VOL.

III.

AUGUST, 1882, No.

11.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE eoKTRlBUT A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, ITTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR AUGUST, 1882.

PAGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

XI.

Gift of Healing Mormon Polygamy and Christian Monogamy.

VIII Moses Thatcher...., A trip to Denmark De Vallibus Inconsistencies of Modern Christianity

Jos. A. West Journey to Palmyra Zenobia,.

How we are Saved O.

F. Whitney Intoxicated Geese The Echo Canon War.

IX Vaux Russians and Jews Selected.

"Absens"Beppo Time in Prophecy Jos.

L.

Townsend.

Editorial:

Roll and Record The Restoration.

I E. H. Anderson Only one Fault Association Intelligence:

Notice Answers to Questions IT STANDS AT THE HEAD!

THE LIGHT RUNNING DOMESTIC!

THE BEST IN THE WORLD.

If you buy a Domestic SEWING MACHINE, And should desire any other kind after using it Two Months, we will exchange and give you one of any other make that retails at the same price.

We keep all kinds of machines and—See the—

DOMESTIC Before you buy a Sewing Machine

Agents for the Western Territories.

Main Street, Near Co-op.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

PURCHASE YOUR SOME MADE Wf AT THE OLD CONSTITUTION BUILDING, 500 Pieces Dress Flannels.

500 Pieces Plain Flannels.

250 Pieces Twilled Flannels.

1000 Pairs of Blankets.

5000 Pounds of Worsted Yarn.

200 Pieces Cassimere.

100 Pieces Jeans.

200 Pieces Linseys.

ALL GOODS AT LOWEST PRICES.

JOHN C CUTLER.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS.

-OS"-- VOLUME ONE.

There are but forty remaining copies of the first volume.

Persons or Associations desiring a complete set will do well te apply at once.

Price $2.50, VOLUME TWO.

A lew copies in uniform binding at the same price.

VOLUME THREE.

Subscribers returning their numbers in September can get them bound before Conference.

Cost of Binding Volumes in half leather and dark blue cloth,

VOLUME POUR.

See the Prospectus.

Address:

JITNIUS F- W1ELLS, p.

o.

box soo'.

"Salt Lake City.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST!

BUY THE SGHUTTLER FARM, FREIGHT AND SPRING WAGONS,

OCDEN, UTAH, AND SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A URGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS OR HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the Mtmimt Improved Farm Wm@Jkimm, ^^.ea-Easrx iron the celebrated

DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling Wire and 3?atent Bale Ties.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pumps, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederick Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY, GEO.

.A.. LOWE, OGDEN, UTAH.

W ZFTTZROSITTTTIRE, IflsfflWplm^SililHHl Wa "Pa P er 'Feathers » Baby Carriages j S 1 1 pM 1. ppl 1 I CARPETS, IHiil^liliMieMMl Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

IPIgB^H^^^Sil Cornices, Window Shades, JE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT DiNWOODEY'S, ^^^wiitt^Bl LA(J1 First SoTj.tli Street Salt Jliaice City.

a., ~w. o oo ]*/£:o JS PAINTER, TOST SOUTH STI11T, HI4R TEEATBE.

P&ijiting ih all &s Bvcinches qt fymfgnable Prices.

ADVERTISEMENTS, tfMEF^0$t Natb «* CAPITAL, $200,000.

SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIKECTOKS:

WM, H. HOOPER, Pre.t., WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-Pte:f.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROESBECK.

(Dealers in Rardzuood, Ijalts, Iron,

Steel, CHAINS, AND/LLKL\DS OF FAP\M FIXTURES.

i QQfa^'We kindly invite our friends to call and examine ^ ^ 'TOp^U'"'* Agents for the Oeletrated

UT11HPD1FPD our stock before purchasing -j Q |* B STUDEBAKER FARM AND SPRING WAGONS, elsewhere.

jg QA ** Buckeye Mowers and Reapers, *1\ N FURST & BRADLEY S0UTH BEND CHILLED PLOWS,

HARROWS, SULKY PLOWS and RAKES,

Etc.

nfcESID.

T?TT3R,:fcTEE&, Svupeiisi.teM.ca.exit.

LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS JL.2&TD SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING/ "Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves,

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, &C WM. JENNINGS, AARON FARR, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

STUDEBAKER BROS.

fg"coA "^f. South Be»<t.l'MANUFACTURERS OF Farmjreight i SpringWagons, All shea and styles of which we carry in stock, or will build to any special order, on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, description and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New /Styles.

JA8.

B. GLASS, Manager.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

BOOKS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE LITERATURE PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, 18mo„flexible cloth, 10 vols., each, 45 cents.

SCIENCE PRIMERS.

Edited by Profs. Huxley, Roscoe and

Stewart.

18mo., flexible cloth, vols, each, 45 cents.

HISTORY PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, l8mo.

, flexible cloth, 6 vols., each 45 cents.

Will be sent by mail, postpaid, upon receipt of price-

D. APPLETON & CO., Publishers, New York.

Boston.

Chicago* SanFranciaco.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

AUGUST, 1882.

No.

11, SERMONS AND WRITINGS GIFT OF HEALING.

April 28, 1842.

At two o'clock, p. m., I met the members of the "Female Relief Society,"and after presiding at the admission of many new members, gave a lecture on the Priesthood, showing how the sisters would come in possession of the privileges, blessings and gifts of the Priesthood, and that the signs should follow them, such as healing the sick, casting out devils, etc., and that they might attain unto these blessings by a virtuous life and conversation, and diligence in keeping all the commandments;

a synopsis of which was reported by Miss E. R. Snow:

"President Joseph Smith arose and called the attention of the meeting to the 12th chapter, Corinthians—

* Now concerning spiritual gifts, I would not have you ignorant.'Said that the passage in the third verse, which reads, 'No man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost,'should be translated 'no man can know that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.'He continued to read the chapter, and give instructions respecting the different offices, and the necessity of every individual acting in the sphere allotted him or her, and filling the several offices to which they were appointed.

"Spoke of the disposition of many men to consider the lower offices in the

Church dishonorable, and to look with jealous eyes upon the standing of others who are called to preside over them.

That it was the folly and nonsense of the human heart for a person to be aspiring OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

to other stations than those to which they are appointed of God for them to occupy:

that it was better for individuals to magnify their respective callings, and wait patiently till God shall say to them, 'Come up higher.'"He said the reason of these remarks being made was, that some little foolish things were circulating in the Society, against some of the sisters not doing right in laying hands on the sick.

Said that if the people had common sympathies they would rejoice that the sick could be healed; that the time had not been before that these things could be in their proper order;

that the Church is not fully organized, in its proper order, and cannot be, until the Temple is completed, where places will be provided for the administration of the ordinances of the Priesthood.

"President Smith continued the subject, by quoting the commission given to the ancient Apostles in Mark, xvi, 15, 16, 17, 18: 'Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.

He that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

And these signs shall follow them that believe:

in my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.'"No matter who believeth, these signs, such as healing the sick, casting out devils, etc., should follow all that believe, whether male or female.

He asked the

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

Society if they could not see, by this sweeping promise, that wherein they are ordained, it is the privilege of those set apart to administer in that authority, which is conferred on them; and if the sisters should have faith to heal the sick, let all hold their tongues, and let everything roll on.

u He said, if God has appointed him, and chosen him as an instrument to lead the Church, why not let him lead it through?

Why stand in the way when he is appointed to do a thing?

Who knows the mind of God?

Does He not reveal things differently from what we expect? He remarked that he was continually rising, although he had everything bearing him down, standing in his way, and opposing;

notwithstanding all this opposition, he always comes out right in the end.

"Respecting females administering for the healing of the sick, he further remarked, there could be no devil in it, if God gave His sanction by healing;

that there could be no more sin in any female laying hands on and praying for the sick, than in wetting the face with water;

it is no sin for anybody to administer that has faith, or if the sick have faith to be healed by their administration.

"He reproved those that were disposed to find fault with the management of the concerns of the Church, saying God had called him to lead the Church, and he would lead it right; those that undertake to interfere will be ashamed when their own folly is made manifest;

that he calculates to organize the Church in its proper order as soon as the Temple is completed.

"President Smith continued by speaking of the difficulties he had to surmount ever since the commencement of the work, in consequence of aspiring men.

'Great big Elders,'as he called them, who had caused him much trouble to whom he had taught the things of the kingdom in private councils, they would then go forth into the world and proclaim the things he had taught them, as their own revelations;

said the same aspiring disposition will be in this Society, and must be guarded against;

that every person should stand, and act in the place appointed, and thus sanctify the Society and get it pure.

He said he had been trampled under foot by aspiring Elders, for all were affected by that spirit;

for instance, John E. Page and others had been aspiring; they could not be exalted, but must run away, as though the care and authority of the Church were vested with them.

He said he had a subtle devil to deal with, and could only curb him by being humble.

"As he had this opportunity, he was going to instruct the ladies of this

Society, and point out the way for them to conduct themselves, that they might act according to the will of God;

that he did not know that he should have many opportunities of teaching them, as they were going to be left to themselves; they would not long have him to instruct them that the Church would not have his instructions long, and the world would not be troubled with him a great while, and would not have his teachings.

"He spoke of delivering the keys of the Priesthood to the Church, and said that the faithful members of the Relief Society should receive them in connection with their husbands, that the Saints whose integrity has been tried and proved faithful, might know how to ask the Lord and receive an answer;

for according to his prayers, God had appointed him elsewhere.

He exhorted the sisters always to concentrate their faith and prayers for, and place confidence in their husbands, whom God has appointed for them to honor, and in those faithful men whom God has placed at the head of the

Church to lead His people;

that we should arm and sustain them with our prayers;

for the keys of the kingdom are about to be given to them, that they may be able to detect everything false as well as to all the Elders who shall prove their integrity in due season.

"He said if one member becomes corrupt, and you know it, you must immediately put it away, or it will either injure or destroy the whole body.

The sympathies of the heads of the Church have induced them to bear a loner time

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

with those who are corrupt, until they are obliged to cut them off, lest all become contaminated; you must put down iniquity, and by your good examples, stimulate the Elders to good works;

if you do right, there is no danger of your going too fast.

He said he did not care how fast we run in the path of virtue;

resist evil, and there is no danger; God, men and angels will not condemn those that resist everything that is evil, and devils cannot;

as well might the devil seek to dethrone Jehovah, as overthrow an innocent soul that resists everything which is evil.

"This is a charitable Society, and according to your natures it is. natural for females to have feelings of charity and benevolence.

You are now placed in a situation in which you can act according to those sympathies which God has planted in your bosoms.

If you live up to these principles, how great and glorious will be your reward in the celestial kingdom!

If you live up to your privileges, the angels cannot be restrained from being your associates.

Females, if they are pure and innocent, can come into the presence of God;

for what is more pleasing to God than innocence?

You must be innocent, or you cannot come up before God;

if we would come before God, we must keep ourselves pure, as He is pure.

The devil has great power to deceive; he will so transform things as to make one gape at those who are doing the will of God.

You need not be teasing your husbands because of their deeds, but let the weight of your innocence, kindness and affection be felt, which is more mighty than a millstone hung about the neck; not war, not jangle, not contradiction, or dispute, but meekness, love, purity—these are the things that should magnify you in the eyes of all good men.

Achan must be brought to light, iniquity must be purged out from the midst of the Saints;

then the veil will be rent, and the blessings of heaven will flow down—they will roll down like the Mississippi river.

If this Society listen to the counsel of the Almighty, through the heads of the

Church, they shall have power to command queens in their midst.

I now deliver it as a prophecy, if the inhabitants of this State, with the people of the surrounding country, will turn unto the Lord with all their hearts, ten years will not roll round before the kings and queens of the earth will come unto Zion, and pay their respects to the leaders of this people; they shall come with their millions, and shall contribute of their abundance for the relief of the poor, and the building up and beautifying of Zion.

After this instruction, you will be responsible for your own sins;

it is a desirable honor that you should so walk before our

Heavenly Father as to save yourselves;

we are all responsible to God for the manner we improve the light and wisdom given by our Lord to enable us to save ourselves.

"President Smith continued reading from the above mentioned chapter, and to give instructions respecting the order of God, as established in the Church, saying every one should aspire only to magnify his own office and calling.

He then commenced reading the 13th chapter—'Though I speak with the tongues*of men and angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal;"and said, don't be limited in your views with regard to your neighbor's virtues, but beware of self-righteousness, and be limited in the estimate of your own virtues, and not think yourselves more righteous than others; you must enlarge your souls towards each other, if you would do like Jesus, and carry your fellow-creatures to Abraham's bosom.

He said he had manifested longsuffering, forbearance and patience towards the Church, and also to his enemies; and we must bear with each other's failings, as an indulgent parent bears with the foibles of his children.

He then read the second verse—"Though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity,

I am nothing."He then said, though a man should become mighty, do great things, overturn mountains, perform mighty works, and should then turn from

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

his high station to do evil, to eat and drink with the drunken, all his former deeds would not save him, but he would goto destruction!

As you increase in innocence and virtue, as you increase in goodness, let your hearts expand, let them be enlarged towards others; you must be long- suffering, and bear with the faults and errors of mankind.

How precious are the souls of men!

The female part of the community are apt to be contracted in their views.

You must not be contracted, but you must be liberal in your feelings.

Let this Society teach women how to behave toward their husbands, to treat them with mildness and affection.

When a man is borne down with trouble, when he is perplexed with care and difficulty, if he can meet a smile instead of an argument or murmur—if he can meet with mildness, it will calm down his soul and soothe his feelings; when the mind is going to despair, it needs a solace of affection and kindness.

You will receive instruction through the order of the Priesthood which God has established, through the medium of those appointed to lead, guide and direct the affairs of the Church in this last dispensation; and

I now turn the key in your behalf in the name of the Lord, and this Society shall rejoice, and knowledge and intelligence shall flow down from this time henceforth;

this is the beginning of better days to the poor and needy, who shall be made to rejoice and pour forth blessings on your heads.

When you go home, never give a cross or unkind word to your husbands, but let kindness, charity and love crown your works henceforward;

don't envy the finery and fleeting show of sinners, for they are in a miserable situation but as far as you can, have mercy on them, for in a short time God will destroy them, if they will not repent and turn unto Him.

Let your labors be mostly confined to those around you, in the circle of your own acquaintance, as far as knowledge is concerned, it may extend to all the world; but your administrations should be confined to the circle of your immediate acquaintance, and more especially to the members of the

Relief Society.

Those ordained to preside over and lead you, are authorized to appoint the different officers, as the circumstances shall require.

If any have a matter to reveal, let it be in your own tongue;

do not indulge too much in the exercise of the gift of tongues, or the devil will take advantage of the innocent and unwary.

You may speak in tongues for your own comfort, but I lay this down for a rule, that if anything is taught by the gift of tongues, it is not to be received for doctrine.

President Smith then gave instructions respecting the propriety of females administering to the sick by the prayer of faith, the laying on of hands, or the anointing with oil; and said it was according to revelation that the sick should be nursed with herbs and mild food, and not by the hand of an enemy.

Who are better qualified to administer than our faithful and zealous sisters, whose hearts are full of faith, tenderness, sympathy and compassion?

No one.

Said he was never placed in similar circumstances before, and never had given the same instruction; and closed his instructions by expressing his heartfelt satisfaction in improving this opportunity.

The Spirit of the Lord was poured out in a very powerful manner, never to be forgotten by those present on this interesting: occasion.

WHAT HAVE WE DONE?

If we sit down at set of sun, And count the things that we have done,

And, counting, find One self-denying act, one word,

That eased the heart of him who heard,

One glance most kind, That fell like sunshine where it went,

Then we may count that day well spent.

But if, through all the livelong day,

We've eased no heart by yea or nay;

If, through it all We've done no thing that we can trace,

That brought the sunshine to a face;

No act, most small, That helped some soul, and nothing cost,

Then count that day as worse than lost.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

3 25 MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

VIII.

In concluding this series of articles, we desire to quote a few verses from the last part of the third and fore part of the fourth chapters of Isaiah, the fulfilment of which is yet future.

The Prophet, in speaking of Zion, makes reference to this continent, and if any are curious to know what shall befall, hereafter, the daughters of this land, let them read the entire third chapter.

"Thy men shall fall by the sword and thy mighty in the war.

And her gates shall lament and mourn and she being disconsolate, shall sit upon the ground."—Isa. iii: 25, 26. And what will follow the retribution which this chapter clearly indicates shall come upon both men and women of this land?

Hear what the Prophet says:

"And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, we will eat our own bread and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name to take away our reproach."—Isa. iv:

1.

No prostitution and harlotry in this, remember; no pleading here to become "public"or "private"mistresses;,no begging in this by courtezans to become the creatures of man's lust, the shocking gratification of which now creates, not only "national dishonor,"but national decay and individual disease and loathsome death.

No! this will be the plea of none of these, but will be the voice of nature, the voice of God prompting the hearts of honest women to solicit honorable marriage with honorable, righteous men whom God shall spare.

"What!"says the pious self-righteous Christian, "will these women seek polygamous marriages?"Ay!

polygamous marriages! Hear the petition, ye Christians, for it will come just as predicted.

"We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name to take away our reproach."When a man gives a woman his name, he marries her and acknowledges her to all the world as his wife, and is proud of her as the mother of his children.

And that is what these women whom God shall preserve from destruction will plead for, and they will desire the great blessing of being a pure man's wife so strongly, that instead of stipulating for fine mansions, carnages, gay dresses and costly jewelry, they will, as we have seen, stipulate to support themselves and join by sevens their lot with one man.

Not as mistresses, mind, for such never get the.

name of the man to take away their reproach, or to keep them and their offspring from the brand of shame, or from dying in the gutter, or in the slums of some vile den.

Our Christian ministerial friends need not, however, be alarmed, for, so long as they rant and howl against the heaven-ordained order of celestial marriage, calling it, when practiced by others under God's command, a "national dishonor,"and fail to repent and turn to the Lord with contrite spirits, they need have no fear that seven women will ever plead for the honor of bearing their names or their children.

May God hasten the day when the vision of the Prophet shall be fulfilled; for, as he himself declares in the following verse:

"In that day the branch of the Lord shall be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel. And it shall come to pass that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem."

Pending the accomplishment of all this, the "Mormons"will work out under God their destiny.

"By their fruits ye shall know them,"for they are demonstrating God's social problem of human redemption.

With humble but grateful hearts, they look with pride upon the physical strength of their manly boys and upon the chaste beauty of their virtuous girls, while they teach both to make purity their motto, virtue their standard, and with "Holiness to the Lord"engraven upon their hearts, to crowd back to their place the sorcerer, liar, hypocrite and adulterer, leaving no

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

place in all their fair borders for the libertine, whoremonger, or harlot.

Thus guarding and keeping pure the fountains of life, with God, our friend, we trust the rest.

While many so-called philanthropists, reformers and religious teachers advocate the necessity among Christian civilized communities of the soul and body destroying social evil with its attendant crimes, others will deplore its existence, and, in their timid weakness, will hide their heads and do nothing to stay its awful ravages.

But of one thing we may all be certain, and that is, a fearful, unavoidable curse does follow those who outrage God's laws by poisoning the fountains of life with the corruptions of sexual impurities.

Disease and premature death write this, as with an iron pen, in language that is universal, tracing upon human face and form the unmistakable characteristics of guilt.

While deeply mourning over the depraved condition of all whose souls and bodies are contaminated with this corroding disease, we can but feel grateful, in concluding this brief comparison between the results of Mormon polygamy and Christian monogamy, that it is not our wives and daughters who are the victims of these Cod-forbidden practices.

Thank God, "Mormons"do not load females with loathsome diseases, cast them in the gutter to die, or, through the gratification of brutal lust, reduce the average span of their immoral lives to ''four years.

''"Mormon"infants are not killed to get rid of them, nor are they sent to perish on "Ward's Island,"in "Foundling hospitals,""Baby homes,"or elsewhere.

Neither are they thrown as rubbish into reservoirs, canals, dark alleys and ash-pits.

"Mormon"husbands and sons are not the fathers, nor are "Mormon"wives and daughters the mothers of these innocents, born but to die at the hands of those who gave them being.

No, this cry of human despair that ceaselessly rises up to God comes not from their lips, for, let it be remembered, "Mormon"husbands and sons, wives and daughters, hold chastity to be more precious than life, and their children as heritages from the Lord. Thrice happy is he whose quiver is full of them, healthy, fair, beautiful and strong and spotless as snow.

The marriage covenants of the Latter-day Saints are for time and for eternity, being united by that authority which binds on earth and in heaven.

The world may howl and persecute them as the self-righteous and hypocritical did the Redeemer, but God will vindicate through His people the holy polygamic order of marriage which Abraham practiced, and in whose bosom Jesus saw Lazarus.

Many Christians, who have despised and persecuted the Latter-day Saints, casting them out as evil, heaping reproach upon and considering them unworthy to pick up the crumbs that fall from the tables of the haughty and rich, being unwilling even for the dogs to lick their wounds, which the self-righteous have inflicted upon them, will feel, when they pass beyond the vail of mortality, just as did the rich man who so earnestly plead that Lazarus might return to his brethren and inform them what a mistake his life had been and what the sad results were.

All such shall receive, when pleading for themselves and friends, the answer:

"If they hear not Moses and the Prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead."There will be sorrow, disappointment, lamentation and weeping, but the "Mormons,"whom all Christendom have hated, and upon whom the pious have heaped many ills, will not be ashamed, neither will their faces wax pale when they meet Abraham, in whose bosom they shall find repose, for they have patiently born the scorn of the socalled

Christian civilized world, while preaching and observing the holy marital relations which he, the Friend of God, practiced, and in whose presence the average Christian of our day would feel as uneasy as a fish out of water, a school boy at recitation with his lesson unlearned, or as a barbarian in the palace of a civilized monarch.

Imagine a "Christian,"who has pronounced the practice of polygamy a "national dishonor,""a twin relic of barbarism,""a

A TRIP TO DENMARK.

loathsome disease on the body politic,"asking Father Abraham for favors. Then fancy Sarah and Hagar, the four faithful wives of Jacob, those of Moses, the lawgiver, and others of the good and pure mothers of a chosen race, coming forward and looking with pity upon such a Christian, and saying, "Why, this man is one of those who, while living in the flesh, heaped upon us and our children all manner of ignominy, and persecuted and hated those who followed in our footsteps, what does he here?""By their fruits shall ye know them."By their words and works shall they be judged.

"Do men gather grapes from thorns, or figs from thistles?"Moses Thatcher, A TRIP TO DENMARK.

The Rosenborg palace in Copenhagen is a remj^rkable institution.

It was built in 1604, and was occupied for many years as a royal residence.

It is of curious construction, being partly in the Gothic and partly in the Renaissance styles, having three peculiar towers, and the whole surrounded with a moat and fortifications.

It is now occupied as a repository of curiosities, relics, valuable jewels, weapons, ivory and ebony carvings, historic furniture, and a wonderful assortment of bric-a-brac, collected by successive rulers and royal personages from all parts of the world during a long course of years.

As a museum of odd and valuable collections, the Rosenborg resembles the celebrated "Green Vault"at Dresden, and is scarcely less interesting.

The streets of Copenhagen are well kept and clean;

at the intersection of roads fine statues are erected to the memory of heroes of the past; one we well remember, thinking the sentiment it expresses an unworthy one, reflecting little credit upon the people who caused it to be placed there.

It is in a public square, and consists of an equestrian group, in which the king of Denmark is mounted upon a rampant charger, which is ferociously treading under its feet, the prostrate form of the Swedish monarch.

This is designed to commemorate some great victory of the Danes, and to revive their feelings of patriotism, but is so fearfully real, that it more readily awakens disgust at the brutality of the situation.

Many scenes that transpire in the streets of great cities are common to all countries, but each is remarkable for some peculiarity that the others do not possess.

Thus in this great Danish city we were struck with the appearance of huge wagons, upon which broad racks were arranged to hold enormous loads of brown bread, baked in large loaves several feet long.

We saw many of these wagons, with their loads towering above them like loads of hay, wending their way through the main thoroughfares to the soldiers'barracks, to the wharves and into the country.

One could readily suppose that there was but one bakery in the kingdom, and that all the bread was made there, and distributed by these great wagons to the various towns and villages.

We were told that this bread was made in such a manner that it would last a long time, being hard and dry, and we heartily concurred;

for at first sight we were willing to believe that it was intended for paving stones, there being very little difference between it and the street pavements, either in color or hardness.

During our visit to this famous and interesting city, we were permitted to experience those sensations of universal brotherhood which are awakened by no circumstance or situation in life, so thoroughly as by the operations of the spirit of the Gospel, which, affecting people of all nations alike, bears testimony of the divine truth, and knits their hearts together in a bond that is inexplicable; but which fills men's souls with the noblest thoughts and aspirations.

It

A TRIP TO DENMARK.

is one of the convincing evidences of the restored Gospel to witness this confidence and love, which springs up and fills to overflowing, the hearts of repentant believers, of various nations and tongues and peoples.

We had not been in the Scandinavian Conference half an hour before we experienced that calm, trusting, delightful feeling of perfect confidence in those about us, who, though we were strangers to them, speaking another language, showed unmistakably that they felt the same sensation.

Our spirits harmonized, and the sentiments of our hearts ran together in a peaceful stream of contentment, and faith and unwavering testimony. Though our words, delivered from the stand and in the aisles of the assembly hall, as we passed in and out, grasping the hundreds of hands extended to us, were not understood, there seemed to be an invisible means of communication between us that all comprehended and rejoiced in.

Thus, while President Joseph F. Smith addressed the audience, his countenance lit up with the glowing fire of inspiration, the large congregation sat with uplifted heads, spell-bound in their attention not understanding a word that was uttered and yet comprehending everything.

Who shall say that the universal spirit of union, which makes men one, as Christ and the Father are one, is not abroad in the world when he looks on a scene like this?

The feeling here so inadequately expressed may appear absurd to some, but to those whose hearts have warmed under the sacred impulse, which breathes into their souls a testimony of the salvation that the Redeemer hath wrought out for them, it is not absurd.

They are familiar with it all, and know better than language can tell, the sweet whisperings of that Spirit which flows through their souls, and from them to their brethren, as a river of oil, bearing light and knowledge and comfort and testimony on its wave, which cheer the heart and cause it to expand in unspeakable gratitude as it silently breathes the sacred words: "My Lord and my God!"The semi-annual conferences of the Scandinavian mission call together a great many people.

At the time of which we write—the spring of 1874—the large hall was crowded at all of the meetings with attentive listeners.

The progress of the work in these northern countries has been quite remarkable.

Some statistical information provided by

Andrew Jenson, Esq., editor of Morgenstjernen, a respectable historical and biographical magazine in the Danish language, published in this city, will prove of interest to our readers.

At the general October conference, 1849, among the missionaries called to go abroad were, Elders Erastus Snow, P. O. Hansen and John E. Forsgren, for

Scandinavia. On the 14th of June, 1850, these brethren reached Copenhagen, took rooms in a hotel for a day or two, when they procured private apartments in the house of a respectable citizen.

Soon after they were thus located, the brethren became interested in the preaching of a

Baptist minister named Christian Mtinster, who had suffered considerable persecution on account of his religious tendencies, and was in possession of the Spirit of Truth to that degree that he could see the inconsistencies of modern sectarianism.

On becoming acquainted with Brother Snow and party, Herr Monster soon became convinced that what he had learned of the true Christian faith was but a part of the plan of salvation, and gladly accepted the testimony of the brethren, who thus found an opening to the homes and hearts of the vast multitude of Danish, Norwegian and Swedish people that have embraced the Gospel since that time.

On the 1 2th of August, 1850, fifteen persons, eight men and seven women, were baptized, being the first converts made in Denmark;

Christian MOnster was the first man, and Anna Beckstrtim the first woman, who received the ordinance in that country.

From this time, without cessation, until the present, the Scandinavian mission has been prosecuted with great fidelity, yielding thousands of converts to the fold of Christ.

Up to the end of the year, 1881, there had been baptized thirty-four thousand

INCONSISTENCIES OF MODERN CHRISTIANITY.

3 29 four hundred and ninety-nine persons, of whom fifteen thousand and eighty emigrated to Zion, besides about six thousand children under eight years of age, making twenty-one thousand, who have gathered from the Scandinavian shores.

The enterprise shown by these people, in providing themselves with homes in the mountains and sending to their relatives and friends remaining in their native lands means with which to emigrate, has been very exemplary and deserves the praise and emulation of all believers. A publication, the Scandinavian Star, resembling the Millennial Star in makeup and general character, has been published for many years at the Mission headquarters, Lorenzentsgade, No.

14, Copenhagen, where have also been translated, printed and published nearly all of the authorized Church publications and thousands of tracts.

The hospitality of the Danish people is all that foreigners could desire.

The contrast in their treatment of Americans and that which they receive in our "glorious land of liberty,"is very striking to one who has received their attentions in Copenhagen.

Indeed, this fact is indisputable, that the people of all European nations (England possibly excepted) are bright and shining examples of courtesy and social decorum, in their behavior toward foreigners, when compared to Americans.

I recollect having asked in the very worst possible German, a Viennese, the way to the hotel, having got lost in the dark, crooked streets of the old town.

He politely endured the jargon, which he could no more understand than the ordinary American understands

Danish, and divining the situation led me along street after street, until fearing such unusual politeness would lead me into a snare, I stopped, and looking my voluntary guide closely in the face, indicated the apprehension I felt.

He saw in a moment the suspicion that I could not conceal, and with an incredulous smile, was about to call a policeman to conduct me to the hotel,when

I took his arm and expressed my confidence, as well as possible, by signs and gestures.

He led me on a short distance farther, and turning a corner I found myself in the doorway of the hotel, gratified to be at home and with a sense of the politeness of foreigners that was as new as delightful.

I relate this incident to illustrate what Americans almost universally encounter on the continent of Europe, but seldom see at home.

De Vallibus.

INCONSISTENCIES OF MODERN CHRISTIANITY.

In order that the young people of Zion may be able to cope successfully with the false philosophy of a false Christian world, it is necessary for them not only to understand the scriptural evidences that sustain our views of the Gospel, but also to become conversant with those passages of holy writ, which overturn and set aside the accepted tenets of Christian churches, and undermine the foundations upon which their sophistical theology is founded.

I say, sophistical theology, because in my experience I find, that while they pretend to believe the scriptures and venerate the ancient Prophets and early founders of Christianity, by a false system of reasoning, they do away with the very fundamental principles of the Gospel, and erect instead thereof a phantom and a myth.

Truly the day has arrived of which Paul spoke:

"For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;

and they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables."—2 Tim. iv:

3, 4.

Most of the Christian churches of the day, if asked what is necessary to salvation would immediately answer: "Have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and live a godly life and you are saved already.

This constitutes the whole plan of sal-

33Q INCONSISTENCIES OF MODERN CHRISTIANITY valion with which we have anything to do, for all the rest is unnecessary, and consequently is now done away with."

A godly life, in their estimation, means an occasional attendance at church, the most servial deference to the minister, and the liberal payment of church offerings for the support of the clergy.

But the faith in Christ which they endeavor to teach, I am entirely at a loss to comprehend, for it seems to me, to be no faith at all.

It resembles more an utter denial of the very divinity of Christ, and of the principles of the Gospel which He taught;

for they cannot believe that Jesus was the Christ, and one of the Godhead, and yet deny the validity or necessity of those laws and ordinances by which alone He declared that mankind could be saved, and without which He declared that they all would be damned.

Furthermore, they cannot say that faith alone is all that is necessary to salvation in the kingdom of God, without not only denying the divinity of Jesus, but also being guilty of worse than blasphemy in contradicting Christ's positive declarations to Nicodemus, "Verily, Verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of the water, and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God."—John iii, 5.

The fact is, true faith in Jesus

Christ, necessarily implies an observance of all the laws which He has ever revealed for the salvation of mankind.

When any one is inspired with true Christian faith, it impels him in the very nature of things to receive gladly the ordinances, and to obey, as far as lies in his power, every one of His laws.

As an illustration of true Christian faith, we need but to refer to the Jews on the day of Pentecost.

When Peter had preached to them Christ and Him crucified, and they believed, "being pricked in their hearts,"they went forth gladly and were baptized, about three thousand of them.

There was no caviling, or questioning, or denying the ordinances of the Gospel, but they were only too glad in their hearts to obey the injunction of Peter, wherein he commanded them to "repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of their sins, and they should receive the Holy Ghost."—Acts iii, 38.

We have many other illustrations of the effect of true Christian faith in the Bible.

When Paul and Silas were in prison at Philippi, we are told, that "at midnight they prayed and sang praises unto God, and suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken, and immediately all the doors were opened and every one's hands were loosed.

And the keeper of the prison drew out his sword and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had fled.

But Paul cried out with a loud voice, 'Do thyself no harm for we are all here,'and he came in trembling, and said:

'Sirs, what must I do to be saved.'And they said:

'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved and thy house,'and he was baptized he and all his, straightway."—Acts xvi, 25 23This circumstance shows clearly, that the belief or faith which Paul enjoined upon the janitor, meant also an obedience to the ordinance of baptism as a natural, a legitimate consequence of that faith;

and if to the ordinance of baptism, also to all the other ordinances of the Gospel of Jesus Christ which he, Paul, taught.

Otherwise, if in the declaration to believe, he simply meant the belief, or faith, taught by modern Christians, he would not have gone to all the trouble to go out in the middle of the night and immerse them in the liquid grave in the likeness of Christ's burial, if belief alone would save them and fulfil the promise which he made them.

Another similar incident, illustrative of the true meaning of faith, is found in the eighth chapter of Acts, beginning with the fifth verse.

After Philip had "preached Christ unto them, they believed the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, and were baptized both men and women.

Now when the Apostles which were at Jerusalem

INCONSISTENCIES OF MODERN CHRISTIANITY.

heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John who laid their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost."

From these circumstances we learn that it required something more than the mere exercise of faith, as taught by the

Christian world, for Philip went to all the trouble to baptize them, and the Apostles at Jerusalem sent Peter and John all the way into Samaria for the express purpose of conferring upon them the Holy Ghost.

One more reference will be sufficient, I think, to conclusively prove the utter unscriptural character of modern

Christian faith.

In the latter part of the chapter just quoted, beginning at the thirty-fifth verse, we have an account of a certain eunuch who was reading the scriptures as he journeyed homeward in his chariot toward the land of Ethiopia.

Philip being commanded of the Lord, and also being invited by the eunuch, entered the chariot and preached unto him Jesus.

And as they went their way they came unto a certain water, and the eunuch said: "See here is water, what doth hinder me to be baptized.

And Philip said:

If thou believest with all thine heart thou mayest.

And he answered and said:

I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God."In this instance, although the eunuch had positively declared that he believed "that Jesus Christ was the Son "of God,"had possessed himself of that all essential element upon which, according to modern divines, the whole'plan of human salvation is based, he stopped his chariot, went down into the water, and was baptized of Philip.

And so great was God's approval of the act that Philip was caught away by the spirit and the eunuch went on his way rejoicing.

Some Christian ministers, not having the effrontery or hardihood to deny the force of the above reasoning, will candidly admit that many other principles, besides faith, were taught and practiced by Christ and His apostles.

But, say they, after the church was fully established, they were all done away, and now are no longer necessary. A person may be baptized if he chooses, but it is not at all essential, and as for the gifts of the Holy

Ghost, we know nothing of them. When asked if they can point to a single passage of Scripture wherein they are'declared to be no longer necessary, they will reply that they cannot, but that they were done away with in the first few centuries of the Christian era.

This, of course, we are forced to admit, but by whom?

Have any of the Christian churches received any revelation from God since the days of John the Revelator?

Certainly not.

All will agree as to that, for none of the churches believe in revelation from God.

Then by whom have these gifts and ordinances been done away, or by whom declared no longer necessary?

By the voice and authority of puny man, raised in defiance against the mandates of Jehovah, and in subversion of those very principles of eternal truth for which Jesus and His apostles laid down their lives;

therefore, while modern Christians pretend to revere Jesus and build costly churches in commemoration of His apostles, they crucify them in their hearts by denying the efficacy of their ministry and mission, and by teaching men to do away with those very principles which they lived and died to establish.

Verily these are they to whom Paul refers, in 2 Tim., iii:

1—5: "This know also that in the last days perilous times shall come, for men shall be lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, having a form of Godliness but denying the power thereof: from such turn away."

Joseph A. West.

AMBITION.

He who ascends to mountain tops, shall find

The loftiest peaks most wrapt in clouds and snow;

He who sitrpasses or subdues mankind,

Must look down on the hate of those below.

Though high above the sun of glory glow,

And far beneath the earth and ocean spread,

Round him are icy rocks, and loudly blow

Contending tempests on his naked head,

And thus reward the toils which to those summits led.

Selected.

JOURNEY TO PALMYRA.

JOURNEY TO PALMYRA.

I will not detain you long with our voyage, but will only mark out its course.

Leaving the African shore, we struck across to Sicily, and coasting along its eastern border, beheld with pleasure the towering form of /Etna, sending up into the heavens a dull and sluggish cloud of vapors.

We then ran between Peloponnesus and Crete, and so held our course till the Island of Cyprus rose like her own fair goddess from the ocean, and filled our eyes with a beautiful vision of hill and valley, wooded promontory, and glittering towns and villas.

A fair wind soon withdrew us from these charming prospects, and after driving us swiftly and roughly over the remainder of our way, rewarded us with a brighter and more welcome vision still—the coast of Syria and our destined port, Berytus.

As far as the eye could reach, both toward the north and the south, we beheld a luxuriant region, crowded with villages, and giving every indication of luxury and wealth.

The city itself, which we rapidly approached, was of inferior size, but presented an agreeable prospect of warehouses, public and private edifices, overtopped here and there by the lofty palm, and other trees of a new and peculiar foliage.

Four days were consumed here in the purchase of slaves, camels, and horses, and in other preparations for the journey across the desert.

Two routes represented themselves, one more, the other less direct;

the latter, though more circuitous, appeared to me more desirable, as it would take me within sight of the modern glories and ancient remains of Heliopolis.

This, therefore, was determined upon; and on the morning of the fifth day we set forward upon our long march.

Four slaves, two camels, and three horses, with an Arab conductor, constituted our little caravan;

but for greater safety we attached ourselves to a much larger one than our own, in which we were swallowed up and lost, consisting of travelers and traders from all parts of the world, and who were also on their way to Palmyra, as a point whence to separate to various parts of the vast east.

It would delight me to lay before you, with the distinctness and minuteness of a picture, the whole of this novel and interesting route; but I must content myself with a slight sketch.

Our way through the valleys of Libanus was like one long wandering among the pleasure grounds of opulent citizens.

The land was everywhere richly cultivated, and a happier peasantry, as far as the eye of the traveler could judge, nowhere exists.

The most luxuriant valleys of Italy are not more crowded with the evidences of plenty and contentment. Upon drawing near to the ancient

Baalbec, I found on inquiry of our guide, that we were not to pass through it, as I had hoped, nor even very near it, not nearer than between two and three miles.

So that in this I had been clearly deceived by those of whom

I had made the most exact inquiries at Berytus.

The event proved, however, that it was not for nothing;

for soon after we had started on our journey, on the morning of the second day, turning suddenly around the projecting rock of a mountain ridge, we all at once beheld, as if a vail had been lifted up, Heliopolis and its suburbs spread out before us in all their various beauty.

The city lay about three miles distance.

I could only therefore identify its principal structure, the Temple of the

Sun, as built by the first Antonine. This towered above the walls and over all the other buildings, and gave vast ideas of the greatness of the place, leading the mind to crowd it with other edifices that should bear some proportion to this noble monument of imperial magnificence.

As suddenly as the view of this imposing scene had been revealed, so suddenly was it again eclipsed by another turn in the road, which took us once more into the mountain valleys.

But the overhanging and impenetrable foliage of a Syrian forest shielding me from the fierce rays of a burning sun, soon reconciled me to my loss—more especially as

I knew that in a short time we were to

JOURNEY TO PALMYRA.

enter upon the sandy desert which stretches from the Anti-Libanus almost to the very walls of Palmyra.

Upon this boundless desert we now soon entered.

The scene which it presented was more dismal than

I can describe. A red, moving sand—or hard and baked by the heat of a sun such as Rome never knows—low, gray rocks just rising here and there above the level of the plain, with now and then the dead and glittering trunk of a vast cedar, whose roots seemed as if they had outlasted centuries—the bones of camels and elephants, scattered on either hand, dazzling the sight by reason of their excessive whiteness—at a distance occasionally an Arab of the desert, for a moment surveying our long line, and then darting off to his fastnesses—these were the objects which, with scare any variation, met our eyes during the four wearisome days that we dragged ourselves over this wild and inhospitable region.

A little after the noon of the fourth day, as we started on our way, having refreshed ourselves and our exhausted animals at a spring which here poured out its warm but still grateful waters to the traveler, my ears received the agreeable news that toward the east there could now be discerned the dark line which indicated our approach to the verdant tract that encompasses the great city.

Our own excited spirits were quickly imparted to our beasts, and a more rapid movement soon revealed into distinctness the high land and waving groves of palm trees which mark the site of Palmyra.

It was several miles before we reached the city, that we suddenly found ourselves—landing as it were from a sea upon an island or continent—in a rich and thickly peopled country.

The roads indicated an approach to a great capital in the increasing numbers of those who thronged them, meeting and passing us, overtaking us, or crossing our path.

Elephants, camels and the dromedary, which I had only seen in the amphitheatres, I here beheld as the native inhabitants of the soil.

Frequent villas of the rich and luxurious Palmyrenes, to which they retreat from the greater heat of the city, now threw a lovely charm over the scene.

Nothing can exceed the splendor of these sumptuous palaces.

Italy itself has nothing which surpasses them.

The new and brilliant costumes of the persons whom we met, together with the rich housings of the animals they rode, served greatly to add to all this beauty.

I was still entranced, as it were, by the objects around me, and buried in reflection, when I was aroused by the shout of those who led the caravan, and who had attained the summit of a little rising ground, saying, "Palmyra!

Palmyra!"I urged forward my steed, and in a moment the most wonderful prospect I ever beheld—no, I cannot except even Rome—burst upon my sight.

Flanked by hills of considerable elevation on the east, the city filled the whole plain below as far as the eye could reach, both toward the north and toward the south.

This immense plain was all one vast and boundless city.

It seemed to me to be larger than Rome.

Yet I knew very well that it could not be, that it was not.

And it was some time before I understood the true character of the scene before me, so as to separate the city from the country and the country from the city, which here wonderfully interpenetrate each other and so confound and deceive the observer.

For the city proper is so studded with groups of lofty palm trees, shooting up among its temples and palaces, and on the other hand, the plain in its immediate vicinity is so thickly adorned with magnificent structures of the purest marble, that it is not easy, nay it is impossible at the distance at which I contemplated the whole, to distinguish the line which divides the one from the other.

It was all city and all country, all country and all city.

Those which lay before me I was ready to believe were the Elysian Fields.

I imagined that I saw under my feet the dwelling of purified men and of gods.

Certainly they were too glorious for the mere earthborn.

There was a central point, however, which chiefly fixed my attention, where the vast Temple of the Sun stretched upward its thousand columns of polished marble to

HOW WE ARE SAVED.

the heavens, in its matchless beauty casting into the shade every other work of art of which the world can boast.

I have stood before the Parthenon, and have almost worshiped the divine achievement of the immortal Phidias.

But it is a toy by the side of this bright crown of the eastern capital.

I have been at Milan, at Ephesus, at Alexandria, at Antioch but in neither of these renowned cities have I beheld any thing that I can allow to approach in united extent, grandeur, and most consummate beauty, this almost more than work of man.

On each side of this, the central point, there rose upward slender pyramids pointed obelisks—domes of the most graceful proportions, columns, arches, and lofty towers, for number and for form, beyond my power to describe.

These buildings, as well as the walls of the city, being all either of white marble or of some stone as white, and being everywhere in their whole extent interspersed, as I have already said, with multitudes of overshadowing palm trees, perfectly filled and satisfied my sense of beauty, and made me feel for the moment, as if in such a scene

I should love to dwell and there end my,days.

Nor was I alone in these transports of delight.

All my fellow-travelers seemed equally affected:

and from the native Palmyrenes, of whom there were many among us, the most impassioned and boastful exclamations broke forth.

"What is Rome to this?"they cried.

"Fortune is not constant.

Why may not Palmyra be what Rome has been—mistress of the world?

A few years may see great changes.

Who can tell what shall come to pass?"These, and many such sayings, were uttered by those around me, accompanied by many significant gestures and glances of the eye.

I thought of them afterwards. We now descended the hill, and the long line of our caravan moved on toward the citv.

Zcnobia.

HOW WE ARE SAVED.

The salvation of the human soul is a process of graduation.

Like the growth of a garden tree, from seed to shoot, from shoot to blossom and from flower to fruit, it is something to be done by degrees, a course of continuous progression which cannot be completed in a day.

The most durable works are those which require most time in their accomplishment, and since the salvation of the soul is to endure forever, it is but reasonable to expect that it should be slowly, surely and gradually attained.

Reasoning upon these premises, the popular sectarian idea that a mere belief in Jesus Christ is all that is essential to salvation, is a plain and palpable absurdity.

It is altogether too rapid a process, and as a consequence, the result could not be lasting.

A man may believe, or say that he believes in Christ at an instant's warning.

The convicted murderer can say so, with the rope of the hangman about his neck.

The unconvicted murderer can say so, as he plunges the glittering steel into the heart of his victim.

Men have said so, and earnestly thought so, while engaged in persecuting, pillaging, killing and torturing their fellow creatures, and in their blind fanaticism have supposed that that belief absolved them from guilt, condoned and even justified their crimes, and blended with such devilish deeds, wrought out their soul's salvation.

But such beings, and many of them are upon the earth to-day, will find themselves most wofully mistaken.

A simple belief in Jesus Christ, however sincere it may be, can save no one.

If it could, it would long ago have saved the devil and his angels. They believed and declared, eighteen centuries ago, that Jesus was the Christ, and trembled because of that belief, and have been trembling and believing ever since, thereby evincing full sincerity as well as a steady and prolonged conviction.

But this will never save them.

Believing and trembling are not the secrets of salvation.

"Work out

HOW WE ARE SAVED.

your own salvation, in fear and trembling,"says Paul to the Philippians.

By this and many other passages of Scripture, we are exhorted to unite faith with works, thus proving the existence of one by faithfully performing the other, and even then trembling with due anxiety, lest in our pride and weakness we depend too much upon ourselves, and rely not upon the strength and grace of God who giveth the final victory.

To work out the soul's salvation is not "the drowsy pastime of a summer's day."It is a wide-awake life-long task, beginning with the first feeble breath of the newborn infant, and only ending when that breath returns to the bosom of the God who gave it.

And why should we say that it ends even then?

The grave is not the goal of human life.

There are worlds beyond, eternal futures of faith and good works, in the midst of which sanctified man may still exercise his agency, still develop his latent capabilities, and ascend by gradual degrees from height to height of never ending intelligence and dominion.

Everything in nature illustrates the principle of gradual progression.

The sun slowly rises to the zenith and as gently sinks into the west, and in obedience to his rule, the day waxes brighter and warmer, and as steadily diminishes in heat and wanes in lustre.

Look how the seasons come and go in like manner.

The balmy breath of spring preparing us for the burning rays of summer, and the cooling influence of autumn enabling us to withstand the gelid blasts of winter.

Each season, in turn, breaking the monotony of the annual round, and administering, in its own peculiar way, to the welfare and promotion of animal and vegetable life.

A sudden transition from January to July, or from August to December, would prove disastrous.

It is doubtful if the living earth itself could sustain such a shock without serious injury.

God's wisdom and mercy are therefore made manifest in the regular return of the seasons, with all the successive changes, gradations and climaxes that figure in the annual routine.

The Gospel of life and salvation, as operating in the redemption of the human race, is one of the noblest examples of steady and continuous gradation.

It was never destined to do its work in a day.

Its principles are serial and progressive in their nature, and their application must be made accordingly.

They constitute a medium of purification and enlightenment, a series of refining processes, through which the soul of the sinner, like a rough diamond in the hands of the jeweler, is purified and polished until its hidden brilliance blazes forth in full and perfected effulgence.

It is by yielding obedience to the first principle, or in other words, submitting to the primal process, that the soul is qualified to undergo the next.

For each one merges and leads into its successor, and gradually prepares the mind for its reception.

Through the exercise of faith, the sinner is enabled to repent, and having repented of his sins, he is next desirous of having them remitted, and on being cleansed by baptism, having had all sinful disabilities removed, he is fitted and made worthy to receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

He is thus inducted into the Church of Jesus Christ, the precursor of the kingdom of God, and becomes a candidate for celestial exaltation.

But his soul is not yet saved.

He has only obeyed the initiatory principles of salvation.

He has but begun the battle of righteousness, and to imagine that his soul is out of danger at this early period, would be to take off his armor and throw aside his weapons in the very midst of the fight.

The primal principles of the Gospel are absolutely indispensable to a full and complete salvation, but to suppose that they alone are requisite, would be almost as unreasonable as the prevalent notion that belief alone is the all-essential passport to the presence of God. He who obeys the first principles, places himself on the safe side of a boundary line which will eventually separate those who accept from those who reject them, but he can still fall nevertheless, as did Lucifer from heaven, and has the free privilege of doing so if he desires.

Not only are the first principles indispensable, but

HOW WE ARE SAVED.

every law, ordinance, precept or ceremony ever revealed from God to man, is necessary and imperative, if we would reap the full fruition of the blessings they respectively represent.

Not the least commandment of the Almighty can be ignored with impunity.

He who would ascend the stairway leading upward to eternal life, must tread it step by step from the base stone to the summit of the flight.

Not a single stair can be missed, not one duty neglected, if the climber would avoid danger and delay, and arrive with all safety and expedition at the topmost landing of celestial exaltation.

There are such things as intermediate stages in that long and arduous ascent, and the pilgrim to eternity has the privilege of halting and remaining upon either of them, but no spirit that truly loves its Maker or properly appreciates its own intrinsic worth, will take advantage of that privilege and sacrifice^ for a lesser consideration a far more glorious and ineffable reward.

Even as an earthly parent is blessed in the possession of a wise and virtuous posterity, so God the Eternal Father is glorified by the workmanship of His hands.

The higher His children ascend, he greater is

His own exaltation in consequence, and it is a sacred duty devolving upon all to contribute to His glory as much and as far as they are capable.

To acquire a correct and thorough knowledge of any branch of human learning, it is necessary to commence at the beginning.

No sensible student thinks of mastering a language until he has first learned its alphabet.

No pupil, who is barely able to put two and two together, should consider himself qualified to calculate the weight of the stars or ascertain the altitude of the sun.

No more need the newly-made convert to the Gospel of Jesus Christ hope to circumscribe, all at once, the insurmountable heights, the unfathomable depths, the bewildering and illimitable extents of that vast system of science, which comprehends all other systems and sciences, and has as its aim and object the eternal education and exaltation of the human family.

It is something to be gradually acquired.

It is a lesson that must be learned little by little.

By accepting and practising its rudimental principles, we are placed in a position to comprehend and intelligently comply with all subsequent requirements, and these, like their predecessors, will ever be consecutive and progressive in their character.

We all have evil passions to subdue, strong temptations to resist, arduous trials to undergo, numberless duties to perform.

Every heart knoweth best what it has to do and endure, and it likewise knows full well that its labor is a life task, which can only be performed by degrees.

But it is a work which, when once done, will never need to be undone, for the soul of man is immortal and its education everlasting.

Thus it is that we are gradually freed from sin, slowly burnished by the friction of experience, and surely and eternally saved in the celestial kingdom of our Father.

It is only by gradually approaching that kingdom that we are able to withstand its otherwise intolerable glory.

Sin cannot inherit the kingdom of God.

It would consume like chaff in a devouring flame.

Heaven would be a literal hell to the wicked, and even the most righteous, without a lifetime of preparation, would be utterly unable to endure the presence of the Lord.

What folly then to imagine that the bloodstained criminal, strangled out of this life, because unfit to associate with fallen humanity on earth, can be made ready at a moment's notice to mingle with the Gods and the holy angels, dwelling in the midst of celestial burnings.

He might better be cast into a fiery furnace, seven times heated, and expected to survive the ordeal.

Even Moses, that mighty man of God, had he not been previously filled with the Holy Ghost, insomuch that his face shone like an angel's, would have been unworthy and incapable of standing in His presence.

The opening words of that beautiful and stirring hymn, ''The Spirit of God like a fire is burning,"are no idle simile or vain hyperbole.

They speak a literal, living fact.

And fortunate indeed are we, who have received the imposition of hands for

INTOXICATED GEESE.

the gift of the Holy Ghost, that only a limited portion of it was bestowed, that by degrees we might become familiar with its influence, and in due time be qualified to receive and endure a fulness.

Even Christ did not possess a fulness at the first, but by faith and good works gradually became entitled to it, till finally it pleased God that in Him should all fulness dwell.

It is in this fulness that He will come to reign as King of kings.

Not as the lowly Nazarene, veiling his primeval splendor in mortal flesh, but in the ripe and burning glory of a King, as the Lion of the tribe of Judah, He will descend upon the world., which even now, by the sanctifying agency of His restored Gospel,is being prepared against the time of His coming.

And in that great and terrible day, when the bursting heavens shall reveal the Son of Man, when the flood gates of eternity are lifted, and the glory of God, like a deluge, shall overwhelm the earth, who are they that shall be able to stand?

Not those who have rejected the counsels of the Almighty.

Not those who have persecuted and despised His servants.

Not those who have ignored the protective principles, revealed for the very purpose of securing them against the day of His wrath and vengeance.

Not those who have professed the calling of Latter-day Saints, but have failed by their works to demonstrate the worth of their professions.

No!

For these shall be as stubble in the flames, and as ash-heaps before the whirlwind.

They shall melt like the mists of the morning, and like hoar-frost in the sunlight shall they vanish before the brightness of Zion's rising.

Let none deceive themselves, but let the whole world prepare to be tried and proven.

For it is written in the archives of heaven, and decreed in the bosom of the Eternal, that none save the meek and righteous shall inherit the earth, and none but the pure in heart can look upon God's face and live.

O. E. Whitney.

INTOXICATED GEESE.

The following thrilling narrative contains a moral that the tempter and the tempted might with great propriety take dearly to heart.

It was originally published in a London newspaper and however the author acquired the profound knowledge of the weaknesses of the goose family, whether by experience or a lifetime of meditative observation, it is to be hoped the story will serve well with its present readers, the purpose for which it was orignially written.

When geese take to drink the result is preposterous. For nature never meant geese to get intoxicated.

In the first place, they have no hands to hold on to lamp-posts with; while at the best of times, their balance is precarious.

Even when sober, a fat goose, if traveling in uneven ground, constantly cants forward on to its beak, or backward on to its tail; but when inebriated it is utterly helpless.

A short while ago, a farmer's wife in Germany had been making some ii* cherry brandy, but "as she found during the process, that the fruit was unsound, she threw the whole mass out into the yard, and, without looking to see what followed, shut the window.

As it fell out, a party of geese, good fellows all of them, happened to be waddling by at the time, and, seeing. the cherries trundling about, at once investigated them.

The preliminary inquiry proving satisfactory, these misguided poultry set to and ate the whole lot.

"No heeltaps"was the order of the carouse, and so they finished the cherries off at one sitting, so to speak.

The effect of the spirituous fruit was soon apparent, for, on trying to make the gate which led from the scene of the debauched to the horse-pond, they found everything against them.

Whether a high wind had got up, or what had happened, they could not tell, but it seemed to the geese that there was an uncommonly high sea running, and the ground set in toward them with a steady, strong

33§ INTOXICATED GEESE.

swell that was most embarrassing to progress.

To escape these difficulties some lashed their rudders and hove to; others tried to run before the wind, while the rest tacked for the pig-sty.

But there was no living in such weather, and one by one, the craft lurched over and went down all standing. Meanwhile the dame, the unconscious cause of this disaster, was attracted by the noise in the fowlyard, and looking out, saw all her ten geese, behaving as if they were mad.

The gander himself, usually so solemn and decorous, was balancing himself on his beak, and spinning round the while in a prodigious flurry of feathers and dust, while the old gray goose, remarkable even among her kind for the circumspection of her conduct, was lying stomach upwards in the gutter, feebly gesticulating with her legs.

Others of the party were no less conspicuous for the extravagance of their attitudes and gestures, while the remainder were to be seen lying in a helpless confusion of feathers in the lee scupper—that is to say, the gutter by the pig-sty.

Perplexed by the spectacle, the dame called in her neighbors, and, after careful investigation, it was decided in council that the birds had died of poison. Under these circumstances their carcasses were worth nothing for food, but, as the neighbors said, the feathers were not poisoned, so they set to work then and there and plucked the ten geese bare.

Next morning the good woman got up as usual, and remembering the feathers downstairs, dressed betimes, for it was market day and she hoped to get them off her hands at once.

And then she bethought her of ten plucked bodies lying in the porch and resolved that they should be buried before she went out.

But as she approached the door on these decent rites intent, and was turning the key, there fell on her ears the sound of another, familiar voice—and then another and another, until at last the astonished dameheardjn full chorus the well known accents of all her plucked and poisoned geese.

The throat of the old gander was no doubt a trirle husky, and the gray goose spoke in muffled tones suggestive of a chastening headache; but there was no mistaking those tongues, and the dame fumbling at the door, wondered what it all might mean.

Has a goose a ghost?

Did anyone ever read or hear of the spectre of a gander?

The key turned at last, the door opened, and there, quacking in subdued tones, suppliant and shivering, stood all her flock.

There they stood, the ten miserable birds, with splitting headaches and parched tongues, contrite and dejected, asking to have their feathers back again.

The situation was painful to both parties.

The forlorn geese saw in each other's persons the humiliating reflection of their own condition, while the dame, guiltily conscious of that bagful of feathers and down, remembered how the one lapse of Noah, in that ''aged surprisal of six hundred years and unexpected inebriation from the unknown effects of wine,"has been excused by religion and the unanimous voice of his posterity.

She and her neighbors with her, however, had hastily misjudged the geese, and, finding them dead drunk, had stripped them, without remembering for a moment, that if feathers are easy to get off they are very hard to put on.

So she called in her neighbors again, but they proved only sorry comforters, for they reminded her that, after all, the fault was her own;

that it was she, and no one else, who had thrown the brandied cherries to the geese.

As it was with Job, these "oblique expostulations"of her friends were harder for the widow to bear "than the downright blows of the devil,"and so, turning from her neighbors, she gathered her bald poultry about her round the kitchen fire, and sat down to make them flannel jackets.

We shall be sifted till the strength

Of self-conceit be changed at length

To meekness.

Longfellow, Lady visitor to Scripture class: "With what weapon did Samson slay his enemies?"After a period of unbroken silence, fair questioner (touching her blooming cheek): "What's this?"

Chorus: "The jor bone of a has, mum!"

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

When General Wells went to the front he was accompanied by Presidents

John Taylor and George A. Smith, who participated in the councils and rendered important service among the men, besides exercising a most salutary influence upon the enemy through communications which passed between them and certain officers of the army.

The following letter to Captain Marcy has often been alluded to as a remarkably clear, cutting and salient exposition of the rights and duties of the opposing forces, and displays a keen appreciation of the situation, expressed in the peculiarly brilliant literary style of the author:

Great Salt Lake City, October 21, 1857.

My Dear Sir:

I embrace this the earliest opportunity of answering your communication to me, embracing a letter from Mr. Fuller, of New York, to you, an introductory letter to me, and also one from W.

I. Appleby to Governor Young;

the latter, immediately on its receipt, I forwarded to his excellency;

and here let me state, sir, that

I sincerely regret that circumstances now existing have hitherto prevented a personal interview.

I can readily believe your statement, that it is very far from your feelings, and most of the command that are with you, to interfere with our social habits or religious views.

One must naturally suppose that among gentlemen educated for the army alone, who have been occupied by the study of the art of war, whose pulses have throbbed with pleasure at the contemplation of the deeds of our venerated fathers, whose minds have been elated by the recital of the heroic deeds of other nations, and who have listened almost exclusively to the declamations of patriots and heroes, that there is not much time and less inclination to listen to the low party bickerings of political demagogues, the interested twaddle of sectional declaimers, or the throes and contortions of contracted religious bigots.

You are supposed to stand on elevated ground, representing the power and securing the interests of the whole of a great and mighty nation.

That many of you are thus honorable, I am proud, as an American citizen, to acknowledge; but you must excuse me, my dear sir, if I cannot concede with you that all your officials are so high-toned, disinterested, humane and gentlemanly, as a knowledge of some of their antecedents expressly demonstrate.

However, it is not with the personal character, the amiable qualities, high-toned feelings, or gentlemanly deportment of the officers in your expedition that we at present have to do.

The question that concerns us is one that is independent of your personal, generous, friendly and humane feelings or any individual predilection of yours;

it is one that involves the dearest rights of American citizens, strikes at the root of our social and political existence, if it does not threaten our entire annihilation from the earth.

Excuse me, sir, when I say that you are merely the servants of a lamentably corrupt administration;

that your primary law is obedience to orders, and that you came here with armed foreigners with cannon, rifles, bayonets and broadswords, expressly, and for the openly avowed purpose of "cutting out the loathsome ulcer from the body politic."I am aware what our friend Fuller says in relation to this matter, and I entertain no doubt of his generous and humane feelings, nor do I of yours, sir;

but I do know that he is mistaken in relation to the rabid tone and false, furious attacks of a venal and corrupt press.

I do know that they are merely the mouthpiece, the tools, the barking dogs of a corrupt administration.

I do know that Mr. Buchanan was well apprised of the nature of the testimony adduced against us by ex-Judge Drummond and others;

for he was informed of it to my knowledge by a member of his own cabinet, and I further know, from personal intercourse with members

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

of the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States, that there have been various plans concerted at headquarters for some time past, for the overthrow of this people.

Captain, Mr.

Fuller informs me that you are a politician;

if so, you must know that in the last presidential campaign the republican party had opposition to slavery and polygamy as two of the principal planks in their platform.

You may know, sir, that Utah was picked out, and the only Territory excluded from a participation in pre-emption rights to land.

You may also be aware that bills were introduced into Congress for the persecution of the

Mormons;

but other business was too pressing at that time for them to receive attention.

You may be aware that measures were also set on foot, and bills prepared to divide up Utah among the territories of Nebraska, Kansas, Oregon and New Mexico, (giving a slice to California,) for the purpose of bringing us into collision with the people of those Territories, not to say anything about thousands of our letters detained at the post office at Independence.

I might enumerate injuries by the score, and if these things are not so, why is it that Utah is so "knotty a question?''If people were no more ready to interfere with us and our institutions than we are with them and theirs, these difficulties would vanish into thin air.

Why, again I ask, could Drummond and a host of others, mean scribblers, palm their barefaced lies with such impunity, and have their infamous slanders swallowed with such gusto?

Was it not that the administration and their satelites, having planned our destruction, were eager to catch at anything to render specious their contemplated acts of blood?

Or, in plain terms, the democrats advocated strongly popular sovereignty.

The republicans tell them, that if they join in maintaining inviolable the domestic institutions of the south they must also swallow polygamy.

The democrats thought this would not do, as it would interfere with the religious scruples of many of their supporters, and they looked about for some means to dispose of the knotty question.

Buchanan, with Douglas, Cass, Thompson and others of his advisers, after failing to devise legal measures, hit upon the expedient of an armed force against

Utah; and thus thought, by the sacrifice of the Mormons, to untie the knotty question;

do a thousand times worse than the republicans ever meant;

fairly out-Herod Herod, and by religiously expatriating, destroying, or killing a hundred thousand innocent American citizens, satisfy a pious, humane, patriotic feeling of their constituents;

take the wind out of the sails of the republicans, and gain to themselves immortal laurels.

Captain, I have heard of a pious Presbyterian doctrine that would inculcate thankfulness to the all-wise Creator for the privilege of being damned.

Now, as we are not Presbyterians, nor believe in this kind of self-abnegation, you will, 1 am sure, excuse us for finding fault at being thus summarily dealt with, no matter how agreeable the excision or expatriation might be to our political, patriotic, or very pious friends.

We have lived long enough in the world to know that we are a portion of the body politic, have some rights as well as other people, and that if others do not respect us, we, at least, have manhood enough to respect ourselves.

Permit me here to refer to a remark made by our friend Mr. Fuller, to you, viz.: "That he had rendered me certain services in the city of New York, and that he had no doubt that when you had seen and known us as he had, that you would report as favorably as he had unflinchingly done."

Now those favors to which Mr. Fuller refers were simply telling a few plain matters of fact, that had come under his own observation during a short sojourn at Salt Lake.

This, of course, I could duly appreciate, for I always admired a man who dare tell the truth.

But, captain, does it not strike you as humiliating to manhood and to the pride of all honorable American citizens, when among the thousands that have passed through and sojourned among us, and knew as well as Mr. Fuller did our true social and moral position, that perhaps one in ten thousand

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

dare state their honest convictions; and further, that Mr. Fuller, with his knowledge of human nature, should look upon you as a rara avis, possessing the moral courage and integrity to declare the truth in opposition to the floods of falsehood that have deluged our nation.

Surely, we have fallen on unlucky times, when honesty is avowed to be at so great a premium.

In regard to our religion it is perhaps unnecessary to say much yet, whatever others'feelings may be about it, with us it is honestly a matter of conscience.

This is a right guaranteed to us by the Constitution of our country;

yet it is on this ground, and this alone, that we have suffered a continued series of persecutions, and that this present crusade is set on foot against us In regard to this people, I have travelled extensively in the United States, and through Europe, yet have never found so moral, chaste, and virtuous a people, nor do I expect to find them.

And, if let alone, they are the most patriotic, and appreciate more fully the blessings of religious, civil and political freedom than any other portion of the United States.

They have, however, discovered the difference between a blind submission to the caprices of political demagogues and obedience to the Constitution, laws and institutions of the United States; nor can they, in the present instance, be hoodwinked by the cry of "treason."If it be treason to stand up for our constitutional rights if it be treason to resist the unconstitutional acts of a vitiated and corrupt administration, who, by a mercenary armed force, would seek to rob us of the rights of franchise, cut our throats to subserve their party, and seek to force upon us his corrupt fools, and violently invade the rights of American citizens;

if it be treason to maintain inviolate our homes, our firesides, our wives, and our honor, from the corrupting and withering blight of a debauched soldiery;

if it be treason to keep inviolate the Constitution and institutions of the United States, when nearly all the States are seeking to trample them under their feet, then, indeed, we are guilty of treason.

We have carefully considered all these matters, and are prepared to meet the "terrible vengeance"we have been very politely informed will be the result of our acts.

It is in vain to hide it from you that this people have suffered so much from every kind of official that they will endure it no longer.

It is not with them an idle phantom, but a stern reality.

It is not, as some suppose, the voice of Brigham only, but the universal, deep settled feeling of the whole community.

Their cry is, "Give us our constitutional rights;

give us liberty or death."A strange cry in our boasted model republic but a truth deeply and indelibly graven on the hearts of a hundred thousand American citizens by a series of twenty-seven years'unmitigated and unprovoked, yet unrequited wrongs.

Having told you of this, you will not be surprised that when fifty have been called to assist in repelling our aggressors, a hundred have volunteered, and, when a hundred have been called, the number has been more than doubled;

the only feeling is "don't let us be overlooked or forgotten."And here let me inform you that I have seen thousands of hands raised simultaneously, voting to burn our property rather than let it fall into the hands of our enemies.

They have been so frequently robbed and despoiled without redress, that they have solemnly decreed that, if they cannot enjoy their own property, nobody else shall.

You will see by this that it would be literally madness for your small force to attempt to come into the settlements.

It would only be courting destruction.

But, say you, have you counted the cost?

have you considered the wealth and power of the United

States and the fearful odds against you?

Yes;

and here let me inform you that, if necessitated, we would as soon meet a hundred thousand as one thousand and, if driven to the necessity, will burn every house, tree, shrub, rail, every patch of grass and stack of straw and hay, and flee to the mountains.

You will then obtain a barren desolate wilderness, but will not have conquered the people, and the same principle in regard to other property will be carried out.

If this people

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

have to burn their property to save it from the hands of legalized mobs, they will see to it that their enemies shall be without fuel;

they will haunt them by day and by night.

Such is, in part, our plan.

The three hundred thousand dollars worth of our property destroyed already in Green River County is only a faint sample of what will be done throughout the Territory.

We have been twice driven, by tamely submitting to the authority of corrupt officials, and left our houses and homes for others to inhabit, but are now determined that, if we are again robbed of our possessions, our enemies shall also feel how pleasant it is be houseless at least for once, and be permitted, as they have sought to do to us, "to dig their own dark graves, creep into them, and die."You see we are not backward in showing our hands.

Is it not strange to what lengths the human family may be goaded by a continued series of oppressions?

The administration may yet find leisure to pause over the consequences of their acts and it may yet become a question for them to solve, whether they have blood and treasure enough to crush out the sacred principles of liberty from the bosoms of a hundred thousand freemen, and make them bow in craven servility to the mendacious acts of a perjured degraded tyrant.

You may have learned already that it is anything but pleasant for even a small army to contend with the chilling blasts of this inhospitable climate.

How a large army would fare without resources you can picture to yourself.

We have weighed those matters it is for the administration to post their own accounts.

It may not be amiss, however, here to state that, if they continue to prosecute this inhuman fratricidal war, and our Nero would light the fires, and, sitting in his chair of state, laugh at burning Rome, there is a day of reckoning even for Neroes.

There are generally two sides to a question.

As I before said, we wish for peace, but that we are determined on having it if we have to fight for it.

We will not have officers forced upon us who are so degraded as to submit to be sustained by the bayonet's point.

We cannot be dragooned into servile obedience to any man.

These things settled, captain, and all the like preliminaries of etiquette are easily arranged; and permit me here to state, that no man would be more courteous and civil than Governor Young, and nowhere could you find in your capacity of an officer of the United States a more generous and hearty welcome than at the hands of his excellency. But when, instead of battling with the enemies of our country, you come (though probably reluctantly) to make war upon my family and friends, our civilities are naturally cooled, and we instinctively grasp the sword; Minie rifles, Colt's revolvers, sabres, and cannon may display very good workmanship and great artistic skill, but we very much object to having their temper and capabilities tried upon us.

We may admire the capabilities, gentlemanly deportment, heroism and patriotism of United States officers;

but in an official capacity of enemies, we would rather see their backs than their faces.

The guillotine may be a very pretty instrument, and show great artistic skill, but I don't like to try my neck in it.

Now, captain, notwithstanding all this,

I shall be very happy to see you if circumstances should so transpire as to make it convenient for you to come, and to extend to you the courtesies of our city, for I am sure you are not our personal enemy.

I shall be happy to render you any information in my power in regard to your contemplated explorations.

I am heartily sorry that things are so unpleasant at the present time, and I cannot but realize the awkwardness of your position, and that of your compatriots, and let me here say that anything that lays in my power compatible with the conduct of a gentleman you can command.

If you have leisure, I should be most happy to hear from you.

You will, I am sure, excuse me, if I disclaim the prefix of reverend to my name; address John Taylor, Great Salt Lake City.

RUSSIANS AND JEWS.

I need not here assure you that personally there can be no feelings of enmity between us and your officers.

We regard you as the agents of the administration in the discharge of a probably unpleasant duty, and very likely ignorant of the ultimate designs of the administration.

As I left the east this summer, you will excuse me when I say I am probably better posted in some of these matters than you are, having been one of a delegation from the citizens of this Territory to apply for admission into the

Union.

I can only regret that it is not our real enemies that are here instead of you.

We do not wish to harm you, or any of the command to which you belong, and I can assure you that in any other capacity than the one you now occupy, you would be received as civilly and treated as courteously as in any other portion of our Union.

On my departure from the States the fluctuating tide of popular opinion against us seemed to be on the wave.

By this time, there may be quite a reaction in the public mind.

If so it may probably affect materially the position of the administration, and tend to more constitutional, pacific and humane measures.

In such an event our relative positions would be materially changed, and instead of meeting as enemies, we could meet, as all Americans should, friends to each other, and united against our legitimate enemies only.

Such an issue is devoutly to be desired, and I can assure you that no one would more appreciate so happy a result to our present awkward and unpleasant position than yours truly, John Taylor.

Lawyers and doctors, when they encounter each other in a court of justice, usually engage in a verbal game of "tit, tat, too."A New York lawyer, who was cross-examining Dr.

Warren, declared that a doctor ought to be able to give an opinion of a disease without making mistakes.

"Doctors make fewer mistakes than the lawyers,"responded the physician.

"That's not so,"said the counsellor "but doctor's mistakes are buried six feet under ground;

a lawyer's are not.""No,"replied Warren;"but they are sometimes hung as many feet above ground."The advantage was with the doctor.

When disputing as to the comparative methods of their profession, Sir Henry Holland said to Bobus Smith, ex-advocate-general:

"You must admit that your profession does not make angels of men."The lawyer replied: "There you have the best of it; yours certainly gives them the best chance."RUSSIANS AND JEWS.

A Swiss writer, who has been studying the condition of the Russian peasantry, especially with a view to the discovery of the causes of the wholesale local persecutions of the Jews, has come to the conclusion that the phenomenon is neither religious nor political, but entirely social.

The Imperial Government is about to issue a series of stringent measures for the protection of the Jews and the severe punishment of their ill users.

The writer feels certain that the Czar and his government cannot amend the stupendous evil by mere repression and punishment.

No cure is possible so long as the Russian peasant-farmer class remains in its present hopeless condition.

Throughout the whole of Central

Russia, with its great Russian population of thirty-five millions—that is to say, one-third part of the Russian Empire with nearly one-half of its inhabitants—

the interests of the peasants must be made the first and foremost care of the government, to the postponement of the less important interests of the nobility and the other great land-owners.

The question is one of life and death for the government itself, for the economical future and prosperity of Central

Russia depend entirely upon the welfare arid thrift of the small peasant-farming class.

As it is, the main bulk of the taxes is contributed by this poverty-stricken class.

Quoting the report of the tax commissioners, the writer shows that the peasants are now annually paying in

"ABSENS."head tax,communal taxes and state taxes, a sum of one hundred and seventy-six million roubles; added to this they pay two hundred million roubles more in the drink-tax and so-called "Obrok,"for their former condition as serfs.

Thus three hundred and seventy-six million roubles, or fifty-six per cent, of the entire income of the Russian state, is contributed by this despairing and impoverished social class.

The economical condition of the poor sinks lower every year, and there is every prospect of increased misery.

The peasants themselves ascribe their rapid decline to one cause—the pressure and tyranny of capital.

It must be remembered that capital has not effected in Russia what it has done elsewhere—the entire transference of the ownership of land from the peasant farmer to a wealthier class.

His land is still his own, though he gains nothing by it, because he is impoverished by the capitalist traders, upon whom he depends for every single article which he needs.

Capital as it presents itself to the Russian peasant, is built up wholly on barter and by skillful use of time, place and necessity, the capitalist or barter-monger strips the peasant of everything.

In the districts where this triumph of capital is most complete, the barter is in the hands of Jewish traders, and hence the Russian peasant attributes his ruin to the Jews, and is filled with hate towards them.

He is incapable, in his state of culture, of looking deeper into the matter.

He has not the energy to become a trader himself.

He looks upon every Jew as a typical representative of that capital and that trade spirit to which he ascribes the economical ruin of the farming class.

His politics, so far as he has any, are a curious medley of fanatical toryism and socialism, if we may attribute these western names and principles to so Oriental a phenomenon.

The present result is that both the enemies, Russian and Jew, are seized with a panic fever of emigration.

The persecuted Jew flies toward the west to escape the Russian.

The impoverished Russian sets his face toward the east to get out of the reach of the Jew. A great exodus of populations has commenced, one westward the other eastward, while the third part penetrate the interior of the empire in all directions in search of work and bread.

This unrest of the most settled and restful of all the classes of a population—the agricultural class—is a threatening symptom, ominous for the future of the nation.

Selected.

What loneliness is more lonely than distrust.

George Eliot.

The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.

Carlyle, Opportunities are very sensitive things.

If you slight them on their first visit they seldom come again.

All dreams might be trusted if men would only bring their bodies into such a state, before going to sleep, as to leave nothing that might occasion error or perturbation in their dreams.

Plato.

"ABSENS."Beyond the mountains dark, austere,

That rise so near—so threateningly,

Sojoiirning by the silent meer,

My sweetheart dwells apart from me.

In weeks or days or hours not long,

Nor far in miles my love can be,

But miles are leagues when she is gone, And days and hours seem years to me.

When softly o'er the valley came

The first sweet zephyrs of the spring,

And with the songs of earliest birds

The fruit-tree tops began to ring,

Oh, sweet and strange with her, at will,

To roam the uplands, broad and free

To see, with love her dark eyes fill, And hear her tongue's sweet melody

But sweeter, when 'mid grasses tall,

At quiet eve we sat together, And felt the apple blossoms fall

Like flakes of snow in winter weather.

TIME IN PROPHECY.

Yet when the radiant summer came

With moon-flecked walks and starry skies,

The heavenliest beauty earth could name

Appeared within her beaming eyes.

But now have passed spring's wooing day

The fruit-tree's blooms—the summer's night,

And with them all has passed away

The soul who gave them their delight.

Beppo.

TIME IN PROPHECY.

Time was, time is, and timewilljje Forever in eternity But time, durations present way

Of being measured day by day, Will soon be time no more The reeling earth, flung out in space,

Another orbit soon must trace Around another axis solve The day in which it may revolve, The space it may explore Jehovah's mandate, thund'ring forth

Toward the void and darkened north,

Our solar system soon will change,

And all the planets re-arrange,

Restoring to the earth, The asteroids and planets near

Belonging to this ancient sphere

A restitution to array The earth for Christ's Millennial Day,

And Eden's glorious birth Then will the season be revealed

In luxury of grove and field, In tropic scenes of fruits and flowers,

Deep laden in perennial bowers

Of Summer, year by year.

And Day and Night their stores increase,

Of deep repose, and solemn peace

And time, in seasons measured be,

Of feasts, and many a jubilee Of love, and peace, and cheer!

In sacred schools will Knowledge yield

Times and seasons, then revealed,

Of other planets, stars, and suns,

Where, how, and when each orbit runs

In systems near and far.

And o'er the earth will Knowledge blaze

Her mind illuminating rays And every cause to its effect, Be traced in truths none can reject,

From star across to star.

And Time, personified, employ His scythe, remorseless to destroy,

No more upon the joyous earth For death shall be a happy birth

In immortality And life for ev'ry one shall be,

As summers of a long lived tree,

And time be valued more and more,

As Knowledge brings her wondrous store

From Future's mystery.

And passed in happy fleeting days,

Commingling labors, rest and praise,

With studies of creative power,

In fish, and beast, and bird, and^flower,

Will time most swiftly run.

And Science and Invention bring

To Peace the tribute offering,

Of precious gems, and metals bright,

For walls of palaces of light,

As dazzling as the sun.

And Man, no more a brutish thing

Beneath the Dragon groveling, Will yield to Christ his homage true,

And as a noble, have his due From times fruition sweet.

While resurrected man will give

To all that in probation live,

Sweet converse in the truths unfurled,

To every people of the world, Of Heaven's laws complete.

Till passed the great Millennial time,

And all eternity sublime Still lies before in prophecy,

The war, and Michael's victory

The judgment in array The conflagration of the earth

Renewed in a celestial birth, A Sun, dethroning horrid night,

And ever beaming forth the light

Of an eternal day Forever then, the time shall run,

In visiting from sun to sun, In peopling planets with the race

Of God's, extending on through space

Their majesty divine And time, in revolutions vast Will make the future as the past

For all that can be, will abound

In one sublime, eternal round Of God's complete design!

J. L.^Townsena'.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, August, 1882.

ROLL AND RECORD.

The attention of the officers of the Associations is called to the new roll and record book now being prepared for the use of all the Associations.

The system adopted for keeping a record of the actual work performed by each member appears to be as perfect as the present condition of the Associations will permit.

There may be headings upon which reports are required that appear superfluous to some societies, but taking the entire organization from Idaho to Arizona we firmly believe the present arrangement will meet the demand as universally as any that could be devised.

Some may prefer not to record the chapters read in the Scriptures, looking upon it as placing a premium on cursory reading, inciting the young members to quick, superficial reading but not to thought or reflection.

Opposing this view, other's experience teach them that whatever the incentive to read the Bible, Book of Mormon or other

Church works may be—if merely to exceed others in the number of chapters read or to get through the books before others do, more good will accrue to the reader than if he left the books severely alone, which is too likely to be the case without an inducement to read is presented in some form or other.

Then again there are those who contend with considerable grace that it is almost impossible to read those works in what is commonly called a cursory manner. That the very determination to read much, defeats the purpose to read lightly, on the principle that the more one reads the more he loves to.

We are certain that ordinarily people will rise from reading one chapter in the Bible with less reluctance than after reading ten.

It requires more than one chapter to secure the interest of young readers and if an incentive may be produced to lead them far enough in their reading to become interested, the interest thus created will do the rest.

For a community of youths not generally accustomed to reading the Scriptures we cannot see where the danger is in offering any premium to induce them to read.

Whatever they may lose from the habit of hurrying through those works, will be more than compensated for by the prominent truths they will encounter, over which it is impossible to hurry; and even if important principles are passed over without thought at the time may it not be expected that the power of the Holy Spirit, "to bring to your rememberance things that are past"will be more readily engaged in calling up at the time needed even those things passed over in a cursory manner.

At least if they have been but dimly scanned the Spirit will have more to recall than if never seen at all.

We believe the experience of many

Elders will bear out this view, that the glimpses of truth obtained in early life have been magnified and brought clearly to the memory through the influence of the Spirit in later years.

The object of recording chapters read in these sacred books is to encourage the younger members in the habit of reading, and by comparison with their fellow members to produce a spirit of emulation that will lead many to familiarity with the Scriptures, who otherwise would know but little of their contents.

This exercise however does not in any way circumscribe or curtail the student nor interfere with his record, which will be distinguished by large figures in the columns recording lectures on Scriptural, historical and other subjects.

It is fair to presume that where a member falls short in the report of reading, the lectures delivered, essays written, missionary appointments filled etc., will be correspondingly increased.

EDITORIAL.

The advantage of reporting and recording the actual work performed by each member will soon be apparent. A desire to excel, to stand well in the society, and to make a record that may be pointed to in after life with pride will spring up in the breasts of the members; and as this disposition grows a spirit of rivalry is bound to be developed, which will create great interest among the members and make the societies lively, wide awake and progressive.

The duties of the secretaries in keeping this record will appear greatly increased, but if they commence right and are careful to keep the weekly roll and to record the monthly reports of the members, as they are given, it will not be long before great facility will be acquired in entering the individual reports, under the proper headings.

When that is done the secretaries will have in a convenient form, every subject before them, upon which statistical reports will be required.

As it is impossible to get uniform reports, where a diversity of records are kept, it follows that, in adopting this systematic record, comprehensive and accurate reports will take the place of those approximate summaries, we have been used to hearing read at our quarterly and general conferences. This will be a happy change.

Every member will be stimulated when he listens to the totals as they are read by the Stake or general secretaries, knowing that the figures mean what they say, that they express the aggregation of individual labor done, and may be relied upon as showing, from one quarter to another, the actual progress made.

This will make our conferences more interesting, having a tendency to direct instructions to those practical subjects which properly pertain to Improvement Associations, and to concentrate the thought and effort of all interested in our work upon valuable details instead of, as in the past, skimming over creation in a general way but arriving definitely at but very little.

The work of mutual improvement among the young people of Zion has really only begun. The plan and purpose of the organization is very broad and comprehensive;

it aims at producing a race of men and women, who in their youth, are capable, sensible, earnest and devout in entering upon the responsibilities of life, which will lead to eternal prosperity and success.

We trust the Associations universally will endeavor to subscribe to such a system as may be devised by the experience of our leaders, for the management and best interests of the work.

Without system our efforts will fail to realize the result hoped for.

We may have entertaining programmes, consisting of dialogues, music, comic recitations, etc., and these will amuse the members for an hour, but that is not what was contemplated in the first place, it is not what we really need for our welfare at the present and until we are much more perfect in the knowledge of essential truths to be learned by the young people of Israel, will we be excusible in permitting our love of pleasure to run riot with our Associations to the exclusion of religion, of science, of history and of all those features which should characterize the meetings of an earnest Association, seeking for knowledge and the development and improvement of the best faculties with which our natures are endowed.

We call for earnestness in the approaching winter's work and believe that the disposition of the general and local authorities of the Associations is to labor with increased zeal to enlarge our membership, prosecute reformatory work in our towns and villages, make our exercises more interesting and profitable and to take such a stride in the path of mutual improvement that at the end of the season the ground gone over will be perceptible and the results attained gratifying to all engaged in the work.

One of the means by which this can be accomplished is now forthcoming, in requiring the Associations to adopt a uniform roll and record. We trust that all will avail themselves of it and at the commencement of the season adopt it, following it closely throughout, when we are sanguine they will unite in praising the system and in declaring the season one of the most prosperous and beneficial they have ever enjoyed.

34« THE RESTORATION THE RESTORATION.

In the Voice of Warning, Parley P.

Pratt begins his excellent essay on this subject with these words "This is one of the most important subjects upon which the human mind can contemplate."We fully concur in this, and believe that it was the hope and stay of the Saints in former days, as it is the sun by whose light the Latter-day Saints look for deliverance.

For the joy it brings, we are willing to suffer the scorns and jeers of the wicked, the lashes of the tyrant, the persecutions of the ungodly.

Were it not for this principle, vain indeed would be the things of this world, and more vain the hope for the future.

When the transitory pleasures of youth and earth die away, we turn to the restoration for a theme to dwell upon; and the food there found for reflection, cheers, strengthens and stimulates to action.

Imbued with its influence, the sad become cheerful, the weak, strong, the oppressed, mighty in the land.

The meaning of the word restoration is bringing back to its primitive condition that which is now changed through various causes since the world began.

It is thus defined in the Voice of Warning:

"Now, we can never understand precisely what is meant by restoration, unless we understand what is lost or taken away;

for instance, when we offer to restore anything to a man, it is as much as to say he once possessed it but had lost it, and we propose to replace, or put him in possession of that which he once had;

therefore, when a prophet speaks of the restoration of all things, he means that all things have undergone a change, and are to be again restored to their primitive order, even as they first existed."In the forty-first chapter of Alma, in the Book of Mormon, it is further defined:

"And now, behold, is the meaning of the word restoration to take a thing of a natural state, and place it in an unnatural state or to place it in a state opposite to its nature?

O, my son, this is not the case;

but the meaning of the word restoration, is to bring back again evil for evil, or carnal for carnal, or devilish for devilish; good for that which is good;

righteous for that which is righteous;

just for that which is just; merciful for that which is merciful;

Therefore, my son see that ye are merciful unto your brethren;

deal justly, judge righteously, and do good continually;

and if ye do all these things, then shall ye receive your reward;

yea, ye shall have mercy restored unto you again; ye shall have justice restored unto you again; ye shall have righteous judgment restored unto you again; and ye shall have good rewarded unto you again For that which ye do send out shall return unto you again, and be restored;

therefore, the word restoration more fully condemneth the sinner, and justifieth him not at all "

From the first quotation we learn that in the restoration all that was will again be, in the same form it first existed.

Now, then, in order to understand what shall be restored we must take a view of earth, vegetation, man and animals as seen upon the sabbath morn of creation when God looked upon all his work and pronounced it good.

From the second quotation we may more fully learn the meaning of restoration, and at the same time learn that it is necessary, even now, to govern our lives so that we may have nothing but desirable works and examples restoied to us.

For our works, acts and thoughts, in this probation, follow us, and will stand upon that day as witnesses either for or against us.

In Genesis i. 9, we read:

"And God said, let the waters under the Heaven be gathered together unto one place and let the dry land appear.

And it was so."Here we learn that all the waters under the heaven were in one place.

There were no seas or stagnant, poisonous pools, but all was one vast ocean, which, through the medium of the clouds,

THE RESTORATION.

brought refreshing showers to life and vegetation.

The land was probably netted with fresh streams making their way to the ocean, decked on either side by flowers and vegetation, all of which gave a pleasing variety to nature. There could not have been deserts or barren plains, nor high rocky mountains whose tops were covered with eternal snows.

The icy chains of the poles had not been formed.

The parched desert was a fruitful field, and the slimy swamps, a flowery meadow.

But it is likely that the earth was level, and well suited for vegetation, animals and man to thrive in all its parts.

To this some object, and say if earth was in this form, the picturesque scenery of the valleys and mountains did not exist, and hence, man could not derive the pleasure from nature that he can to-day.

We refer such to the verse following, in the same chapter, where God pronounces his v/ork good hence, in such an arrangement, there could be nothing displeasing to man or beast.

Over this perfect creation, man was placed to reign in all his glory.

He was told to multiply and replenish the earth.

He was given dominion over all the fishes of the sea, the fowls of the air and over every living thing.

In the twenty-ninth and thirtieth verses of the same chapter we find: "And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed;

to you it shall be for meat.

And to every beast of the earth, and to every foul of the air, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat:

and it was so."From these verses we learn that every herb and tree in the whole creation was suited for the food of man and beast. No poisonous herb grew to poison the blood of man or beast.

No noxious weeds;

only such vegetation grew as was fit for food.

Next, we are told that these herbs, plants, and trees were given unto every fowl of the air and unto every creeping thing for food.

This plainly shows that there existed no enmity among the animals.

That all lived in peace together and fed not upon flesh nor living things.

The lion and the ox ate straw together;

the sheep and the wolves grazed in the same field, and the lamb and the young lion rested under the shade of the same tree.

As has been stated, over all this lovely creation, man was given dominion to reign and sway his scepter with undisputed right.

He was privileged to gaze upon the glory of his maker, and walk face to face with God and rejoice in his presence.

Stop now and contemplate for a moment, the creation:

The earth filled with harmless animals feeding upon vegetation and rejoicing over the vast created earth.

No noxious weeds, no useless thorns and thistles.

Sweet flowers, whose odors were wafted on every breeze, made earth a paradise.

'•A wilderness of sweets;

for nature here Wantoned as in her prime, and played at will

Her virgin fancies, pouring forth more sweet,

Wild above rule or art; enormous bliss.''

Man given dominion and power, free from sorrow and pain.

There were no sighs, no groans, no sickness, no sorrow, no death.

Wars, bloodshed, contention and strife were unknown.

Peace and joy was the crowning glory of the seasons as they rolled; unbounded bliss the lot of man as he reigned.

This was the state of earth as it rolled from the hands of God on the Sabbath morning of creation, and God pronounced it good.

But, O, what a change!

God had placed a tree in the Garden of Eden, of which He forbade man to partake;

but the serpent was subtile, and prevailed on Eve to partake of the fruit, who prevailed on Adam, and behold, man fell!

God saw what had taken place, and said to the serpent, "because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above every beast of the field, and I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed:

it shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel."God multiplied the sorrow and conception of "Eve;

told her that she should bring forth children in sorrow, that her desire should be to her husband and he should rule over her.

For Adam's sake

35Q ONLY ONE FAULT.

God cursed the ground that it should bring forth thorns and thistles, and told him that he should eat bread in the sweat of his face until he should return to the dust from which he was taken.

Enmity now existed between man and beast.

The serpent slyly crept in the weeds to sting the heel of man; and man was startled in his thorny path, fearing the hiss and sting of the serpent.

Not only was the serpent cursed; other beasts became ravenous, because we are told the serpent was cursed above all other beasts, implying that all were cursed to some extent.

Sickness and death became the lot of man.

The former happiness was changed to fear, toil, mourning and sorrow.

Under its burden of accursed thorns and thistles, the earth groaned.

Everything, before desirable, was changed to that which is undesirable.

Changes in the cursed earth began to take place, as if it rent under the curses of God.

Men multiplied and became wicked.

A flood was sent to purify the earth.

This in connection with other causes, tended to change its surface.

In the days of Peleg, as we learn from Genesis x, 9, the earth was divided.

Seas, marshes and sloughs sprang into existence.

Since then, changes have continually taken place, both in the old world and in America.

Palestine, once the proud home of thousands, has become a barren waste; the walls of the great cities have become the shelter of wild beasts and poisonous reptiles.

The screech owl and the wolf inhabit the ruins of the palaces of the mighty and rich.

Scorpions and slimy serpents crawl in the crevices.

Devastation covers the land.

America, once the pride of a mighty people, now the ruin of a convulsed continent.

When we look around and see her massive rocks, her fearful mountains, rearing their bare and stony arms to heaven as if asking for mercy, her high hills sundered and torn, rocks set on end, dark ravines, and wild valleys, we need only refer to the Book of Mormon and learn that these are the results of the agonizing throes of nature, which took place on that dark and fearful day when Christ, the Redeemer, suffered upon the cross.

And thus we have some of the causes which have changed the surface of the earth from its primitive beauty;

others might be enumerated.

The causes are various which have tended to change the animals;

the great cause being the curse of

God.

The changes that have been wrought in man may be attributed to vices, strong drink and the follies of a wrong religion.

What the changes are need not be told, for anyone can see that he is fallen, yes, even so far fallen from his early state that now he often takes the life of his fellow man.

He revels in the vices of a corrupt and wicked world.

At times he lifts his puny arm to God and asks for mercy, as a few have done in the ages that have passed, but which he never can receive until he hears and obeys the voice of his God which has again been heard in the latter-days, which is the beginning of the restoration.

These things have been lost, now let us contemplate for a moment what shall be restored.

Ed. H. Anderson.

"ONLY ONE FAULT."I was riding through a bowery country town in Vermont, when

I chanced to notice a concourse of people in the churchyard, evidently encircling an open grave.

It was a warm day, and I had rode ten miles.

I drew the rein under some trees that arched the road, to allow the horse to cool and rest.

Presently a villager came towards me, and I said, "There is a funeral to-day in your town?""Yes—Stephen.

He was one of the largest-hearted men I ever knew.

We owed something to Stephen."Then he added, in a tone of regret, "He had only one fault."The light fell in pencil rays through the trees.

I sat in silence enjoying the refreshing coolness.

The man resumed the subject:

"He had great abilities, Stephen had.

We sent him to the Legislature three times.

They thought of nominating him for Governor."

A SSOCIA TION INTELLG1ENCE.

"But,"he added, sadly, "Stephen had one fault."I made no answer.

I was tired and watched the people slowly disperse, leaving the sexton to his solitary work.

"A very generous man, Stephen was.

Always visited the sick—he was feeling—when any one was in trouble.

The old people all liked him.

Even the children used to follow him in the streets.""A good man, indeed,"I said, indifferently.

"Yes; he only had one fault.""What was that!"I asked, "Only intemperance.""Did it harm him?""Yes, somewhat.

He didn't seem to have any power to resist it at last.

He got behindhand and had to mortgage his farm, and finally had to sell it.

His wife died on account of the reverse; kind of crushed, disappointed.

Then his children, not having the right bringing up, turned out badly.

His intemperance seemed to mortify them and take away their spirit.

He had to leave politics;

'twouldn't do, you see.

Then we had to set him aside from church, and at last his habits brought on paralysis and we had to take him to the poorhouse.

He died there;

only forty-five.

There were none of his children at the funeral. Poor man, he had only one fault.""Only one fault!"The ship had only one leak, but it went down.

"Only one fault!"The temple had only one decaying pillar, but it fell.

"Only one fault."Home gone, wife lost, family ruined, honor forfeited, social and religious privileges abandoned; broken health, poverty, paralysis and the poorhouse.

One fault, only one.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

To the General Superintendence

Y. M.

M. Improvement Associations.

Dear Brethren:

The Committee appointed at the Young Men's Conference,

April 10, 1882, to prepare a form of roll and record book for the use of the Associations, and to suggest means for raising a suitable fund to pay for it and other expenses, desire to report that we have considered these matters, and to submit for your approval the accompanying blank form, which is prepared for printing.

In regard to establishing a fund for printing and other general expenses, we recommend that the Associations be invited to contribute a sum not less than two dollars each.

The Stake Superintendents to make the collections and forward the amounts to the General Treasurer, and that on the receipt of the money a sufficient number of the Roll and Record Books, be supplied the respective Superintendents for their Associations.

Trusting that our labors will be satisfactory, and if approved that you will authorize the adoption of the Roll and Record Books we have prepared, we remain

Very respectfully, your brethren in the

Gospel, Milton H. Hardy, Joseph H.

Felt, E. H. Anderson, L. R. Martineau, Junius F.

Wells, Committee.

To the Superintendents and Presidents of the Young Metis Muttial Improvement Associations:

Dear Brethren:

We have carefully examined the report of the committee appointed at our last conference, and heartily endorse their action in preparing a form of Roll and Record book which we believe will generally meet the present requirements of the Associations. We trust, that as the principal officers, you will promptly adopt the form now prepared and forward to the

General Secretary, Brother Nephi W:

S3'A SSO CIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

Clayton, your apportionment of the means necessary to meet the expenses of publication, etc.

Your brethren in the Gospel, (Signed) Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith) Moses Thatcher, General Superintendence'.

NOTICE.

The Roll and Record Book adopted by the General Superintendency for the use of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations will be ready for distribution by September 20th.

The Superintendents should at once ascertain the number of Associations in their respective Stakes and send in orders for that many books, as it is particularly desirable that all of the Associations commence to use them at the beginning of the present season in October.

Associations in remote settlements, where there are no Stake officers appointed will receive copies of the Record book on application to the General Secretary.

It it expected that the contribution (of two dollars for each Association) to the general expense fund will accompany all orders for the Roll and Record Book.

This will enable us to meet present printing expenses and supply the general office with necessary means to defray current expenses of printing, stationary, postage etc.

All the Associations should be supplied with the book before the October Conference.

Address: Nephi W.

Clayton, Secretary.

Salt Lake City.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

i.

"Receive ye the Holy Ghost."A moment's reflection will show how improper it is to say, "receive ye the gift,"when we consider the gifts are various and are bestowed upon persons even as

He, the Spirit, will;

"unto one the word of wisdom, to another faith, to another the working of miracles,"etc.

1 Cor. xii.

2.

Charles F.

Hall, commander of the "Polaris"reached, through Davis Straits and Smith Sound, August 30, 1871, the highest north latitude attained up to that time.

One of the British expeditions since approached nearer the pole.

Morton one of the staff of the "Advance"under Dr. Elisha K. Kane, made a sledge journey from the ice bound vessel up Kennedy channel to Cape Independence, 81 ° north latitude, from which point he and Dr. Kane firmly believed he saw an open polar sea, and in the distance what appeared to be habitable land.

See "Arctic Explorations"by Dr. Kane.

The number of expeditions utterly lost depends on how "utterly"may be interpreted.

Besides Sir John Franklin's none of whose party returned, we do not remember of any so entirely unfortunate, but in nearly every effort to reach the pole, the usual story of disaster, failure, misery, suffering, loss of ships and outfit etc., has been repeated from the commencement of Arctic explorations, early in the century, to the fatality of the Jeannette last year.

3.

"And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the Saints which slept arose, and came out of the graves after His resurrection, and went into the holy city and appeared to many."Matt, xxvii.

5 2 > 53How long this resurrection lasted does not appear.

Of course Peter, James and John were resurrected and appeared in their bodies to Joseph and Oliver.

Moroni was also resurrected, an account thereof being given by revelation.

A guide in answering questions upon this subject is given in the principle taught by the Prophet Joseph.

That Spirits occupying their bodies ministered to embodied spirits, and spirits out of their bodies administered to the disembodied.

7. M. P.

4.

There does not appear to be on record any authoritative statement identifying Raphael with any of the personages of the Scriptures, but we understand that Enoch's voice was heard in declaring his dispensation and that the name Raphael there applies to him.

ADVERTlSEMi^'i'S.

JOHNSON ROTCK RE1PERS, RICHMOND MOWERS The Lightest Draft Machines in the Territory, and the Favorite on account of their Excellence and Low Price.

ROCK ISLAND FLOWS, STESL and CHILLED

SULKY RAKES, Hand and Self-Dump, C*t,&wm&L •WagowSb Sold from same yard by Lynch and

Cottrell.

Send for Price List and Circulars.

LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO DEALERS.

ie is FURNITURE Call on or Address -^..

T. JOHNSON, P. O. BOX B71, SATLT I.A.KJ2 CITY, -A_GKE3:tT,37S WANTED.

New and Second Hand, XnHIfX"CHEAP.

Call and see L P. SORBHSOI k C0M 16 MAIN ST.

3 Doors South of Temple Block.

Barra 12U25. 109.

!3!

IfAllt 3TCEK Salt Lake City, FURNITURE, Cornice anil Curtains, etc., Mattresses and Feathers, etc.

GENERAL UPHOLSTERY!

Children's Carriages and Bo*s'Waps, Office and Yabd.

Corner East of Theatre.

R. WARNOCK DEALS IX Newton Farm Wagons.

Johnson Wrought Iron Mowers, Hear Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Rear

Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Front

Cut.

Johnson Wrought Iron Reaper and Mower

Combined.

Johnson Continental Reaper, One

Wheel.

Weir Sulky and Hand Plows all sizes.

Steel and Cast Iron Shares for all sizes of Plows.

Sulky Hay Rakes different kinds.

Diamond Cultivators, Weir Harrows, and other Agricultural Implements.

All Implements warranted to be first class.

Send for price lists and circulars.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane Mills, James Lelfel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

FLASTEf^ OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS, BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS;

P.

0. Sos, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street,

Xo. 12:57 1st South St., N<->.

2nd South St rrvi7 JQ Proprietors.

Have always on hand the N IN SEASON.

POEK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOG1TA, And all kinds of DRIED ^v£E-A.TS.

All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

124 and 126 East Temple Street, Announce that they now receive the Largest and best Selected Stock of

Ever shown in this Market, Consisting of

MOSTLY OUR OWN IMPORTATION.

IS COMPLETE IN EVERY LINE.

mm m rm mods, co&sets, buttok, mi mmm BOOT Of Latest Design and Lowest Prices.

-A^TZD SHOE IDE^^-£i.RT2ivd:E2^^ ^X Ladies', Misses', Children's Shoes and Slippers, of best Makes, Gents'Boys'Boots, Gaiters, Alexis Ties, Ladies'Dolmans, Ulsters, Dusters, Suits of Latest Styles, Skirts and Underwear, at Popular Prices.

MILLINERY IN AL ITS BRANCHES, AT WHOLESALE ONLY.

and

ADVERTISEMENTS.

^ n M Violins, Accordeons, Buitars* Flutes, Banios, Brass nstaents, Drums, And;ill kinds of Jtln&lcal Instruments, Slaslr.

.

,">-(«•

I!ooEts« Strings and F'tiingw, AND Best and Cheapest at CARELESS'CROXALL'S MUSIC HOUSE, 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City.

sED^rr>:fo:r. catalogues.

d L- p. j^ARDY.

P.

J3. f^ARDY HARDY BROTHERS SUCCESSORS TO A.

ID.

VOLT3STC3-, DEALERS IN U[U IIS IU 2© <Ss 23 Ziv£a,in Street, Opposite

J3. C 2*£.

I.

P SALT LAKE CITY, I JaSV'Jj Wholesale and Eetail Dealer in

Soots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, ktd d s * General BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES, P. 0. BOX. 352.

S.

I3. TEASDEL, East Temple Street HOWARD SEBKEE, AT S^JTJT Xj-A-ZKIE ^lITD'OGKOIEIfcT, TTT^.X-H:, SELLS TDK n y gi The Best in the Market.

Also the Champion Reapers and Mowers- A Hull stoclc of tin celebrated Bain Wagons.

Racine Spring Wagons can't be excelledOliver Chilled and Moline Plows- m* AJ4, CP4)H3 WARRANTED.

SEND F«R PRICE LIST.?.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

C. H, L *Z5w The Leading This Institution carries in its Immense Stock

Complete Lines of GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

Mercantile CARPETS.

BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and

Inspect our goods.

in the Wei ffi/^ *>\ SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, f 'WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent?

Steel Engraving—OF GEORGE A. SMITH.

Orders will be received for a few proof copies of this Elegant Engraving, which is to

Illustrate the Biography of President Smith IN THE OF THE COVTSt(9T0B« I3ST SOLID WALNUT FRAMES, OP S3. 00 A PAIR.

AJT CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

I u nghs WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOODS AND HOTIQHS, GROCERIES, WOODENWARE, and TINWARE,

CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE, STOVES, GLASS, ETC., ETC, -•--• -^»—»"-»- Our Stock is larger than ever and cannot be excelled by any house west of the Quality and Prices Guaranteed to Give Satisfaction.

ORDERS BY MAIL SOLICITED.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS.

Emporium Buildings, Salt Lake City, Utah.