vol. iv.

j ULY, 1883, N°- ia The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE MJ(Tjn BUTDR A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OP THE LATTER DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, TTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1883.

PAGE.

Jedediah M. Grant.

IV Territorial Government.

IV % M. Tanner 36^ "Hail Columbia""James Parton, in Youth's Companion Sermons and Writings of the Prophets.

X.

Epistle from Liberty Jail Joseph Smith The Modoc W ar J. H, Ward At Constant! ne The Echo Canyon War, V Vaux Seal Islands of Alaska No Secrets Peter Cooper Cutting Hair A Poem James H. Bart Editorial:

An Effect of Disfranchisement.....

Sir John Franklin Selected George A. Smith.

VIII.

Death and Character Publications Received i) CLOTHING, B00TS;

SHOES, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

VOL. I, OF THE "^*0 PRICE i$2 SO.

Which has been out of print for several months, will be re-issued before Oct. 1st.

ORDERS NOW TAKEN FOR 17.

PRICE, BOUND, $2.50.

ufUn 97A8ESQUSI, ^®i Opposite Z.

C. M.

1L. ID, &z ^. "3TOTT2T<3- OOTS *«° SHOE 44 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

Greo.

A.. Lowe, SALT LAKE CITY and.

OGDEN, UTAH, -GENERAL AGENT FOKAND DEALER IV

Open Buggies, Top Buggies and Phaetons, Spring Wagons and Road Carts.

HEADQUARTERS FOR A Large Assortment which will be Sold at very low

Prices.

i Of all kinds and having the latest Improvements, among which are the following novelties:

The Foust Ha$ loader, The Champion Ijatj Richer and Loader, Ijorsc Hatj Forks and Carriers, AND THE CELEBRATED Centrifugal Irrigating- (Pump,

Fjuekeye Reapers and Jfioxwrs,

Sweepstakes and Jdinnescta Chief Threshers, garbed Fence Wire, (Xederiok Hay (Presses and Hoisting- Engines,

Steam Eng ines, Saw J&ills, Flour JVLills, Wood Working JAaahinery of all kinds,

Leffel Turbine Wheels, Knowles (Pumps.

CALL AND SEE THEM, OR WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS-

WM. JENNINGS, AARON FARR Supenntandent.

gj Manager.

•se;«9t'WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

QFFE23 A FULL LINE 07 General <I)ei^ghandise,|*<~ WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CITY.

AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

JIEfl'j5, Y6UTPS'fl]M) B6¥g'CIiOTJHNG.

"CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK,"AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY.

INK, ETC.

j±. l7williams, AGENT FOR PUASAHT 7A1UY COAL DELIVERED $6 50 PER TON.

ALL GRADES. LOWEST PRICES.

OFFICE.

127 MAIN ST., NEXT TO BARRATT BROS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, G^/va 1S37 First South 8treet,c^f2 Jf^be ^itoqljs on fy^d% Sijoieesi of ftfe^fe ty §c^o»)

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^'f^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS j«3Zi Orders entrusted to our Care promptly (Delivered.

THE CONTRIBUTOR

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. IV.

JULY,. 1883.

No. ro~ JEDP2DIAH M. GRANT.

IV.

The Nezv York Herald letters, after creating a considerable sensation in the great cities and doing most effectual work in Washington, were printed in pamphlet form and widely circulated in the East. A highly characteristic feature of this pamphlet was the introduction of pungent proverbs as head and foot lines on each page, in black type, which were selected with singular discernment for their appropriate relation to the text as well as for their fine humor and superior sense.

The following are extracted from the great variety which adorn the fifty pages, two on a page:

"As vinegar to the teeth and as smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to them that send him.""Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass?

Their eyes did fail, because there was no grass.""Go out for wool, come home shorn.""Fools reflect, but always after their folly?""And the faulty scent is picked up by the hound And the fact turns up like a worm from the ground.

And the sow that is aught by the ear is caught, And the sin to the sinful door is brought.""He loved mutton well that licked where the ewe lay.""He should sit close that has riven breeks.""Rush bellowing and breathing fire and smoke, At crippled papistry to butt artdl poke, Exactly as a skittish Scottish bull Hunts an old woman in a scarlet cloak.""No solemn, sanctimonious face

I puIJr Nor think I'm pious, when Fm only bilious.""First the work gives credit to the workman, Then the workman gives credit te the work.""Laws catch flies, and let hornets g» free."The career of Brocchus and the inflaence he exercised over his compeers rsr office, his ambition to become Delegate to Congress and what came of it, arsd the review of his speech at Conference;,, are told so aptly in the letters, that we are induced to make the following extract:

"This day, arrived out from the States',,

Mr. P. E. Brocchus, and in one short sra:

weeks after that this man stayed among us, he was the means of stirring up aTI the evil report that we have had since to.

encounter.

"Brocchus, as far as I have been able to find anything about him, I make o«f to be one of those characters that It would be difficult to examine or educate anywhere out of the District of Columbia.

Their description is that of theWashington maid-of-all-work—that is,, dirty work. Having the Directory of the cellars and garrets by heart—being the very men to show new 'M.

C's'the fashions, after dark-—quick-smell feasts^ long-suffering chamberers—knowing all

JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

the 'convenient'people;—lobbying as only those men can who have nothingelse to do—always ready to hold big men's horses, and willing to blow their noses all day in the waiting room for the chance—they live on the broken victuals of big and little kitchen cabinets, till they come at last by their chance of boning the mutton joint, which they devour in the face of the poor they have defrauded of it.

"Of such came out to us from Alabama, via Washington, nearly one year after we were made a Territory by law, our second Associate Judge.

To our people at Kanesville, where he stopped for other purposes than outfitting, he proclaimed his intention of running as Delegate to Congress.

He provided intoxicating liquors gratuitously to those in his company who would listen to his discourse on this subject.

He said it was his only purpose in going out to Utah;

and that, his election secured, he should return at once.

He alluded darkly to dangers impending over us at Washington, that only he could avert, and declared that he had come out to enable him to be our savior.

Thus he spoke and electioneered with the people of the train till he met a return company, who conveyed the intelligence to the States of the election of Dr. John M. Bernhisel.

His tone then changed.

As soon as he arrived, he announced his intention of returning to the States.

He said he was sick, and supported the character in the eyes of his fellow-lodgers by eating enormously,without taking any out-door exercise. He was hale and busy enough, to our cost.

He must have obtained his influence over the others almost immediately after his arrival.

They soon removed to the boarding-house in which he was quartered, and there, evidently, as we think we can see now, concerted their schemes and courses of molestation and mischief.

We heard now distinctly more of discontent and dissatisfaction, and more of the insufficient compensation and the rest.

We could do nothing ourselves; but a petition to Congress having been drawn up, asking an increase of their salaries, the Governor headed it, and sent it off by Dr.

Bernhisel, on the ist of September.

Of much avail, was it!

Within the week after, there followed the proceedings I am now going to describe.

They had not their connected appearance at the time, but we have been at no loss to understand their bearing since.

"One day Brocchus reminded the Governor that he was going away very soon, and asked him to do him the favor of procuring him as large an audience of the people as possible, as he was very anxious to set before them, in style, the claims of the Washington monument fund.

I do not know how he made out his case, but as he was always specious and smiling, the Governor, willing to show him a pleasure, said, 'I will invite you, sir, to speak at our approaching Conference.

It is a religious meeting, I suppose you are aware; but I wish well to your cause.'One of the first buildings we ever raised at Salt Lake was our

Bowery, or gallery of rough timber and wattles, for public assemblies.

Around it then was all naked ground, though it now stands in the heart of the business part of the city.

Our semi-annual conferences have always met in it;

our P'all one assembling here by stated appointment, September the 6th.

At its opening day, a handsome representation of the people from all quarters being in attendance, Governor Young took the first opportunity of fulfilling his promise.

'I was respectfully and honorably introduced,'says the published statement of Judge Brocchus.

"This individual, I take it, is one of those who, by reason of a certain fluency and custom of easy rambling from subject to subject, spreading themselves out over all they have ever had a thought upon, are able to acquit themselves quite creditably in a conversation or brief friendly letter; while they break down miserably if called on for a speech or essay upon a continuous subject, which exposes in them the defects of their early education, their habitually loose texture of thought, and their want of connected views and consistent principles of any kind.

Such creatures fre-

JEDEDIAH M GRANT.

quently pass through the world without being voted ignoramus or lack-wit, and so with some yet may this unsteady creature Brocchus.

"I make this remark,because I am certain no one of his acquaintance at Salt Lake City was prepared for such a speech as he made on this occasion.

In its way it beat Brandebury's shirt.

I would give a hundred dollars for the sake of our cause, to have had a phonographer to take down the stupendous effort.

I can only now profess to remember a few points of it, recalled to my memory by the use that has been made of them since.

He began by stating that he had read our history with deep interest, particularly that part relating to our sufferings in Winter Quarters, on the Missouri River, during the severe winter of '47.

'I intended to have visited Winter Quarters,'he said, 'but, alas, was not able.

A friend of mine brought me these flowers; here they are:

it is all I can present you of that sainted place!'

At this sympathetic display he forced a tear, and, the careless observer would have said, wiped it from his cheek, but Deseret eyes saw the handkerchief pass to the right and left, while the tear remained on the cheek by an overcast of the head.

His reception. was next referred to.

'I was a stranger and you took me in; sick and you visited me,'etc.

'Even a kind lady brushed the flies from my forehead;

her kindness I can never forget.'Another tear was forthcoming, and wiped as before.

Twenty minutes of this sort of thing quite naturally introduced the consideration of his personal merits.

In the course of an able and flattering autobiography, he displayed all his advantages of experience and public service in important imaginary capacities.

His appointment by his Excellency the President of the United States was enough to show what kind of a man he was.

The President being a virtuous man could appoint none but a virtuous man like himself; he (Brocchus) being virtuous, therefore like'the President, received his appointment.

By this argument he refuted any vile calumnies from the States that he said might have pursued his private character.

After this, in a style half school-book, half fourth of July, came up Anthony (!) Putnam, the Revolutionary War, and General Washington, who was declared a greater man than Napoleon and all his generals, and only to be compared to President Taylor.

Putnam he got at Bunker Hill, but Washington at Burgoyne's, probably

Braddock's, defeat.

'Behold him!'he cried, on his white horse at the battle of Yorktown, proudly careering on his white charger over the prostrate bodies of his country's enemies.

This sort of thing took up an hour more, by which the patience of the company was pretty nearly worn out, though they remained quiet.

'For more than two hours,'he writes, 'I was favored with the unwavering attention of my audience.'

But a changed tone then came on him, with a change of subject.

He began a studied assault upon his introducer, Governor Young, and an argument to the people against allowing the man so much influence as he possessed, the sum of it being that so long as this continued we could have no party divisions, and without party divisions we could not be a worthy object of the notice or favor of politicians.

Soon, however, he found he could do nothing on this head.

'Oh, ladies, sweet ladies,'he cried, 'why do you 'go in'for such a man?

Your smiles should be turned on the contemplation of men who can handle the sword—George Washington, and Zachary Taylor, the second

Washington.

Oh, Governor Young can't handle the sword Even such soft appeals as this were thrown away.

From bad to worse, disapprobation rose till the orator was groaned.

He tried a few insinuations more, and was groaned again, groaned with a will.

At this, instead of taking his seat, he changed his ground, and made a direct and undisguised attack upon the audience itself, men and women, without distinction, accusing them of want of patriotism and attachment to the laws, and reproaching and insulting them to their face.

General D. H. Wells, of Illinois, an impulsive and hot spoken man, but I

JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

am bound to say one of our most liberal and public-spirited citizens, had delivered an oration on the 24th of July, severely condemning the course of the federal government towards us.

Producing an imperfect report of this speech and commenting on it, Brocchus proceeded to attribute its sentiments to the people, and make them answerable for it, thereupon threatening them with destruction by the whole army and navy of the United States.

In the same way he brought up remarks of Governor Young upon General Taylor, threatening the people with destruction for them also, and declaring that his (Broochus's) influence should break him from office the instant he arrived in Washington.

Finally, the women hissing him here, he mentioned Washington, for the first time, in connection with the monument, and as if merely incidentally. 'It reminds me, by the way,'he said, 'that I have a commission from the Washington Monument Association, to ask of you (the ladies) a block of marble, as the test of your citizenship and loyalty to the government of the United States.

But in order for you to do it acceptably,'you must become virtuous, and teach your daughters to become virtuous, or your offering had better remain in the bosom of your native mountains.'"At this climax of insult, the meeting rose as one man, and their cries and uproar compelled the speaker to take his seat. The tumult continuing, we looked to the other officers of the United States, who had been invited to the stand, to reply;

but, as they failed to do so, the Governor, being loudly called for, rose and spoke in substance (for I cannot imitate or remember successfully his peculiar style), as follows: 'But for this man's personalities, I would be ashamed not to leave him to be answered by some of our small spouters sticks of his own timber.

Such an orator, I should suppose, might be made by down-east patent, with Comstock's phonetics and elocution primers;

but, I ask you all, have we ever before listened to such trash and nonsense from this stand?

Are you a judge,'he said, turning to him, 'and can't even talk like a lawyer, or a politician, and havn't read an American school history?

Be ashamed, you illiterate ranter,'said he, 'not to know your Washington better than to praise him for being a mere brutal warrior.

George Washington was called first in war; but he was first in peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen.

He had a big head and a great heart.

Of course he could fight.

But, Lord! what man can't?

What man here will dare to say, with women standing by, that he is a bit more a coward than Washington was?

Handle the sword I can handle a sword as well as George Washington.

I'd be ashamed to say I couldn't.

But you, standing there, white and shaking now, at the hornet's nest you have stirred up yourself—you are a coward, and that is why you have cause to praise men that are not, and why you praise Zachary Taylor.

President Taylor you can't praise—you find nothing in him.

Old General Taylor what was.

he?

A mere soldier, with regular army buttons on; no better to go at the head of brave troops than a dozen I could pick up between Leavenworth and Laramie.

And, for one, I'll not have Washington insulted by having him compared to Taylor, for a single breath of speech.

No, nor what is more, President and General Andrew Jackson crowed down and forgotten, while I am with this people—even if I did not know that one is in one place (of punishment), and the other in another (of reward).'

Brigham Young spoke this out of his knowledge by the priesthood.""After defining very fully his views after this wise, the Governor concluded,

I remember, about as follows: 'What you have not been afraid to intimate about our morals, I will not stoop to notice, except to make my particular personal request of every brother and husband present, not to give your back what such impudence deserves. You talk of things 'you have on hearsay,'since your coming among us.

I'll talk of hearsay, then—the hearsay that you are discontented and will go home, because we cannot make it worth your while to stay.

TERRITORIAL GO J ERNMENT.

What it would satisfy you to get out of us I think it would be hard to tell; but I am sure it is more than you'll get.

If you or anyone else is such a baby-calf, -we must sugar your soap to coax you to 'Wash yourself of Saturday nights:

go home to mammy, straightway, and the sooner the better!'The Human Heart.—The human body is so full of structural wonders that the science of physiology is one of the most delightful of studies.

Take, for instance, the heart.

With each stroke it projects about six ounces of blood into the conduits of the system, and as it •does so some seventy times every minute and four thousand times in an hour, this implies that it does the same thing one hundred thousand eight hundred times in twenty-four hours, thirty million times in a year, and more than two billion five hundred million times in a lifetime of seventy years.

The force it exerts is sufficient to lift one hundred and twenty tons one foot high every twenty-four hours.

Yet the piece of living mechanism that is called upon to do this, and do it without a pause for three score years and ten, without being itself worn out by the effort, is a small bundle of flesh that rarely weighs more than eleven ounces.

It is in the nature of the case, also, it must be remembered, that this little vital machine cannot be at any time stopped for repair.

If it gets out of order.it must be set right as it runs..

To stop the beating of the heart for more than the briefest interval, would be to change life into death.

TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.

To form a proper conception of the importance which Territories have assumed and also nations, it is first necessary to understand the elements of their growth or how their institutions became sound and healthy.

It is common in speaking of man to refer to the periods of his life which are frequently designated as youth, manhood, maturity and old age.

As these periods exist in the individual, so may we expect to find them in man, taken collectively or more definitely the nation.

The growth of the people or Territory is here taken up;

first, because it is desired that the reader understand the policy of the founders of the Territory and leaders of the people;

and second, to show that many of the charges brought against the people of Utah are not only false, but bear the stamp of ignorance respecting the laws of national growth. Our government will as surely be the outgrowth of our social systems as those of all nations;

and where it is urged that our social systems must conform with those of the States and Territories, it means first, that we must surrrender our religion;

and second, that our government must change in spirit, if not in the letter:

i.

<?., political-turmoil must seize and corrupt the populace and personal interest sway the masses just as it always has in all republics.

The theory of our government, or at least a very good one, is that of local self-government, the only one which protects the systems of men that must vary with nationality, religion and other conditions which a nation so complex in its population as our own is subject to.

Three nations of antiquity became famous for worldly powers and notorious for having ruled the world—Persia,

Greece and Rome.

Any one of these may serve as an example of national growth.

In Greece, the physical and moral preceded the intellectual, and Grecian character, to be understood, must be studied in its earliest processes of development.

The historian points you to the Spartan boy, his training and capacity for endurance, to the Athenian, whose intellectual attainments far sur-

TERRITORIAL GO I ERNMENT.

passed those of his Lacedaemonian neighbor, and whose physical training was not less cared for.

The Grecians, for a time, controlled the moral sentitiments and actions of the people with

Draconic severity.

I point to the circumstances of history to show that the people of Utah have so had their lives and affairs controlled as to make them a nation foremost among the governments of the earth.

We must first develop physically and morally, and our high sense of honor and virtue 'must be the goal of the future that awaits the development of our political institutions.

That education should be our first consideration, that the wisdom of the world, with all its fallacies, should be sought as the highest attainment and surest way to prosperity, I deny.

It is not unfrequently that the people of Utah are charged with gross ignorance, that our leaders are charged with indifference towards the education of the youth, when the fact is they comprehend the manner and methods by which the progress of our institutions may be made permanent.

While they urge the acquisition of mental attainments, they persistently guard the vital and fundamental sources of national growth—the purity and morals of the people.

Take from our present system of education its train of physical and moral attendants, and you make it selfish in its aim and its possessor unscrupulous in the use of it.

The golden age of learning in Rome was its rotten age in politics; and why?

Because the virtues that had attended Roman character, in its rise and development, were no longer the companions of learning; and education meant individual aggrandizement, a principle no less extant to-day, and a principle just as damning to the political circles of our own great nation.

Governments, despotic or liberal, correspond more with the moral than the intellectual conditions of the people;

and where nations have passed a higher form of government than their virtues could maintain, they have fallen into a condition more debasing from the heights of a republic than from the table land of a monarchy.

Well might Judge Black exclaim before the House Judiciary Committee:

"If you are not satisfied with a free constitution, honestly obeyed, give us a despotism, but save us from a rotten republic if you can."

Men* are wont to cry, Give us learning! give us books! when they are sloth to cry, Give us morals and increase our virtues!

Why, the circumstances of our persecution, the hardships of hunger and endurance have been patent factors in the growth of this people and have protected them from the gluttonous lives of thousands

The hardy and well-developed men and women that yearly receive the Gospel and unite in the propagation of this people, are the founders of a race unparalleled in the world, a fact important to the future of this Territory.

Just so long and so far as we disassociate the principles that have made us what we are with our systems of education, to that extent will we fall from the grace of

God's goodness exemplified in every national virtue.

The accomplishments which our inveterate foes deride us for not possessing do not belong to the infancy of a people, neither does history so indicate.

How ridiculous it would appear to hear it urged that a people colonizing a new country should manifest their enterprise by starting silk factories, iron foundries and machine shops.

It will occur to every reasonable man that there is a regular and natural order of advancement, and that these enterprises belongto an older and more densely populated community. We would feel assured that if the colonists should open their silk factory, that they would not be able to sustain it, and consequently be forced to desist and redirect their labors according to the natural order of things.

Now I wish to show by this that if the people of the United States have adopted a government in advance of the principles referred to, as belonging to the genuine growth of a nation, they must go back and recommence their work on the principles ordained of God for the welfare and endurance of nations, or hand it

TERRITORIAL GO I ERNMENT.

$7 over to a people qualified by adherence to the laws of integrity and virtue.

A nation can no more indulge national weaknesses and avoid calamity, than the individual man can indulge his passions and escape sin.

To defend my position against those who are prone to argue that the future of our Territory and territorial government depend upon the education of the people for its strength and advancement, I take the liberty here to quote from an interview between Herbert Spencer and a reporter of the American press:

"Reporter.—But will not education and the diffusion of political knowledge fit men for free institutions?""Mr.

Spencer.—No.

It is essentially a question of character, and only in a secondary degree a question of knowledge.

But for the universal delusion 'about education as a panacea for political evils, this would have been sufficiently clear by the evidence daily disclosed in your papers.

Are not the men who officer and control your Federal, State and municipal organizations—who manipulate your caucuses and conventions, and run your partisan campaigns all educated men, and has their education prevented them from engaging in, or permitting, or condoning the briberies, lobbyings and other corrupt methods which vitiate the actions of administrations?

Perhaps party newspapers exaggerate these things; but what am I to make of your civil service reformers men of all parties?

If I understand the matter aright, they are attacking, as vicious and dangerous, a system which has grown up under the natural spontaneous working up of your free institutions—are exposing vices which education is powerless to prevent.

The benefits of political purity are so general and remote, and the profit to each individual so inconspicuous, that the common citizen, educate him as you like, will habitually occupy himself with his personal affairs, and hold it not worth his while to fight against each abuse as soon as it appears.

Not lack of information, but lack of certain moral sentiments is the root of the evil."

Historical ividence will also strengthen the assertion made by Mr. Spencer:

To every student of history no national characteristic^ is more clearly defined than English character in matters of government.

Through her history political institutions are traced in nearly every form, and change from an absolute to a limited monarchy, the best in the world.

Whatever other characteristics distinguish other countries, the comparatively successful development of political institutions belongs to England; but no one will insist that England has made any great progress in education, or that until recently it was any part of a national system.

Of eighty-three thousand children in Birmingham, in 1840, only twenty-six thousand attended school.

Of ninety thousand in Liverpool, but thirty thousand had school advantages.

The lack of education, colleges and universities did not produce a corresponding lack in the advance of politics.

On the other hand, Germany, whose government evinces no such progress and importance as that of England, became at a very early date pre-eminent for its educational institutions.

From 1348 to i648,thirty-five universities were founded in Germany.

During the sixteenth century, eminent critics and grammarians arose, and to-day the school system of Germany is one of the very best in the world.

If the systems of the people of the Territory are conducive to good morals, and if the systems are preserved with great vigilance, a solid foundation is laid.

Our systems have made us, and our systems will preserve us.

No nation or people ever fell from greatness until they had abandoned the elements of their growth.

J. M.

Tanner.

Nothing is so reasonable and cheap as good manners.

Don Quixote.

Discontent is the want of self-reliance;

it is infirmity of will.

Emerson.

Inquisitive people are the funnels of conversation.

They do not take in anything for their own use, but merely to pass it to another.

Sir R. Steele.

"HAIL COLUMBIA.''HAIL COLUMBIA."There is a story or two about "Hail Columbia"which some readers may not

Jiave heard.

Neither the words nor the oimisic of the song can be highly praised, 2>ut we all know that when the patriotic •feeling of an assembly is roused, if a persmn will only come forward and say, "Be3iold the Flag of our Union!"the audience will burst into cheers.

I have been present T*hen Senator Hoar, of Massachusetts, iy a happy allusion to his seeing the flag <of the United States in a foreign land, excited a large assembly to a degree that was almost painful.

Young men injured their hands by clapping, and tears glistened in many eyes.

*'Hail Columbia"was written in the summer of 179S, at a moment when the

United States seemed about to be drawn 5nto a war with France, their old ally and iriend.

The American envoys sent out ~by President Adams, with no other -object than to restore a good understanding, were thought to have been grossly insulted by France.

An army and navy were in preparation.

Gen.

Washington had accepted the chief command, with Alexander Hamilton as!>is second, and nothing was thought of i>ut impending war.

A vocalist by the name of Fox was about to have a benefit in Philadelphia, and owing"to the excitement that prevailed, the prospect of a good attendance was not encouraging.

His benefit ^vas announced for a Monday evening, and it was only on the Saturday previous that he had an idea for "drawing a house."

One of his school-fellows, Joseph Hopliinson, son of a distinguished father, had. become himself a man of note in the intellectual circles of Philadelphia society.

He was Vice-President of the -American Philosophical Society, founded

T*y Dr. Franklin, and presided over by Thomas Jefferson.

He was President of the Academy of Fine Arts, and was somewhat noted for his poetical effusions.

The vocalist, in his extremity, went to liis old school friend and told him that ie had little chance of a paying audience unless he could announce something new and striking in the way of a patriotic song, a piece that could be sung by the whole company to an easy or familiar tune, like the "President's March."He added that the poets of the company had been trying to produce the required song, but had been unable to accomplish it.

"I will try what I can do for you,"said Hopkinson.

The vocalist called the next afternoon, when the words were ready for him, and he took them at once to a musician ot the theatre, who selected and adapted to them an old and easy air.

On Monday morning the song was announced in the newspapers and diligently rehearsed upon the stage.

A crowded, house rewarded the efforts of the singer and the poet, and the song was received with the greatest enthusiasm.

The words and music were at once published, and the piece was sung at every patriotic gathering during that period of excitement.

A particular circumstance added to its popularity, and was, perhaps, the true cause of its remaining for forty years not merely the favorite national song, but the only composition that could be fairly called by that name.

During the first years of the revolutionary movement in France—from 17S9 to the execution of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette in 1793—its progress was watched in America with an enthusiastic approval of which we can now scarcely form an idea.

But the cruel and needless execution of the

King and Queen checked the enthusiasm and soon divided the country into two parties on the subject, one defending, the other execrating, the conduct of the

Revolutionary leaders.

At the height of the first excitement, while even the placid Washington was still in sympathy with the people of France, a manager in Philadelphia revived Addison's famous old tragedy of

Cato.

Before the play began, the curtain rose, and the whole company of actors, arranged in a semi-circle upon the

"HAIL COLUMBIA."stage, sang the national hymn of France, "La Marseillaise,"a new composition then.

The audience sprang to their feet and joined in the chorus.

The house presented a scene of excitement, without previous parallel in the staid city of Penn and Franklin.

At the end of the first act of the tragedy, the audience called for a repetition of the inspiring song.

It was given as before, the people joining wildly in the chorus.

At the end of every act the "Marseillaise"was demanded and repeated.

It seemed as if the people could not get enough of it.

Even upon us, who have been familiar with it from childhood, this wonderful song has an effect unlike that of any other.

The next evening, and every evening, as soon as the musicians came into the orchestra, the cry arose all over the house for La Marseillaise.

It was of no use to resist, for the people would listen to no other music.

Generally the audience, or some part of it, would catch the spirit of the piece, and thunder out the chorus.

It grew into a custom, and for three or four years the piece was sung every night.

But, as the- guillotine in Paris quickened its activity, the enthusiasm of audiences abated.

One night, during the patriotic fervor of 1798, soon after the arrival of ill news from France, one man, upon hearing the usual faint demand for the "Marseillaise,"ventured to dissent by hissing.

At once, the whole audience joined in one decisive and overwhelming hiss.

The "Marseillaise"was not played, and was never played again.

It was at this time that the new song of "Hail Columbia"made its great hit at the benefit of a favorite vocalist.

Never was a composition better timed;

It immediately took the place of the banished "Marseillaise,"and continued to be sung, as a rule, in all the places of amusement of the United States, until about the year 1840.

I can well remember myself when the introductory music was usually presented in the following order:

An overture, followed by "Hail Columbia,"played several times, and then "Yankee Doodle."Joseph Hopkinson died at Philadelphia in 1842, aged seventy-two years. A few months before his death, he placed on record the facts given above, and added: "The object of the author was to get up an American spirit, which should be independent of, and above, the interest, passion and policy of both belligerents, and look and feel exclusively for our honor and rights.

No allusion is made to France or England, or the quarrel between them, or to the question which was most in fault in the treatment of us;

of course, the song found favor with both parties, for both were American; at least, neither could disown the sentiments and feelings it indicated."The following are the words of the song, as originally written in Philadelphia in 1798:

Hail Columbia.

1.

Hail Columbia, happy land Hail ye heroes Heaven-born band Who fought and bled in Freedom's cause,

Who fought and bled in Freedom's cause,

And when the storm of war was gone,

Enjoyed. the peace your valor won.

Let independence be your boast,

Ever mindful what it cost;

Ever grateful for the prize, Let its altar reach the skies.

Firm—united—let vis be, Rallying round. our Liberty;

As a band of brothers joined, Peace and safety we shall find.

II.

Immortal patriots rise once more Defend our rights, defend our shore

Let no rude foe with impious hand,

Let no rude foe with impious hand,

Invade the shrine where sacred lies,

Of toil and blood the well earned prize

While offering peace sincere and just,

In Heaven we place a manly trust

That truth and justice may prevail

And every scheme of bondage fail.

Firm—united—let us be, etc.

Sound, sound the trump of Fame!

Let Washington's great name Ring through the world with loud applause;

Ring through the world with loud applause;

Let every clime to Freedom dear

Listen with joyful ear;

37o SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

With equal skill and godlike power

He governs in the fearful hour

Of horrid war or guides with ease The happier times of honest peace.

Firm—united—let us be, etc.

IV.

Behold the Chief who now commands,

Once more to serve his country stands

The rock on which the storm will beat,

The rock on which the storm will beat,

But armed in virtue firm and true, His hopes are fixed on Heaven and you.

When hope was sinking in dismay,

And gloom obscured Columbia's day,

His steady mind, from changes free,

Resolved on death or liberty.

Firm—united—let us be, etc.

After reading the song, the reader will not be disposed to regret that "Hail Columbia"can no longer claim the distinction of being a national song of the

United States.—James Parton, in Youth's

Companion.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

EPISTLE FROM LIBERTY JAIL.—I.

At the request of a number of readers we have consented to publish under this heading the letters of President Joseph Smith and his fellow prisoners, which were addressed to Bishop Partridge and the Church generally from the jail in which they were imprisoned at the time.

Liberty Jail, Clay County, Missouri,

March 20, 1839.

To the Church of Latter-day Saints at Ouincy, Illinois, and scattered abroad, and to Bishop Partridge in particular:

Your humble servant, Joseph Smith, junior, prisoner for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the Saints taken and held by the power of mobocracy, under the exterminating reign of His Excellency, the Governor, Lilburn W.

Boggs, in company with his fellow prisoners and beloved brethren, Caleb Baldwin, Lyman Wight, Hyrum Smith, and Alexander McRae, send unto you all greeting: May the grace of God the

Father, and of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, rest upon you all, and abide with you forever.

May knowledge be multiplied unto you by the mercy of God.

And may faith, and virtue, and knowledge, and temperance, and patience, and godliness, and brotherly kindness, and charity, be in you and abound, that you may not be barren in anything, nor unfruitful.

Forasmuch as we know that the most of you are well acquainted with the wrongs and the high-toned justice and cruelty that is practiced upon us; whereas we have been taken prisoners, charged falsely with every kind of evil, and thrown into prison, inclosed with strong walls, surrounded with a strong guard, who continually watch day and night as indefatigable as the devil is in tempting and laying snares for the people of God:

Therefore, dearly beloved brethren, we are the more ready and willing to lay claim to your fellowship and love.

For our circumstances are calculated to awaken our spirits to a sacred remembrance of everything, and we think that yours are also, and that nothing therefore can separate us from the love of God and fellowship one with another;

and that the very species of wickedness and cruelty practiced upon us will only tend to bind our hearts together and seal them together in love.

We have no need to say to you, that we are held in bonds without cause, neither is it needful that you say unto us, we are driven from our homes and smitten without cause.

We mutually understand that if the inhabitants of the state of Missouri had let the Saints alone, and had been as desirable of peace as they were, there would have been nothing but peace and quietude in this state unto this day; we should not have been in this hell, surrounded with demons (if not those who are damned, they are those who shall be damned), and where we are compelled to hear nothing but bias-

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

phemous oaths, and witness a scene of blasphemy, and drunkenness, and hypocrisy, and debaucheries of every description.

Again the cries of orphans and widows would not have ascended up to God against them.

It would not have stained the soil of Missouri.

But O, the unrelenting hand, the inhumanity and murderous disposition of this people!

It shocks all nature;

it beggars and defies all description;

it is a tale of woe;

a lementable tale;

yea a sorrowful tale;

too much to tell;

too much for contemplation; too much to think of for a moment;

too much for human beings;

it cannot be found among the heathen;

it cannot be found among the nations where kings and tyrants are enthroned;

it cannot be found among the savages of the wilderness; yea, and I think it cannot be found among the wild and ferocious beasts of the forest—that a man should be mangled for sport;

women be robbed of all that they have—their last morsel for subsistence, and then be violated to gratify the hellish desires of the mob, and finally left to perish, with their helpless offspring clinging around their necks.

But this is not all.

After a man is dead, he must be dug up from his grave, and mangled to pieces, for no other purpose than to gratify their spleen against the religion of God.

They practice these things upon the Saints, who have done them no wrong, who are innocent and virtuous;

who loved the Lord their God, and were willing to forsake all things for Christ's sake.

These things are awful to relate, but they are verily true.

It must needs be that offences come, but woe unto them by whom they come.

O God! where art thou?

And where is the pavilion that covereth thy hiding place?

How long shall thy hand be stayed, and thine eye, yea thy pure eye, behold from the eternal heavens, the wrongs of thy people, and of thy servants, and thine ear be penetrated with their cries?

Yea, O Lord, how long shall they suffer these wrongs and unlawful oppressions, before thine heart shall be softened towards them, and thy bowels be moved with compassion towards them?

O Lord God Almighty, Maker of Heaven, Earth, and Seas, and of all things that in them is, and who controlled!

and subjecteth the devil, and the dark and benighted dominion of Shayole!

Stretch forth thy hand^ let thine eye pierce;

let thy pavilion be taken up;

let thy hiding place no longer be covered;

let thine ear be inclined;

let thine heart be softened,, and thy bowels moved with compassion towards us;

let thine anger be kindled against our enemies;

and in the fury of thine heart, with thy sword avenge us of our wrongs;

remember thy suffering Saints, O our God!

and thy servants will rejoice in thy name forever.

Dearly and beloved brethren, we see that perilous times have come, as was testified of. We may look, then, with most perfect assurance, for the rolling in of all those things that have been written, and with more confidence than ever before, lift up our eyes to the luminary of day, and say in our hearts, Soon thou wilt vail thy blushing face.

He that said, "Let there be light,"and there was light; hath spoken this word.

And again, Thou moon, thou dimmer light; thou luminary of night, shalt turn to blood.

We see that everything is fulfilling;

and the time shall soon come, when the

Son of Man shall descend in the clouds of heaven.

Our hearts do not shrink, neither are our spirits altogether broken, at the grievous yoke which is put upon us. We know that God will have our 'oppressors in derision;

that he may laugh at their calamity, and mock when their fear cometh.

O that we could be with you, brethren, and unbosom our feelings to you.

We would tell, that we should have been liberated at the time Elder - Rigdon was, on the writ of habeas corpus, had not our own lawyers interpreted the law, contrary to what it reads, against us; which prevented us from introducing our evidence before the mock court.

They have done us much harm

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

from the beginning.

They have of late acknowledged that the law was misconstrued, and tantalized our feelings with it, and have entirely forsaken us, and have forfeited their oaths, and their bonds; and we have to come back on them, for they are co-workers with the mob.

As near as we can learn, the public mind has been for a long time turning in our favor, and the majority is now friendly; and the lawyers can no longer browbeat us by saying that this or that is a matter of public opinion, for public opinion is not willing to brook it;

for it is beginning to look with feelings of indignation against our oppressors, and to say that the "Mormons"were not in the fault in the least. We think that Truth, Honor, Virtue, and Innocence will eventually come out triumphant.

We should have taken a habeas corpus before the High Judge and escaped the mob in a summary way;

but unfortunately for us, the timber of the wall "being very hard, our auger handles gave out, and hindered us longer than we expected;

we applied to a friend, and a very slight incautious act gave rise to some suspicions, and before we could fully succeed, our plan was discovered; we had every thing in readiness, but the last stone, and we could have made our escape in one minute, and should have succeeded admirably, had it not been for a little imprudence or over anxiety on the part of our friend.

The sheriff and jailer did not blame us for our attempt;

it was a fine breach, and cost the county a round sum; but public opinion says, that we ought to have been permitted to have made our escape;

that then the disgrace would have come on us, but now it must be on the State; that there cannot be any charge sustained against us; and that the conduct of the mob, the murders committed at Haun's Mills, and the exterminating order of the Governor, and the one-sided, rascally proceedings of the Legislature, has damned the state of Missouri to all eternity.

I would just name also that General Atchison has proved himself as contemptible as any of them.

We have tried for a long time to get our lawyers to draw us some petitions to the Supreme Judges of this state, but they utterly refused.

We have examined the law, and drawn the petitions ourselves, and have obtained abundance of proof to counteract all the testimony that was against us, so that if the Supreme Judge does not grant us our liberty, he has got to act without cause, contrary to honor, evidence, law or justice, sheerly to please the devil, but we hope better things, and trust, before many days, God will so order our case, that we shall be set at liberty and take up our habitation with the Saints.

We received some letters last evening—one from Emma, one from Don C. Smith, and one from Bishop Partridge—all breathing a kind and, consoling spirit. We were much gratified with their contents. We had been a long time without information; and when we read those letters, they were to our souls as the gentle air is refreshing; but our joy was mingled with grief, because of the sufferings of the poor and much injured Saints.

And we need not say to you that the flood-gates of our hearts were hoisted, and our eye's were a fountain of tears, but those who have not been inclosed in the walls of prison, without cause or provocation, can have but little idea how sweet the voice of a friend is; one token of friendship from any source whatever awakens and calls into action every sympathetic feeling;

it brings up in an instant everything that is passed, it seizes the present with the avidity of lightning;

it grasps after the future with the fierceness of a tiger;

it retrogrades from one thing to another until finally all enmity, malice, and hatred, and past differences, misunderstandings, and mismanagements are slain victorious at the feet of Hope, and when the heart is sufficiently contrite, then the voice of inspiration steals along, and whispers, My son, peace be unto thy soul; thine adversity and thine afflictions shall be but a small moment;

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

and then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt thee on high;

thou shalt triumph over all thy foes; thy friends do stand by thee, and they shall hail thee again, with warm hearts and friendly hands;

thou art not yet as Job;

thy friends do not contend against thee, neither charge thee with transgression, as they did Job; and they who do charge thee with transgression, their hope shall be blasted, and their prospects shall melt away as the hoar frost melteth before the burning rays of the rising sun;

and also that God hath set to His hand and seal, to change the times and seasons, and to blind their minds, that they may not understand His marvelous workings, that He may prove them also, and take them in their own craftiness; also because their hearts are corrupted, and the things which they are willing to bring upon others, and love to have others suffer, may come upon themselves, to the very uttermost; that they may be disappointed also, and their hopes may be cut off;

and not many years hence, that they and their posterity shall be swept from under heaven, saith God, that not one of them is left to stand by the wall: Cursed are all those that shall lift up the heel against mine anointed, saith the Lord, and cry they have sinned when they have not sinned before me, saith the Lord, but have done that which was meet in mine eyes, and which I commanded them; but those who cry transgression, do it;

because they are the servants of sin, and are the children of disobedience themselves; and those who swear falsely against my servants, that they might bring them into bondage, and death: Woe unto them; because they have offended my little ones, they shall be severed from the ordinances of mine house;

their basket shall not be full, their houses and their barns shall perish, and they themselves shall be despised by those that flattered them;

they shall not have right to the Priesthood, nor their posterity after them, from generation to generation;

it had been better for them that a millstone had been hanged about their necks, and they drowned in the depth of the sea.

Woe unto those that discomfort my people, and drive, and murder, and testify against them, saith the Lord of Hosts; a generation of vipers shall not escape the damnation of hell.

Behold, mine eyes seeth and knoweth all their works, and I have in reserve a swift judgment in the season thereof, for them all;

for there is a time appointed for every man, according as his works shall be.

And now, beloved brethren, we say unto you, that inasmuch as God hath said that He would have a tried people, that He would purge them as gold, now we think that this time He has chosen His own crucible, wherein we have been tried;

and we think if we get through with any degree of safety, and shall have kept the faith, that it will be a sign to this generation, altogether sufficient to bear them without excuse;

and we think also, it will be a trial of our faith equal to that of Abraham, and that the ancients will not have whereof to boast over us in the day of judgment, as being called to pass through heavier afflictions; that we may hold even weight in the balances with them:

but now, after having suffered so great sacrifice, and having passed through so great a season of sorrow, we trust that a ram may be caught in the thicket speedily, to relieve the sons and daughters of Abraham from their great anxiety, and to light up the lamp of salvation upon their countenances, that they may hold on now, after having gone so far unto everlasting life.

Now, brethren, concerning the places for the location of the Saints, we cannot counsel you as we would if we were present with you; and as to the things that were written heretofore, we did not consider them anything very binding, therefore we must say once for all, that we think it most proper, that the general affairs of the Church, which are necessary to be considered, while your humble servant remains in bondage, should be transacted by a general Conference of the most faithful and the most

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

respectable of the authorities of the Church, and a minute of those transactions may be kept, and forwarded from time to time, to your humble servant; and if there should be any corrections by the word of the Lord, they shall be freely transmitted, and your humble servant will approve all things whatsoever is acceptable unto God.

If anything should have been suggested by us, or any name mentioned, except by commandment, or thus saith the Lord, we do not consider it binding:

therefore our hearts shall not be grieved if different arrangements should be entered into.

Nevertheless we should suggest the propriety of being aware of an aspiring spirit, which spirit has oftentimes urged men forward, to make foul speeches, and influence the Church to reject milder counsels, and has eventually been the means of bringing much death and sorrow upon the Church.

We would say, be aware of pride also;

for well and truly hath the wise man said, that pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall.

And again, outward appearance is not always a criterion for us to judge our fellow man; but the lips betray the haughty and overbearing imaginations of the heart;

by his words and his deeds, let him be scanned.

Flattery also is a deadly poison.

A frank and an open rebuke provoketh a good man to emulation; and in the hour of trouble he will be your best friend, but on the other hand, it will draw out all the corruptions of a corrupt heart, and lying and the poison of asps shall be under their tongues; and they do cause the pure in heart to be cast into prison, because they want them out of their way.

A fanciful and flowery and heated imagination be aware of;

because the things of God are of deep import; and time, and experience, and careful and ponderous and solemn thoughts can only find them out.

Thy mind, O man!

if thou wilt lead a soul unto salvation, must stretch as high as the utmost heavens, and search into and contemplate the lowest considerations of the darkest abyss, and expand upon the broad considerations of eternity's expanse;

he must commune with God.

How much more dignified and noble are the thoughts of God, tha,n the vain imaginations of the human heart!

None but fools will trifle with the souls of men.

How vain and trifling have been our spirits, our conferences, our councils, our meetings, our private as well as public conversations—too low, too mean, too vulgar, too condescending for the dignified characters of the called and chosen of God, according to the purposes of those things that have been kept hid from the foundation until now, of which some have tasted a little, and on which many of them are to be poured down from heaven upon the heads of babes; yea, the weak, obscure, and despicable ones of the earth.

Therefore we beseech of you, brethren, that you bear with those who do not feel themselves more worthy than yourselves, while we exhort one another to a reformation with one and all, both old and young, teachers and taught, both high and low, rich and poor, bond and free, male and female;

let honesty, and sobriety, and candour, and solemnity, and virtue, and pureness, and meekness, and simplicity, crown our heads in every place, and in fine, become as little children, without malice, guile or hypocrisy.

And now, brethren, after your tribulations, if you do these things, and exercise fervent prayer and faith in the sight of God always, He shall give unto you knowledge by His Holy

Spirit, yea, by the unspeakable gift of the Holy Ghost, that has not been revealed since the world was until now;

which our forefathers have waited with anxious expectations to be revealed in the last times, which their minds were pointed to, by the angels, as held in reserve for the fulness of their glory;

a time to come in the which nothing shall be withheld; whether there be one

God or many Gods, they shall be manifest;

all thrones and dominions, princi-

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

palities and powers, shall be revealed and set forth upon all who have endured valiantly for the Gospel of Jesus Christ;

and als'o if there be bounds set to the heavens, or to the seas; or to the dry land, or to the sun, moon, or stars;

all the times of their revolutions;

all the appointed days, months, and years, and all the days of their days, months, and years and all their glories, laws, and set times, shall be revealed, in the days of the dispensation of the fulness of times, according to that which was ordained in the midst of the Council of the Eternal God of all other Gods, before this world was, that should be reserved unto the finishing and the end thereof, when every man shall enter into His eternal presence, and into His immortal rest.

But I beg leave to say unto you, brethren, that ignorance, superstition, and bigotry placing itself where it ought not, is oftentimes in the way of the prosperity of this Church;

like the torrent of rain from the mountains, that floods the most pure and crystal streams with mire, and dirt, and filthiness, and obscures everything that was clear before, and hurls along in one general deluge;

but time weathers tide;

and notwithstanding we are rolled in for the time being by the mire of the flood, the next surge peradventure, as time rolls on, may bring us to the fountain as clear as crystal, and as pure as snow; while the filthiness, flood-wood, and rubbish is left and purged out by the way. How long can rolling waters remain, impure?

What power shall stay the heavens?

As well might man stretch forth his puny arm to stop the Missouri river in its decreed course, or to turn it up stream, as to hinder the Almighty from pouring down knowledge from heaven, upon the heads of the Latter-day Saints.

What is Boggs or his murderous party, but wimbling willows upon the shore to catch the flood-wood?

As well might we argue that water is not water, because the mountain torrents send down mire and rolls the crystal stream, although afterwards renders it more pure than before; or that fire is not fire, because it is of a quenchable nature, by pouring on the flood;

as to say our cause is down because renegadoes, liars, priests, thieves, and murderers, who are all alike tenacious of their craft and creeds, have poured down, from their spiritual wickedness in high places, and from their strongholds of the devil, a flood of dirt and mire and filthiness and vomit upon our heads.

No!

God forbid.

Hell may pour forth its rage like the burning lava of mount Vesuvius, or of Etna, or of the most terrible of the burning mountains; and yet shall "Mormonism"stand.

Water, Fire, Truth, and God are all the same.

Truth is "Mormonism."God is the author of it.

He is our Shield.

It is by Him we received our birth.

It was by His voice that we were called to a dispensation of His Gospel in the beginning of the fulness of times.

It was by Him we received the Book of Mormon:

and it was by Him that we remain unto this day;

and by Him we shall remain, if it shall be for our glory; and in His Almighty name we are determined to endure tribulation as good soldiers unto the end.

But, brethren, we shall continue to offer further reflections in our next Epistle.

You will learn by the time you have read this, and if you do not learn it, you may learn it, that walls and irons, doors and creaking hinges, and half scared to death guards and jailers, grinning like some damned spirits, lest an innocent man should make his escape to bring to light the damnable deeds of a murderous mob, is calculated in its very nature to make the soul of an honest man feel stronger than the powers of hell.

But we must bring our epistle to a close. We send our respects to fathers, mothers, wives and children, brothers and sisters; we hold them in the most sacred remembrance.

We feel to inquire after Elder Rigdon, if he has not forgotten us;

it has not been signified to us by his scrawl.

Brother Geogre W.

Robinson also, and Elder

THE MODOC WAR.

Cahoon, we remember him, but would like to jog his memory a Jittle on the fable of the bear and the two friends who mutually agreed to stand by each other.

And perhaps it would not be amiss to mention uncle John, and various others. A word of consolation and a blessing would not come amiss from anybody, while we are being so closely whispered by the bear.

But we feel to excuse every body and every thing, yea the more readily when we contemplate that we are in the hands of worse than the bear, for the bear would not prey upon a dead carcase.

Our respects and love and fellowship to all the virtuous Saints. We are vour brethren and fellow-sufferers, and prisoners of Jesus Christ for the Gospel's sake, and for the hope of glory which is in us.

Amen.

Joseph Smith, Junior, Hyrum Smith, Lyman Wight, Caleb Baldwin, Alexander McRae.

We make a cushion of our faults To sit and practice easy virtues on.

—Mrs. Browning.

Patience is not passive, on the contrary, it is active;

it is concentrated strength.

Queen of Roumania.

THE MODOC WAR.

If we had only read about the Indians as a people living in the mountain fastnesses of Greece, or the broad plains of

Transylvania, we should without difficulty have discovered the patriotic and romantic elements of their character.

Considering the amount of "gush"possessed by the average American Congressmen, we might expect to frequently hear of resolutions of sympathy being offered in their behalf, and vigorous denunciation of the nation that had taken away their lands.

But as the effect of remoteness is produced by time as well as distance, it is surely worth while to treasure up the remnants of their history for our posterity who will justly consider us very selfish if we throw away what will be a treasure to them, merely because we do not appreciate it ourselves.

It is not because the government is parsimonious, that the Indians rise up in hostility against the whites; but because the government agents so frequently deliberately swindle and cheat the Indians.

Their motto seems to be "cheat the Indians while the contract lasts."Who can wonder, therefore, that the Indian, driven from his house and hunting grounds, breaks forth into acts of reprisal, of robbery and even murder, under the idea that it is a duty, a right and a necessary thing to do, even though he be killed for it.

The Modocs are an offshoot of the Klamath Indians, who for ages past have inhabited an extensive region comprised in Northern California and Southern Oregon.

During one of their insurrections, a chief of the name of Modocus, broke off with his followers from the rest of the tribe, and established an independent nation.

The following is from an eye witness of the Modoc war:

In 1864 some horses having been stolen from the white settlers, the Modocs were accused of the theft, a war was commenced against them, who, unable to gain advantage over the whites, fell upon defenseless emigrants, plundered and killed them.

In consequence of this a company of white men proceeded to the

Modoc country and attempted to destroy them by inviting them to a feast and then poisoning the food as well as their springs of water.

Failing in this, they got the Indians to agree to a "peacetalk."The Indians arrived at the appointed meeting place, and laid down their arms.

Upon a given signal, the whites opened fire on the Indians, and forty out of forty-five were killed.

At length a treaty was made with Schonchin and Captain Jack, chief and

THE MODOC WAR.

sub-chief of the band, in which they agreed to take up their residence on the

Klamath reservation.

After a short time they got tired of their new quarters and returned to the old ones.

Several unsuccessful attempts were then made to induce the Modocs to return to the reservation; and in 1869, the Superintendent of Indian affairs determined that Captain Jack, who had then become chief, should, with his followers, be sent back.

A message was dispatched asking the chief and his friends to meet the Superintendent half way.

Captain Jack then returned an answer that if the superintendent wished to see him he must come where he was. A party of whites then visited the Modocs, and found the chief surrounded by seventy or eighty warriors.

The white party proposed a feast, but the Indians declined, they had not forgotten the poisoned banquet of 1864.

The Indians feeling their weakness finally consented to return to the Klamath reservation, on condition that they should be allowed to choose their own dwelling places and be unmolested by the powerful tribe of

Klamath Indians.

However, some of the chiefs objected, and the Indians withdrew to hold a council.

While discussion was going on, a detachment of soldiers arrived, the Modocs were disarmed and removed on the following day to the shores of Lake Klamath.

But Captain Jack and a few others escaped to the Lava Beds.

It may not be out of place to here give a brief description of this strange and desolate region, where the Modocs for so long baffled all the efforts of the United States troops to dislodge them.

The Lava Beds are situated on the borders of

Siskiyou and Modoc counties, California, and not far from the Oregon line, and to reach them it is necessary to pass over a wild desolate country of rock, sand and sage-brush.

The Beds are about three miles long and a mile broad.

They are bounded on the one side by Rhett Lake and on the other by rugged volcanic mountains and hills, and throughout are covered with natural fortifications.

The place of the Modocs'retreat was a large opening in a ravine, containing about an acre in area, and on all sides of which rises a wall a hundred feet in height, forming a bowl with sloping sides.

On one side of this area is a deep spring of clear sweet water.

From the summit of this wall, a flat surface of lava extends for more than a mile; and this flat has numerous holes with small openings but which, strange to say, widen downwards into large caves.

These caves have underground communication with each other as well as the before-mentioned area.

In many places huge rocks two or even three hundred feet in height rise almost perpendicular.

It is easy to preceive that a few men behind these natural fortifications could defend themselves against a great number.

Meanwhile another person was appointed Superintendent of Indian affairs, and towards the end of November, 1872, orders were sent to place the

Modocs on the reservation, peaceably if possible, but by force if necessary.

The camp of the Modocs was surprised, but they refused to surrender.

In the attack fourteen persons were killed, which greatly enraged the settlers.

This was the commencement of the Modoc war.

A company of volunteers was organized, which, with four hundred soldiers, attacked the Indians.

But at the first battle of Lost River they were driven back by the Indians.

This victory gave great encouragement to the Modocs.

Captain Jack then offered to make peace.

At this time the Peace Commission was resolved upon, and in February, 1873, ^ succeeded in opening communication between the headquarters of the army and the Indian camp at the Lava Beds.

At length, on April 2d, 1873, the Commissioners met the Modocs about half way between the two camps.

After the usual preliminaries the talk began.

Captain Jack said:

"I was born free.

I was not made for a slave.

I will not ask any man where I can go.

I am not a child.

God gave me this country.

He put me here first.

The white man found me here, but now he wants it all.

I only want a small place for my people.

THE MODOC WAR.

I want to live like a white man.

I never beg or steal.

I pay my debts, and no man can say I ever cheated him.

I do not want the President to give me anything.

I can take care of my people, if you will take the soldiers away."

Mr. Meacham, one of the Commissioners, then said, "Will you give up the

Indians who killed the whites at the battle of Lost River.""Who will try them,"asked Captain Jack, "whites or

Indians?""Whites, most certainly,"replied Mr. Meacham.

"Will you give up the whites, who killed the Indians?"was then asked by Captain Jack.

To which the Commissioners answered "No.""Ah"said Captain Jack "you want the law all on your side."

Several days passed away before another meeting could take place.

Meanwhile a Modoc squaw, who had married a half-breed Indian, made a visit to the Lava Beds.

When she returned she told the Commissioners that they must not go among the Modocs any more, for they would be killed.

The squaw's advice was not heeded, for on April nth it was arranged for five unarmed persons on each side to meet and discuss the points in question.

The place of meeting was on the Lava Beds, not far from Captain Jack's stronghold.

As the Commissioners were setting out, the squaw, who had before told them of their danger, took hold of Mr.

Meacham's horse and said, "Meacham, you no go; they kill you."A consultation was then held, and in spite of Mr. Meacham's utmost efforts to prevent it, General Canby determined to keep the engagement with the Indians.

On reaching the place of meeting they found Captain Jack and his warriors already assembled.

The Indians professed friendship, but it was soon evident that they contemplated treachery.

The first few moments were spent in what was evidently manceuvering for a good opportunity.

The Indians made frequent change of position so as to get the Commissioners as near together as possible.

General Canby first made a short speech and then asked Dr. Thomas to talk.

He in a few words informed the Indians that he and others had been sent by the President of the United States, and that no more bloodshed was wanted.

When he had finished, the Indians—who had meanwhile been sitting on the ground—rose to their feet.

Captain Jack stepped to the right of General

Canby, and Schonchin stepped to Canby's left.

Captain Jack then made a short speech and while Mr.

Riddle, the interpreter, was still speaking, two warriors stepped out from behind a rock each with a number of guns, which they distributed among the Indians.

Meanwhile the squaw, who had tried to save Meacham, came forward and either through fear or as a token of supplication, threw herself flat on the ground.

Mr. Meacham asked "What does this mean?"but Captain Jack only replied by drawing a pistol and calling out that all was ready.

At the first volley, General Canby was shot in the face.

He then ran about forty rods when he received a rifle ball which passed through his head and he fell upon the rocks.

Dr. Thomas was shot by an Indian named Boston Charley and almost immediately expired.

Mr.

Meacham received four wounds, one in the arm, one in the shoulder and two in the head, which rendered him unconscious.

The Indians then proceeded to strip him and take off his scalp, but while thus engaged the cry of "Soldiers, soldiers!"was raised and the work was left unfinished.

The Indians then retreated to their stronghold and war was resumed.

Soon after this, a small body of troops advanced a considerable distance amongst the beds of lava, and were resting in what they considered a perfectly safe position, when suddenly they were surrounded on all sides and only one of them escaped.

Several of them managed to hide themselves and attempted to escape under cover of the night; but as soon as it was dark the Indians emerged from their caves in order to scalp the dead, and finding the living soldiers, dragged them to their camp, where the squaws beat them to death with clubs.

AT CONSTANTINE.

Nettled by disasters, and roused by the cry of vengeance from all parts of the country, the troops redoubled their efforts.

The Modocs were hunted from stronghold to stronghold, from ravine to ravine, till finally, in June, 1873, Captain

Jack gave himself up.

Some of the leaders of the tribe, seeing that the war would be relentless, turned states'evidence, and agreed to aid in the capture of their comrades, on condition that their own lives would be spared.

In October, 1873, Captain Jack, Schonchin, Boston

Charley and Hooka Jim were executed at Fort Klamath.

Captain Jack, the instigator of the murders, was utterly broken down and unnerved.

The other three died with Indian stoicism, to the last declaring their right to inhabit their native country.

When they ascended the scaffold, a mournful wail arose from the five hundred Klamath Indians who had come to witness their execution.

An hour later the bodies of the four warriors were delivered over to their friends, who buried them with their usual ceremonies, believing that their spirits had departed to the happy hunting grounds.

The remainder of the band were removed to the reservation, and thus ended a war unparalleled for its ferocity and murderous success, on the side of the Indians.

/. H.

Ward.

AT CONSTANTINE.

With the exception, perhaps, of Santiago di Compostella, there is no city within easy reach of England which is less known and more worthy of a visit than Constantine.

It is easy of access for those who are not afraid to face the subdued horrors of a two days'Mediterranean trip.

A railway—itself one of the wonders of the world—leads up to it from Philippeville, and the pace at which the trains travel is leisurely enough to enable the passengers to appreciate fully the magnificent wildness of the scenery through which they pass and the genius which has found means of laying an iron road through the apparently impenetrable fastnesses.

The fellow-travelers, too, are provocative of interest;

all colors of skin and all varieties of dress are represented among them, and if after dusk a figure dressed wholly in white, like a Chartreux monk, glides noiselessly in, takes off his slippers, curls his legs up under him on the cushion, and leans back comfortably in the corner of the carriage, like a sensible Christian, a feeling that ghosts are about inevitably becomes predominant.

An empty turnip, a man's face cut on it and a lighted candle inside, with a sheet held under, such as Devonshire ploughboys are in the habit of frightening their compeers with, is not to be compared, for effect, to it.

Once at Constantine, our feelings, whatever they may have been on the journey, are changed to those of bewilderment. The city is not a holy one like

Santiago, and the pilgrims who come to it are devotees of trade or pleasure, not religion.

But it has a sentiment and a quaintness peculiarly its own.

During the lapse of ages, ever since the time of Sophonisba's romantic death, some two hundred years before the Christian era, it has been exposed to vicissitudes which have no parallel in the history of the world, Romans, Numidians, Arabs, and Turks nave held sway here in turn, and have each left their mark, for good or for bad, on the rock on which the city is built.

Carthage alone long kept company with it in fortune and misfortune, but Carthage has vanished from the face of the earth, its very situation being hardly known, while

Constantine has risen, phcenix-like, but shorn of its ancient glories, to become alas for these degenerate days—the trim chief town of a French province.

The ancient citadel has been converted, with no regard to anything but utility, into modern barracks; the palace of the Beys has become an office for the staff.

38o AT CONSTANTINE.

Boulevards and cafes, absinthe and cigarettes, disfigure the town and deteriorate the people.

New streets are being driven through Arab rookeries with much vigor.

The old order everywhere is giving place to the new, and whatever good may come, eventually, of the changes, but little, it must be added, is apparent now.

No improvements, however, that French ingenuity is capable of devising can destroy the sentiment which is indelibly associated with the city, or the inherent grandeur of its site.

Buildings may come and go.

Lycees and barracks, tribunals of commerce and gendarmeries may take the place of dungeons, keeps, and mosques, but the memories of two thousand years of history must survive.

No matter with what edifices they are crowned, the bluff precipice still remains intact from which the Turks of old, so tradition has it, were wont to throw their faithless wives;

so, too, does that one still more terrible to the sight, down which, on the French occupation, the inhabitants endeavored to escape by means of ropes, to perish miserably, men, women, and children by the hundred, in the attempt.

The position of the rock on which the city is built has been often described, but its general effect is indescribable. Those of us who know Tintagel, and instead of the sea which hems it in can picture to themselves a wild, desolate region, furrowed with mountains which stretch away ridge upon ridge till the distant peaks are lost in the blue haze of the horizon, will be able to comprehend in some degree the strange magnificence of the site of Constantine.

It is—as at Tintagel—as if a great flat-topped fragment of cliff had by some freak of nature become detached from the mountain to which it belongs.

Almost an exact square, on two sides a yawning fissure some three hundred or four hundred yards deep, at the bottom of which the river Rummel winds along unseen, separates it from what may be termed the mainland.

On another side its sheer cliff, some four hundred yards high, overhangs the fertile plain of the Hamma;

and on the fourth an isthmus, made partly by nature and partly by art, connects it by a steep descent with the neighboring hill of Koudiat-Ati.

The whole surface of the rock is covered with buildings up to its very edge.

Many of them, indeed, more especially in the Arab quarter, seem actually to hang over the precipice which gapes underneath.

A shock of earthquake or a loosened stone would inevitably overbalance them, and it is more than remarkable that no tradition exists of the occurrence of such a catastrophe.

Being the chief town of the Department, Constantine is a bustling, if not busy place, and French authority is more than usually anxious to assert itself.

The majesty of the law and the force of arms are well represented.

Soldiers, cavalry and infantry, crowd the streets in shoals, and I know of no other town in which the band of the Zouaves or Chasseurs plays with so much abandon, not to say defiance, as in the Place du Palais here.

The church, strange to say, it conspicuous by its absence.

Schools there are in abundance, and every native soldier is compelled to learn French, but no attempt, perhaps wisely, is made to convert the Arabs, and with less degree of reason the children of the Catholic faith are left in matters of religion almost entirely to their devices.

Though the Arabs vie with the French in their admiration for cafes, there is in ordinary life but little mixture here between the two creeds.

A few Arabs frequent the French cafe's, but, though Arab in dress and manner, it is evident at a glance that they are not the strictest of their sect, neither Sir Wilfrid Lawson nor the Prophet himself would look with equanimity on the new-fledged affection they have developed for the strong drinks, without which a Frenchman's happiness would not be complete.

As a rule they have their own houses of resort, little dens, dark and dingy, with matted floor and grotesque frescoes of ships, birds, beasts and flowers on the walls, where they smoke their cigarettes and drink their coffee with as much comfort to themselves as if they were

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

already in the seventh heaven.

Each creed has its own market, and both are well worth a visit.

The best trimmed stall in Covent Garden at the height of the season would sink into insignificance if placed by one picked out at random at this time of year in either Arab or French market here.

Pomegranates, oranges, grapes, dates, wild strawberries, melons, and figs among fruits, cauliflowers, lettuces, yams, tomatoes, new potatoes, and peas among vegetables, are there in abundance, not stowed away with niggard hand in tasty little baskets, but strewn about recklessly in wild profusion, a most pleasing and grateful sight.

To any one who has contemplated from the ramparts the bald, barren, inhospitable waste of mountains around, it forms a mystery where all this luxuriance of produce can come from, and it is not till he has explored the neighboring country for himself, that he finds valleys, which in summer time stand so thick with corn that they may well be said figuratively to laugh and sing, now full to overflowing with such a wealth of fruit, vegetables, and flowers as passes comprehension.

For'the success which has attended their efforts to bring these valleys into cultivation, full credit must be given to the French.

But there is no need of an African sun and a tropical vegetation by way of inducement to travelers to come to Constantine.

Its attractions stand by themselves, and are irresistible.

Any nation might well be proud of having its fortress-capital on so quaint, so picturesque, so magnificent a spot as this historic rock.

Boasting seldom or never accompanies a sense of real power.

When men feel that they can express themselves by deeds they do not often care to do so by words.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

The army having gone into winter quarters, at Fort Bridger, where also were the new set of Federal officials, the commander, Col. A. S. Johnston, sent the following report of their situation,which indicates that the hindrances to their march made by our scouting parties, throwing them into the relentless embraces of a Rocky Mountain winter brought on earlier than usual by the prayers of Lot Smith's chaplain and his colleagues—left them in considerable distress:

Headquarters Army of Utah, Camp Scott, near Fort Bridger,

Black's Fork, Green River, November 30, 1857.

Major:—Since my last report the troops and all the supply trains have arrived at this place, and will remain here, or in this district, during the winter.

In effecting the march from near the junction of

Ham's and Black's forks of Green river, a distance of only thirty-five miles, the loss of battery horses,draught mules and oxen of the contractor has been very great, in consequence of snow storms which were encountered on the route, and intense cold.

Our marches each were necessarily short on account of the extreme coldness and inclemency of the weather, and because of the great number of miles on the road occupied by the supply trains and others, and the failing condition of the draught animals starving from cold and hunger, were resumed from each camp as soon as the troops in the rear and trains could be brought up, allowing a day or more at each camp for rest and the grazing of the animals.

Fifteen days were consumed in this tedious operation.

Shelter for our thousands of animals seemed indispensable for the preservation of life, yet a more rapid advance to attain it would, we believe, be attended with immense loss.

The snow storms raged, with short intermissions after it commenced, for several days, during which time it was exceedingly cold.

The thermometer ranged

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

from ten degrees above to sixteen degrees below zero.

If shelter could have been found, a halt till the storm subsided would have been ordered; but there was none. The country between this and the South Pass, with the exception of the narrow valleys of water courses, is a great desert, affording no shelter by its conformation or by woods, or even bushes from the furious blasts of these high regions; and no fuel except the wild sage or willow bushes.

There was no alternative but to press forward perseveringly, though slowly, marking our route by the frozen horses, mules and oxen. A sufficient number of oxen, though poor, have been saved to supply the meat part of rations six days in the week, and we have on hand bacon for one day in the week for seven months, and also flour and small rations.

(See report of chief commissary of subsistence herewith.)

Colonel Cooke, in command of six companies 2d dragoons, arrived on the 19th instant.

You will learn from his report (herewith) that the storm dealt as roughly with his command as it did with the army in advance.

He lost nearly half of his horses, besides a number of mules.

His march, from his report, appears to have been conducted with care and skill.

If a further advance of the army were otherwise practicable and proper at this season of the year, the necessity of appropriating the remainder of the work oxen for food for the troops would now prevent.

The diminished number and reduced condition of the cavalry and battery horses and draught mules, makes a remount for the former and an additional number of mules for the quartermaster's department indispensable. A further advance cannot be made without them.

I have, therefore, taken measures (see orders to Captain Marcy and estimates of the chief quartermasters'herewith) to supply all deficiencies.

Captain Marcy has been dispatched, with a sufficient party suitably organized and equipped, to New Mexico, as the nearest and most accessible region from which they can be obtained early in the spring, with instructions to purchase the number required, and to return as soon in the spring as he can, having regard to the good condition of the horses and mules;

and he is authorized to contract for a supply of salt, of which we have none, and forward it on his arrival.

I respectfully request the sanction of the general-in-chief to my orders to Captain Marcy, and that he will give instructions to General Garland;

or commanding officer of the Department of New Mexico, to furnish

Captain Marcy a sufficient escort of the mounted rifles to protect him from predatory attacks of the Indians on the route back to this place.

I enclose a copy of my letter to General Garland, making the request.

The Mormons, before they retired, burnt the buildings in and about Fort Bridger, and also Fort

Supply on Smith's Fork, twelve miles hence, and destroyed the grain, and as far as they could, other crops at that place.

Fort Bridger, so called, is a high, well built, strong stone wall, enclosing a square of one hundred feet, and has been appropriated for the storage of the supplies for the army.

The addition of two lunettes, now being constructed, one on the southwest corner and the other on the northeast corner of a stone enclosure adjoining the main one, but not so high, will make it defensible by a small force, and a safe place of deposit for the public property that may be left when the army advances.

The herds of mules, battery horses, and cattle have been sent with herdsmen to Henry's Fork to graze during the winter, and six companies of the 2d dragoons, under the command of Colonel Cooke, have been ordered to encamp near them, and guard them and protect the herdsmen.

He has with him about two hundred dragoon horses.

Two companies of the same regiment are stationed here, and have about fifty horses, all feeble for want of sufficient sustenance.

In the spring, the army, with the volunteer force included, about two thousand strong, will resume their march as soon as a supply of horses and mules arrive, and the grass on the mountains shall be found sufficient to sustain them.

SEAL ISLANDS OF ALASKA.

Two full companies of volunteers have been mustered into the service for nine months, and I expect in a few days that two more companies will be mustered in.

They are young, active, and hardy men, generally good shots, and with such instructions as they will receive, will make most excellent light troops.

I have to request that the emolument of these men may be early made known to the Secretary of War, so that provision may be made, by an appropriation by Congress for their payment at the expiration of their term of service.

The troops have borne the hardships and privations of the march with patience and cheerfulness, and continue in fine health; some few of the different regiments are still suffering from frosbite.

Governor dimming and family, Judge

Eckel, the secretary, attorney-general, and marshal of the Territory, and also Dr.

Forney, Superintendent of Indian affairs, and Dr. Hunt, Agent, are encamped within our lines, and have received every facility and means to make them comfortable, as much so as can be expected under canvas.

I enclose copies of all orders given by me which will fully acquaint you with any matter omitted in this communication.

With great respect, your obedient servant, A.

S. Johnston, Colonel 2d Cavalry Commanding.

Maj.

I. McDowell, Assistant Adjutant

General Headquarters of the Army.

"Good-bye, George!"—Mr. Story, the sculptor, who began active life as a lawyer, tells a good story which illustrates the fact that the emphasis which punctuates has as much to do with determining the sense of a sentence as the meaning of the words:

Once, when he was called upon to defend a woman accused of murdering her husband, he adduced as one of the proofs of her innocence the fact to her having attended him on his death-bed, and said to him, when he was dying, "Good-bye, George."The counsel for the plaintiff declared this ought rather to be taken as a proof of her guilt, and that the words she had used were, "Good, by George!"

SEAL ISLANDS OF ALASKA.

It is a singular fact that in the negotiations for the purchase of Alaska by the United States, the value of the seal islands was not considered.

The value of those islands was not known even to

Mr. Seward.

He was very enthusiastic on the subject of great benefits to be derived by this country from the fisheries and timber of his promised land, but evidently he did not dream of the seal islands as a treasury which was to pay the interest on the entire purchasemoney for Alaska.

Vet thus far the seal islands alone have saved us from an unprofitable investment in the acquisition of what was formerly known as "Russian America."The annual rental received by the government from the seal islands is fifty-five thousand dollars The tax collected on each fur-seal skin shipped from the islands is two dollars and sixty-two and a half cents, which on one hundred thousand skins, the greatest number the company are allowed to take in any one year, amounts to two hundred and sixty-two thousand five hundred dollars, making, along with the rental, a total of three hundred and seventeen thousand five hundred dollars.

Alaska cost us, as purchase-money, seven million five hundred thousand dollars; and as we now pay an average of only four per cent, interest on the public debt, the interest on that sum amounts to three hundred thousand dollars.

Thus it appears that as a business proposition the purchase of Alaska has been justified by the revenue from the seal islands, after paying all expenses of collection.

Yet those seal islands are a mere

3§4 SEAL ISLANDS OF ALASKA.

group of rocks, situated in Behring Sea, enveloped in fog during one half of the year and shrouded in snow the other half.

There are two seasons at the seal islands—the humid and the frigid.

During the humid season, there is no sun visible, nor is there darkness, for this print might easily be read at any hour of the night, without artificial light, in what is there accepted as summer.

But during the humid, foggy, long-day season, there is not a moment when the roar of seals may not be heard for a mile at sea off the coast of those islands.

During the frigid season, the days are cut very low in the neck and quite short in the skirt, so that they would hardly be worth while mentioning were it not for the exceedingly emphatic weather, which drives the seals away to sea and makes itself felt even by the oleaginous natives; and a gale howls all the time.

During the frigid season, the surf never ceases to whip itself into foam upon the shores.

And yet those rocks are cheap at seven million five hundred thousand dollars.

If we should advertise them for sale at ten million dollars—allowing ourselves a profit of two million five hundred thousand dollars on the purchase of Alaska—they could be sold.

The islands in question were called by the Russians the Pryvolof group—so named in honor of their discoverer, who was cruising around about one hundred years ago in search of seaotter, which were then found to be almost as scarce but not quite so dear as now in the Aleutian chain.

'The Pryvolof group consists of the islands of St.

George, the most southerly and the first discovered, St.

Paul, Otter Island, and Walrus Island.

A few seals haul out upon Otter, but none upon Walrus Island.

The seals killed by the lessees of the islands are all taken upon St. Paul and St. George.

The maximum number for St. Paul is Seventy-five thousand seals each year;

for St. George, twentyfive thousand;

making altogether the full quota one hundred thousand seals per annum.

The seals begin to land there about the i st of May, unless prevented by ice, and the killing (except for food) does not begin before the ist of June, by which time they are there in thousands.

By the ist of July there are millions of seals upon the two islands—doubtless four millions upon St. Paul, and a million upon St.

George.

Literally, they are in countless numbers.

They are estimated by counting all those lying within a well-marked small section of the breeding-grounds, and then measuring the entire space of the "rookery,"as it is called, after they all leave later in the season, and allowing a given number to each square yard or rod.

This is the only process by which the number of seals resorting to the islands can be approximated.

"Seal fisheries"is not only a misnomer, but it is absurd when applied to the mode of taking skins:

When skins are wanted, the natives walk to the "rookeries,"crawl along the sand until they arrive in a line between the seals and the water, then spring to their feet, yell and flourish clubs simultaneously, and the selected victims, destined for sacrifice upon fashion's altar, stampede up the beach, and once started, are driven like sheep to the slaughter.

They pull themselves along as one might expect a dog to travel with his fore legs broken at the knees and his spine over the kidneys.

For locomotion on land, the furseal depends mainly on his fore quarters, the hind flippers being dragged along.

At sea, the hind flippers serve mainly as steering apparatus, though they have some propelling power, being twisted like the propeller of a screwsteamer; but the fore flippers perform most of the propulsion in the water as well as on land.

The hair-seal, on the contrary, derives more propelling power in the water from his hind than from his fore flippers.

The seals on St. Paul and St. George Islands are often driven two or three miles from the "rookery"to the killingground adjacent to the warehouse, where the skins are salted.

The killing is easy enough after the seals are once arrived at the ground selected for the slaughter.

Suppose one thousand seals

SEAL ISLANDS OF ALASKA.

to be driven up, forty or fifty are cut out from the large drove.

The smaller group is moved a few rods away from the others, and then knocked down by men with hickory clubs five feet in length.

Being knocked senseless, the seal is quickly stabbed to the heart, and generally dies a painless death, after receiving the knock-down blow.

The work is divided; some men knock down, some stab, and some draw knives around the neck and flippers and along the belly, so that the skinners have only to separate the skin from the blubber.

All the men employed in this work are natives.

The skinners are experts, with such professional pride as prohibits dulling their razor-edged knives upon the outside of the skin, which contains more or less sand from the drive.

All the time of the knocking down, the seals in the main drove sit on one hip like dogs, panting, growling and steaming; but apparently not interested in the fate of their friends dying before their eyes, nor caring for what may befall themselves.

They do not seem to be at all sensitive on the subject of death.

They can be driven up to and over the warm, bloody carcasses which cover the ground, without manifesting any concern whatever.

The skins are taken off with wonderful rapidity by the natives, and with very few cuts or slashes. As soon as the skins are cool, or at the end of a day's killing, they are hauled to the salt-house and laid in bins, the flesh side up, and salted.

In the course of a week, they are taken from the bins and examined.

Those in which the curing process has not been perfected have more salt applied to the pink spots, after which they are again packed in layers to await the bundling process, which takes place at any convenient time after the booking.

The system with which the work is pursued has been reduced to such an exactness, that, though the season begins after the 1st of June, generally not before the 10th or 12th, the one hundred thousand skins are sometimes aboard the vessel for shipment to San Francisco by the 25th of July, and always before the 1st of

August.

Upon St. Paul Island the work is done by about seventy native men and boys, and on St. George by about twenty-five.

The total native population of the two islands is about three hundred and sixty or three hundred and seventy.

They earn forty thousand dollars in six weeks, and having no house rent to provide, no meat, fish or fuel to purchase, nor taxes to pay, nor doctors'bills to settle, they are as well off as the families of men in San Francisco, whose income is one thousand dollars per annum.

The natives have warm frame houses; they receive sixty tons of coal free each year, under the terms of the lease; they are furnished with more salmon than they need; they can catch cod and halibut whenever the sea permits them to put out in a boat; a doctor and schoolmaster are provided for them, upon each island, at the expense of the lessees; and the sick and infirm men, as well as the widows and orphans, are fed and clothed by the same corporation.

Whatever sins the government may have to answer for in its dealings with our Indian tribes, it may be set down that the native sealislanders are well cared for.

Neither King Solomon nor the Queen of Sheba—no, nor the lilies of the field ever wore richer raiment than the modern seal-skin cloak; but when the skin is taken from the animal to which nature gave it, when it goes into and when it comes out of the salt, or when it is first sent to market, it is not what it appears later upon fashion's form.

Before the fur-seal skin becomes the valuable article of commerce which goes into the manufacture of a fashionable garment, it is shaved down on the flesh side until it is not much thicker than a sheet of letter-paper; the long, coarse hairs must be plucked out, and the fur dyed; it may be a brown or almost black, according to the prevailing taste, which now runs to darker hues than formerly.

The raw skins are sold at trade sales in London before they take on their artificial hue, the greater portion of their cost to the "consumer"being added after their purchase at the sales.

Returning them to this country, paying duties and the ex-

SEAL ISLANDS OF ALASKA.

pense of making them into garments, constitute the major portion of the final cost.

After the killing season on the islands, the remaining seals go through the process of shedding their hairy coats and taking on a new crop.

The "stagy"season, as this is called, commences about the i st of September and terminates in six weeks or thereabouts.

Not only the old seals, but the very youngest—the "pups,"which come into the world in July, with black hair and not enough fur to speak about—shed their dark coats in September and October, and take on the regulation gray, with an undergrowth of fine light brown fur before starting out on the long voyage into the Pacific.

The little fellows are shy of the water at first;

coming into the world with a sort of hereditary idea that they are intended to prowl about bear-like, and devour people on dry land; and the smallest specimens are spunky enough to try it whenever a man attempts to corner them.

But after urgent persuasion and persistent instruction on the part of the mother, they take to the water and catch fish for a living upon leaving the islands.

The young seals are exceedingly playful, spending most of their time on shore, tumbling about over each other upon the sand or in the long grass which grows in short-lived luxuriance upon the islands.

In the water, after once gaining confidence in their ability to swim, they take great delight, when the surf is not so strong as to kill them against the rocks.

The old bulls, which are the first to arrive in the spring, are the first to disappear in the fall.

They leave the females behind to look after the young, and go cruising away into the boundless ocean.

There are more seals upon the ground during July and August than in any other two months.

Then the sight is wonderful.

So much life, such unceasing activity, the roaring of the old bulls, the whining cry of the cows, and the snarling of the pups forms a concert which frequently enables navigators to find the islands when the fog around them is so thick as to render objects invisible at the distance of the ship's length.

Sometimes, too, when a vessel is so far to leeward that no sound can be heard, an odor is wafted off from the "rookeries"which serves to warn the sailor of rocks within a few miles.

By November, the "rookeries"are but thinly inhabited, and by the first of December they are quite deserted;

and only the winter's gale is heard to roar and the surf to thunder upon the rocks.

There are various opinions as to the whereabouts of the fur-seals during the winter months.

One theory is, that they scatter out through the Pacific so widely that the millions are lost amid its immeasurable spaces.

The seals are seen to go southward through the passes between the Aleutian Islands during the autumnal months.

They do not go ashore there, nor anywhere else so far as known, until their return to the Pryvolof group.

They leave the island in a lean and blubberless condition, from their long fast while on shore, and they return fat in the following spring.

Evidently they go south to their feedinggrounds.

But wherever they go, they must have some guide, instinct, or rule, to enable them to find their way back.

The buffaloes, which once roamed annually from Dakota and Manitoba into Texas, had mountains and rivers for their guides,as well as the cold winds to drive them from the north in the autumn, and southerly breezes to fan them toward the cooler latitudes in summer.

Migratory birds, too, have their courses marked out by the land and the streams and lakes, and by the upper currents of air; but the movements of the migratory seal seem more mysterious.

Millions of those wonderful animals start out from their summer home in Behring Sea, and almost to a day of the same time every year they reappear at the islands, haul out at the same spot, and take up the position which they vacated six or eight months before, and nobody can say where they have been since their departure.

Without chart or compass, without taking a sight at the sun, they return as regularly as

SEAL ISLANDS OF ALASKA.

mail steamers between Europe and America.

Salmon return to fresh-water streams in the spring, but they nose along shore and wherever they taste fresh water they go up; any sort of a stream of fresh water will serve them.

But the furseal do not so. A few are found in the spring traveling north off the coast of British Columbia and southeast Alaska, where there are thousands of islands, but they do not attempt to make a landing there.

In returning to Behring Sea they must pass through the channels running between the

Aleutian Islands, which in formation and character are precisely, according to human eyes, like the Pryvolof group; but the seals do not mistake the Aleutian Islands for their home.

It may be the fur-seals on their summer home follow lines of fishbanks or shoals, or enter into certain currents where their food exists, and by the currents are directed back to the point of departure;

but navigators have no knowledge of such steadily prevailing currents into and out of the middle of the Pacific. The Japanese current runs northerly on the west side, and swings around among the Aleutian

Islands till it is carried south along the east shores of that sea.

That may be a guide for the seals, but it does not bring over to the east from the west the furseals from the Commander

Islands off the coast of Kamtchatka, which appear and disappear as our own seals do, but do not mingle with ours on this side at least.

That they do not mingle is proven by the fur experts in London, who, mix the skins as you may, can always pick out the Alaska skins, which are of better quality than the others.

There is another theory that the Alaskan seals on leaving the islands in Behring Sea in the fall resort to some undiscovered islands in mid-Pacific, where they pass the time pleasantly during the winter months.

Many expeditions have been fitted out in San Francisco, from time to time, for the discovery of those mysterious islands, but they yet remain undiscovered.

There are signs of land out there between and north latitude and 160 to west longitude, there are drift-wood and feathers and sea-weed;

but there is an eternal fog there also (a favorable sign for seals), and the islands remain invisible.

The China steamers may have sailed over every inch of that region, but yet there are those who still believe in the undiscovered seal islands of the north Pacific.

Matter-of-fact mariners who do not believe in the mysterious islands attribute the signs of land thereabouts to the existence of a great eddy, a product of the immense current above alluded to, into which are carried and held the various articles of drift.

There are signs of land upon the surface of the water, but there is "no bottom"there for a h-undredfathom line; and the masters of vessels in the San Francisco and

China trade have no fears of running ashore in that region. A strong argument against the existence of the undiscovered seal islands in the north Pacific is, that when the seals leave Pryvolof group they are lean and gaunt, after their four or six months'sojourn upon shore. When they return, like old sailors after a voyage, they are again in good condition, and fall easy victims to those of mankind who live by preying upon them.

If the seals spent their winter months ashore, on some Pacific islands in the mysterious region of fog and eddy, they should return to Alaska as lean as when they go away.

The seal, it should always be considered, cannot remain below the surface long enough to catch deep-water fish; but the cod which haunts the banks or shallows of the sea, and the salmon, which cruises along the coasts in the spring, form its chief article of animal food; and kelp, which is found only upon reefs, is its favorite vegetable diet.

Wherever the seal may go to spend the winter, it returns to its favorite summer quarters with wonderful regularity; and notwithstanding the slaughter of one hundred thousand annually upon land, and the consumption ofperhaps a greater number of tender pups by sharks and "killers"at sea, the areas of the several "rookeries"upon the Pryvolof Islands

PETER COOPER.

are gradually expanded year by year, and there is reason for the belief held among the natives that the numbers are gradually increasing.

At all events, it may be confidently asserted that so long as the present system prevails of killing no females, and only a limited number of males, the revenue to the government from the fur-seal islands runs no apparent risk of diminution; and the natives may look for their comfortable annuity to continue for succeeding generations indefinitely.

Overland Monthly.

No Secrets.—The moment a girl has a secret from her mother, or has received a letter she dare not let her mother read, or has a friend her mother does not know, she is in danger.

A secret is not a good thing for a girl to have.

The fewer secrets that lie in the hearts of women at any age, the better.

It is almost a test of purity.

She who has none of her own is best and happiest.

In girlhood hide nothing from your mother;

a little secretiveness has set many a scandal afloat; and much as is said about women who tell too much, they are much better off than those who tell too little.

A man may be reticent and lie under no suspicion; not so a woman.

The girl who frankly says to her mother, "I have been there;

I met so and so; such and such remarks were made, or this or that was done,"will be sure of receiving good advice and sympathy.

If all was right no fault will be found.

If the mother knows, out of her great experience, that something was improper or unsuitable, she will, if she is a good mother, kindly advise against its repetition.

It is only when mothers discover that the girls are hiding things from them that they rebuke or scold.

Innocent faults are always pardoned by a kind parent.

You may not know, girls, just what is right—just what is wrong, yet.

You can't be blamed for making little mistakes;

but you will never do anything wrong if from the first you have no secrets from your mother.

Beautiful Women.—It is at the feet of women we lay the laurels that, without her smile, would never have been won;

it is her image that tunes the lyre of the poet, that animates the voice in the blaze of eloquence, that guides the brain in the august toils of stately councils.

Whatever may be the lot of man—however unfortunate, however oppressed—if he only love and be loved, he must strike a balance in favor of existence, for love can illumine the dark roof of poverty and can lighten the fetters of the slave.

Beautiful women may be admired, but who can refrain from loving the impersonation of grace and virtue we every day encounter in the charmed circles of domestic life?

Disraeli.

Nor after fruit forbidden should we yearn,

For all we have is all we truly earn.—Whitney.

A garbled quotation may be the most effectual perversion of an author's meaning; and a partial representation of an incident in a man's life may be the most malignant of all calumnies.

McCosh.

PETER COOPER.

Peter Cooper was born on the 12th of February, 1791.

His father was a poor man, with a large family dependent upon him, which he endeavored to support by conducting a hat-store. As soon as he was old enough, Peter was set to work in the business with the other children.

His first work was pulling hair and cutting fur.

The advantages of school were almost entirely denied him, for in all his life he only went every other day for a single year.

The father was fond of country life, and finally sold the hat business to his eldest son, and removed to Peekskill, where he opened a country store and built a little church.

Later than this he began the brewing of ale, and Peter was employed

PETER COOPER.

in delivering the kegs of ale to the places in town and country where it was sold.

The father then removed to Catskill, where he went into the hat trade again, and besides this manufactured bricks.

The hat-store was afterward removed to Brooklyn;

and not long after this the family went to Newburgh, where

Mr. Cooper opened another brewery.

Here Peter'remained until seventeen years of age, when he came to New York, and, after much seeking, obtained a place as an apprentice in a carriage-shop.

There he worked until he had reached his majority, and then, as a journeyman, until the opening of the war of 1812, when he went to Hempstead, L.

I., and obtained employment in a woolen factory.

There he invented a machine for shearing cloth, which obtained such favor that he turned his attention to the building of such machines, and carried on their manufacture successfully to the close of the war, when foreign competition in cloths discouraged him from its continuance.

He then commenced the manufacture of cabinet-ware, which he subsequently quitted and opened a grocery.

The selling of sugar, starch'and soap however, by retail, appeared to be out of his line, for he did not prosper in it, and deemed it expedient to return to manufacturing. A lucky opportunity occurred to him to engage in the manufacture of glue and isinglass.

He at once availed himself of it, 'and in a year or so found himself on the high-road to fortune.

He continued this business in the same place for twenty- five years;

and when he finally made an alteration, it was only to build a larger factory on cheaper ground, and to remain a glue manufacturer until he died.

He was but a young man when, about ten years later, he became interested in the development of the American iron industry.

In he associated with others in the management of iron-works near Baltimore.

Disposing of his interest in these, he started a rolling and wire mill in New York City, where he made the first attempt in the application of anthracite coal to the reduction of iron.

This mill was removed to Trenton, N.

J., in 1845, where it is still in operation on an extensive scale.

It is an interesting fact in his career that the first locomotive in general use on this continent was built by Mr. Cooper at Baltimore, after his own designs, and was worked on the Baltimore and Ohio

R. R.

The first trip of this locomotive was made under the hands of Mr. Cooper himself as the engineer.

He had for many years been prominently identified with most of the important public undertakings having reference to the development of science and social improvement.

In the electric telegraph, for instance, he was warmly interested from its earliest conception, and invested his money liberally for its establishment.

But his name is especially famous through his public spirit and practical charity.

Few men have, during their lifetime, expended so much of their money in the cause of public and social elevation, and a grander monument to the earnest zeal of a single man in the education of youth in practical industrial.lines, and in the promotion of scientific investigation generally, does not exist than that which the Cooper Institute in New York represents.

When Mr. Cooper was working at the bench of the carriage shop, he earned a little money now and then at wood-carving; with this money he bought books to read and study, and paid for the services of a teacher in the evening.

This period of his life taught him the value ot evening schools, and it is said he then determined to devote his years to the accumulation of wealth that he might found an institution where working boys and girls could have free instruction.

It was more than forty years before that plan took definite form in an act of the State Legislature "to enable Peter Cooper to found a scientific institution in the city of New York,"but the purpose, once formed, he never departed from.

In 1858 the foundation stone of the Cooper Union was laid.

A scroll buried with it has this inscription "The great

39° PETER COOPER.

object that I desire to accomplish by the erection of this Institution is to open the avenues of scientific knowledge to the youth of our city and country, and so unfold the volume of Nature that the young may see the beauties of creation, enjoy its blessings, and learn to love the

Author from whom cometh every good and perfect gift."The cost of this building, with its recent enlargement, and the endowments made from time to time to meet the growth of the seven departments of instruction, extends into millions, but its beneficent effects upon the thousands of young men and women who have attended its classes are utterly beyond computation.

Upward of three thousand students attend in the course of a single session, and the instruction and lectures are given gratuitously.

Mr. Cooper had few aspirations of a political nature, although from time to time he accepted official positions in the interest of public improvement.

In 1876 he was nominated for President of the United States by the Greenback party, on the basis, apparently of his opinion, which he had made known by an occasional pamphlet, that the government should make the currency a legal tender for all debts and government dues, fix its value by the interest paid on it when converted into bonds, prevent overissues by strict and just regulations as to the issue of bonds or currency, and let the people themselves always regulate the relative amount of each by an interconvertible bond.

During his later years, he now and then addressed the public from the platform and through "Open Letters"or a pamphlet, in which he discussed, with sincerity, vigor and and much practical judgment, the financial and social questions of the day.

He did not echo the views of the majority in these publications.

The laboring man always found him a friend.

He aided labor organizations, and frequently in his speeches, and in other ways, took up what he believed to be their cause.

Few persons who have been accustomed to attend public gatherings in New York, for the discussion of matters of national or community importance have not seen Mr. Cooper on the platform.

His appearance was very striking: a tall man, erect and lithe in movement in spite of his age, with strong features, yet less furrowed than those of many men twenty years younger.

His forehead was broad and high, and the lines of the sides of his face tapered from his temples to his chin.

A pair of oldfashioned spectacles with green sideshades usually covered his eyes, and his hair, long and silvery; hung down to his shoulders, while a long fringe of white beard surrounded the lower portion of his face.

Instead of abating, his interest in the Institute grew with his years, and though he was willing to put aside the claims of his business, he grew more and more engrossed in his system of industrial education.

He used to visit the Institute every day, unless the weather was violently stormy, and nearly every one of the attacks of sickness that came upon him of late years was traceable directly to exposure to cold during these visits, or other out-of-door excursions to which his active mind prompted him.

It was his custom of recent years to breakfast in his own room.

He was not a late sleeper, and was ready to enter his carriage and ride to the Cooper Union, always before noon, and usually by ten o'clock.

By that time, moreover, he had informed himself of the news and discussions of the day by having the newspapers read to him.

After spending about two hours in the building, dividing his time between the office and the various departments, he would drive down-town to his old place of business No.

Burling Slip, or to one or the other of the corporations in which he was interested.

Usually by 3 o'clock he was back in his home, where he took luncheon, and rested in his easy-chair till dinner-time.

He received many callers, being accessible to every one at almost all hours.

In his diet, as in all other personal habits, he was exceedingly simple;

milk having formed his chief nutriment for the last ten years.

In his address at the funeral of Mr.

A POEM.

Cooper, who died on the 4th of April, 1883, the Rev. Robert Collyer said, what is strangely true, that the founder of the Cooper Institute "stands alone, so far as

I know, among the men who would do some great work for the help and blessing of the whole nation, and have lived to see that work perfected in their own life and time."CUTTING HAIR.

Whether the hair should be cut I could never quite satisfy myself.

As a physiological practice, I seriously doubt the propriety. Every cutting is a wounding, and there is some sort of bleeding in consequence, and waste of vital force.

I think that it will be found that long-lived persons most frequently wear their hair long.

The cutting of hair stimulates to a new growth, to supply the waste.

Thus the energy required to maintain the vigor of the body is drawn off to make good the wanton destruction.

It is said, I know, that after the hair has grown to a certain length it loses its vitality at the extremity and splits or "booms up;"whether this would be so if the hair should never be cut, I would like to know.

When it is cut a fluid exudes, and forms a scar or cicatrix at each wounded extremity, indicating that there has been injury.

Women and priests have generally worn long hair.

I never could imagine why this distinction was made.

The ancient priest was very often unsexed or devoted to a vow of celibacy, but I can not surmise whether that had anything to do with it.

Kings wore their hair long in imitation of Samson and the golden sun-god Mithias.

I suspect from this that the first men shorn were slaves and laborers; that freedmen wore their hair unmutilated, as the crown of perfect manhood and manliness.

If this be correct the new era of freedom, when it ever shall dawn, will be characterized by men unshorn as well as women unperverted.

I wish that our science and civilization had better devices for preserving the integrity of the hair.

Baldness is a deformity, and premature whiteness a defect.

If the head was in health, and the body in proper vigor, I am confident that this would not be.

I am apprehensive that our dietetic habits occasion the •bleaching of the hair; the stiff, arsenicprepared hat is responsible for much of the baldness.

Our hats are unhealthy, from the tricks of the hatters.

I suppose however, there are other causes.

Heredity has its influence.

Certain diseases wither at its roots; others lower the vitality of the skin, and so depilate the body.

I acknowledge that the shingled head disgusts me.

It can not be wholesome.

The most sensitive part of the head is at the back where the neck joins.

That place exposed to unusual heat or cold is liable to receive an injury that will be permanent, if not fatal, in a short time.

The whole head wants protection; and the hair affords this as no other protection can.

Men have beards because they need them, and it is wicked to cut them off.

No growth or part of the body is superfluous, and we ought, as candidates of health and long life, to preserve ourselves from violence or mutilation.

Integrity is the true manly standard.

From the lowest depth, there is a path to the loftiest height.—Carlyle.

A POEM On the Latter-day Dispensation, showing, when Jehovah speaks, "What fools these Mortals be."When Zion's long appointed time, foretold in sacred pages,

Had come, by faith and promise, as looked for through the ages,

Then came the Eternal Father, in plenitude of power,

And revealed Himself in person, in this the eleventh hour.

A POEM.

His royal Son was present on that eventful day,

And pointing, said, "Behold my Son, hear Him and Him obey."

Thus spake the great Jehovah, as man would speak to man,

And thus the Church of Jesus Christ in latter-days began.

Not only these great Potentates of everlasting fame,

But Moses and Elijah and other Prophets came.

Thus blending frail humanity, with all the name implies,

With Rulers of the Universe, and Legates of the skies.

Three witnesses were chosen, and unto them was given

To see the great Moroni, a messenger from heaven,

Who showed them the engravings, and plates of golden hue,

And bade them handle, and to bear a record, strange, but true.

As they were so directed, they saw, and felt, and knew,

The records and the messenger were genuine and true.

Nor did they ever waver midst all the scenes of strife,

But testified persistently throughout their checkered life.

The honored Seer was but a boy—had seen but fourteen years

To whom the future was portrayed through both the hemispheres;

'Twas shown that 'mongst the nations he would form a brotherhood,

His name be known in every land for evil and for good.

They told him not to fraternize with any sect or creed,

That all were vague and spurious, and led by selfish greed;

They had neither Faith nor Priesthood, nor Gospel that could save

Themselves and those that slumber in dark and silent grave.

They gave the tyro keys and powers to formulate the scheme

Devised to found a Kingdom and every soul redeem

E'en every son of Adam who would subjugate his will,

In this or in the spirit world, and righteous laws fulfil.

The record he translated by gift, and power, and grace

Of God, th'Eternal Father of all the human race.

And those who will may read and learn the history sublime

Of nations on this continent, down from remotest time.

He organized the Church of Christ as 'twas in days of yore,

Its officers and rites complete, no fewer, and no more;

Its faith and gifts and miracles were thus restored again,

And with the Church of latter days forever will remain.

He taught mankind to worship the true and living God,

Who in the form of perfect man the earth again has trod.

He taught the only Gospel the Gods have ever given,

To elevate the sons of men from earth to reign in heaven.

Among our great reformers he stands without a peer,

Combining all the qualities of Prophet, Priest and Seer;

And in the role of statesman prescribed a plan to save Thousands who now lie mouldering in fratricidal grave.

He urged upon philanthropists, by sale of lands to raise

Wherewith to buy the negroes, and let them end their days

With slavish bonds unshackled, and thus avert the day

When the gory field of battle would be the only way.

In eighteen hundred thirty-two he told the name of State

In which the dread rebellion would surely culminate;

That in the bloody conflict the slaves would marshalled be

Against their masters, and 'twould end in death and misery.

A POEM.

The counsel was unheeded, as now is known, too well, For in the great rebellion legions of warriors fell,

And untold lives and treasure was e'en the costly price

Of failure in observing the Prophet's sound advice.

He taught sincere repentance, that men should all obey

The everlasting Gospel, restored in God's own way.

He guaranteed the sacred gifts that man could not bestow,

E'en gifts that from the Source of Truth in heaven can only flow.

Refusal by Jehovah to verify the bond,

A failure to bestow the gifts on those who did respond,

Would have solved the "Mormon problem,"and ended all its strife,

When no one would have wished to take the great Apostle's life.

But every word and prophecy were backed with vital power,

His work has been triumphant in every trying hour;

With this eternal Priesthood there's no such thing as fail, For, guided by Omnipotence, they must and will prevail.

They grapple with emergencies and breast the surging wave,

And some o'er death have triumphed, and rest in silent grave;

They're uncompromising heroes, 'mid scenes of Gentile strife,

And fight for truth and liberty in jeopardy of life.

No greater revolution on earth was e'er begun;

More splendid victories for truth the Prophets never won.

They've gathered ransomed legions from far and distant lands,

Dispelled the fogs of ages, and broke the tyrant bands.

And this is but commencement, a beginning of the plan,

Projected in eternity before the world began,

To found a righteous Kingdom, whose power will never end,

Where every man will meet in peace a brother and a friend.

The ultimatum of the Saints will be supremely great,

And Utah, now oppressed, will be the great Millennial State.

'Tis futile for despotic fiends to play their venal game,

For Zion will eclipse her foes, and put them all to shame.

No grasping tyrant then will seek his fellow to oppress,

Nor dare to subjugate the weak, and place him in duress;

The Saints must have their heritage, and hinder it, who can?

Since Heaven has vested power on earth to execute the plan.

'Tis folly and presumption for mortals to contend

Against the Priest or Prophet the Lord may choose to send

No matter if the chosen one should be the merest youth,

He's bound to win the battle when vested with the truth.

'Twere better men had ne'er been born, than human tyrants be;

And better with a millstone be cast into the sea,

Than harm the Lord's Anointed, or least of all His Saints,

For retribution follows a righteous man's complaints.

The tempest and tornado, and e'en the dread cyclone,

Are ministers to execute fiats from the Unknown.

And lightnings, plagues and pestilence are also held in store,

To waste besotted nations till the wicked rule no more.

Then rally all ye noblemen from every sect and creed,

And help us fight the battles 'gainst tyranny and greed,

Nor rest upon our armor till human rights shall be O'er all the earth extended, and every soul be free.

James H. Hart.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, July, 1883.

AN EFFECT OF DISFRANCHISEMENT.

The effect of the disfranchisement of the founders and old settlers of Utah should be to bring forward their sons and daughters, filled with an intense and determined zeal to control the political affairs of the Territory.

The erasures of names from the poll lists have been entirely in the interests of the clamorous minority, who have thus far succeeded in getting government help to place them in power.

The object of the agitation leading to the passage of the Edmunds law was purely political.

The men principally engaged in securing this law are notorious political tricksters, whose assumption of outraged moral sensibilities, to those who know them, is the most absurd pretext.

They could stand Mormon immorality, if it were what they represent it to be, for a thousand years, if they were only in office.

And, indeed, if it were what they say it is, their refined souls would be much less exercised than at present in their vain endeavors to make it so.

This class of men who take time to stir up and keep boiling the agitation against the Mormons, is the class that expects to make a living in the public service.

Office is their watchword, and the public treasury the goal of their sincerest desire.

They have come to Utah to make money easily, and to get a living by the sweat of other men's brows.

They own no property, pay no taxes, have no political following, and but for the support of a prejudiced and thoughtless public, excited by the misrepresentations of hireling priests, their names would never be known beyond their own little circle.

They are the very worst men in the world to entrust with office.

In their own homes, where they are known, they would pine forever, before being elected.

Many of the so-called "Liberals"who vote for them here, have no confidence in them whatever, and cast their ballots in their favor, purely on the principle of "anything to beat the

Mormons."These men in possession ol the offices and places of trust in the Territory would mean, oppression, waste, increased taxes, bribery, malfeasance and the whole catalogue of political corruption, which abounds in the world, but from which Utah is almost free.

The men who came here in early days, and whose labors and struggles, almost unparalleled in the world's history, have made the desert and waste places a garden and home for tens of thousands, were men who have been honest and faithful in administering public affairs;

they have kept taxation low, have preserved the credit of the Territory, and have been just to the people.

They are the largest property owners, and have more substantial interests in the Territory than any other citizens.

They are the best informed, have the largest experience, and in all respects are best qualified, as a rule, to hold office and wield political affairs of any men in Utah, and they are, to a great extent, the men who are deprived of political rights by the law of Congress.

That such should be true is a sad comment upon the spirit of the times that obtains in place of the heaven inspired sense of freedom and democratic principle which actuated the founders of our nation.

The same influence that declared the colonies, "free and independent States,"would, if it were the prevailing one today, abolish the Territorial system in all the domain of this great country.

There are no American statesmen who will attempt to account for the continued existence of such a government as we have in Utah Territory, on republican princi-

EDITORIAL.

pies.

It is unrepublican enough to require a people to respect appointees in the judicial, say nothing of the executive department, and when it comes to subjecting the legislative to the manipulation of an appointed examining board, and the absolute veto of an appointed governor, an outrage is committed upon the system of government our fathers founded, and God and reason proclaim to be the best in the world.

The Territories, however, have never had very much of that kind of government provided for in the Constitution, and as the people of Utah are notorious for their long-suffering and patience, their enemies are trying to strike from before their gaze the one beacon of hope with which the Territories are usually comforted—admission into the Union.

The hope of the minority is to get control, by reducing the great majority here and getting the remainder counted out.

They have succeeded, temporarily, in the process of reduction, by the disfranchisement, but it will take wilder counting than Governor Murray is renowned for, to complete their triumph.

That the slightest flaw or appearance of irregularity will be taken advantage of to effect their purpose, the experience of the past teaches us, and in doing so should warn the guardians of the people's interests to be on the alert, vigilant and active.

That the polygamists of Utah are barred from voting and holding office does not argue that their rights to those privileges are diminished; the fact is, their rights have been most villainously outraged, and the highest duty of the members of the People's party who are not yet ruled out, is to maintain this position in every place they may be caTled to occupy.

It is doubtless wise to wage the contest on constitutional rights and principles, which are in question, in the courts of law, and in the meantime to comply with the rulings and submit—our protest being entered—to the indignities it is made the duty of the Commissioners to heap upon us, though they might, with becoming grace, administer the functions of their office as prescribed by law, without going out of their province to make law.

Thus, waiving the main question the disfranchisement, which our people are too loyal to republican principles ever to submit to, except temporarily the duty of preserving what is left of freedom devolves upon those who are eligible under the Commissioners'rulings to vote and hold office.

This condition of affairs of necessity brings to the front many inexperienced and untried men.

It cannot fail to produce a greater or less feeling of insecurity, though we believe among the younger adult population of Utah there is an element as true and trustworthy as ever lived in any community.

The first generation of Utah men—men born in Utah—have imbibed from their patriotic fathers the spirit of liberty and love of justice which, intensified by the early history of the Territory and the outrageous legal proceedings of carpetbaggers in later years, qualifies them with the first requisite for statesmen undefiled patriotism.

The preservation of our homes, which have been wrested from the sterile and forbidding desert, by the hand of industry and patience, is, next to personal freedom, the first duty of freemen.

It is one that the young people of Utah will perform without wavering.

It has often been said, in years gone by, of the rough boys of these mountains, that they may not live their religion but that they would die for it.

That is, they may not always take the interest in mental improvement and social progress and spiritual culture that is desired but if anybody attempts to rob them of liberty or material possessions, or to abuse the men they respect, beyond endurance, he would better look out.

Now the long period of peace we have enjoyed and the uniform prosperity that has been vouchsafed to us, have afforded educational opportunities that have been taken advantage of, and the organization of Improvement Associations in this connection has exerted a powerful influence in developing their intellectual and spiritual faculties, thus preparing many for useful careers in the

S/P JOHN FRANKLIN.

public service, with needful mental attainments and with no diminution of their bold, physical hardihood, which of itself is an element of power.

We anticipate seeing in the legislative halls and in the county and Territorial offices of the Territory young men, who will win for themselves the admiration and support of the people generally and who will do honor to the Territory as its representatives in local and general assemblies, where their voices and votes will be found declaring for free government, domestic peace and the right of every man to enjoy the highest possible degree of liberty.

SIR JOHN FRANKLIN.

One day toward the close of the last century a young English lad, named John Franklin, spent a holiday with a companion in a walk of twelve miles from their school at Louth, to look at the sea from the level shores of his native county.

It was the first time that the boy had ever gazed on the wonderful expanse, and his heart was strangely stirred.

The youngest of four sons, he had been intended for the ministry of the Church of England, but that day's walk fixed his purposes in another direction, and though he knew it not, he was to serve God and man even more nobly by heroic deeds than he could have done by the wisest and most persuasive words.

Mr.

Franklin was a wise man, and when he found his son bent on a sailor's life, determined to give him a taste of it, in hope that this would be enough.

John was therefore taken from school at the age of thirteen, and sent in a merchantman to Lisbon. The Bay of Biscay, however, did not cure his enthusiasm;

and so we next find John Franklin as a midshipman on board the Polyphemus, seventy-four guns.

These were stirring times.

In 1S01, young Franklin's ship led the line in the battle of Copenhagen, and in 1805, having been transferred to the Bellerophon, he held charge of the signals at the battle of Trafalgar, bravely standing at his post and coolly attending to his work while the dead and dying fell around him.

Between these two dates Franklin had accompanied an exploring voyage to Australia on board the Investigator, gaining in that expedition not only a great store of facts to be treasured up for use in his eager and retentive mind, but those habits of observation which were to be of the greatest service to him in after years.

On his return home in another vessel—the Porpoise—Franklin and his companions were wrecked upon a coral reef, where ninety-four persons remained for seven weeks on a narrow sandbank less than a quarter of a mile in length, and only four feet above the surface of the water.

It was in 1818 that the young lieutenant first set sail for the Polar Sea, as second commander of the Trent, under

Captain'Buchan.

The aim was to cross between Spitzbergen and Greenland; but the companion vessel, the Dorothea, being greatly injured by the ice, the two had to return to England, after reaching the eightieth degree of latitude.

A year later Lieutenants Franklin and

Parry were placed at the head of expeditions, the latter to carry on the exploration through

Baffin's Bay, and to find an outlet, if possible, by Lancaster Sound.

This was splendidly done, and the Northwest Passage'practically discovered.

The task of Franklin was more arduous.

He had to traverse the vast solitary wastes of Northeastern America, with their rivers and lakes, to descend to the mouth of the Coppermine

River and to survey the coast eastward.

The toil and hardship of this wonderful expedition, and the brave endurance of

Franklin and his friend Richardson, and their trusty helpers, have often been related.

They had to contend with famine and illness, with the ignorance and treachery of the Indians, who murdered

SIR JOHN FRANKLIN.

three of the party.

The land journey altogether extended over five thousand five hundred miles, occupying a year and six months.

In less than two years after their return to England, Franklin, Richardson and Back volunteered for another expedition to the same region.

In 1825 the second expedition started, Franklin mournfully leaving the deathbed of his wife, to whom he had been married after his last return to England.

This brave lady not only let him go, though she knew she was dying, but begged him not to delay one day for her!

At New York Franklin heard of her death, but manfully concealed his grief, and pressed on to the northern wastes.

As before, his object was to survey the northern shore, only this time by the Mackenzie river, instead of the Coppermine.

This expedition, too, was full of stirring adventure among the

Esquimaux, though without the terrible hardships and calamities of the former journey.

It was also crowned with great success, leaving in the end only one hundred and fifty miles of the coast from

Baffin's Bay to Behring's Straits unsurveyed.

These, too, were explored in later years by Franklin's successors, and the great discovery of the Northwest Passage completed.

Franklin was now made commander;

in 1829 was knighted and covered with honors by the University of Oxford and the great learned 'societies in England and France.

He had married his second wife in—the Lady Franklin of the later story.

In 1832 Sir John Franklin was given the command of the Rainbow, on the Mediterranean station;

and so wise and gracious was his rule, that the sailors nicknamed the sloop "The Celestial Rainbow"and "Franklin's Paradise."But we have no space to speak of this now, nor of Franklin's wise and gracious government of Van Dieman's Land, now better known as Tasmania, that succeeded.

Lady Franklin was here his wise and devoted helper in every scheme of usefulness and benevolence.

Returning to England, he was appointed, in 1845, to tne command of an expedition for the further discovery of the Northwest Passage.

The ships Ere-- bus and Terror sailed from England on the 26th of May, and were seen by the crew of the Prince of Wales, a whaler, on the 26th of July, in Melville Bay, for the last time.

Toward the close of 1847, serious anxiety was aroused respecting the fate of these brave explorers.

The brave-hearted, devoted wife of the commander expended her whole fortune on these endeavors to ascertain what had become of her husband.

It is interesting to note that the people of Tasmania, Franklin's colony, subscribed the sum of ^"1,700 toward the expenses of the search.

In the year 1850, it was discovered that the first Winter of the explorers to the following April, or later (1846), had been spent at Beechey Island, beyond Lancaster Sound, and that it had been an active holiday time.

In 1854, an exploring party, under Dr.

Rae, were told by the Esquimaux that several white men, in number about forty, had been seen dragging a boat over the ice near the north shore of King William's Land, and that, bodies and skeletons were afterward found on the mainland opposite, by the banks of the Great Fish River.

Many relics of this party were procured by Dr. Rae from the natives, and being brought to

England were identified as belonging to the Franklin explorers.

On this Dr.

Rae received the Government reward of ^"10,000.

In 1S59 Lady Franklin bought and fitted the yacht

Fox, which she placed under the command of Captain Leopold

McClintock.

The expedition set sail from Aberdeen, and on reaching King

William's Land, divided into three sledging parties, under Lieutenant Hobson,

Captain Young and McClintOck himself.

In Boothia several relics were discovered, such as would be dropped or left behind by men too weak to carry the usual belongings of a boat or sledge.

At Point Victory a cairn, or heap of stones, was discovered by Lieutenant Hudson, with a paper, inclosed in a tin case, which too clearly told its sad story.

After a memorandum of progress up to May 28th, 1847, "All well,"it was added

GEORGE A. SMITH.

• on the same paper:

"April 25th, 1848.

H. M. ships Terror and Erebus were deserted 22d April, five leagues N. W.

of this, having been beset since 12th September, 1846. The officers and crews, consisting of one hundred and five souls, under the command of Captain F. R. M.

Crozier, landed here in latitude 69 degrees, 37 minutes, 42 seconds

N., longitude degrees minutes W.

Sir John Franklin died on the nth June, 1847; and the total loss of deaths in the expedition has been to this date nine officers and fifteen men.

Signed, F. R.

M. Crozier, Captain and Senior

Officer, James Fitzjames, Captain H. M. S. Erebus.

And start on to-morrow, 26th April, 1848, for Back's Fish River."From this point two boats, with heavilyladen sledges, seem to have been dragged forward while strength lasted.

One boat was left on the shore of King

William's Land, and was found by Captain

McClintock with two skeletons;

also boats'stores of various kinds, five watches, two double-barreled guns, loaded, a few religious books, a copy of the "Vicar of Wakefield,"twenty-six silver spoons and forks, and many other articles.

Esquimaux related that the men dragging the boat "dropped as they walked."The other boat was crushed in the ice.

No trace but a floating spar or two, and drift-wood embedded in the ice was ever found of the Erebus or Terror.

Truly the "Franklin relics,"brought from amid the regions of snow and ice, are a possession of which those know the value who know how great a thing it is to walk on in the path of duty, with brave defiance of peril, and above all, a steadfast dependence upon God.

Selected.

GEORGE A.

SMITH.

VIII.

DEATH AND CHARACTER.

During the absence of President Smith on his Palestine tour, he was appointed and sustained as Trustee-inTrust for the Church, which office he held until his death.

On his return from that tour he gave considerable attention to the building of the Temple at St.

George, where he spent a great deal of time.

He was.a zealous advocate and laborer in the establishment of the United Order among the people.

The discourses he delivered, in many of the towns of Utah, upon that subject were pre-eminently characteristic of him as a political and domestic economist.

He believed in the principle of communities producing, as far. as possible, whatever they had to consume, and taught this lesson in his preaching, and practice of preferring home productions in purchasing.

In the Spring of 1S75, about the time of his return from St. George, Brother George A. was attacked with a severe cold, which, locating in his lungs, inflamed and irritated them in such a way as to prevent their use in public speaking.

This affliction was supplemented with a very peculiar affection preventing sleep, except in an upright posture, and then but at short intervals.

He suffered intensely from this combination of diseases for several months, resisting the power of the Destroyer with all the fortitude of a strong will and a desire to live, aided by the most sublime faith. He had the support of the prayers of all the people, among whom he was ever a great favorite; but they did not prevail over the decree of Him who doeth all things well.

"Brother George A's time had come,"was the expression of all his friends, and on Wednesday morning, September 1st, 1875, they bowed to the eternal fiat.

He had been restless during the previous night, rising often and walking about, and in the morning was dressed and walked from his bed room into the adjoining sittingroom, where he was telling Dr.

S. B.

Young how he felt.

His wife was sitting near him.

He had been, apparently, as near death many times during his illness

GEORGE A. SMITH.

as on this occasion.

The change came suddenly;

there were no contortions or struggles, two long drawn breaths and a straightening up of his body were the only signs that gave his family notice of his departure;

his head fell in the arms of his wife;

life had fled.

All Israel mourned the loss of their counselor and friend.

He was spoken of as a pillar in the Temple of God on earth, a comparison which President Young corrected on the principle that no man could occupy such a position, as the work of God cannot be dependent upon the power of men, but in making the correction he did not in the least degree detract from the force of its intent in describing the great man of Zion, who had fallen to the grave. On the contrary, none paid the memory of Brother George A. so comprehensive and affectionate a tribute as the President, who remarked on the morning of his death:

"1 have known Brother George A.

Smith for forty-two years, have traveled and labored in the ministry with him for many years, and have believed him to be as faithful a boy and man as ever lived, and in my opinion he had as good a record on this and the other side of the vail as any man.

I never knew of his neglecting or overdoing a duty; he was a man of sterling integrity, a cabinet of history, and always true to his friends."The habit of "living within his means"was a conspicuous one in the life of Brother Smith.

He was careful not to incur debt, and while this prevented his undertaking extensive business enterprises, it at the same time relieved him of much care and anxiety and allowed him to attend to those other occupations more congenial to his disposition.

He taught the principles of domestic economy, by which he was governed, to the people, who will ever remember, as a characteristic of his short emphatic discourses, the plain, sound, practical sense displayed.

In the disposition of the people to extravagance in living and ostentation at funerals, Brother George A.

found occasion to use some very powerful arguments in favor of retrenchment.

In this connection, the following extract from his writings will serve to illustrate the views he entertained:

"While executing my will of date October 14, 1872, I inserted the following clause:

I wish to be buried in a coffin much larger than my natural size.

The expenses of an unostentatious funeral to be paid out of my undivided estate; the slab which designates my resting place shall not cost over one hundred dollars.

A coffin made of red pine or other mountain wood, plain, but well made, large enough to give ample room for the body to swell, with no unnecessary ornaments about it, and three half-inch holes bored in the bottom will be sufficient.

"At the funeral, I should like to have either the fifteenth chapter of 1st Corinthians, or the Vision in the book of Covenants, or an appropriate extract from the Book of Mormon read.

A few remarks by the Bishop of the Ward, or some of the Elders, exhorting the audience to faith and good works, such as would be* calculated to impress my children and friends with the importance of keeping the commandments of God, and such as would extend comfort and consolation to the minds of the living, would be in accordance with my wishes.

Let those who attend the funeral do so in clean attire, such as they would wear to.meeting on other occasions."Many disinterested acts of kindness marked the association of President Smith with all his friends.

Without ostentation he was ever bestowing to the right and left, what to those who received from his generous hand, appeared the most opportune and grateful of gifts.

He had a way of doing good and of accomplishing, without much ado, the aims he had in view that often created surprises for those who were not the most intimate observers.

His natural talents qualified him in an eminent degree for the labors of a legislator or lawyer, in both of which capacities he distinguished himself;

notably as a lawyer in one respect:

he practiced law purely to magnify the majesty of government and to defend the innocent.

In the celebrated Egan case, in which he

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

ably defended the accused, who was tried for killing his wife's seducer, he made as strong an argument and announced as pure principles of liberty in opposition to license as have ever been heard in a court room. He was successful in his practice and never took fees of any description for the aid he rendered his brethren at the courts of law. A characteristic feature of his public speaking was the brevity and directness of all his utterances; he was full of sparkling anecdote with which his discourses were ever illustrated and made delightful to his auditors.

In the forty odd years of Brother George A's ministry, he was at all times exemplary, true and just.

He never became weary in promulgating the eternal truths of Heaven, a special witness of which he was in deed as well as in his Apostolic calling. We remember him as among the noblest and best of men, the kindest and most patient of friends, the humblest and most devoted of the Lord's servants, and one whom to meet and associate with in the world beyond will be to realize one of the sweetest delights of heaven.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

The Preceptor.

The well-known interest of the author of this little work

Elder John Nicholson—in the religious cultivation of the young men of Israel, has long justified the hope that he would some time present them and the public with a tangible proof of his ingenious talent and ability as an instructor, which those who know him well have long recognized and admired.

We gratefully acknowledge the receipt of The Preceptor in this light.

It is a comprehensive method of presenting the principles of the Gospel to the inquirer, and especially serviceable in qualifying young men to meet the usual objections to the Principles, and in supplying them with the most appropriate and unanswerable arguments the Scriptures afford in their favor.

Without attempting a review of this work, we commend it to the attention of the Young Men's Associations, and suggest that it be purchased by them in quantities to supply each member with a copy.

It should then be adopted as a text book, and lessons from it incorporated in the programme as one of the regular exercises.

The Preceptor employed in this way will be discovered to be one of the most useful publications yet issued in the interests of the young people of Zion.

The price is twentyfive cents per copy.

For sale at Deseret News office and by all booksellers.

Extempore Speech.

A new work by Rev. Wm. Pettenger, of two hundred and sixty pages, divided into three parts to which the first is devoted to "Preliminary Considerations;"the second, "Preparation of the Speaker,"and the third, "Plan and Delivery of the Speech."The chapters under these heads are very comprehensive and tend to relieve the anxiety of the reader whose fears prevent him taking an active part in public speaking.

Any one who will carefully study the matter of this volume will learn, if he has it in him, to make a speaker, and receive many most valuable suggestions, in attaining proficiency in the art, not merely of oratory but more especially of arranging his thoughts in such order as to have them ready at the tongue's end whenever wanted. We consider this book a very useful one for the young men of Utah to read.

For sale by Jos. Hyrum Parry.

Price $1.50.

The Mormon Metropolis.

An illustrated guide to Salt Lake City, issued by

Joseph H.

Parry, fills a place that has long been vacant.

It is a very neat pamphlet of about fifty pages, well written, strictly authentic, and is the best index to points of interest, historical incidents and general information for tourists that has yet appeared.

It is an excellent publication to send abroad to friends who have never visited the city.

For sale by all booksellers.

Price twenty-five cents.

Erratum:

In the June No., page 328, line forty-four, second column, the word "thousand"should read "million."

S.P.TEASDEL.

SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoos, Hardware, Notions, £1 o"General Merchandise

BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P.

O. BOX. 352.

S. I\ TEASDEL, East Temple Street.

WALL PAPER, FEATHERS, BABY CARRIAGES, -^c-^ikie*zests Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window Cornices, Window Shades, Lace Curtains, Lambrequins, AT ^T mix FIRST SOUTH STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

124 & 126 EAST TEMPLE STREET, Are Receiving their Large and WELL SELECTED STCCK—OF [FpriiaSllMSf&fflis CONSISTING OF Fancy & Staple Brj Goods, Brocaded Velvets, Silks. Satins and Cassimeres.

Mostly our own Importations.

HOSIERY, CORSETS, LACES, NECKWEAR, -MiflTEfST DEJSI6]Sg.+—4I»D AT HcaAonable Mricc6.

ladta', ^1^^^'and fhildnm'jJ Show and flippers.

GENT'S AND BOYS'CLOTHING, FURNISHING GOODS,

HATS, BOOTS AND SHOES OF BEST QUALITY.

Ladies', Misses'and Children's polmans, cloaks & ulsters,

OIP LATEST STYLES OCR CARPET DEPARTMENT Is Complete in Every Line.

MILLINERY in all its Branches, Newest Designs and Styles.

LYNCH & OOTTRELL, RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South Streets- G MEAL AGENTS FOR UTAII.

IDAHO AND MONTANA.

—FOK THE—

I SFBHTO WAQQBS,—ALSO—

a_A-IR,:R,I.A.a-:EJS and HARlsTESS.

Dealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

$m To Purchasers of Home-mads SOOTS and SHOES, The just renown of the Boots and Shoes made by Z.C.M.L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Goods.

§ 865- BEWARE OF IMITATION, -©a Purchase only those BEARING OUR BRAND.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer In Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapets, Victor Cane

Mills, James Le'"- •fel's Turbine Wheels, Kconomy Portable H;iy

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Stec-1 Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church B«.-lls, Kennedy's celebrated Slieep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, wi m vmmiL mams, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P.

0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAZE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

H. W. SPENCER.

Wr*jr& & 8®mmceb9 M.

R. EVANS.

Walker Opera House, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1C19.

DEALERS IN u%ii#m CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY, Cases,

Field and Opera Classes, Notions, Eto.

Al*o a Fine Stoch of TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES AND SMOKERS'ARTICLES.

iSTTJID EBAKLBR^S CO S3 >1 Co so Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are four stories in height.

The fioorage surface is twenty acres.

The 'Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work -would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

1 1 SIM.

PURCHASERS OF BOOKS!

^F Lately Burned Out, Is prepared to Furnish All Kinds of

BOOKS for the Y. M.M.I. A.

LIBRARIES, AT LOWEST PRICES.

The Mutual Interest of the Associations will be strengthened by patronizing him.

Buy your Libraries at the

iMiiii!^i:;iiiiM!;ii;;ii-m':;!iiK^^ oms-m^. mM^mw asiii nmi ^ii/i 'PlilM!li*