VOL.

IV.

MARCH, 1883.

No.

6.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAI/T LAKE CITY, UTAH,

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1883.

George A. Smith.

VI.

rioneeiing Means of Improvement Lhas.

W.

Stayner.

Hildel rand and Htnry IV Ed.

E. Brain American Presidents James H.

Hart....

Eternal Duration of Matter.

VI Parley P. Pratt Sermons and Writings of the Frophets.

Object ol Gathering Joseph Smith The Bible in Egypt Ruby Lamont The Missing Link 0. F.

Whitney The Head of Gold Hannah T. Kins?...

Signs of Christ's Coming.

V.

The Gathering Robert S. Spence....

'1 he Echo Canyon War.

IV.

Lot Smith's Narrative Concluded

Atheism and Infidelity J, L. Robison '1 he Olive Tree Selected.

Pride, in Work H. W. Naisbitl A Scene in Virginia J.

L.

Townsemd..

..

Editorial:

Success of our Delegates Temperance Lecture Moses Thatcher Association Intelligence:

Notice Quarterly Conferences—Summit, Sevkr, Salt Lake

IGK.

21s 2?4 ^CLOTHING, BOOTS, SHOES, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS,*sJ SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

\ i$M? A. W 4t$Pfe 1M ^« fefc /PAA?WW%m?>W P* I fw apSkm£Wm|6s$S§ SO 2£®^IF SI ImS im.Mm sp aj> «* «j> <^p ajj «(p *ya Vi» v c*> v w *<p °ip AMMOUNCE A §lS9f.iii Worth, Wholesale and Eeta.il, to be sold at Bargains tins year, IA WABBHOUSB, ^Opposite Z. C. M.

I

t l.. id. ac ^\.. -sr©TT:&Ta-,

OOTS ^ SHOE 44 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

STUDEBAKER BROS.

IY1ANTG CO. \ ^y, South BendM MANUFACTURERS OF Farm„FreigM § SpringWagons, CABB1AUS aad BU9QI1S.

A 7 sizes and styles of which we carry in stock, or will build to any special order on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, descriptions and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New Styles.

€MMW JMAM BMAW€ JM MQUaB% JAS.

B. GLASS, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Manager.

HOWAED SEBREE, AT S-A.3L.T 3L.«A-srs ^.irr> oo-idsit, -wt^es, SELLS THE TIGER AND SELF-DUMPING DAY RAK The Best in.

the Market.

Also the Champion Reapers and Mowers* A iull stock of th, celebrated Bain Wagons.

Racine Spring Wagons cein't be excelled'Oliver Chilled, and, Moline Plows49"AIX GOODS WARRANTED.

SEND FOR PRICE LISTS. ^.TEA L SALT LAKE CITY* Dry Wholesale and Retail Dealer in foods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, kfn n d d s * General Merchants BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P. O. BOX. 352.

S. £\ TEASDEL, East Temple Street WALL PAPER, FEATHERS, BABY CARRIAGES,

LinolcumSf Oil Cloth, Mats, Window Cornices, Window Shades, Lace Curtains, Lambrequins,

IX»HifiW#i}i mm® FIRST SOUTH STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

SUBSCRIBE FOR THE CONTRIBUTOR!

PRICE, Two Dollars a Year, in Advance TO CLUBS OF TEN AN EXTRA COPY FREE.

To Missionaries in their Field of Labor, Half the Regular Price,

SUBSCRIPTIONS BEGIN, WITH THE FIRST NUMBER OF THE VOLUME UNLESS OTHERWISE

ORDERED, BOUND VOLUMES, I, II, III, Price, $2.30 each.

NEW COAL YARD, CHARCOAL and WOOD DEPOT!

Agent for SALT LAKE CITY, for the Celebrated ggPLEASANT iHALLBY GOAhlSf Office, First Door East of ^JW^ Yard on Second South Street, two

Wasatch Drug Store.

Blocks West of U. C. Ry.

WIE SELL ZB"3T CAB LOAD, Ton or smaller quantity at Yard, or delivered to any part of the City.

FULL WEIGHT, CLEAN COAL and SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

Delivered by- the Ton at $6.50.

Half Ton $3.25 In quantities of Three Tons, and less than Car Loads, 6.00.

In Car Loads, at Mine Weight, $5.25 per Ton, delivered.

LARGE STOCK OF WOOD AND CHARCOAL, CONSTANTLY ON HAND.

ORDERS SOLICITED AND PROMPTLY FILLED.

g|g BTJ-2"THE SCHTJTTLER P GEO.

^l. LOWE, OGDBN, TJTAH, and. SALT LAKE CITY, "UTAH.

A Large and Complete Assortment always on hand.

Dealer in all kinds of the AGENT FOR. THE CELEBRATED DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel DBa.lia3.gr "Wire and. DFatesit Bale Ties.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pumps, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, L:ine Saw Mills, Hour Mill Machinery,

Dederick Hoisting Engines.

Correspondence Solicited and Enquirers Promptly Answered.

SALT LAKE CITY.

C^EO.

-£-- TjO-WrE, OGDEN, UTAH

m w^P^ GENTS'FURNISHING GOODS Riveted Duck Hunting Coats, Vests, Pants, 10 oz. Blanket Lined Canvas Coats, $3.50 each.

1.25 3.50 COTTOUADES:

25 pieces Cottonades (Heavy), 161, worth 30 cents per Yard.

Kentucky Jeans, 12J, (PI J& 'smcms> Tapestry Brussels, Body Moquetts, Three Plys, Ingrains, 80c, 90c, $1.00 'per Yard.

$1.35, $1.50, 1.75 1.55, 1.75, 2.50 1.15, 1.25, 1.35 90c, 1.00, 1.15 Silt®, 250 Sacks Dry Salt Bacon.

20,000 lbs- Choice New Uncanvassed Hams.

10,000 lbs. Choice Breakfast Bocon.

500 Chests Choice Japan Teas.

200 Bags Choice Coffees, 500 Butts Tobaccos.

1,000 Boxes Kirk's Family Soaps.

1,000 Boxes Mining Candles.

300 Cases Fairbank's Lard.

Our Stock of all Classes belonging to GROCERS SUNDRIES is now Complete.

Mail Orders will (Receive (Prompt Attention.

lKJIIll.liPl§iiii RRA W A,ij tv SU -Ki U!(.- *^ifppil|P

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

IV.

MARCH, 1883.

No.

6.

GEORGE A.

SMITH.

VI.

PIONEERING.

A very significant circumstance in the life of Brother Smith—one which the world would consider so, and one which we view as of the highest honor and consequence, was recorded in his journal as follows:

"Before leaving the Temple of Nauvoo, my wife, under the law of Abraham and Sarah, gave me five wives, viz:

Lucy Smith, born February 9, 181 7,

Newry, Maine;

Nancy Clement, born October 31, 1815, Dryden, Tompkins Co.,

New York; Zilpha Stark, born July 3,1818,

Hartland, Niagara Co., New York; Sarah

Ann Libby, born May 7, 1818, Ossippee, Stratford Co., New Hampshire; Hannah

Maria Libby, born June 29, 1828, Ossippee,

Stratford Co., New Hampshire;"he also married Susan E. West after he reached the Valley.

Five of Brother George A.'s wives survived him. They bore unto him twenty children, eleven of whom, among them Apostle John Henry Smith, at present the President of the European Mission, are living.

The autobiography contains the succeeding condensed account of pioneering experience, in which the discerning reader will not fail to see many expressions characteristic of the writer, which afford fine examples of his courage, patriotism and devotion to the broad religious principles which engaged his whole thought and life's desire:

"Four teamsters that I had employed to drive teams for myself and family, enlisted in the battalion raised for the Mexican war, leaving me in charge of five ox teams. When five hundred of our young and able bodied men—the flower of our camp—were enlisted, we found ourselves unable to proceed to the Rocky Mountains.

We were compelled to remain on the Missouri River, the main body of our people locating at Winter Quarters, now Florence, Nebraska; the residue scattered in companies of fifty families throughout the Pottawotamie country.

While in Winter Quarters, the people suffered severely from scurvy, a disease induced through lack of vegetable diet.

My third wife and four children died of this disease.

This place is remembered by the Saints as a place of much sickness and distress, though I believe the location was a healthy one.

I visited all the camps, and urged the cultivation of the potatoe as a cure for the scurvy.

But little seed could be obtained; what was, however, produced in a marvelous manner.

We had no vegetables for one year;

our bread was mostly made of corn, brought two hundred miles from Missouri.

The season after I left Pottawotamie County, the potatoe crop was a failure, and the saying went forth that it was because George A., "the potato saint,"had gone to the mountains.

"In I accompanied President Young and the company of pioneers in searching out and making the road to and finding the location for the Church in the Great Basin.

During this journey I walked seventeen hundred miles, and rode,mostly on horseback,eight hundred;

much of the distance with raw hide soles on my shoes.

I was six weeks without bread, though I was better off than most

GEORGE A. SMITH.

of the pioneer company; for I had about twenty-five pounds of flour locked up in my trunk, unknown to any one.

I lived as the rest, on buffalo bulls and other wild meat, which was not always plentiful.

I issued my reserved flour by cup fulls, to the sick, some of whom attribute to this circumstance the preservation of their lives.

I planted the first potatoe that was put in the ground in Salt Lake Valley, and built a house for my father in the fort, before starting on my return.

In 1849 I took charge of the emigration at Council Bluffs, organizing and starting the companies.

With the last, on the fourth of July, I started westward with my family. Our teams were heavily laden.

We encountered hail and rain storms.

Our cattle stampeded, and at the South Pass of the Platte, we were overtaken by a heavy storm, in which seventy animals were frozen.

We made our journey to Salt Lake City, one thousand and thirty-four miles in one hundred and fifty-five days, arriving October 27th.

I was elected a member of the Senate of the Provisional State of Deseret, and reported a bill for the organization of the judiciary, which was the first bill printed for the consideration of members.

I also reported a bill in relation to the construction of a National Railway across the continent, which some of the members considered a joke, though

I was never more in earnest.

The Governor, Brigham YOung, had no salary.

The members of the General Assembly had no per diem.

The incidental expenses of cleaning rooms, fuel and stationery were borne by fines on absent members.

The State revenue of that year built a bridge across the Jordan and one across the Cottonwood, rendered aid to an irrigation canal, and sustained other public improvements.

In December, 1850, I raised a company of one hundred and eighteen volunteers, accompanied by about thirty families, and started for the purpose of planting a colony near the Little Salt Lake. The day after we started, the thermometer was at zero.

My company was organized at Peteetneet Creek (Payson),

Utah County,and consisted of twenty-five cavalry, thirty-two infantry—picked men—and thirteen men in charge of a piece of artillery; the residue was organized as a permanent camp guard.

We crossed five ranges of mountains, and in many instances sought out our own road, and arrived at Centre Creek, two hundred and sixty-five miles from Salt Lake

City.

This place had been designated by Elder Parley P. Pratt and a company of explorers, as the place in the Little Salt Lake Valley for a settlement.

The more wealthy part of my company was dissatisfied with the location, but after several days examination of the country around, I succeeded in satisfying the party that it was the best place for a commencement.

Our deliberations were conducted in a general assembly, which we called "the quorum,"by the light and warmth of immense fires of dry scrub cedar and pinion pine.

These debates of our farmers and mechanics were among the most animating scenes of my life.

As soon as the site of the town was determined upon, we commenced working a road into a canyon about six miles, which cost us five hundred days work, where we cut down a pole ninety-nine feet long, which we erected and on which we raised our Country's flag—the stars and stripes. We dedicated the ground by prayer and saluted the emblem of civil and religious liberty by the firing of cannon.

The organization of Iron County had been provided for by the Legislative Assembly, which had elected me its chief justice, with power to proceed with its further organization. We held an election, when two associate justices, a county recorder, a treasurer, sheriff, assessor and collector, justice of the peace, constable, and a member of the

House of Representatives of the General

Assembly of Deseret were elected.

At the close of the election, a fat ox having been killed for the occasion, the inhabitants of the county sat down upon the ground to a public dinner, spread on blankets and buffalo robes.

Our nearest white neighbors on the north were

GEORGE A. SMITH.

about two hundred miles distant, with five intervening ranges of mountains, and on the south over five hundred miles away.

I sent the returns of the election to the secretary of State by Jefferson

Hunt, our representative, who accompanied a party of our people that were returning from California by the winter route across the great southern desert.

By this company I heard the rumor that Congress, in September, 1850, had passed "An Act organizing the provisional State of Deseret into the Territory of Utah."

In the winter of 1850-1, though it was very cold, we built a fort, in which were located dwelling houses and a meeting house, which served for meetings, schools and watch tower.

It was in the shape of a Greek cross, and was of hewn logs.

It served the town which we named Parowan, for fifteen years, when it was replaced by a stately stone edifice.

I taught school during the first winter, having thirty-five pupils, whom

I lectured on English grammar, around the evening camp fires.

We were soon visited by the Indian chief Walker and a large horde of warriors.

Their visit demonstrated that our policy of settling in a fort was the only safe one.

It w ras absolutely necessary for our preservation.

On May 10, 185 1, President Brigham Young, who had been commissioned Governor of Utah, accompanied by President H.

C.

Kimball and others, arrived at Centre Creek amid the firing of cannon and other demonstrations of welcome.

Governor Young had issued a proclamation ordering an election on the first Monday in August, at which I was elected a member of the Council of the Legislative Assembly.

I was commissioned by Postmaster General

Hall, on October 29, 1851, postmaster of Centre

Creek, Iron County, and on the 29th of

November, by Governor Young, colonel of cavalry in the Iron Military District.

In 1853, I was placed in command of the militia of the southern part of the Territory, and was instructed to take measures for the defense and safety of the inhabitants against the Utah Indians, who had commenced under their chief,

Walker, to rob and kill the inhabitants.

The settlements were so scattering, and the mountains to which the Indians retreated so difficult of access, that the policy had to be adopted of gathering all the inhabitants into forts, and protecting their stock by armed guards;

refraining from indulging in acts of retaliation or violence against, but manifesting a conciliatory disposition towards the Indians, and at the same time watching so vigilantly as to be able to punish, with instant death, those who should attempt to steal cattle or kill the settlers.

These measures involved much labor on the part of those inhabitants who had to leave their houses and build anew in a fort, but they soon brought the Indians to terms, and no doubt prevented a long list of murders from Indian vengeance.

The Utah Indians do not seek revenge for any of their number who may be killed in the act of stealing or making an attack.

In April, 1854, a council between Governor Young and

Walker, surrounded:

by his chiefs and braves, at Chicken Creek, Juab Co., inaugurated a peace.

The war cost the lives of nineteen white persons and many Indians;

though I have unfeigned pleasure in stating that I never killed an Indian, nor was any white man ever killed while obeying my orders.

The summer campaign was one of excessive labor to me, having to pass from settlement to settlement, subjected to great mental and physical exertion, for I felt the deepest anxiety that no wife nor mother should lament the loss of husband or son, if it were within the power of mortals to compass its avoidance. At the general conference of the Church,in 1854, 1 was elected Historian and General Church Recorder, and immediately went to work compiling the documentary history of Joseph Smith.

February 2d, 1855, I was admitted as a member of the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States for the Territory of Utah, and received my certificate as an attorney, councilor-at-law and solicitor in chancery.

I was elected a member of the convention and one of

GEORGE A. SMITH.

the committee which drafted a constitution, and on the twenty-sixth of March, 1856, was elected by said convention, in connection with Elder John Taylor, a Delegate to Congress, to present the constitution and accompanying memorial, asking for admission into the Union on an equal footing with the original states.

This mission was a respite from my close application in the Historian's Office, where I had, with the assistance of four clerks, compiled and recorded in large records, the history of Joseph Smith from February 20th, 1843, until his massacre in June, 1844.

I also supplied, from memory and otherwise, blanks in the history and records compiled by President Willard Richards, my "predecessor in the Historian's Office, who had, with prophetic pencil, written on the margin opposite the blanks, "to be supplied by George A. Smith.""During my absence in 1856-7 of about eleven months;

in addition to the duties of Delegate, I preached in the states of Missouri, Illinois, Iowa, Ohio, Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.

Our application for admission into the Union was answered by acts of hostility on the part of the government towards our people.

The mails were soon stopped; an army designed for our destruction was ordered against us, which, on their route hither, exulted over their'anticipated spoils and debauches with the wives of Mormon polygamists;

but God overruled their intended wickedness, and the wrath of man was made to subserve the building up of His people.

"Nov.

2, 1S60, my eldest son, George A. Smith, Jr., was murdered by Navajoe

Indians, about thirty-five miles northwest of the Moquis villages in New Mexico, now Arizona, He was in company with Jacob Hamblin and nine others, who were on a mission to the Moquis Indians, with the design of learning their language and making explorations to find a wagon route from Washington, then our most southern settlement, to the western settlements of New Mexico.

When about three hundred miles on their jouniey, they met a band of Navajoe Indians who were on a hunt.

They traded the Navajoes some knives for blankets.

My son's horse escaped out of the band, and he followed after it on horseback.

He met seven Navajoes some three-quarters of a mile from camp, who delivered to him his horse in the most friendly manner. They conversed with him in the Utah language, which he understood.

The first intimation of hostility on their part was their simultaneous firing upon him, when he received three arrows and four bullets.

The aged Navajoes remonstrated with their young men in relation to their conduct and offered to protect the missionary party if they would immediately return home, to which they agreed.

"The Navajoe party had just received the intelligence that Lieutenant-Colonel

Ruggles of the United States Army, with a detachment of soldiers, had burned their village, two hundred miles east, had massacred two hundred and fifty squaws and papooses, and killed forty thousand of their sheep.

The receipt of this news by the war party was the cause of the murder of George

A., Jr.

After receiving so many wounds, his companions placed him on a saddled mule and carried him eight miles, when he died in the saddle.

The aged Navajoes decided that his body should be left, consequently it was abandoned. My friends in southern Utah, however, sent a party who made a journey of three hundred miles, at an expense of eighteen hundred dollars, and recovered the remains of my son.

"The killing of the Navajoe sheep by federal authority, rendered the Navajoes destitute and desperate, and to sustain themselves, they robbed the peaceful Moquis of fifteen thousand sheep, which reduced the latter to famine, in which twenty-four men and twenty-two women perished.

I need not add that the massacre of my son was a dreadful blow upon his father and mother.

He was born in Nauvoo, Hancock County, July 7th, 1S42."It is a delightful help merely not to be hindered.

MEANS OF IMPRO VEMENT.

MEANS OF IMPROVEMENT.

Improvement and the means of its promotion have been the cherished themes of philosophers and philanthropists, in nearly all ages, concerning which history furnishes us any information.

Whether we consider the pagan institutions of a dim past, the combined efforts of these noble patriarchal and prophetic periods, or the "Christian Associations"of the present day, we find that Providence has so ordered it that there has always been a stirring element of progressive, thinking people, who delighted in the great cause of improvement.

Different ages and nationalities have varied in opinion as to what constitutes improvement, and therefore to some e"x- tent have also differed in regard to the means of effecting it.

For instance, at certain times it assumed more or less of a chivalrous character, as in the days of the ancient Persians, and later on in the time of the Spartans.

Then the training was almost entirely hygienic and warlike, tending to develop health and muscular activity, skill in the use of weapons and a great amount of physical endurance.

For this purpose abstemiousness in diet and strict habits of temperance and simplicity were enjoined, and usually maintained with good results.

We read of Cyrus, the Persian king, that when quite a youth, he was a visitor at the court of his uncle, the Median, Cyaxeres, and on being asked to drink wine at table, having noticed the effect produced on the Median king through partaking largely of this beverage, the youth replied that he preferred to refrain from any indulgence which was so dangerous in its character as to make a wise man lose his reason.

Cyrus had been reared in the early Persian simplicity, which in time gave them such advantage over their more voluptuous cotemporaries the Babylonians, under the generalship of this very youth.

A few short years after the incident just narrated, Cyrus joined his uncle in the conquest of those eastern countries, and alone at the head of the Persian army, having been selected by the Almighty, he established the dominion of the Medes and Persians in place of that of Babylon, as Daniel and Isaiah had predicted.

At other times, improvement consisted more in the religious and moral advancement of its devotees, as in case of the disciples of Christ on the Eastern hemisphere, and the Jaredites and Nephrites in the Western world.

The Savior introduced some very advanced ideas of moral improvement.

His sermon on the mount is replete with progressive theories and elevating sentiments.

His beautiful lessons on self-sacrifice, humility and love for the race are examples of the high order of improvement He sought to inaugurate.

For example, this sentiment, how sublime "Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth: but 1 say unto you, That ye resist not evil;

but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.

And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also."Here was a marked advancement and progression from the law of Moses upward to the perfection found in the Gospel taught by the Redeemer. We might multiply examples of the most striking character till the space allotted us would be entirely exhausted, and then the half would not be told of the exalting theories advanced by Jesus and others, who have sought to elevate man morally and religiously.

Again, at times, improvement has been deemed to consist principally in mental culture, in literary attainments, scientific research and a development of the fine arts.

This was the case to some extent with the inhabitants of ancient Egypt, and in after years of Greece and Rome, and within the last few centuries with the peoples of Great Britain and America.

Progress in architecture, in music and painting has generally been much encouraged ''ilized nations, especially in mo n.nv

MEANS OF IMPROVEMENT.

But even as the last dispensation is intended to combine in one all things which are in Christ Jesus, so the century in which the Gospel has been revealed seems to be a culminating point in history where all intellectual genius is wont to congregate.

Steam, electricity and sunlight are doing their wonders, through the instrumentality of man's ever-active brain.

Astronomy and other sciences are engaging much learned attention.

Literature and all kindred subjects, although more abundant than hitherto, have greater encouragement and facilities for accomplishing a worthy mission among men than ever before.

Art is appreciated and fostered.

Tafent is compensated, and genius is admired.

Every means of improvement seems to be available to this century, and all resources for advancement and progress are thrown open to it, without restraint.

What a glorious age in which to live It is indeed "the fulness of times."And how do we find ourselves affected by these circumstances here in our mountain home? We seem to be more or less an epitome of the advancement made in other countries and in all periods:

gathered from among numerous nations, partaking of many modern peculiarities blended with others of more ancient origin, we are, to some extent, a combination of what the world has seen in various places and at different periods.

In advantages we surpass probably any body of people that ever lived in one locality on the earth.

Our fathers were and we ourselves are to some extent pioneers.

We have inherited much of the primitive simplicity of living which they were required to practice in building up this western country. We are profiting by the hardships which fell upon many of us in our youth, contingent upon the persecutions endured, and upon the manual labor required to subjugate this once barren wilderness. Physical endurance and muscular development, coupled with great activity of mind and body, are bound to characterize the youth, and in fact- all ages of the bona fide settlers of Utr vVe have hygienic advantages which are calculated to promote and perpetuate these physical conditions, in the purer air of this mountain region, living as we do at an altitude of over four thousand feet above sea level, with every facility for open air exercise and recreation.

Then we have means of religious and moral improvement found in the inspired teachings of apostles and other servants of God. We have a sure foundation for our faith and future happiness in the Gospel of Jesus Christ, revealed to the Prophet Joseph, and perpetuated in the same genius and spirit by his illustrious and faithful successors.

We have our general gatherings, our quorum meetings and our Sunday schools, where all wholesome principles and moral precepts are brought to our understandings.

Then we have our day schools, universities and colleges, wherein the minds of our youth are trained by competent instructors in secular studies, to prepare them for usefulness in the various walks of life.

And lastly, to carry out the allegory, as a seeming combination of all these advantages, we have our Mutual

Improvement Associations, organized, guided and controlled by men holding the everlasting Priesthood.

In these institutions, under the wise guardianship of the servants of God, who themselves areMovers of improvement, we have the opportunity to learn the fundamental principles of religion, science and art;

we can acquire much knowledge of history, cultivate a taste for literature, and become generally informed on such subjects calculated to enlarge the mind and widen the understanding.

Questions intelligently answered regarding various topics, brief and pithy lectures on interesting subjects, interspersed with a song of sentiment, or a recitation calculated to inspire noble thoughts, form the general character of our exercises.

Thus we are instructed and interested at the same time.

In fact, it is conceded to be necessary, in order to do the greatest possible good to all classes, that we should infuse variety into our programmes.

Many persons and these are not confined to the youth

HILDEBRAND AND HENRY IV.

by any means—would rather be amused than instructed.

Hence, we have to gild every effort to inform the mind with the gold leaf of pleasurable attraction. And the greatest success is recorded where the more uninviting subjects of science have been surrounded with a halo of happy description, if not still further relieved by sensational experiment and practical illustration.

Our libraries present already a wide field of information, and offer encouragement to literary research and historical investigation.

And it is hoped that, ere long, these aids to improvement will be more generally supplied and more universally utilized by the members.

In short, we have many opportunities and inducements to improve ourselves and each other.

And by the continued diligence of the members, the support and assistance of our leading men, to whom we now owe much, we may cheerfully look for the day to soon approach, when to acquire membership in these Associations will be regarded as entering the jewelled gates of glorious opportunity, thrown open to us by angel hands;

that we may walk the golden streets of progress, breathe the pure air of a higher morality, and bask in the beams of greater intellectual light. And that standing as it were on the sacred ground of inspiration, we may drink from that ever-living fountain of universal knowledge, which freely flows to all lovers of truth from the very throne of the Eternal God.

These are certainly privileges to be coveted by the pagan philosophers of the past, and even by the sons and followers of ancient prophets.

These are certainly blessings worthy to be sought for by the universal brotherhood of progressive minds, of every nationality and of all times.

Charles W. Stayner.

HILDEBRAND AND HENRY IV.

Gregory the Great died in the year 604 A.

D., having for the first time established the temporal power of the Bishops of Rome, bequeathing from that time to his successors the title of Pope.

He had strenuously advocated the celibacy of the Catholic priesthood during his administration, as the presiding Bishop of Rome, but was unable to absolutely enjoin it upon them.

Notwithstanding this, the idea did not die out but smouldered on for about one hundred and seventy-three years till the famous Hildebrand was anointed as the rightful occupant of the Papal chair.

This was the signal for some of the most radical changes in the Romish church.

Hildebrand, now Gregory VII, being woefully ambitious, sought to govern mankind in general, politically as well as religio'usly.

The celibacy of the priests was a favorite theme with him, and now that power was in his hands he resolved upon stamping out kingdoms, nationalities and excommunicating all priests who refused to put away their wives according to his decrees.

He claimed absolute control over the actions of all men, so far as he desired.

Most of the clergy, out of respect for their "livings,"acceded to the demands of the tyrant, and are said to have led monastic lives.

He then assumed the right to appoint all persons to all places of public trust, to the various thrones of Europe and prescribe their duties.

In fact he presumed to become the monarch of the world.

Henry IV, Emperor of Germany, opposed this assumption of power, and declared the command to the clergy to put away their wives to be erroneous.

He knew full well that should his bishops come under the edict of Rome, to the extent of Hildebrand's desire, the empire of Germany, so far as he was concerned, would be a thing of the past.

And now commenced the well known contest between Hildebrand, the carpenter's decrepit son, and Henry IV, the successor of Charlemagne.

Henry, flushed with many victories, denounced

HILDEBRAND AND HENRY IV.

the Pope as a usurper and blankly refused to obey his commands.

Hildebrand summoned the emperor to appear on a certain day and show cause why he should not be excommunicated from the church.

To this Henry replied by assembling a council of his German nobles and priests and pronounced the deposition of the Pope.

Now that so great a sovereign as Henry had appeared in open revolt against the despot, all classes united to crush out the power that was fast enslaving the people, and in councils fierce denunciations were hurled at the Pope.

Hildebrand, in this extremity, resorted to an artifice, in order to maintain supremacy in the minds and hearts of the superstitious people, which proved efficacious.

Assembling a solemn council, an egg was produced upon which was traced in bold character a serpent recoiling from a shield upon which he had endeavored to fasten his fangs.

This was interpreted by Gregory to mean the dragon of the apocalypse having struck at the church had itself become defeated and was now writhing in the agonies of death.

Wild enthusiasm filled the assembly, and amid the excitement Hildebrand, playing well his cards, uttered the excommunication of Henry, declaring his subjects free from their allegiance to him, and the empire without an emperor.

To this the council consented.

This is one of the most striking examples of the power of priestcraft over a superstitious people on record.

Instead of all peoples and nations, then suffering under the despotic rule of

Hildebrand, uniting in one common phalanx against the usurper, the supporters and subjects of the emperor looked upon him with abhorrence, as a lost soul, one cut off from the possibility of ever obtaining everlasting life. Henry, in short, was deserted by all, excepting a few armed followers and a few anathematised faithful bishops, in a lonely castle on the Rhine.

Having lost his kingdom, his subjects having deserted him, Henry now resolved to present himself before the Pope in humble submission and plead for forgiveness.

To this end, in the middle of winter, he, accompanied by his faithful wife and infant son, set out to cross the Alps.

It was miserably cold.

Notwithstanding the dangers of the snow drifts in the Alpine passes, dreaded even by experienced mountaineers, the imperial family passed on, enduring the most excessive hardships, to save his crown.

Gregory, apprised of Henry's design but doubting its real inwardness, took refuge in the mountain stronghold with the famous countess Matilda, at Canosa.

This eminent lady was much devoted to

Gregory.

After enduring great fatigue, at length Henry reached Canosa.

He robed himself in a thin white garment and on a bitter cold wintry morning, when the snow was deep upon the the ground, he appeared before the gate of the castle walls praying for admission that he might throw himself at Gregory's feet.

One, two, three days passed and

Henry stood bareheaded, barefooted in the snow, without a morsel of food to eat, shivering with cold before the gate, but the proud, stony heart of the relentless Pope was not softened toward the penitent king.

On the fourth day the gates were opened and the formerly proud and mighty emperor of Germany cast himself at the feet of the diminutive but powerful dwarf, entreating bis forgiveness, and that the countess Matilda would intercede in his behalf.

It was a scene for the painter to study, to see the tall, majestic figure of the king bow before a grey-headed, enfeebled old man who had made kings, emperors, and all people serve the church, willing or unwilling.

After having submitted to the demands and conditions of the Pope, Henry was pardoned 'and permitted to return to his kingdom, but only to meet the scorn of his Lombard chiefs.

This had the effect of awakening him from the dreadful sleep into which he had fallen through the spiritual intriguing arts of his enemy..

Stimulated by his followers, he was determined to wreak vengeance upon Gregory.

Again was

AMERICAN PRESIDENTS.

Henry excommunicated, his kingdom bereft of a king, and Rudolph of Swabia placed upon his throne.

But all this was food for the army of the fallen emperor, which soon broke upon the new king, slew him, and regained the throne. Now it was that Henry determined to meet Hildebrand, who had again sought the castle walls of Canosa for safety.

Excommunication had lost its terrors for Henry.

Advancing with a mighty army the king laid siege to Rome for a period of three years.

Gregory, aided by Matilda, made a strong defense, but the holy city at last fell into the hands of Henry, who caused a rival Pope, under the title of Clement III,- to be consecrated in St. Peter's chair.

Gregory's end appeared to be nigh.

At this opportune moment for Hildebrand, a horde of Italians, under Robert

Guiscard, came to the rescue.

Henry was driven out and the semi-barbarous

Normans and infidel Saracens took possession, respectfully liberating Hildebrand.

Then followed a vast amount of enmity and strife between these combined nations and the Romans.

Hildebrand, one of the most determined men of the times, after having witnessed the destruction of the sacred city by the Goths and Vandals, died on

May 25, 1085.

Edward E. Brain.

AMERICAN PRESIDENTS.

Since we a place among the nations won,

Our presidents have numbered twenty-one.

Some were crude and small, others wise and great,

And some have met the tragic hero's fate.

George Washington stands nobly eminent,

As most distinguished man and President.

John Adams next stepped bravely into line,

And ruled by human right and right divine.

Thomas Jefferson was next encumbent,

Qualified in every way abundant.

James Madison then, by united voice,

Succeeded as the people's holiest choice.

James Monroe next was placed at nation's head,

Who like. the rest lies numbered with the dead.

John Quincy Adams next assumed the reins,

A man of sterling honor, and of brains.

Andrew Jackson then took the chair of state;

Old Hickory was eminently great.

Martin Van Buren next assumed the stand,

As magistrate supreme throughout the land.

William H. Harrison was our next chief,

But in four weeks death came to his relief.

John Tyler filled remainder of his term;

Administration, moderate and firm.

Some think the fates put up a joke

When we inaugurated James K. Polk.

To Zachary Taylor the succession fell, [knell.

But in twelve months was tolled the dead man's

Millard Fillmore then took old Zachary 's chair, And did his duty honestly and square.

Franklin Pierce was next in scale to rise,

And won in honest race the golden prize.

With James Buchanan some have picked a flaw,

For getting up a farce—the "Mormon"war.

But Abraham Lincoln rose in honest fame,

And made himself a never dying name.

To him is due the freedman's proclamation,

That burst the chains from millions in our nation.

The demon's pistol laid our chieftain low,

And shocked the world by the accursed blow.

Andrew Johnson, till second term expired, Ruled o'er the nation, while his foes conspired

To bounce his Excellency, and impeach,

But Andrew reigned secure beyond their reach.

U. S. Grant, when cruel war was ended,

From battle fields to highest plane ascended.

Such are the fickle changes of the fates,

His hand was turned to reconstructing States.

Rutherford B. Hayes was the greatest blot

That ever fell unto our nation's lot.

Good Uncle Sammy Tilden was elected,

But Fraud the Great was cunningly perfected.

The notable Commission of fifteen,

Brought forth the prodigy in stately mien,

Robbing the people of their rightful choice,

And smothered the electors'honest voice.

James A. Garfield next took the leading role,

By force of destiny he reached the goal;

He, too, was victim of the fiendish knave,

Who sent poor Garfield to a tragic grave.

Chester A. Arthur comes the last of all, Made President per force of pistol ball;

His predecessors number just a score,

His term will end in eighteen eighty-four.

James H.

Hart,

2IO ETERNAL DURATION OF MATTER.

ETERNAL DURATION OF MATTER.

VI.

From all these considerations it appears evident that these principles must necessarily be revived so as to become a conspicuous part of modern theology.

They must be taught to the people, and the people must believe them; insomuch that every saint on earth will be looking for the great day of the Lord, and expecting to be caught up to meet him in the air;

for if the great day of the Lord should come at a time when these principles were neither taught nor believed, surely there would be none prepared for translation;

consequently there would be no saints to be caught up to meet the

Lord in the air; and if so, the words of the Lord by Paul would become of none effect.

I have made the above remarks in order to impress deeply upon the minds of our modern teachers and learners the importance of arousing from the slumber of ages on this subject, and of ceasing to teach and impress upon the youthful mind the gloomy thoughts of death, and the melancholy forebedings of a long slumber in the grave, in order to inspire them with solemn fear and dread, and thus move them to the duties of religion and morality.

Experience has proved, in innumerable instances, that this course is insufficient to restrain vice, and to lead to the practice of virtue and religion.

The wayward and buoyant spirits of youth feel weighed down and oppressed when oft reminded of such gloomy and melancholy subjects.

All the more cheerful faculties of the soul are thus paralyzed, or more or less obstructed in their operations; the fine toned energies of the mind cease to act with their accustomed vigor, the charms of nature seem clothed in mourning and sackcloth. We conceive a distaste for the duties as well as the enjoyments of life.

Courage, fortitude, ambition, and all the stimulants which move man to act well his part in 'human society, are impaired and weakened in their operations, and the mind, thus soured and sickened, finds itself sinking under deep melancholy and settled gloom, which soon becomes insupportable.

He at length sinks in despair—becomes insane, or groans under various diseases brought upon his physical system by the anguish of his mind;

or, with a desperate effort, tears himself from friends and society, and from all the social duties and enjoyments of life, to lead a life of solitude within the walls of a convent, or in the gloomy caverns of the monk.

But more frequently the youthful mind, when laboring under these gloomy impressions, makes a desperate effort to free itself from its dreadful burthen by plunging into all the allurements of vice and dissipation; endeavoring by these means to drive from them the memory of all these gloomy impressions, and to lose sight of, or cease to realize, the sure and certain approach of death.

Let us then cease to give lessons on death and the grave to the rising generation, and confine ourselves more exclusively to the proclamation of eternal life.

What a glorious field of intelligence now lies before us, yet but partially explored!

What a boundless expanse for contemplation and reflection now opens to our astonished vision

What an intellectual banquet spreads itself invitingly to our appetite, calling into lively exercise every power and faculty of the mind, and giving full scope to all the great and ennobling passions of the soul

Love, joy, hope, ambition, faith and all the virtuous principles of the human mind may here expand and grow, and flourish, unchecked by any painful emotions or gloomy fears.

Here the youthful mind may expand its utmost energies, and revel, uncontrolled by remorse, unchecked by time or decay, in the never-fading sweets of eternity, and bask forever in the boundless ocean of delight.

This course of instruction followed out in demonstration of the spirit and of power, would serve to check the allurements of vice, and would greatly tend to lead and encourage the mind in the

ETERNAL DURATION OF MATTER.

practice of virtue and religion, and would cheer and stimulate the saint in all the laborious duties of life.

It would remove the fear and dread of death.

It would bind up the broken hearted and administer consolation to the afflicted.

It would enable man to endure with patience and fortitude all the multiplied afflictions, misfortunes and ills to which they are subject in this momentary life.

It would almost banish the baneful effects of fear and gloom and melancholy from the earth, and thus give new tone and energy to all the various departments of society.

The long night of darkness and superstition is now far spent.

The truth, revived in its primitive simplicity and purity, like the day star of the horizon, lights up the dawn of that effulgent morn when the knowledge of God will cover the earth as the waters cover the sea.

With what propriety, then, may the rising generation look forward with a well grounded hope that they or their children may be of that unspeakably happy number who will live to be caught up to meet the Lord in the air, and, like Enoch and Elijah, escape the pangs of dissolution and the long imprisonment of the grave.

Or, with still more certainty, they may hope that if they sleep in the dust, it will only be of short duration, and then they will rise again to enjoy the pleasures of life for evermore.

Parents, do you love your children?

Does it grieve you to see their lifeless bodies laid in the tomb, and shut, as it were, forever from your society?

Children, have you ever been called to bid farewell to your beloved and venerable parents, and to grieve with heart-broken anguish as their bodies were deposited in the cold and silent grave, and you left as orphans upon the dreary world?

Husbands and wives, do you love your companions, and often wish that you both might live in the body forever, and enjoy each other's society, without undergoing a painful separation by the monster, death?

Be careful, then, to secure a part in the first resurrection, that you and your friends may live and reign with Christ on earth a thousand years.

O, thou broken hearted and disconsolate widow, thou hast been called to part with the bosom friend of thy youth and to see thy beloved shut from thy presence in the dreary mansions of the dead!

Have you ever been comforted with the reflection that the tomb will burst asunder in the morning of the resurrection—that these once active limbs, now cold in death—these bones and joints, and sinews, with the flesh and skin, will come forth and be again quickened with the spirit of life and motion; and that this cold and silent bosom will again beat with the most animated and happy sensations of pure love and kindred affection?

Parents and children, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters, have these thoughts sunk deep into your hearts in the hour of sorrow, and served to comfort, to soothe and support your sinking spirits in the hour of keenest distress?

or have you imagined to yourselves some spiritual existence beyond the bounds of time and space;

some shadow without substance, some fairy world of spirits bright far from earth your native home; and at a distance from all the associations, affections and endearments which are interwoven with your very existence here;

and in which were mingled all the sweets of life?

No wonder, then, that such should cling to life, and shrink from death with terror and dismay;

no wonder that such should feel insupportable and overwhelming grief at the loss of friends;

for who can bear the thoughts of eternal separation from those lovely scenes with which they have been accustomed to associate from early infancy?

Who can endure to-be torn from those they love dearer than life, and to have all the tender cords of affection which twine around the heart with mutual endearment, severed and destroyed for ever?

Let us then endeavor to inspire the minds of those, who are placed under our care and "instruction, with a firm faith in and lively sense of this the most important of all subjects, the'resurrection of the body, and eternal life; and thus encourage them with the greatest

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

of all inducements to lead a life of righteousness such as will secure to them a part in the first resurrection, and a happy immortality in the society and friendship of the ransomed throng who are arrayed in spotless white, and who reign on earth with the blessed Redeemer.

Having now shown clearly that the resurrection of the body is a complete restoration and reorganization of the physical system of man;

and that the elements of which his body is composed are eternal in their duration;

and that they form the tabernacle—the everlasting habitation of that spirit which animated them in this life;

and that the spirits and bodies of men are of equal importance and destined to form an eternal and inseparable union with each other; we must now return to our research as to the final destiny of the earth and its productions of animal and vegetable life.

We have already shown that the earth itself, and all its productions were deeply affected by the fall, and by the sins of the children of men; that the atonement which was made by Jesus Christ was not only for man, but also for the earth and all the fulness thereof; that all things were redeemed from the fall, and would finally be restored from all the dreadful effects thereof; and be regenerated, sanctified and renewed after the pattern, and in the likeness and image of its first creation; partaking of the same beauty, glory, excellence and perfection it had in the beginning.

But it is evident that this restitution did not take place at the first advent of the Messiah;

and that it has not taken place at at any time since;

therefore it is yet future, and must be fulfilled at a certain time which is appointed by infinite wisdom.

This certain time is called in holy writ "the times of restitution of all things which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began."Now this restitution is to be accomplished by nothing short of a second advent of the

Messiah.

He must again descend from heaven to earth in like manner as he ascended.

P. P. Pratt.

Philosophy finds no difficulty in triumphing over past and future ills, but present ills triumph over her.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

OBJECT OF GATHERING.

Sunday, June nth, 1S43.

Ten a.m., meeting at the stand.

The following report is from the journals of Elders Willard Richards and Wilford Woodruff:

A large assembly of the Saints met at the Temple stand.

Hymn by the choir.

Prayer by Elder P. P. Pratt, and singing.

President Joseph Smith remarked:

I am a rough stone.

The sound of the hammer and chisel was never heard on me until the Lord took me in hand.

I desire the learning and wisdom of heaven alone.

I have not the least idea, if Christ should come to the earth and preach such rough things as He preached to the Jews, but that this generation would reject Him for being so rough.

He then took for his text the thirtyseventh verse of the twenty-third chapter of Matthew, "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which were sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not."This subject was presented to me since I came to the stand.

What was the object of gathering the Jews, or the people of God, in any age of the world?

I can never find much to say in expounding a text.

A man never has half as much fuss to unlock a door, if he has a key, as though he had not, and had to cut it open with his jack-knife.

The main object was to build unto the

Lord a house whereby He could reveal unto His people the ordinances of His house and the glories of His kingdom,

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

and teach the people the way of salvation;

for there are certain ordinances and principles that, when they are taught and practiced, must be done in a place or house built for that purpose.

It was the design of the councils of heaven before the world was, that the principles and laws of the Priesthood were predicated upon the gathering of the people in every age of the world.

Jesus did everything possible to gather the people, and they would not be gathered, and He therefore poured out curses upon them.

Ordinances instituted in the heavens, before the foundation of the world, in the Priesthood, for the salvation of men, are not to be altered* or changed.

All must be saved on the same principles.

It is for the same purpose that God gathers together His people in the last days, to build unto the Lord a house to prepare them for the ordinances and endowments, washings and anointings, etc.

One of the ordinances of the house of the Lord is baptism for the dead.

God decreed before the foundation of the world that that ordinance should be administered in a font prepared for that purpose in the house of the Lord. "That is only your opinion, sir,"say the sectarians.

When a man will go to hell with his eyes open, it is more than my meat and drink to help him to do as he wants to.

If a man gets a fulness of the Priesthood of God, he has to get it in the same way that Jesus Christ obtained it, and that was by keeping all the commandments and obeying all the ordinances of the house of the Lord.

Where there is no change of Priesthood there is no change of ordinances, says Paul;

if God has not changed the ordinances and the Priesthood, howl, ye sectarians!

If He has, when and where has He revealed it?

Have ye turned revelators?

Then why deny revelation?

Many men will say, "I will never forsake you, but will stand by you at all times."But the moment you teach them some of the mysteries of the kingdom of God that are retained in the heavens and are to be revealed to the children of men when they are prepared for them, they will be the first to stone you and put you to death.

It was this same principle that crucified the Lord Jesus Christ, and will cause the people to kill the prophets in this generation.

Many things are insoluble to the children of men in the last days for instance, that God should raise the dead, and forgetting that things have been hid from before the foundation of the world, which are to be revealed to babes in the last days.

There are a great many wise men, and women too, in our midst who are too wise to be taught;

therefore they must die in their ignorance and in the resurrection they will find their mistake.

Many seal up the door of heaven by saying, "So far God may reveal and I will believe."All men who become heirs of God and joint heirs with Jesus Christ will have, to receive the fulness of the ordinances of His kingdom;

and those who will not receive all the ordinances will come short of the fulness of that glory, if they do not lose the whole.

I will say something about the spirits in prison.

There has been much said by modern divines about the words of Jesus, when on the cross, to the thief, saying, "This day shalt thou be with me in paradise."King James'translators make it out to say paradise.

But what is paradise?

It is a modern word it does not answer at all to the original word that Jesus made use of.

Find the original of the word paradise.

You may as easily find a needle in a hay-mow.

Here is a chance for battle, ye learned men.

There is nothing in the original word m Greek from which this was taken that signifies paradise; but it was,

This day thou shalt be with me in the world of spirits; then I will teach you all about it and answer your inquiries.

And Peter says He went and preached to the world of spirits (spirits in prison, 1 Peter, iii:

19), so that they who would receive it could have it answered by proxy by those who live on the earth, etc.

The doctrine of baptism for the dead

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

is clearly shown in the New Testament, and if the doctrine is not good, then throw the New Testament away; but if it is the word of God, then let the doctrine be acknowledged; and it was the reason why Jesus said unto the Jews, "How oft would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, but ye would not,"that they might attend to the ordinances of baptism for the dead, as well as other ordinances of the Priesthood, and receive revelations from heaven, and be perfected in the things of the kingdom of God, but they would not.

This was the case on the day of Pentecost; those blessings were poured out on the disciples on that occasion.

God ordained that He would save the dead, and would do it by gathering His people together.

It always has been, when a man was sent of God with the Priesthood, and he began to preach the fulness of the Gospel, that he was thrust out by his friends, who are ready to butcher him if he teach things which they imagine to be wrong;

and Jesus was crucified upon this principle.

I will now turn linguist.

There are many things in the Bible which do not, as they now stand, accord with the revelations of the Holy Ghost to me.

I will criticise a little further.

There has been much said about the word hell, and the sectarian world have preached much about it, describing it as a burning lake of fire and brimstone.

But whoever revealed it?

God never did.

But what is hell?

It is another modern term, and is taken from hades.

I'll hunt after hades as Pat did for the woodchuck.

Hades, the Greek, or Shaole, the Hebrew: these two significations mean a world of spirits.

Hades, shaole, paradise, spirits in prison, all are one it is a world of spirits.

The righteous and the wicked all go to the same world of spirits until the resurrection.

"I do not think so,"says one.

If you will go to my house any time, I will take my lexicon and prove it to you.

The great misery of departed spirits in the world of spirits, where they go after death, is to know that they come short of the glory that others enjoy and that they might have enjoyed themselves, and they are their own accusers.

"But,"says one, "I believe in one universal heaven and hell, where all go, and are all alike, and equally miserable or equally happy."What! where all are huddled together—the honorable, virtuous, and murderers, and whoremongers—when it is written that they shall be judged according to the deeds done in the body?

But St.

Paul informs us of three glories and three heavens.

He knew a man that was caught up to the third heaven.

Now, if the doctrine of the sectarian world, that there is but one heaven, is true, Paul, what do you tell that lie for, and say there are three?

Jesus said unto His disciples, "There are many mansions in my Father's kingdom (house):

if it were not so I would have told you.

I go to prepare a place for you, and I will come and receive you to myself, that where I am ye may be also."Any man may believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and be happy in that belief, and yet not obey His commandments, and at last be cut down for disobedience to His righteous requirements.

A man of God should be endowed with wisdom, knowledge and understanding, in order to teach and lead the people of God.

The sectarian priests are blind, and they lead the blind, and they will all fall into the ditch together.

They build with hay, wood and stubble, on the old revelations, without the true Priesthood or Spirit of revelation.

If I had time, I would dig into hell, hades, shaole, and tell what exists there.

There is much said about God and the

Godhead.

The Scriptures say there are Gods many and Lords many, but to us there is but one living and true God, and the heaven of heavens could not contain Him, for He took the liberty to go into other heavens.

The teachers of the day say that the Father is God, the

Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God, and they are all in one body and one God.

Jesus prays that those that the Father had given Him out of the world, might be made one in us, as we are one;

but if they were to be stuffed into one

THE BIBLE IN EGYPT.

person, it would make a great big God.

If I were to testify that the Christian world were wrong on this point, my testimony would be true.

Peter and Stephen testify that they saw the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God.

Any person that has seen the heavens opened knows that there are three personages in the heavens who hold the keys of power, and one presides over all.

If any man attempts to refute what I am about to say, after I have made it plain, let him be accursed.

As the Father hath power in himself, so hath the Son power in himself, to lay down His life and take it again, so- He has a body of His own.

The Son doeth what He hath seen the Father do;

then the Father hath some day laid down His life and taken it again; so He has a body of

His own; each one will be in His own body; and yet the sectarian world believe the body of the Son is stuffed into the Father's.

Gods have an ascendancy over the angels, who are ministering servants.

In the resurrection, some are raised to be angels; others are raised to become Gods.

These things are revealed in the most holy place in a temple prepared for that purpose.

Many of the sects cry out, "O, I have the testimony of Jesus;

I have the Spirit of God; but away with Joe Smith!

he says he is a prophet;

but there are to be no prophets or revelators in the last days!"Stop, sir!

The Revelator says that the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy; so by your own mouth you are condemned.

But to the text.

Why gather the people together in this place?

For the same purpose that Jesus wanted to gather the Jews to receive the ordinances, the blessings, and glories that God has in store for His Saints.

I will now ask this assembly and all the Saints if you will now build this house and receive the ordinances and blessings which God has in store for you; or will you not build unto the Lord this house, and let Him pass by and bestow these blessings upon another people?

I pause for a reply.

Faith draws the poison from every grief, takes the sting from every loss, and quenches the fire of every pain; and only faith can do it.

Dr. Holland.

THE BIBLE IN EGYPT.

Ptolemy Philadelphia, the second king of the dynasty of the Ptolemies, was very fond of literature and general learning.

He established a great museum wherein was placed four hundred thousand rolls or volumes. Books were written, in those days, upon papyrus, made from the leaves of an Egyptian plant known by that name; and as printing was unknown each copy had to be written, thus making as much work as the original, excepting the composition; consequently a book which would cost but a trifle now would be worth perhaps hundreds or even thousands of dollars then.

When four hundred thousand volumes had been gathered into this great museum, there was no room for any more,and that the collection of volumes to Alexandria might not cease, the king erected a magnificent temple to the idol Serapis, which he had succeeded, after repeated attempts, in purchasing from Sinope, a large commercial city of Asia Minor.

Into this great temple, which was called the Serapian, he gathered three hundred thousand volumes.

Ptolemy took great interest and pride in these libraries which were the centre of scientific attraction, and determined that, if possible, he would obtain a copy of every book in the world.

In his researches he heard that there were certain sacred writings possessed by the Jews which contained a faithful history of that nation from the very earliest period.

They were also said to contain sacred prophecy and beautiful poetry.

Of course these would be valuable acquisitions to the Alexandrian library if

2l6 THE BIBLE IN EGYPT.

they could be obtained; but this, Ptolemy knew, would be very difficult, as the Jews guarded their sacred records with religious zeal in the temple of Jerusalem.

In former years there had been wars between the Egyptians and the Jews, and many Jewish captives had been taken and sold as slaves into Egypt.

These were still scattered broadcast over the land.

Ptolemy conceived the idea of liberating and permitting them to return to their native country as a kind of bribe to cause the Jews to listen favorably to his request, and permit him to add copies of their records to his library.

Historians say that the number of slaves liberated upon this occasion was a. hundred and twenty thousand, and the amount paid as compensation to the owners was six hundred talents, equal to six hundred thousand dollars.

After the captives had been released and had returned to Jerusalem, Ptolemy sent a splendid embassy with magnificent presents and respectful and solicitous letters.

The embassadors were received with the highest honors, and their requests readily acceded to.

The priests caused copies to be made from all the books, and these copies were executed in most magnificent style and splendidly illuminated with letters of gold.

The Jewish government also, at the request of the Egyptian king, sent six men from each tribe, who were educated in the Greek and Hebrew languages, to the museum at Alexandria to translate the Hebrew books into the Greek.

As there were twelve tribes and six men from each tribe, the number of translators sent from Judea to Alexandria was seventytwo, after the translation was made, the edition was called the Septuagint, which translated from the Latin means seventy.

Copies were made from the Septuagint translation and taken to other countries;

then, in course of time, other copies were made from these, until they spread throughout the whole learned world, and, when printing was invented, these books were among the first upon which typography was attempted.

Thus was the Old Testament introduced to the outside world about three hundred years before Christ.

When we consider how precious these books were in those early days, and how much time and means and what enormous sums they cost, how thankful we should be that they are now within the reach of all; and how eagerly we should devour their contents!

They have come to us triumphantly through the dark vista of time—through the mold and mist of ages, through conflicts, blood, torture, ignorance, superstition and through all the obstacles and adversity which Satan has been able to place before them to impede their progress, those precious volumes have marched on, exulting in their own greatness, bearing with them their own life and light, and now lay themselves at our very feet asking us but to peruse and 'understand before we judge them.

"Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life."Is this such a happy, enduring world that we need not prepare ourselves for a better?

Does not the child realize, as it fondly gazes upon parents and dear young brothers and sisters, that the time must come when they must part?

Does not the friend feel this with his hand enclosed in the warm clasp of his fellows?

Does not the mother "tremble in her happiness"as she fondles the innocent, laughing babe upon her knee—the beautiful little darling that is dearer, far dearer to her than life—does she not feel a shadow upon her heart writing with its cold finger:

"Passing away, passing away In our happiest moments do we not sadly realize their fleetness?

Happiness on earth is so transient and cares and trials so constant that the one great aim and care of our every day lives should be to secure, without doubt, a title to eternal life in the mansions of our Father, where, with life, we will also find a fulness of eternal joy.

This would be a boon we can never fully estimate here. How shall we obtain it?

"Search the Scriptures."Ruby Lamotit.

The Lone Beggar.—In narrating his travels through Norway, Mr. Du Chaillu says that he met with but one profes-

THE MISSING LINK.

sional beggar in that country.

He was an old man who used to watch for tourists from the top of a high hill to which they came to see the impressive view. He greeted the American traveller with the usual request for money.

Upon receiving a refusal, he talked about the weather, the scenery, and, remarking that he was very poor, again asked for money.

On the traveller's second refusal, he became angry, and taking from his pouch a bag filled with small coin, shook it in Du Chaillu's face, saying:

"Look at it! look at it!

Everybody has.not been so mean as you are Look at the money that has been given to me!

Look at it!

Flattery is a kind of bad money to which our vanity gives currency.

THE MISSING LINK.

Nearly everybody has heard about, but comparatively few people have actually seen what is known, or rather unknown to the scientific world by the name of the "Missing Link."Among that favored few the writer of this claims to be numbered, as having gazed upon, if not the embodiment of the Darwinian myth itself, something as nearly resembling it as will probably ever be discovered.

The interesting object which has received this suggestive and not inappropriate cognomen is undoubtedly a human being, but one possessing so many of the features and characteristics of the monkey tribe as to fully entitle it to the name given it by its owner, the proprietor and manager of the Westminster Aquarium, London; among the curiosities and attractions of which it is now on exhibition.

Krao, for that is the creature's proper name, is a female between six and seven years of age, a native of Laos, in the northern part of Siam, between Burmah and China.

Sheis not a monstrosity, such is not the nature of the claim set up in her behalf, but an actual type of a race of people inhabiting the forests and jungles of her native land, where she was captured sOme months ago, in company with her father and mother, by a party of English explorers.

The king of Siam, a portion of whose dominion this singular people inhabit, at first was quite averse to the idea of their leaving that country, but finally consented, on condition that she be adopted by some one of her captors and treated as his daughter, to allow Krao to be taken to England.

The proprietor of the above named exhibition having taken upon himself this responsibility, no further objection was made.

The parents would doubtless have followed or accompanied their offspring, but the father died soon afterwards of cholera, and the mother therefore remained at Laos.

She will, however, soon be imported and likewise placed on exhibition.

The climate of their native land being much warmer than this, the apartment they will occupy at the Aquarium, where "Krao, the Missing Link, or What is It,"already may be seen, is kept at an even temperature of about sixty degrees, thirty degrees less than that to which they are ordinarily accustomed; the difference being counterbalanced by light clothing, to which they are absolute strangers at home, the long hair, which completely envelopes their bodies when grown, there rendering additional apparel as a means of comfort entirely unnecessary.

It may here be stated also, that they do not dwell within the confines nor associate with the more enlightened denizens of Siamese semicivilization, but, like the animals they so much resemble, live in the wilds of the jungle and the forest, in huts constructed in the branches of the trees, up which they nimbly climb for refuge in much the same manner as the members of that sprightly family to which they are supposed, by the incorrigible disciples of Darwin, to be homogeneously allied.

Their language is unintelligible,

2l8 THE MISSING LINK.

except when accompanied by gestures, being confined to a brief interchange of signs and noises indicative of their individual wants.

The fact of there being a regular race propagation among this peculiar people was proven years since, it is said, at the court of the king of Siam, who had two of them of opposite sexes brought to his capital and bred there for the especial purpose of the experiment.

As already intimated, they are a very hairy race.

The father of Krao is said to have been all but literally covered with hirsute growth, there being a long mane running the full length of the spinal column the latter possessing one more vertebra than the ordinary human frame, the same suggestion of a tail as that found upon the higher orders of the monkey family.

The face is described as having presented the appearance of a Scotch terrier, being literally hidden with hair.

The mother, who survives, is of similar aspect, though less hairy than her deceased husband.

As for Krao, her extreme youth will account for the fact that at present, with the exception of a few novel features which undoubtedly foreshadow an ultimate reduplication of resemblance, nothing would now prevent her from being mistaken, under proper circumstances, for an Indian papoose.

She is about three feet in height, slender and active in body, and of a very intelligent mind.

The head is not unlike that belonging to monkeys of a superior order.

She has no forehead.

Her hair, which is jet black, grows down as far as the eyebrows, which are nevertheless distinct and heavy.

In fact it requires close inspection to discern that'the hair upon the brow is actually growing there instead of hanging over it from the crown above.

The eye is black and piercing, the complexion swarthy as an

Indian's.

The ears are well shaped, but, like the monkey's, without cartilage.

The nose and mouth are those of the Chimpanzee.

Her face is round and full, and on the cheeks, in front of each ear, is a downy substance very similar to a young man's earliest perceivable effort at side whiskers.

The breast is covered in like manner.

Her arms and lower limbs are long and slender and are fast covering with soft, silky hair about an inch in length.

It is claimed, and apparently with good reason, that in a few years the body will be thoroughly clothed with capillary growth.

The hands are small and shapely.

The joints of the fingers and toes are double, and bend backward as well as forward, in. this respect also resembling the ape.

She uses her toes as well as her fingers in playing with the toys that are given her, of which she seems exceedingly fond.

She is very amiable as a general rule, but when aroused can be equally vicious and fiery.

The worst threat of punishment she receives when naughty, and one which she seems to dread most, is that of being sent back to Laos, whence she came.

She says, for she is picking up English with remarkable alacrity, "No houses, no shops, no toys, no fine dresses in Laos,''and answers intelligently simple questions put to her by visitors to the exhibition.

So much for Krao, the second Siamese wonder, and the nearest approach to the far famed "missing link"in the chain of animal evolution that nature has yet presented for the consideration of the scientific world.

I will here take occasion to remark that I am not a believer in the doctrine that man is a developed monkey, or that science has conclusively proven or will ever be able to demonstrate the correctness, so far as pertains to life on this planet, of its theory of animal evolution.

What the primeval past conceals, or what the unexplored future may develop, are matters with which human science has but very little to do and even less to know.

Outside of what God has revealed man knows nothing, and as for theories, opinions and speculations, unauthorized and unsupported by divine revelation, they are like any other article of manufacture, worth only what they will fetch in the market of man's credulity.

Without, therefore, attempting to transcend the bounds of this existence, and taking into consideration the simple scope of Time—ample enough, it

THE HEAD OF GOLD.

would seem, to demonstrate the truth or falsity of any proposition comprehended by human philosophy—what have we to show that there is or of right ought to be such a thing as a "missing link,"the office of which when found will be to establish a lineal relationship between man and the lower orders of the animal creation?

Is there a man on earth at the present time who knows himself to have been descended from a monkey?

Is there any record extant containing this interesting bit of information, corroborated by unimpeachable evidence?

Have monkeys ever produced men, or men monkeys?

Has that immutable law—immutable so far as known—ever been transgressed, which - decrees that every species shall produce after its own proper kind, and that hybrids and monstrosities shall not propagate?

Until these questions are answered it would appear that but little satisfaction is to be derived from the investigation of this socalled problem,aside from the still greater multiplication of man-made theories, opinions and suppositions, of which the world is already full to bursting.

Scientific writers tell us that "theory is the father of fact, and that research leads to discovery,"but of the necessity which exists for theorizing over matters well known, and of seeking after the genesis of things the origin of which is already revealed, these wise and learned speculators are content to leave us wholly uninformed.

O. F.

Whitney.

Truth is the foundation of all knowledge and the cement of all societies.

A man who finds not satisfaction in himself seeks for it in vain elsewhere.

Rochefoucaitlt.

THE HEAD OF GOLD.

The study of human nature has ever been considered a noble aim. Biography, is the most interesting and instructive history, that we may fairly indulge in.

It holds, as it were, a mirror, in which readers may often behold their own personality, or portions of it, and if possessed of a wise and candid mind, will be benefited by the reflection.

It appears to me a very sacred employment, this portraying of character, and not every one is qualified by observation, or innate ability for so responsible an office; it should be written truthfully, justly and righteously;

to do that the writer must have a large heart) and a broad brain; must know and understand, not only the deeds, but the circumstances that surrounded the life of the character delineated; must also take into consideration the early and late training, and education, and the associations of the same;

its antecedents of birth, parentage, genealogy, and country; and after all this, the thousand and one infinitessimals that go to make up and form character; when all this is taken into account we may well exclaim who is competent for so sacred an office?

The mind of a biographer must be an enlightened one, enlightened by the religion, and the spirit of Jesus Christ, the spirit that will reveal the secret and hidden workings of that most complex being, that unites the earthly and the heavenly, the spiritual and the corporeal, the human and the divine.

And what satisfaction we realize as we read the intuition, the truthfulness of such a portrayal of character from the pen of one capable of all this!

We see that he divines the spring and motive action, that he realizes the under current, that more or less runs through every life—there ought to be no flattery—but judicious and just commendation must surely not be withheld.

There must be no prejudice, either for or against the character;

all partial feelings must be laid aside.

Yet admirable qualities producing admirable actions should surely be brought out in bold relief, as incentives to others, to "do likewise."My mind has been drawn to a focus on this subject by reading with intense in-

2 20 THE HEAD OF COLD.

terest the character of Nebuchadnezzar in the "Voices from Babylon,"by Joseph

A. Seiss, I).

1).

Jt is a character to be read with chose attention, and much instruction is to be derived therefrom.

The author's marvelous insight into the secret springs and motives of action in this heathen monarch (whose authority was absolute—and was unto himself a law), especially in the matter of the dream, and the setting up of the golden image, Dr.

.Seiss'view of his motives and intentions are to me, inspirational and exhibit such truthful and just conclusions, that he appears as "A Daniel come to judgment."It is a character to be read and reread, and every time with a sense of increased satisfaction and instruction.

His motive in setting up the golden image, intending it, according to his heathen teachings, as an acknowledgement of the "God of Heaven,"is very finely portrayed because so truthfully; and the reader is constrained to endorse his views;

he also shows that when the power and presence of God was palpably brought before him, how, he at once bowed, adored, and acknowledged "the God of Heaven"—and for a time fashioned his actions accordingly- Though impulsive and hasty, at times even harsh, he was generally guided by correct principles;

and he was also a man of honor, if he gave his word, he kept it; sham and falsehood called forth his severity; when convinced that the messengers of the Most High were before him, he honored them; and his life long adherence and appreciation of Daniel above all other men, making him his Prime Minister, his councilor and friend upon all occasions;

listening to him whenever he reproached, tells loudly of the candor, nobility, and teachable spirit of the man.

He was a mighty emperor and as mighty a warrior, whose kingdom is renowned even down to this remote age.

He was an idolator, worshiping as he had been taught, yet he came nearer being a true servant of God than any heathen we have any knowledge of; he had a deep religious sense, and allowed himself to be influenced by it;

he can also be placed upon a par with the greatest builders of antiquity.

He certainly must have been a man of rare calibre, and it would seem was raised up for a mighty purpose. Evidently the finger of God was upon him throughout his whole life.

His dream contains a marvelous revelation of the designs of God in regard to His kingdom upon the earth for all time, and in the formation of that unique figure, Nebuchadnezzar was "that head of gold,"and he seemed so fully to realize that God had especially honored and favored him, through his chosen prophet Daniel, a man he ever honored, trusted and loved.

There never was a man more successful as a conqueror nor a sublimer earthly king—nor a more magnificent empire than that which he consolidated, and established nor a more absolute human lord, yet in one year, all was forgotten or had become dim, made oblivious by pride and grandeur, forgetting that he had openly acknowledged the God of heaven as King of kings, and Lord of lords;

twelve months since the warning had been given in which for him to repent, yet he walked proudly and arrogantly upon the "high_ places of his palace, the enclosure of whose walls was six miles square, ornamented with battlements and towers all around, and beneath him lay the city with its proud avenues, and an hundred mighty gates."On all he looked with the eye of selfish pride, and said:

"Is not this great Babylon that I have built for the praise of my kingdom, by the might of my power, and for the honor of my majesty?"All this would have been ignorant arrogance in the mouth of any man, but in one who had received such warnings, such revelations from God himself, by the mouth of his prophet, it became fearful blasphemy.

At that moment a voice fell from heaven, "Oh! king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken, the kingdom is departed from thee"—and then follows the awful denunciation; and the same hour the sentence was fulfilled upon him.

Read the fourth chapter of Daniel, indeed, the whole historv of this

SIGNS OF CHRISTS COMING.

extraordinary character, for there are wonderful Lessons in it.

After seven long years the restoration came, how we rejoice that he was again restored to the favor of his God.

Nebuchadnezzar tells it himself in simple and thrilling language, indeed the whole chapter contains his own words.

He commences with "At the end of the days, I, Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes to heaven, mine understanding returned to me, and I blessed the Most High, and praised and honored Him that liveth forever, whose dominion is everlasting, and his kingdom from generation to generation,"etc.

Now the veil is drawn—we hear no more of this illustrious monarch after his grand proclamation commencing in the above chapter;

it is the purest state paper, the most thrilling sermon that ever issued from an earthly king, who had transmitted his throne into a pulpit, and his state papers into sermons for the edification of "all people, nations and languages that dwell in all the earth, peace be multiplied unto you."Dr.

Seiss declares "it tells of a great Saul won to God and salvation."Hannah T.

Kins:.

We are all strong enough to endure the misfortunes of others.

Rochefoucault.

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

THE GATHERING.

"And I heard another voice from heaven saying, Come out of her my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins and that ye receive not of her plagues."Rev.

xviii, 4.

In our last we endeavored to show from the text, Eph.

i, 10, that in the dispensation of the fulness of times all things would be gathered together both in heaven and on earth;

it is our purpose in this article to separate one portion of that all, and establish by its significance an unmistakable sign of the near approach of the "Son of Man,"and the fulfilment of numerous prophecies, which "holy men of God have wrote and spoke concerning Him,"and which are well understood by "the wise,"for all things must needs continue as they have been "till the time of the end,"when "many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the. wicked shall do wickedly; and none of the wicked shall understand;

but the wise shall understand."(Dan. xii, 10.) Various reasons are ascribed to the Latter-day Saints for their gathering together, by those not of them, and the views taken by the world from different standpoints, have been freely discussed, nevertheless there still exists in the minds of lookers on a dubiety as to the true motive, when the truth has been presented to them.

This may appear to the casual observer a matter of little moment, and to the Latter-day Saint who has had multiplied evidence presented to him, a mystery.

Yet, when we reflect a moment, we are readily brought face to face with the fact that a power antagonistic to truth is abroad in the land, "blinding men's eyes and hardening their hearts lest they should be converted to the truth and be healed;"and although abundance of evidence can be and has been produced, yet the matter of gathering is made the butt of ridicule and cynical criticism.

The "prince of the power of the air"is marshalling his hosts for the conflict that is inevitable, and which must shortly come to pass, and although tradition and priestcraft, aids and abettors of the "mystery of iniquity,"are smothering the truth in a "heap of burning lies,"the mandate has gone forth; "Come out of her my people,"and is being obeyed by those whose love of truth and fidelity to their covenants have given them the name of "God's people."That they are to come out from Babylon, where the "mother of harlots"sits enthroned and worshiped, is universally conceded, but

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

where they are to go to, and the ^object to be attained by so doing, are to the world mere matters of conjecture, and the scriptures are wrested to establish delusive theories that will in the end, like the fatal ignis fatuus, lead them on to destruction.

Extended controversy is indulged in upon matters of great moment, and the theories and dogmas of sects and parties are as tenaciously adhered to as were the false teachings of the various sects anterior to and cotemporary with •our Savior, who, in opposition to the most convincing arguments produced by those who heralded His approach, were persistent in being inconsistent, inasmuch as they conceded the fact that He would come and then as strenuously opposed Him.

The comparison is good to-day;

for many, very many, are willing to admit that the approach of the Bridegroom is at hand, and yet, blinded by tradition and vain dogmas, are not willing to prepare to meet Him.

As all things are to be gathered together in one, even in Him, there certainly must be a gathering of His people, although the purpose and place may not be accurately understood; we therefore in this article assume the province of determining beyond a doubt the latter facts, by proof and argument so plain, that the wayfaring man need not err therein.

God told Abraham (Gen. xxii, 17, 18) that because of obedience He would bless him even in his generations, and in that seed should all the nations of the earth be blessed.

Abraham begat Isaac, heir to the promise, who begat Jacob, the father of the twelve tribes, through whose lineage the blessings should come.

Jacob, in blessing Judah (Gen. xlix, 10), said: The sceptre—insignia of royalty should not depart from Judah till Shiloh come, and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.

Following the meanderings of this people through the various vicissitudes brought about by insubordination and its allied wickedness, we are enabled to summarize thus:

• B.

C. 724 Shalmanezer, king of Assyria, laid siege to the city of Samaria, the then capital of Israel (the ten tribes who had revolted from Rehoboam, B C.

975), and after three years siege took the city and carried its inhabitants into captivity, from which they never returned.

Losing sight of the Ten Tribes, we follow the fortunes of Judah and Benjamin through the ever changing scenes of idolatrous adversity and the prosperity of godliness, till the overthrow of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar, B.

C.

586, when the "taking away into captivity"commenced the great scattering that characterized them as a "people scattered and peeled."For although permission was given them to return, none but a few, including the Levites and priests, availed themselves of the offer (cf. Talm.

Kidd iv, i),the greater number choosing to remain where, under Ezekiel, they enjoyed many privileges till the time of

Cyrus, when a great many returned, but not to their former greatness; and in this condition of servility brought about by the deportation to which they had been subjected they continued till the coming of the Just One, the Shiloh, to whom should the gathering of the people be and upon whom they heaped indignities which culminated in a total severance of the "branch from the tame olive tree"and the grafting in of the wild branches, which should flourish and grow upon the fatness"rejected by the people to whom

He was sent, and upon whom He pronounced that fearful prediction, "and they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations, and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the gentiles until the times of the gentiles are fulfilled."(Luke xxi, 24.) All this has been literally fulfilled, and to-day the lineaments of Judah are discernible in every nation finder heaven.

Jesus said:

"How oft would I have gathered you as a hen gathereth her brood under her wing, and ye would not.

Your house shall now be left to you desolate, and ye shall see me no more till ye shall say, blessed is He that cometh in the name of the Lord."

The second gathering, when they shall call Him blessed, is predicted by

Isaiah in chapter two of his prophecies, from which we quote: "And in that day there

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for an ensign of the people, to it shall the gentiles seek, and his rest shall be glorious.

And it shall come to pass in that day that the Lord shall set His hand again the second time to recover the remnant of His people which shall be left, from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from

Hamath, and from the islands of the sea.

And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth."(See context.) Much more testimony could be adduced, but let the perusal of this chapter suffice to establish the fact that when all things are gathered together in one, the outcasts of Israel (the Ten Tribes) will be brought from their seclusion in the north country, and the dispersed of Judah will be gathered together from the four corners of the earth, and the blood of Israel, coining through the veins of the descendants of Ephraim and Manasseh, will respond to the great call and seek the ensign when it shall be set up, and 1 the wild branches of the olive tree are also to share in this great gathering, notwithstanding that through unbelief they also were severed, but the gathering dispensation is to prove an exhibit of the power and goodness of God, for the Apostle of the gentiles says (Rom.

xi, 22—24):

"God is abundantly able to graft in the natural branches, He will also graft in the wild branches, notwithstanding they were severed for unbelief."

We have briefly portrayed the scattering of God's people; we will now as briefly show that the time of their gathering is at hand; as also those that are made heirs by adoption.

Gal.

iii.

The Apostle Paul says that in Christ—the seed of Abraham—shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, and all those having put on Christ by obedience to His Gospel, are made heirs to the promises.

The Gospel of Jesus Christ having been restored to the earth, and all* men called upon to obey its precepts, an ensign has thereby been set up, and those enlisting under it are taught that the "time of redemption is nigh,"when all things are to be gathered together.

The Jews are to build Jerusalem and inhabit its waste places, the seed of Joseph are to gather to the "mountain of the house of the Lord,"as was seen by the prophet, "And it shall come to pass, in the last days, that the mountain of the

Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains and shall be exalted above the hills, and all nations shall how unto it.

And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; and He will teach us of His ways, and we will walk in His paths;

for out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.

Isaiah ii:

2,3;

Micah 4:

1,2.

The Ten Tribes are to be brought from the north country, and "angels, Israel and Nord"are to be gathered, that "all things may be fulfilled that have been spoken concerning Him."This important mission is no insignificant part of the great consummation decreed, as manifest by the following testimony of Joseph Smith, the great Latterday prophet, Feb. 28, 1S36: "The heavens were again opened to us, and Moses appeared before us, and committed unto us the keys of the gathering of Israel from the four corners of the earth, and leading the Ten Tribes from the land of the north."Comparing this with Matthew xxiv:

31, "And He shall send His angel with a great sound of a trumpet (a great voice), and they shall gather together His elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other;"we have a testimony that cannot be impeached or gainsaid.

The Ten Tribes—"a year and a half's journey beyond the Euphrates"—are to return to the land of their fathers, stopping to partake of the glory of Zion till the Jews and Jerusalem shall be redeemed, when they shall return to Jerusalem and receive their inheritance in the land of Palestine, according to the divisions of that land in Ezekiel's prophecy, and become one nation with the Jews, "in the land upon the mountains of Israel."

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

Judah and Benjamin are to build up the waste places of Jerusalem;

the seed of Joseph are to occupy the lands even "to the utmost bounds 'of the everlasting hills;"Zion is to be built up, God's kingdom to be established, that "His will may be done on earth as it is in heaven."And how is all this to be accomplished?

Has "Christ any fellowship with

Belial,"or God's elect with those that are alien from the commonwealth of Israel?

Verily, no!

The gathering dispensation is a prominent part of the great stupendous whole, and a church without it is not, nor can it be the Church of God.

The decree has long since gone forth, "He that scattered

Israel will gather them,"and the gathering of all Israel is a leading feature of this great latter-day work, and one of the "sure signs of prophecy and the coming of the end."The voice of His angels is being heard to the utmost extremities of the earth, and their cry is, "Come out of her my people /"God's Spirit is dictating His people, and consistent with wisdom and good order, they are gathering to Zion, and gaining wisdom insomuch that they are content to walk in His paths, and are enabled to chronicle this event as a sure "sign of Christ's coming,"to claim His own, and establish "peace on earth and good will towards men."Robt. S. Spence.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

LOT SMITHS NARRATIVE.

When the troops came up so unexpectedly and fired upon us, I got mad.

For three quarters of an hour we had stood face to face with them without a sign of war, and now to be taken advantage of and caught just after leaving the rocks, made me righteously mad.

I felt willing now to take a brush with them, and for this purpose sent all my men but twelve forward, and with the latter, tried as David did to get them to come down; but not like him, I declined to go up.

If I could have induced them to come down out of the rocks, we would have whipped them if they had been the last troops Uncle Sam had.

I knew that if I kept all my men they would not come, as they could see us and all our movements, we being upon a level plain.

However, even after sending the main command on, the enemy refused to take up the gauntlet, and we were compelled to ride slowly away without an encounter. We fell back on

Fort Supply, eating the beef we had borrowed and sampling some halfcooked government beans.

This experiment developed, as never before conceived in my imagination, the enormous pressure the human stomach is capable of sustaining without damage, and came very near developing the necessity for some one else to write this sketch.

While at Bridger I caught a violent cold, and was so near being sick that I detailed Lieutenant Abbott and a platoon to go to the front and see what movements the troops were making.

I felt, after his departure, that I ought to have warned him against an ambush, but he had gone.

A few miles from their camp he discovered a lone horseman who allowed him to come near, when he spurred up and rode on towards camp.

Had I been there I would have been too great a coward to risk chasing in that direction; not so with Abbott, who was brave and fearless.

Remarking that if he allowed them to get so close again he would repent it; he ordered his men to follow, and dashed on after the retreating soldier, who led them to an ambush of forty men, who, rising on the sides of a ravine, fired at thirty yards.

Abbott and his men rolled off on the sides of their horses, and, as usual, the shots, in such cases always aimed too sure, missed every man, whizzing over their heads.

Our little band felt glad to get off so easily.

After this skirmish the troops retired to their camp on Ham's Fork, and we received orders

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

not to molest them if they wished to go into Winter Quarters.

I made a trip to General Wells'camp on Black's Fork, being at the time suffering from severe cold and sickness.

Fort Bridger was at this time burned after the supplies of grain and vegetables had been cached, and instructions were issued to let the troops winter in the ruins if they wished to.

After remaining a few days at these quarters, being nursed as well as could be under the circumstances, I was again ordered to the front.

I started with twenty-six men and one baggage wagon on the coldest day that I ever experienced.

While making up the detachment, a number of young men volunteered and insisted on going with us.

They were Brigham Young, Jr., Joseph C.

Rich, Howard Spencer, Stephen Taylor, and several others.

The General thought them too young to take so severe a trip, and it was decided that Joseph Rich and Howard Spencer remain in camp.

The latter had a fever sore on his leg, and to show his indifference to a little hardship and express his disgust at being kept in camp, he remarked to his comrades:

"Boys, if you want to get out of doing anything, just scratch your leg a little."He then rolled up his pants and filled the gaping wound with hot embers.

I thought him then the right kind of stuff to make a soldier.

His future career proved it, for he has the reputation of being a man entirely without fear and indifferent to hardship.

We had a terrible day.

The men froze faces, ears and feet.

I saw that all would perish if we remained with the baggage wagon, so I told the teamsters they could shelter themselves with the blankets, and we would push on to Col.

Burton's camp on Bear River.

I was mounted on a magnificent horse, but the snow was deep and the wind blew fiercely.

I ordered Captain Thomas Rich to the rear, with instructions to not allow any of our men to stop on any pretext whatever.

It became so cold that one could not tell if his hat was on without feeling for it.

I feared the night more th; n all the troops we had seen during the campaign.

My horse proved himself a good man's best friend.

I shall never forget how he plowed his way through the drifts, breaking the track and leading the company safely to camp.

When we arrived, John Woolley said my nose was frozen.

I told him I didn't think it possible, for it was so short.

He was not satisfied until he pinched it.

But some of the boys had to be careful how they handled their ears, as they were stiff as sticks and discolored to blackness.

We bound them in snow and did all that was possible to save them.

The men with the wagon had their feet frozen, though they had the blankets of twenty-six men to cover them. The day is remembered throughout Utah as one of uncommon severity.

After our baggage arrived, we made easy journeys to Bridger Buttes, west of the fort, where we took our stand, receiving deserters from the enemy daily, and sending them to the Valley.

When General Johnston turned towards Salt Lake, after going up Ham's

Fork, one would have thought that he would go right through in a few days, but when he finally started, he made seventeen miles in one day, and it took two weeks to fetch up the rear, then the General began to see how far off Salt Lake really was.

Our duty was to watch the troops as they slowly came up to the ruins of Bridger and went into winter quarters.

I suppose that it was this position, which the London Punch so graphically pictured in a cartoon in which the flower of the American army is being herded by ten

Mormons.

It soon became evident that the army would settle for the winter. The snow fell and covered the ground a great depth, but it was not so deep as our chaplain prayed for.

He asked for twenty feet.

One of our men, a little fearful that his prayer would be answered, wanted to know what would become of him and the rest of us.

The chaplain's prayer was the echo of thousands of others offered at the Throne of Grace by a people whose homes were threatened and who looked to God alone for deliverance and safety.

The

A THEISM AND INFIDELITY.

word came to us to leave ten men on the Yellow Creek Mountains to guard the army.

The detail of this illustrious little band was made, and the rest of us turned towards home.

When crossing the two mountain ranges, I felt satisfied that Uncle Sam would not attempt to follow.

I shall never forget my feelings on that homeward march;

I had been "keyed up"to a higher tension for ten weeks than I ever thought a human frame could stand.

I could ride night and day for weeks and not feel fatigued, but now when turning my back upon the scenes of such absorbing interest, the weariness of months seemed to overpower me, and I was as weak as a child.

I think I had never disobeyed an order of my superiors until at this time, when I neglected some request of Col.

Burton.

This feeling remained, stupifying me, until we reached President Young's office.

He came out to the steps and spoke about ten words;

I did not remember one of them, but they had the effect to dispel every sense of weakness or weariness.

I was ready that moment to return to the mountains.

I would like to know the words he uttered, though it was not the words but the spirit which dictated them that touched the key note of my heart.

I don't know how many men could have done it;

he could.

To my comrades of 1857:

You doubtless will have discovered a number of inaccuracies in the relation of this narrative.

All has been written from memory and the editor has done well to get it in as good shape as it is.

Lot Smith.

The mind of man is improved by learning and reflecting;

it is always searching into or doing something, and is led on by the pleasure of seeing and hearing; and there is such an innate love of knowledge and science in us that no one can doubt but that human nature is drawn to these things, uninvited by any advantage.

Cicero, ATHEISM AND INFIDELITY.

These two words, each embracing an almost limitless field of thought, are here taken together, because it is almost impossible to extensively speak of one without dealing with the other.

From time immemorial the theories embodied under the above caption have existed.

No age has lacked for scoffers against revealed theology, ecclesiastical polity, and the belief in the existence of an intelligent controlling power.

The giant intellects of every time have taken sides, one party contending for free thought, science and reason, and maintaining that what these did not reach had no existence and should have no influence upon humanity; the other holding and advocating the belief that behind the knowable and visible there exists the governing and controlling power of the universe, and that to this power the human family is directly responsible. To the latter view, the Latter-day Saints subscribe, and to show that this position is the only tenable one, is the purport of this article.

The present is pre-eminently an age of inquiry, investigation and research.

Dogmas and creeds are being tested in the crucible of common sense with a vigor never before known.

So called reason, free thought and science are doing their share in making radical changes in modes of thought—philosophical and otherwise—and in the conceptions of natural, and belief in revealed theology.

We say "so called,"and say it emphatically, for we take the position that no philosophical or scientific truth ever comes in contact with revealed religion.

We do not defend the conflicting dogmas whose highest source is finite man, and we can but rejoice when true reason and true science, in their onward march, treads under foot

ATHEISM AND INFIDELITY.

these puerile conceptions of Deity, and while doing so, lifts the mind to a higher plane of thought.

One of England's intellectual luminaries has said:

"All that is, is right."Whether this is true in all its bearings or not we will not at present discuss;

but that it is so in relation to the mental and physical endowments of man, we think no one will dispute.

When the "crowning feature of the universe—Godlike man"first commences his earthly career, he is, with few exceptions, the inferior, physically and mentally, of all animal life;

some time elapsing before he possesses more than the five senses held in common with the brutes.

Phrenology informs us that the last and best faculties developed are those which cause man to inquire concerning his past, present and future state;

the object of his existence and the power which placed him here.

All others are on the ascending trend until these are reached.

They are found in every human being, latent though they often are, but the person in whom they are entirely neglected and uncultivated, is mentally deformed and monomaniac.

This desire to worship or to revere finds vent in no particular form, but the fact that it exists proves it was given for a purpose, and when repressed and smothered it is at the expense of mental strength.

The heathen bows down to wood and stone;

the Hindoo finds beauty in his conceptions of Brahma and Vishnu; the Egyptian reveres Osiris and Isis; the Turk calls upon Allah for protection; the orthodox Christian sees something to admire in the non-existent trinity-unity, and unity-trinity, three in one and one in three—God; the infidel is never tired of expatiating upon the "universe governed by law"theory, portraying the beauty observable therein;

and the "Mormon"finds the embodiment of all he would wish to be in the personal Being who has gained His position as the Great Eternal on account of merit.

The theory that there is an attribute in man, causing him to worship a power (civilized nations an absolute one), is endorsed by the greatest thinkers of the age.

Herbert Spencer, in some respects the greatest living philosopher, says:

"We have a priori reason for believing that in all religions, even the rudest, there lies hidden a fundamental verity.

We have inferred that this fundamental verity is that element common to all religions, which remains after their discordant peculiarities have been mutually cancelled.

And we have further inferred that this element is almost certain to be more abstract than any current religious doctrine.

The first is that which we set out to prove, namely, the existence of a fundamental verity under all forms of religion, however degraded.

In each of them there is a soul of truth.

Through the gross body of dogmas, traditions and rites which contain it, it is always visible—dimly or clearly as the case may be.

This it is which gives vitality to the rudest creed;

this it is which survives every modification."

That there is a power superior to man none will deny; but what this power is, and what relation it;

bears to us is the vexed question.

Whatever that ultimate power may be is utterly ununthinkable and inconceivable to finite minds.

That it is something superior to will and intelligence, as they are superior to mechanical motion, as Mr. Spencer intimates, we do not believe.

Nothingcan be conceivable superior to personal intelligence, and its limit is just as unthinkable as is the something which Mr.

Spencer considers its superior.

All philosophers are agreed that modes of thought are transitional and intelligence progressive.

The difference between the barbarian and the metphysician is almost immeasurable; yet the former is equally capable of improvement with the latter, and who dare say there is a barrier which the intellect of neither can pass.

To define a limit then to personal intelligence, is, to say the least, unphilosophical, and it seems more reasonable to suppose that the ultimate power is personal and progressive, and absolute to us, because passed beyond the utmost bounds of our comprehension.

Phenomena which are the effects of an ulti-

THE OLIVE TREE.

mate cause are hourly seen on every hand.

An understood cause is conceivable as much as its understood effect, and though the ultimate cause j producing visible phenomena, is incomprehensible, yet with its effect, it is correlative to an understood cause and effect.

By what power is the universe governed is a conclusive question coming under the domain of what has just been considered.

Robert Ingersoll, the infidel apostle of America, says, and calls upon Humboldt to acquiesce in the theory, that "the universe is governed by law."Granted.

But law is merely a rule of action or motion, or an expression of the will of intelligence.

The earth, with its rotary and revolving motions, amply demonstrates the fact that its controlling power is an intelligence capable of exerting force.

That a body once put in motion tends to move in a straight line until operated upon by some force exterior to itself, is a philosophical fact.

The earth, uninfluenced by the sun's gravitation, tends to move off at a straight line into space; but thus held, it holds its undeviating course.

If either its rotary or revolving force were an iota more or less, its entire course would be changed, and if this force was not continually supplied independent of it, either one or both forces must decrease to the entire disarrangement of its position.

To illustrate:

If a ball is attached to the end of a string, the other end being held in the hand, and swung rapidly around, it will form a circle, the length of the string being the radius.

If the force given by the hand ceases, even for a moment, the speed of the ball decreases, and when the hand ceases to give the force, the ball, after a few revolutions, falls to the ground.

The hand may be called the sun, the ball representing the earth, and the string the power of gravitation holding the earth in its place.

But here the comparison ceases, for the hand, unlike the sun, produces the revolving force.

We can readily see how the sun, by its inherent, powers of attraction holds the earth in place, but we must look to something superior to all, as giving the motive power, and we can readily see that this supplying power must be ever active, for should it cease for a moment, chaos would be the result.

To summarize:

We can conceive of no force or intelligence independent of matter; the highest conception of intelligent matter is personal;

personal intelligence has no limit;

God is a personal intelligence, and is the controlling power of the universe.

With the axiom that matter and force are eternal as a foundation, Mr.

Ingersoll endeavors to demonstrate that a cause and an effect may be produced independent of an organizing intelligence.

He supposes a lump of matter moving through space by the power of force.

It finally comes in contact with another piece of aimlessly wandering matter, and gravitation holds them together.

In course of time they are joined by another, and here Mr. Ingersoll ceases to grapple with the perplexing question, but with a pleonastic cycle of oratorical verbosity, congratulates himself upon his wonderful discovery.

He fails to give even a remote idea what this (should it be true) has to do with the wonderful mechanism of the solar system.

J. L. Robisoii'THE OLIVE TREE.

The olive tree came originally from the East.

It has since spread to Attica, in Greece, and is now cultivated on all the shore lands of the Mediterranean, in the Canary Islands, and in South Africa and America.

Its wide-spreading branches, with their lanceolate, leathery, willow-like leaves, dark green above, and whitish grey beneath, add a picturesque charm to the landscape.

It bears small, white, fragrant flowers, in short, dense clusters.

The fruit is generally oval, the largest about the size of a pigeon's egg.

It is sometimes black, or

THE OLIVE TREE.

violet, or reddish, or green, and surrounded with a greenish white pulp.

From most ancient times this tree has received divine worship.

Among the Greeks it was sacred to Minerva, and was a symbol of chastity.

Only the more chaste youths and maidens might gather and prepare the fruit.

Among the Greeks an olive crown was the highest honor bestowed on the most deserving citizen, and the highest prize given the victor in the Olympian games.

The olive branch was the symbol of peace, and the conquered in battle, who came to pray for peace, brought an olive branch in their hand.

The olive, like the orange, requires much care to bring it to its greatest perfection.

Those most fruitful and beautiful grow in the region around Mentona.

There the mild temperature is favorable as well as in Rome and Naples.

The thermometer there, through all the years between 1818 and 1870, fell below zero four times, then only for a few hours during the day.

A French writer who visited this region says, "Many times I had looked with contempt upon the olive tree in my own country.

I had seen the olives of the Provinces small, slender, homely;

I was glad when a newspaper reported that a frost had destroyed all the olives around

Toulon and Nismes, though the poor people had lost part of their means of subsistence—for I was delighted for once to have the disagreeable objects out of my sight.

But when I came from Yurbi on foot to Monaco, and passed Cape Martin, my indifference and dislike were changed to the most enthusiastic wonder and admiration. They were more beautiful to me, those stately olive trees, than the noble old oaks as I first saw them in the wood near Fontainebleau. Mentona's olive is the unrivalled monarch of all the trees on the Mediterranean shores.

In that delightful region, never chilled or blighted by the frost, it attains its most perfect beauty.

Transcending all artistic rule, their curving, graceful, willowy branches ascend heavenward in fantastic forms, so unique, so capricious, so unlike all other trees.

"The winds play through the opening leaves.

The sunbeams, now imprisoned in the upper caressing boughs;

now coming and going with ever-changing glow;

now illumining the dark green above, now lingering on the soft grey beneath, every moment giving some new bewitching charm;

you leave the spot with a sigh, and come back to gaze again at the beautiful sight.

One may wander beneath their shadows or view them from a neighboring height with ever increasing admiration.

In springtime they look their loveliest, then the leaves wear their fairest, brightest green."The olive blooms in April, and gives a luxuriant harvest once a year, yielding a most generous profusion of fruit.

The oldest trees are 'even the most beautiful;

they gather grace and charm with each new year, and are a great treasure to their owners.

Of the ripe fruit a medicine is prepared, which is considered of great value.

The fruit gathered before it is ripe, is often laid in layers of salt and vinegar, after being first steeped in limewater, to soften and make more agreeable to the taste.

These pickled olives are thought to give an appetite and help digestion.

The olive tree has a very strong astringent bark, and the leaves have also this property, and are thought very useful in checking or breaking up "a fever.

From the older stems exudes a kind of resin which has the odor of vanilla.

This contains a kind of crystalline substance, called olivin, much prized in all Italy for perfumery, and to give an agreeable flavor to tobacco used for smoking.

The wood of the olive tree is capable of a most beautiful polish.

Its greenishyellow ground, with its cloudy spots and delicate veins, make it much sought for, for the finest work of cabinet-makers and turners.

Most exquisite snuff-boxes and little ornaments are made of it.

The wood of the root, in color and fine lines, has a close likeness to Florentine marble.

It is so valuable in commerce and industrial art, that its cultivation in many parts of southern France, Italy and Spain, is the chief occupation and support of many people.

PRIDE IN WORK.

.Some of the most wonderful trees of this species in the world, are found on the Mount of Olives.

On the summit of the mountain is a square plot of ground, enclosed by a rough wall of stones, where are eight enormous olive trees of very great antiquity; the people 6f the neighborhood say that they were there at the beginning of our era, and their site is that of the "Garden of Gethsemane,"over the brook Kedron, where Jesus often resorted.

The trunks of these trees are of great size, they have become splintered and shrivelled with age, and are great curiosities as vegetable productions.

The olive, with the best cultivation, becomes a tree forty feet high.

The oil is contained in the pulp, not as in other fruits, in the nut or kernel.

To extract this the olives are first bruised by a millstone, then put into a sack, and then into the trough of a press for the purpose, which, by means of turning a strong screw, forces the stronger juice out, which is called virgin oil.

This is received in vessels half filled with water, from which it is taken off and set apart in earthen jars.

Several coarser kinds are obtained afterward by adding hot water to the bruised fruit.

The olive is cultivated south • as far as Cairo, and north to the middle of France.

The Chinese olive bears very sweet flowers, with which tea is flavored.

The broad-leaved American olive grown in Virginia, is from thirty-five to forty feet high.

Its wood is hard, its fruit palatable, and the flowers very sweet.

England is too cold for the olive, though sometimes the ripening fruit may be seen on a sunny southern wall in Devonshire.

Pliny tells us that oil warms the body and cools the head.

The ancients applied olive oil externally for health, for development and for luxury, always, before their baths and before any athletic exertion.

Oil externally applied is now becoming popular for dyspeptic and consumptive patients.

Many are said to be benefited by an inunction of cod-liver oil.

While one physician denounces what another prescribes, we sometimes turn hopelessly to nature's simplest aids and find them best.

Who shall tell why faith and anointing in cathedral and palace, in birth and death, are ever side by side?

Why upon the heads of kings and prophets has the oil been poured?

Why is the oil of joy and the oil of gladness promised in the deepest sorrow?

May these not be symbolic of some healing virtue not yet fully understood?

Egyptian, Jew, Greek, Roman, Arab,

African and Esquimaux have all used oil externally as invigorating, strengthening and protecting.

In baptism, in confirmation, in ordination, in consecration, in benediction, in coronation, in tradition and legend the oil of olives has kept its hallowed place.

An interest both historical and classical gathers around the beautiful tree whose leaves have been a symbol of peace and blessing ever since the dove brought to the storm-tossed ark the peaceful olive-leaf.

—Selected.

PRIDE IN WORK.

There is an old saying, which is thus expressed, "Anything which is worth doing at all, is worth doing well."In this proverb there is a truth which may be amplified at will in any given direction; indeed, it is only according to the manner in which things are done that we can estimate men's appreciation of their duty or calling in life.

Much of what men do is performed in a loose or mechanical way;

there is no vim in their effort, no snap in their method, no inspiration in their mood, no pride in bringing to pass the highest ideal or best possible result.

If we should award them any ambition—if they are possessed of any—it is to get through with the work on hand, something with the feeling expressed during a local season of so-called "reformation."After the ef-

PRIDE IN WORK.

2.^1 fort had exhausted itself, one was heard to say, "Thank the Lord we are through with that!"unheeding the fact, established in the nature of things, that successful, mental or spiritual reformation is no superficial or spasmodic feeling;

it is a real work, involving much reflection and continuous activity, reaching out from point to point, advancing step by step, noting, with resolute purpose, all achievement, and using present success as an aid and index of progress in the future.

A man would not be considered a good farmer if his land was left to the wantonness of every common weed;

he would not be considered a thorough farmer if his labors were confined to the centre of his fields and every corner and fence line given up to rubbish and riotous or noxious vegetation.

Or if the land was cultivated with fair ability, would his reputation be of the best if gates and fences were broken down, if his work teams or cattle, his horned stock or even his poultry showed his common neglect;

tools, machinery, wagons, blistering in the summer's sun or soaking in the autumn rains, would be a merited rebuke to his claim for consideration as a model farmer—a man taking pride in his work.

The hoe or spade in the ditch, the plow in the furrows, the harrow by the way side, the povertystricken animal, the uncultivated corner, the broken fence, the unopened ditch, or drain, would only be so many reminders, uttering their silent but significant protest against the intelligent professor of the divine art of fundamental agriculture.

The woman who aspires to be a true wife, a real helpmeet, would be only half a success if she was but a clever caterer to the liking of her Lord, in the every day matter of food; her soup might be unexceptionable in flavor; her roast always done to a turn, her potatoes mealy, her bread light and her butter good, yet dirty dishes and soiled table cloth, and disorderly arrangement would nullify in many all the real good;

if the domestic rule of woman was only exercised in one direction, where would be the enjoyment or realization of an ideal home;

if cleanliness were confined to the centre of a room, if under the beds and in the closets and places oft unseen there was an accumulation of domestic debris;

if ashes, and dish water, and soap suds, and soiled linen, if lack of order, method, and arrangement were every where visible, who would believe that the queen had pride in rule, or possessed any claim to recognition as a clever, painstaking and indisputably successful housewife?

Any mechanic who is without pride in his labor will forever remain a botch, or if otherwise, will be so only because of supervision;

left to himself his work will be slighted;

there might be superficially an appearance of perfection, but in detail it would be as occurred in the first foundation of Salt Lake Temple, lacking that solidity and thoroughness, which would have been fatal to that edifice;

and so constrained President Young, who was one who took pride in good work, to have the most of it torn up and relaid in a more thorough manner.

We have all heard of men, who were designated handy men, "jack of all trades,"but this was generally coupled with the conclusion that they were "master of none;"now one possessing a proper pride in his work will never want only the best;

if he cannot reach it by patience, industry and perseverance, he will endeavor to approximate as close as is practicable, and in his experience with mediocrity in himself or others, he will never forget the saying of the wise man, that "there is always room higher up;"to that position, however, no idler will ever reach, no indifferent or self contented one will soar;

"excelsior"must be on the banner, and on the lips, and in the heart of all who crave for and are determined on success.

Men's faculties are sharpened by use, their powers are developed by exercise, their ability grows by effort, and final triumph comes of trifles daily or hourly overcome; the conqueror's wreath only falls of right to the one who has struggled and fought on many a stormy battle field.

Often where there has appeared to be the divine afflatus of inspiration, the unquestioned power of genius, could

2 3 2 PRIDE IN WORK.

we peer below the surface, we should only find the unappreciated force of honest pride in work.

What a grand thing it is that this pride brings with it its own exceeding great reward;

a well turned furrow, an even field of grain, a thick set meadow, a well broke colt, a clean and thrifty farm, a well appointed home, sunshine around the table, peace in the family, content with labor, well directed mechanical skill and activity, are each the fruits of that pluck which aims at, if it find unreached, the acme of confessed perfection.

The argument is good in other directions, for there are those who expect to be scholars, yet take no pride in topic, or study, or books;

they are without a hobby, without tools and without purpose; say they, it is nice to be intelligent it is good to be educated, it is desirable (in a mild way) to accumulate knowledge, but the game is hardly worth the powder and shot, the benefits are hardly equal to the outlay, or the interest to investment;

as if the possession of understanding and the development of mental ability and grasp could be counted or weighed in a balance as the mints do the coin of the realm.

No truth is more potent in the regions of spirituality and religious growth than this self same pride in work;

for there are Latter-day Saints who are so mechanical, they are like the door upon its hinges, simply to come and go;

useful, no doubt, but unprogressive and almost destitute of life; they are victims to coldness and formality, without snap and interest in the life that now is, although full of hope in regard to the life beyond;

they believe that the heavens were opened to Joseph, yet they are as brass to them; they believe that angels ministered to some in this dispensation, but mentally this period is projected outward almost as far as the Apostolic age;

they believe, of course, in revelation, but its voice of music never swelled to them; they believe in spiritual gifts, but these have not given glow to their experience;

they believe in the power and influence of the Spirit, but no silent force of that peculiar agency has given life and verdure, bud and blossom or fruit to them;

in fact they are only Latter-day.Saints in name and theory, are without that inspirational energy which works in hope as the farmer works in his fields, the mechanic with his tools, or the housewife in her home.

There is theory but no practice, hope but no realization; an easy going kind of indolent satisfaction, but no bustling activity, no exuberant and overflowing vitality, hence there has been spiritual sickness and apostasy which is spiritual death;

such were born of the will of man;

it can hardly be said they were truly born of God; there may be probably an appearance of cultivation, of cleanliness, the centre of the field, the middle of the room, points most prominent for the observation of others, but there are unswept corners, broken fences wild sections, or the rank vegetation of unprofitable weeds, and outside show;

superficial restraint, local uncleanliness, tell that there is no pride in the great work and effort of seeking to be a real, living, thrifty, vigorous, powerful Latterday Saint.

The old Apostle said it was right to be always "zealously affected in a good cause;"and another said "whatsoever thy hand findeth to do (in righteousness) do it with thy might."It is the half hearted man, the careless shuffling professor, the dodging evader of work, who is destined to "shame and confusion of face.""Unstable as water they shall not excel;"but God will bless the quiet worker, He will be with the devoted man or woman, the angels will draw near to such, and the spirit will under every emergency comfort and succor those who from continued labor are weary or tired by the way.

The laborer proud of his work, taking interest in it, adapting himself to it, using all the created appliances which have been provided on his behalf, exercising meanwhile faith and trust "in Him who hath promised,"and while seeking to keep the commandments invoking the promised gift of the Holy Ghost must and will become "a Latterday Saint,"a successful seeker and

A SCENE IN VIRGINIA.

builder of the kingdom;

his religion will not be spasmodic in character or local in its power and influence, it will be continuous, permeating all the ramifications of life, until he becomes "a living epistle known and read of all men,"a "coworker with God and His son Jesus Christ;"until he becomes "perfect as his Father in heaven is perfect,"a disciple and finally an apostle of sanctified work H.

W. Naisbitt.

All things honorable are replete with joys.

Many carry all their neighbors faults in sight and throw their own over their shoulders.

A SCENE IN VIRGINIA.

Here mountain ridges side by side extend,

Far as the eye in distance can discern,

While lost in hazy blue, the outlines blend,

And fade from sight where skies to earth return.

Dark robed in sombre growth of forests green,

The mountain sides, with ever changing hue,

Throw deep their shadows o'er the vales between,

And rise in grandeur far in heavens'blue.

With knobby ridges where the river swells

From streamlets ever purling as they run,

The broken valleys, mingling hills and dells,

Lie dark in shade or brightened in the sun.

With pastures velvet green and woodland hills

Rock-ribbed and craggy reaching o'er the vales,

The farms adjoin, and all the valley fills With checkered bounds marked by the zigzag rails.

The golden grain in fields of oats and wheat

Is ready for the reapers busy throng,

The meadows, full of grasses blooming sweet,

Await the mower and his cheerful song.

What homes could be within a scene like this,

Were truth upheld and culture free to all

Alas!

the selfish hearts to love remiss

Uphold the laws that must their minds enthrall.

Where nature, kind to all, her wealth bestows

In forests, fields, and ever flowing springs,

The customs of society impose The poverty of thought tradition brings.

When landscapes fill with beauty all the scene

In depths of leafy shade and sunlit fields,

Uncultured man sees only country green,

And beauty only where it money yields.

The grasping rich forever grasp for more,

The poor are filled with sullen discontent,

And class distinction keeps both rich and poor

Away from culture by their own consent.

All works united interests require,

All joys refinements of the soul create, All pleasures art and nature may inspire,

Are lost within the minds uncultured state.

The sordid thoughts of temporal affairs,

The jar and wrangle of a daily strife,

Enslave the mind beneath the many cares

Of selfish labors, and a foolish life.

And vales where labor skilled in landscape art

Could make an Eden of the prosy farms,

Show everywhere the minds unskillful part,

Destroying even natures'lavished charms.

O! land of mountains, forests, fields and streams,

When will thy people from their errors turn?

When will thy customs yield to light that beams

In knowledge free to all that will to learn?

Can mind from darkness of traditions'lore

Evolving truth from error turn its range

In thought and action that may laws restore

Of universal and progressive change?

Alas! to-morrow as to-day must be,

Except the powers of heaven wield their might,

In revolutions that externally

Establish higher thoughts of life and right.

Till man, inspired with higher, nobler thought,

The selfish passions of inherent sin

Has conquered in the aspirations taught

Bv revelation to the soul within.

While mind, expanding in the laws of God,

To something higher than the common state

And pathways which for ages it has trod, Aspires to be the noble, truly great.

Inviting all to join a higher cause

And in progressive thought have liberty,

By heaven sent, we teach the higher laws,

And daily labor all the land to free.

And slowly, surely, truth the land inspires

To turn from customs ever seeking pelf,

To nobler aspirations and desires

In Gods'refinement of immortal self.

Joseph L.

Toiansoid.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Tzventy Cents.

Salt Lake City, March, 1S83.

SUCCESS OF OUR DELEGATES.

The failure of the second session of the forty-seventh Congress to pass additional inimical legislation against the people of Utah to that known as the Edmunds law, which disgraces the records of the previous session, is a defeat for Senator Edmunds, the zealous advocate of extreme measures for the suppression of Mormonism.

Correspondingly it chronicles a victory for our representatives in Washington, whose triumph was all the more complete in the successful attempt, to seat Delegate Caine for the unexpired term.

This double success—preventing worse legislation than has already been enacted, and restoring the people's representation, so outrageously taken from them in the refusal to admit Delegate Cannon was due to several causes which the people of this Territory will remember with satisfaction, and which their enemies might ponder upon with benefit to themselves.

The extreme popular feeling of intolerance, which was wrought up during the previous session and made the passage of the Edmunds law possible, was, to a great extent, assuaged by the time the Commissioners were appointed, and before they arrived here occasional notices in the Eastern papers indicated that a reactionary sentiment was gaining ground, and that the Utah problem might yet have to be considered with coolness and deliberation before it was entirely solved.

Expressions of hope that the Commissioners would be judicious in administering the obnoxious law, and as lenient as possible under its provisions, found place in some of the public prints, while the difficulty of carrying out the ambiguous provisions of the law caused those, whose duty it was to do so, to carefully consider every step before attempting it, lest they might become disagreeably involved.

This allowed considerable time to elapse, and gave opportunity for a sober second thought to supplant the wild and senseless impulse which had driven Congress on to ignore every plea made for the right and to commit the great outrage upon our people.

There were, however, more direct influences brought to bear upon the last session, which the senator from Vermont found it a difficult task to overcome.

In the first place, the people of Utah, with characteristic patience, had coolly submitted to their disfranchisement, had raised no disturbance, but on the contrary had aided the Commissioners to execute the law, thus most emphatically manifesting a disposition to be at peace and to be law-abiding.

The Commission could find no cause for complaint in their reception here and reported accordingly that the law was being complied with, so far as possible, under the partial trial it had received.

The President, in his message, recommended further trial before other measures were adopted.

This was one check upon the rabid^anti-Mormons.

There can be but little doubt that many congressmen, who voted against the admission of Delegate Cannon and for the Edmunds law, did so, thinking they would please their constituents on the ground of their general animosity towards the Mormons.

They expected this measure to be one in which the populace was so much interested that it would have its weight in the elections of last autumn.

And so it proved, though not, as a rule, in the interest of the demagogues who hoped to be benefited by it.

The influence of bad legislation in a popular government can never be to sustain the men in office who are guilty of enacting it.

They may not realize it at

EDITORIAL.

the time, but the history of our country, all along from the commencement, proves this to be true, and no more noteworthy examples can be found than in connection with the efforts to legalize injustice practiced and desired against the people of Utah.

A much greater proportion of the members, who voted against right and reason—against

George Q.Cannon and for the Edmunds law—were left at home at the polls last year, than of those valiant few that dared to risk the consequences and do their honest duty to conscience as well as to their constituents.

The failure to be re-elected for another term no doubt made many members sick of the Utah question, their record on which they had counted for help.

Another direct bearing upon Congress which had a great deal to do with the defeat of the sage of Vermont, was the splendid argument of Judge Jeremiah S.

Black before the Committee on Judiciary, copies of which were placed on the members'desks.

This wonderful array of telling truths, which were so graphically told by the eminent lawyer, staring them in the face, made some wince under the fear that they had done violence not only to the people of Utah, but to their official oath.

It is said that certain members expressed themselves satisfied that those who voted for the Edmunds law, were, in fact, guilty of perjury.

Other members, we are informed, who were in favor of denying our Delegate admission, and voted against him, became convinced that they had transcended all bounds of constitutional prerogative, and by the act, had broken down one of the most sacred barriers of constitutional government.

To meet President Cannon among them this winter, with his usual urbanity and the unruffled serenity that always characterizes his intercourse with men of the world, was heaping coals of fire upon their heads.

In fact, we have heard that some of the members acknowledged as much to him.

There was one very potent power which was effective in modifying the popular sentiment against us that should not be overlooked.

The press of the country, through one channel of communication, caught a glimmer of light to show the actual condition of affairs here. We mean the correspondence from Utah to the New York World. The letters of Mr. Phil. Robinson, the genial and celebrated war correspondent of the

London Telegraph, were not only read by the thousands of readers of the World, but were reproduced in prints of less celebrity all over the country, and extracts made from them have been read by tens of thousands.

This widespread dissemination of truth—for Mr. Robinson's letters contained a vast amount of truth, in excess of what correspondents, special and otherwise, are in the practice of publishing about us—did good, in allaying much unreasonable prejudice and giving place for reflection and thought.

The presence in Washington of a number of our influential and representative citizens sent there to urge the admission of the Territory into the Union, might not have had much direct influence in resisting eyil legislation, but their presence and counsel no doubt stimulated Brothers Cannon and Caine, and the united prayers of so many good men may have had something to do with it. Upon this point we are impelled to record a circumstance that occurred at home.

The night before the last day when Senator Edmunds called up his new bill, there was a meeting in the Council House of the Y. M. M.

I. Associations of Salt Lake Stake.

Before the exercises closed, General Superintendent Woodruff had a letter he had received from President Cannon read, and remarked afterwards that he supposed there were some praying men in the congregation, and he said:

"I expect that to-morrow Mr. Edmunds will try to get that new bill of his through the Senate, of course it can't pass the House this session, but I don't want it to pass the Senate.

Now if our prayers avail anything, let us remember Senator Edmunds when we pray to-night."Our conviction is that he was remembered;

his bill did not pass the Senate.

These are some of the influences

TEMPERANCE LECTURE.

which operated to defeat what was, perhaps, the worst proposed law ever presented in Congress for the injury of a helpless people.

Others may be concocted which will possess meaner features.

The spirit that dictated the framing of this is capable of anything.

There are, however, powers in right and truth, which in the very hour of need never fail, and so long as our trust is put in these, and we accept whatever evils we have to endure as punishment for our failure to do so, we are sure of an ultimate triumph, the most distinguished statesmen or political bodies to the contrary notwithstanding.

The more we do, the more we can do;

the busier we are the more leisure we have.

Hazlitt.

TEMPERANCE LECTURE.

In responding to the invitation of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association of Hyrum, I beg to say that press of other matters has prevented me from preparing myself to speak upon this subject as its importance demands, but I can submit some statistics which show the effects of intemperance on the human body and soul more forcibly than any thing I can say.

Intemperance, license and prohibition have recently been somewhat fully discussed through the columns of the Utah

Journal.

Those who advocate strict prohibition as a means of checking intemperance among our people, seem firmly impressed with the idea that every possible safeguard should be thrown around the youth and those of mature age who have not, within themselves, the power to resist temptations that are fast sapping the foundations, upon which have rested the prosperity, morality, and purity of great Christian nations, that are now wallowing in the filth and degradation of intemperance.

Holding that there are some, even among the Latter-day Saints, too weak to resist the tempting cup when pressed to their lips by the hands of false friends, yet who are too good to be left to destroy peace and happiness, desolate home, and die, perhaps, in the gutter, I am an uncompromising advocate of prohibition.

No man is permitted to sell poisoned food.

Who does so knowingly, to the destruction of life, answers the law on the charge of murder.

Why should any be held less guilty of crime for dispensing liquid poison?

Put the essence of tobacco into the mouth of a rattlesnake and see if the venom which makes its fangs the instrument of death, possesses neutralizing force sufficient to counteract the more deadly poison of the vegetable drug.

And yet I have seen tobacco in pieces larger than my hand Lin barrels, from which my brethren and friends had drank the whisky that extracted from that tobacco its deadly narcotic properties.

I have beheld with horror the effects of double-distilled, tobacco-poisoned whisky.

Untainted by it I have seen man face perils that spoke of death;

and under the sway of reason and calm judgment offer his coat to save the life of his companion, when the fierce blast of a winter storm was searching the marrow of his bones, chilling his vitals and clutching with icy hands the benumbed, almost frozen spark of life.

This was the natural man whose generosity the fear of death could not conquor.

Driven wild with whisky, the heart beating like the quick throb of an overworked engine, reason dethroned by distilled poison burning like living coals in the brain, he who offered the coat to save, sped the ball which pierced the heart of his friend, whose warm blood, rushing through the murderous rent, curdled in crimson clots on the frozen snow, and the hearts of two mothers broke.

Who shall declare that to be a legitimate business which, in its effects, makes man a demon, dyes his hands in blood, and sacrifices tender and loving hearts

TEMPERANCE LECTURE.

upon the altar of intemperance?

How can any man with one spark of the milk of human kindness in his heart, offer to his fellow man that which he knows may destroy the body and ruin the soul?

How can any father or brother ask our lawmakers to legalize and thereby become responsible for the crimes of those who seek to lead the weak and unsuspecting into temptations, which if yielded to, generally end in misery, pauperism and ignominious ruin?

Look at the home of the drunkard who would move heaven and hell in order to secure the means for gratifying his unnatural appetite!

Is it a cheerful, prosperous, beautiful and healthful home?

Does he educate his children and feed and clothe them well, or does he permit them to go bare-footed, half clad, and otherwise exposed to disease and suffering?

Does he not pay whisky bills while denying wife and children the means with which to keep the wolf of want from his door?

Look at the waste of property all around him!

If he has a house, look at the tattered rags hanging from the broken windows, the leaking roof, creaking doors, fireless hearth and general cheerlessness of the place he calls home.

Gaze through the sorrowful eyes down into the pain stricken heart of hiswife, and see if you can find a sentiment there which calls for a single blessing upon the head of the man who has assisted in the degradation of her husband. Look at his lean horses and starving cattle, if he has any left, as they perish in the pitiless storms that chill their marrowless bones, and say that no act of prohibition should be enforced to assist in checking such an one in his downward course.

Is it possible for the inebriate to confine the results of his intemperance to himself?

No, it is not possible!

It extends to others in spite of all he can do, and in so far as it injures them, his agency should be curtailed.

With kindness and long suffering, with gentleness and good will?

Yes! and if necessary, by removing with every legitimate and lawful means the temptation which he cannot resist unaided. Should the acts—the agency of the brother, who a short time ago, deserted his post at midnight and left exposed, by reason of his engendered love of liquor, a hundred thousand dollars worth of property intrusted to his care, be in any way restrained?

Do intemperate men usually stand at the head of banking, railroad, manufacturing and commercial affairs?

Do they stand at the head and control matters in which the Lord and good men have delight?

Contrast the intelligent look, the energy, the mental and physical endurance of the temperate man with those of the intemperate.

Contrast the difference between their surroundings, homes and families and then say which you prefer and which you will imitate.

I will now submit for your consideration an account of some of the evils of intemperance in England, and its cost:

In the year 1S79 the inhabitants of the United Kingdom expended for intoxicating drinks $640,716,320.

The names of 3,000,000 persons were registered on the books of the "Poor Law Unions"during that year, and 94,000 lunatics were in the asylums.

In 1877 320,000 persons were apprehended for drunkenness;

75,000,000 bushels of grain—an amount equal to what Utah, at our present rate, would produce in forty years—is used yearly in the manufacture of intoxicants which cause there, annually, 120,000 premature deaths.

"It is the opinion of the best informed individuals that the cost of the mischief resulting from drinking, viz., pauperism, crime, disease, waste of grain, accidents, loss of labor, etc., amounts to fully as much as the cost of the drink itself, and, therefore, if the direct and indirect cost of the drink be added together, it will give about thirteen hundred millions of dollars as the amount the nation loses yearly through intoxicating liquors."In return for this stupendous annual outlay the nation reaps a harvest of crime, misery, destitution, vice, disease, ruin and death.

If the money was paid to rid the nation of such evils, it would be proof of common sense, "but to buy them at such a price, is supreme folly,"and would seem utterly impossible to

TEMPERANCE LECTURE.

an intelligent people.

During the seven years ending in 1877 the inhabitants of the British

Isles spent for drink 14,820,189,180, and paid for Poor and Police Rates 1505,723,590.

During the same time 3,334,110 persons—nearly ten per cent of the entire population—were convicted of crime, and 1,271,838 were apprehended for drunkenness.

From the above tables (taken from Parliamentary returns) it will be seen what an enormous amount of money is spent on intoxicating liquors.

Side by side we see the crime and drunkenness with the consequent taxation, etc.

How we suffer in other ways from the liquor traffic can never be realized.

The money paid for drink during those seven years would cancel England's national debt, and leave, $ 1,050,000,000 to spare.

It would pay for 26,082 miles of railway which is 10,000 miles more than was then being operated in the United Kingdom.

Had the money been invested in building houses it would have erected a new one for every family there, and build schools to accommodate all the children in that country.

Had the money spent by the English people during the past fifty years for liquors, been invested in securities realizing five per cent per annum, principle and interest would now exceed by |5,ooo,ooo,ooo the entire capitalized value of all the wealth of the United Kingdom, including its moneys, lands, railways, collieries, ironworks, quarries, mines, houses, mills and every other description of property.

Now all these things have grown and developed under the fostering care of legalized crime.

In other words intemperance in England and intemperance in the United States, if not the offspring of legalized crime is at least the bloated pauper of a system of license that encourages drunkenness.

And for this reason, having shown you some of the fearful effects of intemperance,

I unhesitatingly condemn the system of license under which it has grown to such shocking proportions.

In contrast I cite you to statistics, compiled by the best authority, showing that drunkenness has decreased from 40 to 90 per cent in the state of Maine where prohibition has been enforced.

[The lecturer here read from the writings of Hepworth Dixon, a beautiful description of the happy condition of the people of St. Johnsbury, Vermont, who had adopted "prohibition,"and concluding by adopting as his sentiments the following sound principles of Dr.

Albert Barnes, enunciated in his sermon, "The Thorne of Iniquity."] "I lay it down as a sound principle in regard to legislation that society should not by its laws protect evil.

This perhaps, is sufficiently clear from the remarks already made but the importance of the principle in itself, and the application which I intend to make of it, require that it should be made a little more distinct and prominent.

The position is that the purpose of society in organizing a government, and the purpose of a government under such organization, should not be to protect evil in any form.

The law is made for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers, for whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for men-stealers, for liars, for perjured persons, (1 Tim.

1: 9.) and not to protect those who practice these vices, or protect anything which will give facility in practicing them.

The true object of legislation is to prevent, not to protect evil.

God never instituted a government on earth with a view to its throwing a protecting shield over vice and immorality. He has never commissioned men to sit in high places to accomplish any such work.

The end of government, so far as it bears on that point at all, is to suppress crime, to punish wrongdoers, to remove iniquity, to promote that which is just and true.

And it matters not what the evil is, nor how lucrative it may be, nor how much capital may be invested in it, nor how much revenue may be derived from it, nor how many persons may have an interest in its continuance—the business of the lawgiver is to suppress it—not to protect it;

to bring it to as speedy an

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

end as possible, not to become the panderer to it, or the patron of it.

What wo.ild be thought of a government that should, under any pretext whatever, take under its protecting care thieves, counterfeiters, and burglars?

A third principle in regard to legislation is equally clear and equally important:

It is that society should not undertake to regulate evil by law.

Its business is to remove it—not to regulate it."Having an abiding faith in prohibition backed by local option, I would have the young men of Hyrum use their influence to have illicit liquor dealers here, discontinue their degrading, unlawful traffic.

. This failing, rise up and help the city authorities to enforce the law.

If there are any in favor of license to sell liquor in Hyrum please manifest it.

[Not a hand was raised.] Who are in favor of temperance and prohibition?

[The congregation voted unanimously.] May God bless and preserve you from the blight of intemperance and the sin of drunkenness.

A vote of thanks was tendered and most heartily given to the lecturer, Apostle Moses Thatcher, whose inspiration, clothed in striking and beautiful language, thrilled his hearers.

Many hearts were touched and impressions made which cannot soon be forgotten.

C.

C. Sharp ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

NOTICE.

The Tenth Semi-Annual Conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Monday, April 9th.

Meetings, at a.m., p.m., and 7 p.m.

The Stake Superintendents are expected to be present.

Stake Secretaries are urgently requested to forward to the General.Secretary their annual reports, to arrive not later than April 6th, and as much sooner as possible.

All officers and members of Associations and of the Young Ladies Associations and the public generally are invited to be present at this conference.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCES—SUMMIT.

On Friday, February 9, 1883, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Summit Stake of Zion, met in quarterly conference in the Coalville School House.

On the stand were the General Stake Superintendency and the Stake Presidency.

Superintendent Ward E.

Pack, presiding.

Prayer by George Beard.

After a few preliminary remarks by the Superintendent, the verbal reports of the various Associations were given; nine of the thirteen Associations being represented;

the spirit of Mutual Improvement manifestly increasing.

Much good and timely instruction was given by Presidents W. W.

Cluff and Alma Eldredge;

Superintendents Ward E. Pack, O. F. Lyons and George

Beard.

One of the speakers stated that ten of the members of the Associations of this Stake are now on foreign missions.

After which the General and Stake officers were unanimously sustained.

Stake officers, Ward E. Pack, Superintendent;

O.

F.

Lyons, George Beard, Councilors; E. H. Rhead, Secretary.

Conference adjourned for six months.

E. H. Rhead, Secretary.

SEVIER.

The Fourth Quarterly Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. Associations of Sevier Stake, was held in Richfield Assembly Hall, Saturday, Feb. 10th, 18S3.

The meeting was called to order by Superintendent Wm. H. Seegmiller. The

Superintendency and Stake Presidency were present on the stand.

The morning exercises were commenced by singing, and prayer by Elder Simon Christensen, and consisted of opening remarks by Superintendent Seegmiller, verbal reports from the several Associations, and addresses by Elders A. D.

Thurber, Jos. W. Noble, George T. Bean

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

and Superintendent Seegmiller, all of whose remarks were spirited and to the point. Conference adjourned till next day at 10 a.m.

Second day, Sunday, Feb. nth, 1883.

10 a. m.

Forenoon occupied by Elder Wm.

A. Warnock.

Afternoon—Sacrament was administered by the Richfield

Ward.

The following condensed report of the Associations for quarter ending December 31, 18S2, presented and read by the Secretary.

Sixteen Associations organized in the Stake, of which only twelve are reported, showing: Members, 449;

average attendance, 29S;

regular, conjoint and extra meetings, S4; members gone on missions, 6; volumes in libraries, 301; value, $302.85; number manuscript papers, 1; essays read, 13; Scripture reading, total chapters, 246; subjective lectures, 78; testimonies borne, 81;

questions answered, 89.

The General and Stake officers were presented and unanimously sustained.

Officers as follows:

Wm. H.

Seegmiller, Superintendent;

Albert D.

Thurber and Geo. T.

Bean, Councilors;

John A.

Hellstrom, Secretary; Wm. Ogden, Jr., Treasurer.

President Franklin Spencer gave a few cheering and encouraging remarks.

Superintendent Seegmiller gave instructions to the Associations, urging promptness in making reports, and diligence of the members to strive and reform erring young men, and to have the programme of exercises proposed and recommended by the General Superintendency adopted at the earliest possible date.

The conference throughout was highly interesting and instructive, a good spirit prevailing.

Conference adjourned to meet at Redmond, on call of the Stake Superintendency.

Jno. A. Hellstrom, Secretary.

SALT LAKE.

The Conference of the Y.

M. M.

I.

Associations of the Salt Lake Stake was held in the Assembly Hall, Sunday, February 18th, 1883, commencing at 10 a.m.

and 6.30 p.m.

After the usual opening exercises, a statistical and financial report, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1882, was read and reports were given by the assistants who had been appointed to visit the Associations throughout the Stake

The reports showed the Associations to be in excellent working order, and accomplishing much good for the young who attend them.

Sister Freeze reported the Young Ladies'Associations as being in a very good condition.

Excellent remarks and timely suggestions were then made by President Wilford Woodruff, Supt.Jos. H.

Felt and Asst. Supt. R.

B.

Young, each exhorting the young people to diligence in acquiring a knowledge of the principles of the Gospel, and not to be discouraged because some older people do not do as they should, for the time is coming when every person will have to stand on his own footing.

Supt. Felt returned thanks, in behalf of the Associations, to President J. F. Smith and Elder

Wm. Fotheringham, who had been lecturing to the Associations during the winter season.

Adjourned to 6.30 p.m.

6.30 p.m.—After singing, and prayer, the general and stake authorities were presented and unanimously sustained.

Assistant Supt.

J.

F.

Wells made some excellent remarks on the growth of the mutual improvement work, and the testimony of the parents and leading men of Israel of the good this work is accomplishing. Asst. Supt. R. C. Badger clearly showed the benefits of the Associations by contrasting the condition of the young men in his boyhood and those of to-day.

President Wilford Woodruff made some excellent suggestions and remarks on the manner of conducting the Associations and the responsibility which is placed on young men when they receive the Priesthood.

The men who received the Priesthood anciently were held responsible for its use and also for conferring it upon men appointed by

God to receive it in this day, and all who receive it will be held responsible for its rightful use.

President A. M. Cannon exhorted the young men to prepare themselves to take the responsibility of the Gospel from their fathers'shoulders.

Conference adjourned, subject to the call of the Stake superintendency.

LYNCH & COTTRELL, RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South Streets- G.KERAL AGEKTS FOR UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA.

gffi—FOK THE—

FABM I SPEIIS WMOIS,—A LSO—

Cj^IRIE^I^a-IES and HI-AJR/IKriESSDealers in All Kinds of, Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

H. W. SPENCER.

VMJfCMMt M. R. EVANS.

Walker Opera House, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1019.

DEALERS IN 3Ln m.

m mmm fishins tackle, mm, cm mi and o?n eiuw, m» Etc.

-4 /so a Fine Stock of TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES AND SMOKERS'ARTICLES.

To Purciasers of Home-mada BOOTS ana SHOES, The just renown of the Roots and Shoes made hy 2L C, M* L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our (joods.

im- BEWAltE OP IMITATION, "mx Purchase only those BEARING OUR BRAND.

i^^<^y^p^^^^:i^ PURCHASE YOUR HOME MADE WOOLS PGas1 KS AT THE 500 Pieces Dress Flannels.

500 Pieces Plain Flannels.

250 Pieces Twilled Flannels.

1000 Pairs of Blankets.

5000 Pounds of Worsted Yarn.

200 Pieces Cassimere.

100 Pieces Jeans.

200 Pieces Linseys.

ALL GOODS AT LOWEST PRICES.

JOHN C. CUTLER*

CAPITAL, $200,000.

SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIRECTORS:

WM. H. HOOPER, Prest., WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-Prest.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROESBECK.

\ecbleTs in HcltcLzuoocL, Ifolts,

Itotl, Steel, CHAINS, AND/LL KI^DS OF FAIJM FIXTURES.

We kindly invite our friends to call and examine *B~ B^ fl^^ "^ "Agents for ffifi

Oeletrated our «ioc£ 6e/ore purchasing _ get ft P STUDEBAKER FARM AND SPRING WAGONS elsewhere.

&f\lXife Buckeye Mowers and Reapers, *7 1 n N '^ FURST & bradley south bend chilled plow^ §0* HARBOWS, SXJJjK."5T PLOWS and RAKES, Etc.

WM. JEOINGS, A, AARON FARR, Superintendent.

Manager 467BBS©* WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

0FPEE3 A FULL LINE OP General QQei^ghandise,^ WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CITY.

1 1 in w wrav-mnHt '9 AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

jaEJT& Y6HW nW> B0¥g'CL8WPIN6.

"CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK,"AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY,

INK, ETC,

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring: Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, mil AND IMUUL MASONS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P.

0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAZE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, OAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Wcrk Shoj), G7 and 69 Main Street.

1st South St.

tern ffiariets.

No.

2nd South St, WHITE & SONS, Proprietors.

Have always on hand the IN SEASON.

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, And all kinds of DRIED 3^v£D^-TS.

All orders pn'rU«fed to our care promptly isclivered.

»:

^BBK| By Car Load, per Ton, $6.00 At Yard, 6.50 Delivered, 7.00 By Car Load, per Ton, $L-50 At Yard, o.Ou Delivered, 5.50 By Car Load, per Ton, $£.50 At Yard, 5.25 Delivered, (i 6 00 -^» GfcOTJlLi"L Agent,

JP.

*S7V.

IS/tsLdL&Gxi. db Oo.

Full Stock of Heaters, Ranges, Tin and Granite Ware.

Extras for Everlasting and Target Stoves.

50 MAIN STREET, OPPOSITE HOOPER AND ELDRED6E BLOCK.

All kinds of Furniture and Upholstered Goods.

P. W. Madsen, 40 Main Street124 & 126 EAST TEMPLE STREET,

Are Receivihg their Large and I WELL SELECTED STOCK—OF—

i Fall & Wilier Ms.

CONSISTING OF Fanoyfi StapleDry Goodsj Brocaded Velvets. Silks. Satins and Cassimeres, Mostly our own Importations.

HOSIERY, CORSETS, LACES, NECKWEAR, -M^EjST DESIGN.-:-—AND AT Iteci6oncible JtriccA.

ladies', mmm'and (Llrildmi^ Jjftocs -and llippcrs, GENT'S AND BOYS'CLOTHING, FURNISHING GOODS,

HATS, BOOTS AND SHOES OF BEST QUALITY.

Ladies', Misses'and Children's D0LMA Sf- ^2^s & ulsters, Olia CARPET DEPARTMENT Is Complete in Every Line.

MILLINERY in all its Branches, Newcsi Designs and Styles.

v^vwY^v v>v^v'v^V'v^v'%^'v^ f"vv^v t^/N •v^>^v/>/ r-W"* BUY BOUND VOLUMES •tfP^ICK*$£.50.4»,.'-•..-»... J_^«iifcJ£^^.»ai.;«!_ WK jjjjg^MgfcgglMbgJji^^ig^MMJg^tAulgijtg ***Li

President:

vV.

H. HOOPER.

Vice-Prcst. and Superintendent:

WM. JENNINGS.

Secretary and Treasurer:

T.

G. WEBBER.

Branch Houses at 'OGDEN, WEBER CO., UTAH.

'LOGAN, CACHE CO., UTAH./ 'SODA SPRINGS, IDAHO. / Boeeeeweeetwceeoeeeeeaeaeeeeeewi

Importers and Wholesale and Retail Dealers in SALT LAKE CITY.

DUCK 6UITS, OVERCOATS AND OVERALLS, Lsather and Findings, Tina-are and Stamped Ware, CROCKERY and GLASSWARE, HEAVY AXD SHELF HARDWARE.

Stoves, Grates and (Ranges, (i lotting mul gmwhiitfj 6 (J fStapIe and FaqciJ (Jwjceneg, PROVISIONS AND PRODUCE, Pure Drugs and Medicines, TOOLS AND IMPLEMENTS, Paper Hangings, Newest Designs

STATIONERY AND SCH20L BO0E3, J$¥j3+7I]SD+GJIP!5, Rubber Goods, Etc., Etc., Etc.

AND HOUSE FURNISHINGS In all Qualities and of Latest Styles.

Co-operative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our choice and carefully selected stock.