The Glory of God is Intelligence.

VOL. V.

.

] NOVEMBER, 1&S3.

No.

2.

©F)€;

GOKflUBUTOR A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS R WELLS.

sax.10 X.AKE cxorv, utah,

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER, 1883.

History of the Book of M > mon.

Contents of the Original Records I George Reynolds Wonders of the Yellowstone '1 he (it ysers.

II De Vallibus A Prayer Ruby Lamont Political Institutio.s.

II J. M.

Tanner Intermtional Battle Grounds J. H, Ward Sermons and Wri ings.of the Prophets.

1 lurality of Wives President Brigham Young Trie Druids of Ancient Britain Chas.

W. Stayiter Native Tribes of the Far North,..

F. E. Barker..

Ireland and the Irish.

II.

R. S. Spence T.ie St. Gothard Rai'way Selected Do.s the Bible contain all the Scriptures?

B. H. Roberts Edward Hun'er O. F.

Whitney Editorial:

Re ormation Rainy Dny.s Amethyst Association Intelligence:

Semi- Annual Conference Quarterly Conference—Utah So GENERAL MERCHANDISE, WHOLESALE and RETAILDealers in PRODU CE AND DRIED FRUITS, HIGHEST MARKET PRICES PAID FOR FARM PRODUCTS.

Special Attention given to Orders by Mail.

WEPRHc MERCHANDISE,** SEbH5H5H5E5HSHSHHHE Opposite Z. C. M.

THE OLDEST, LARGEST and J[ost (Joilete F™ tIire fr* iD tlie E 0(^ fonntaiBs.

CAREFUL ATTENTION GIVEN TO OMTDER8 MY MAIL H. DIISTWOODIEY, First South Street W.

Dr. Seymour B. Yoirag, Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

w T Next to fhe Contributor Office.

—p. o. box g.jo.—

RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South StreetsGENERAL AGEKT8 FOR UTAH, IDAHO ASB UO.WiiSA,—FOK Tin;—

iPEiis Wie Dealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

OFFEES A FULL LINE OP

General (Ue^ghandiseJ WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CfTY.

AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

WW& ¥611W £P B@¥g'CD6TPIN6.

"CHAMPION MONITOR,'"CHARTER OAK/'^ND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS. STATIONERY.

INK. ETC.

To Fuckers

of BomG-ma.de BOOTS and OBOES, The Just renown of the Boots and Shoes made by 2LCL ILL FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Uoods.

OP MUTATION. -S* H.

B. OLAWSON.

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, GRAVE AND IIMETM IUS0NS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P. 0. Boz, 1065, SALT LAZE CIT7.

DAVID JAMES,.

PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

PALL STOCK.

ft Awbmk HEW GOODS.

ESTABLISHED 1864.

We take pleasure in informing the Public and our Patrons, that our /^FALL STOCK IS ARRIVINGiSx For our Various Departments, ALL NEW GOODS OF LATEST DESIGNS AND COLORS.

We Invite Everybody to Examine and Price them.

Remaining Stock of Summer Hods will le Soli.A.T LO-WEST PBICES.

Merchants and Wholesale Buyers will find our Stock Complete, at Eastern and Western Competition Prices.

ORDERS WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

AGKNT FOR

K^LdTi DELITTEREID $6.50 PER TOU.

ALL GRADES. LOWEST PRICES.

OFFICE, 127 MAIN STREET, NEXT TO BARRATT BROS.

Upholstery, Feathe rjs Bed ding, F U RJSI I T U F^E Blinds, ARRIAGES.

P.TEASDEL SALT LAKE CITY.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN I Dry i@©fe, BiGcories, Boots, Shoos, Hardware, Hotiono, AND ALL KINDS OF GENERAL MERHANDISE.

Best MZotuso for f^am i 1 37gS-u.;p>jpi:i.©J3.

jp. o. box 352.

feast Temple Street.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, G^JVo. 1287 First South Street W,«52S3 Jf^be ^Ito^ljs o^ t|^S %• ©fjoicesf of Mqfs ty §e^oty

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ rfeAND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fill Orders entrusted to our Care promptly (Delivered.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. V.

NOVEMBER, 188;

No.

2.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

CONTENTS OF THE RECORDS.—I.

The Book of Mormon gives us the history of two distinct peoples;

the first coming to America from the Tower of Babel, the second from Jerusalem.

The first race is known to us as Jaredites, the second by various names, growing out of the fact that more than one Israelitish colony landed on these shores, and also that after their arrival they split up and divided into distinct nationalities; of these divisions the Nephites, Lamanites and Zarahemlaites hold the most conspicuous places in ancient American history.

An ancient prophet of the tribe of Joseph named Lehi, was with a ftw followers, principally of his own family, led by the Lord out of the land of Palestine in the year 600 B. C.

His course from Jerusalem led to the Red Sea, then for some considerable distance along its shores, thence eastward across the Arabian Peninsula to the neighborhood of the Persian Gulf.

Here the little colony rested while a ship was built by God's command; and on its completion they crossed the Indian and Pacific Oceans to the shores of South America where they landed in that portion of the continent now called Chili.

This land became their new home and the cradle of their race, from whence they spread far and wide over both the North and South

American Continents.

We have given the account of this journey with great brevity, as of all parts of the Book of Mormon, none are so familiar to the general reader as the history of this journey, but we shall now proceed to give in greater detail the history of the two nations that sprang from

Lehi, believing that many are not as fully acquainted with these matters as is desirable.

The journey of Lehi's company, both by land and water, had been disturbed by internal dissensions.

These almost invariably grew out of the rebellious, discontented disposition of his elder sons.

After their arrival on the promised land these evils grew apace, and on the death of Lehi, the family divided into two communities, led respectively by Laman, the eldest, and Nephi, the fourth son.

We will first take up the history of the people led by Laman, and known to us as THE LAMANITES.

The history of the ancient Lamanites may be consistently divided into three epochs.

The first, when their nation was almost entirely composed of the literal descendants of Laman, Lemuel and Ishmael.

The second, when it consisted of those, no matter their descent, who rejected the Gospel and fought against its principles.

The third, when the name was used to designate those who, after the dispensation opened by the personal appearing of the Messiah on the American continent, turned away from His teachings, and again promulgated the old falsehoods, nurtured the old hatreds, and resurrected and delighted in the ancient abominations.

In the consideration of the Lamanite

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

character, we must always bear in mind that from their standpoint they had right and justice on their side.

They had no records to which they could appeal, but had to rely entirely on the traditions that were handed down to them from generation to generation.

These traditions taught them that their fathers Laman and Lemuel—were robbed of the kingly and priestly authority by their younger brothers—Sam, Nephi, Jacob and Joseph—of whom Nephi was the leader; that he by cunning and falsehood usurped the rights pertaining to the first-born, lorded it over his brethren, and was accepted by part as their king, while those to whom this dignity rightfully belonged very properly rejected this arrangement, claimed their just dues, and thus gave rise to the division of the colony and the establishment of the two hostile powers.

The Nephites thus came to be regarded as usurpers and robbers whom to destroy was virtue, to despoil was righteous gain.

It was because of these traditions, implanted in the womb, nurtured at the breast, and strengthened by every succeeding year of life, that the Lord showed such abundant mercy to this people whenever they manifested a desire to turn from their evil ways and blindness unto obedience to His word.

It is but little we are told of the history of the Nephites during the first four hundred years of their national existence;

it is still less that we know of the

Lamanites.

The parting of the two branches of Lehi's family was evidently in anger, at any rate it was so with those who joined themselves to Laman and Lemuel.

These two brothers had long murmured against Nephi's growing influence, now they sought his life.

Such was the condition of affairs when the Lord warned Nephi to take those who would go with him and flee into the wilderness.

Nephi unhesitatingly obeyed and journeyed to the northward, leaving the Lamanites in undisputed possession of their first homes on the land of promise.

But this did not suit the excited passions of the elder brothers, they did not crave peaceful homes and undisturbed sovereignty of a land so vast, that by its side the broad bounds of Solomon's extended sway were dwarfed into insignificance.

They sought authority over all their brethren, and revenge for fancied wrongs.

With this unhallowed feeling burning in their hearts, they followed the Nephites to their new habitations.

The condition of the Lamanites was now pitiable.

They had cut themselves off from the presence of the Lord, the Priesthood was withdrawn from them;

the records and scriptures were beyond their reach; hatred and malice reigned supreme in their souls, they had no inclination for the arts of peace;

they were restless, cunning and idle, while they sought in the wilderness the food necessary to sustain life.

Already the curse of God was upon them;

lest they should appear pleasant to Nephite eyes, their fair and beautiful skins grew dark and repulsive, their habits became loathsome and filthy, and this same skin ot darkness came upon the children »of all those who intermarried with them.

So quickly did they follow up the Nephites, that in less than forty years from the time that Lehi left Jerusalem there had already been war and contentions between the two peoples, both of whom had established a monarchical form of government.

While the early Nephites were polygamists, and unfortunately unrighteous ones, the Lamanites were monogamists, which form of marriage they appear to have ever after retained.

As we shall have to refer so often to their vices, we must, injustice to them, here insert the description of their domestic virtues given by Jacob, the son of Lehi.

He says, "Behold, their husbands love their wives, and their wives love their husbands;

and their husbands and their wives love their children; and their unbelief and their hatred towards you, is because of the iniquity of their fathers."

Even as early as Jacob's days, "many means were devised to reclaim and restore the Lamanites to the knowledge of the truth,"but it was all in vain, for they cherished an eternal hatred towards

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

their Nephite brethren, and would accept no good thing at their hands.

These efforts to reclaim were diligently continued in the days of Enos, the son of Jacob, but with no better success.

The Lamanities were growing more hardened rather than to the contrary.

Enos described them as wild, ferocious, and bloodthirsty, full of idolatry and filthiness, feeding upon beasts of prey which they devoured raw.

They dwelt in tents, and wandared from place to place as their fancies led, or their necessities compelled.

Their clothing was simply a short skin girdle about their loins;

they shaved their heads, and were skillful in the use of the bow, the axe, and the cimeter.

Such was the sad depth of degradation to which they had fallen in the second generation, which, like the previous one, expended its meagre energies in repeated depredations upon the Nephites.

When two hundred years had passed away the Lamanites, from some unexplained cause, had grown more numerous than the Nephites, they had also sunk yet lower in barbarism.

They loved murder and drank the blood of beasts.

Notwithstanding the ill success that attended their expeditions against the Nephites, they made war against them the business of their lives, generation after generation. We can scarcely conceive a people more loathsome and savage than the Lamanites of this age;

what little of refinement and civilization their ancestors had brought from Jerusalem had long since been forgotten; apparently they had lost everything that was good, and had retained and accumulated only that which was evil.

The second two hundred years is a repetition of the first.

Wars, repeated wars, are the burden of the history of the race; they had nought else to relieve its monotony—art, science and enterprise were unknown.

About three hundred and twenty years after the exodus from Jerusalem, they appear, to have gained great advantage over the Nephites, the Lord having used them, as He had before-time promised, as a scourge to the latter people when they forsook His ways.

Amaron (a descendant of Jacob) writing about this time, states that the more wicked portion of the Nephites had been destroyed, but afterwards tells us that the Lord had delivered the righteous out of the hands of their enemies, which shows the destruction which came upon the wicked Nephites was at the hands of the Lamanites.

In the next generation these wars still continued.

We are now coming to a time when the history of the Lamanites is presented to us in greater detail, especially when it is connected by war or missionary enterprise with the annals of the Nephites.

Somewhere between and before Christ, the obedient Nephites, by the commandment of God, left the land which they then occupied and, under the guidance of a prophet named Mosiah, again started northward to seek a new home.

What the causes were that led to this migration the Book of Mormon does not inform us, possibly the rapidly increasing Lamanites were crowding so pertinaciously upon the Nephites that quiet possession was no longer possible, therefore another exodus was commanded.

At any rate, it is certain that as soon as the Nephites evacuated the country the Lamanites entered it, and possessed themselves of the cities and settlements which Nephite industry had created.

This land was called the Land of Nephi by the Nephites in honor of the founder of their race, and by such name is known all through the Book of Mormon.

The land to which the Nephites retired was called the Land of Zarahemla, and thither the restless Lamanites quickly followed, so that in the days of King Benjamin, son of Mosiah, we read of their invading that land also, from which they were driven by its defenders after much blood had been spilt on both sides.

In the days of King Benjamin certain unquiet Nephite spirits became anxious to return to the Land of Nephi, whose lost riches they bewailed.

The King finally gave his consent.

The first expedition was a disastrous failure quarrels among the leaders of the company ended in a bloody battle and the return of the few survivors to Zarahemla.

Nothing daunted, a second company

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

soon after started, which in one sense was more successful, in that it reached the Land of Nephi in safety.

The Nephite evacuation of the cities built in the Land of Nephi had no doubt a beneficial effect on those portions of the Lamanite race that took possession of them.

They thereby became acquainted with some of the comforts and excellence of civilization, and, though very slow to learn, their experience at this time laid the foundation for a slight advance of the arts of peace in their midst,. and from this period we read of two classes of this people, the one living in cities, the other roaming in the wilderness.

However, at the time of the return of this Nephite colony (whose leader was named Zeniff ), they had not learned to keep in repair the Nephite cities which they occupied.

A king named Laman governed the Lamanites at this time.

On Zeniff's arrival a treaty was made between the two parties, and the Nephites re-occupied the cities of Lehi- Nephi and Shilom,and the country immediately surrounding.

Laman's subjects were an idle and idolatrous people, and he readily perceived the advantages that would accrue from the presence of an industrious people in their midst, but who were not sufficiently strong to be a menace to his authority.

Twelve years were thus passed by the Nephites in repairing the cities and developing the resources of the lands adjoining, during which time Laman had been watching their progress and noting their growing powers, and which, by the conclusion of this period, so alarmed him that he intrigued with his people to make a sudden attack on the people of Zeniff.

A battle ensued, in which the Lamanites were defeated with a loss of three thousand and fortythree warriors.

After this there was an armed peace of twenty- two years duration.

Before the end- of this twenty-two years King Laman died.

He was succeeded by his son, who soon after his ascension again sought the chances of war in the effort to stay the continually increasing strength of Zeniff's people, who formed a kingdom within a kingdom, and were an annoyance and an eye-sore to all loyal Lamanites.

The young king was no more successful than his father he also was ignominiously defeated with great loss, and driven out of the region held by Zeniff.

Shortly after this war Zeniff died and his son Noah succeeded him.

In process of time the war was renewed; the

Lamanites commencing by sending in bands of marauders who cut off small or isolated bodies of Noah's subjects, and drove their flocks and herds away.

Noah was at first successful in resisting these encroachments, but being given over to drunkenness and debauchery, he did not take effectual steps to defend his frontier.

With his false priests, courtiers and courtezans, he gave himself up to the gratification- of the appetites of the flesh, and under his rule a great prophet of the Lord, named Abinadi, was martyred at the stake.

Such was the condition of affairs (about

B. C. 150) when the hosts of the Lamanites suddenly appeared in the Land Shemlon.

King Noah ordered instant flight and the desertion of the women and children to the mercies of the ruthless Lamanites, while he himself set the cowardly example by fleeing in all haste.

Some of his people refused to obey this disgraceful command, and, through the intercession of their wives and daughters (the Lamanite respect for woman still being observable), were able to save their lives, though at a heavy cost. They made an ignominious treaty, in which they agreed to pay to the conquerors one-half of all they possessed, and onehalf of their increase year by year.

Noah was afterwards killed by some of his own people, and one of his sons, named Limhi, reigned in his stead.

In some respects his rule may be said to have been little more than nominal, as the Lamanites set guards all around the land to prevent the Nephites escaping into the wilderness, which guards were paid out of the tribute exacted from the subjects of King Limhi.

This state of things continued for two years.

In these times there was a romantic

h;story of the book of mormon.

spot in the Land of Shemlon (on the Nephite borders) where the Lamanitish maidens were in the habit of gathering on pleasure bent. Here they sang, danced and made merry with all the gaiety o* youthful innocence and overflowing spirits.

One day when a few were thus gathered they were suddenly surprised, and twenty -four of their number carried off by strange men who, from their appearance, were unmistakably

Nephites.

On learning of this act of treachery the Lamanites were stirred to uncontrollable anger and, without seeking an explanation, they made a sudden incursion into the territory held by King Limhi.

This attack, however, was not successful, for their movements, though not understood, had been discovered, and their intended victims came pouring forth to meet them.

With Limhi and his people it was a war for existence, to be defeated was to be annihilated; his warriors therefore fought with superhuman energy and desperation, and in the end they succeeded in driving the Lamanites back.

So speedy did the flight become, that in their confusion the Lamanites left their wounded

King lying among the heaps of slain.

There he was discovered by the victors.

In the interview between him and Limhi that followed, mutual explanations ensued.

The Lamanite King complained bitterly of the outrage committed on the daughters of his people, while Limhi protested that he and his subjects were innocent of the base act.

Further investigation developed the fact that some of the iniquitous priests of King Noah, who had fled from the dreaded vengeance of their abused countrymen into the wilderness, were the guilty parties.

Being without wives, and fearing to return home, they had adopted this method to obtain them.

On hearing this explanation, King Laman consented to make an effort to pacify his angry hosts.

At the head of an unarmed body of Nephites he went forth and met his armies who were returning to the attack.

He explained what he had learned, and the Lamanites, possibly somewhat ashamed of their rashness, renewed the covenant of peace.

This peace, unfortunately, was of short duration. The Lamanites grew arrogant and grievously oppressive and under their exactions and cruelty the condition of Limhi's subjects grew continually worse, until they were little better off than were their ancestors in Egypt before Moses, their deliverer, arose..

Three times they broke out in actual rebellion, and just as often their taskmasters grew more cruel and exacting, until their spirits were entirely broken;

they cowered before their oppressers, and bowed "to the yoke of bondage, submitting themselves to be smitten and to be driven to and fro, and burdened according to the desires of their enemies."

How many years this state of things existed is uncertain, but eventually the Lord delivered Limhi's people, and, with the aid of some of their friends from the Land of Zarahemla who had sought them out, they escaped into the wilderness.

Their escape was a severe blow to the semi-savage Lamanites, who for years, because of their much greater numbers, had been able to hold these Nephites in a state of subjugation most favorable to their own partial barbarism and improvident, idle habits. They obtained from them all the advantages derived from slave labor with none of its responsibilities.

Now that they had escaped, the great source of local national revenue was lost, besides the gratification of race animosities could no longer be indulged in.

By this one movement their pride, their passions and pockets were alike disastrously affected.

They re-occupied the deserted cities, arid sent an army to overtake and re: capture the fugitives.

The expedition was a failure, it lost its.

way in the wilderness, and wandered aimlessly about in the vain endeavor to capture the Nephites or find their way home.

While wandering backwards and forwards they came upon the hiding place of King Noah's priests.

These vile creatures sought mercy at the hands of the Lamanites, and being joined in this appeal by their wives, the abducted daughters of the Lamanites, the hearts of the soldiers were softened, and the

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

miscreants'prayers were granted, whereupon they joined the Lamanites in their search. After a time they wandered into the region occupied by the Christians, who a few years previously, to escape the persecutions of King Noah, had fled into the wilderness, and under the guidance of Alma, had there built up new homes.

The Lamanites gained from Alma the information they needed as to their way back, took possession shortly after of the country occupied and improved by Alma's people, and before long placed them under the rule of Amnion, the leader of the priests, who was appointed a kind of tributary prince or ruler over the region occupied by his own people and the colony of Alma.

Amnion soon commenced to treat his Christian subjects with great severity and harshness.

He had known Alma in the days when they were both priests to King Noah, and vented all the hate engendered of a false and bloody faith on the followers of the man who, he considered, more than any other, had been the means of the overthrow of himself and his priestly associates in crime. This reign of tyranny did not last long, the condition of Alma's people became intolerable, and under the guidance of their heaven-directed leader they escaped to the Land of Zarahemla.

The Lamanites were now undisputed possessors of all the southern continent outside that land.

Their King at this time was named Laman, a son of the previous king of that name.

The Lamanites now took a very important step in civilization.

King Laman appointed the former priests of Noah to be teachers of his people in every land over which he ruled.

These men, who were learned in the knowledge of the Nephites, taught the Lamanites the language of their race, that of the Lamanites having become corrupted by long use without a written literature.

They also taught them to write, that they could correspond with each other and keep national historical records.

This epoch may be considered as the dawn of learning among this nation, and appears to have been coeval with the first infusion of the more vigorous Nephite blood in their veins.

The astute priests, however, studiously avoided teaching them anything regarding the true God, the law of Moses, or the words of the Prophets.

But from this time the Lamanites, according to the testimony of the Book of Mormon, increased in riches, and began to trade one with another and wax great, and to be a cunning people, delighting in all manner of wickedness and plunder, except it were among their own brethren.

It is also recorded that the Lamanites were much more numerous than the united people of Mosiah and Zarahemla.

The events previously narrated have brought us to about one hundred and twenty years before the birth of Christ.

We must now take a leap of thirty years and introduce our readers to the Lamanites of the year 90

B. C.

At that time the supreme sovereign of all the land was a descendant of Ishmael, but his name is not recorded.

His son, Lamoni, reigned over that section of the country known as the Land of Ishmael, which we are inclined to think was situated east or south-east of that portion of the

Land of Nephi in which the Nephites formerly dwelt.

Another king, named Antionus, exercised vice-regal authority in the Land of Middoni, which lay between Nephi and Ishmael.

The old supreme king resided in the city of Nephi, where was the capital and central seat of government.

Another large city was being built, adjoining the Land of Mormon, the place where Alma, about half a century previously, had established a Christian church.

To this city had been given the name of Jerusalem, in remembrance of the City of the Great King, from whence its builders had all sprung.

The Lamanites of this age had encroached upon the Nephites on both sides of the continent; they had crept up the strip of wilderness that bordered the great Pacific sea, and were rapidly filling the wide extent of the east wilderness. The idle, nomadic habits of those who did not live in their cities, required that they should, like

WONDERS OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

their descendants, the present Indians, have vast hunting'grounds, and it became their natural policy to occupy all the territory that they possibly could.

By this time the Lamanites had been strengthened by accessions of dissatisfied Nephites, who had an uncontrollable penchant for migrating to the Lamanites when anything displeased them at home.

The descendants of Amulon and his associates had also increased in numbers, and from their position as the teachers of the race they exercised a strong and unfortunately baneful influence among the race they were educating.

Another section of the Lamanite nation, about this time, steps into prominence—they were called Amalekites—were exceedingly hardened and faithless, and overflowing with hate towards the Nephites, from whom, it is not unreasonable to suppose, they were apostates.

The native Lamanites, Amulonites, and Amalekites, conjointly built the great city of Jerusalem, and from the mental superiority of its amalgamated people it developed a precedency in works of evil, in intrigue, and in stirring up strife with the Nephites. The more simple descendants of Laman and Lemuel were easily led by their sophistries and excited by their cunning, until they became the willing tools to execute all their villainy.

George Reynolds.

Errata.—No.

i, page 4, hrst column, for "385 B. C. Moroni's record closes,"and "from 306 to 320 B. C,"in both cases read "A. C."

He who knows most, grieves most for the waste of time.

WONDERS OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

THE GEYSERS.—II.

Not far, perhaps thirty feet, from the Grand is situated a peculiarly shaped geyser, which the government surveyors were tempted to call the Pumpkin Geyser from the fact that the sides and bottom of the basin, which is from eleven to twenty-three feet in diameter, are covered with globular masses that resemble squashes, not only by their shape, but they are the exact color of ripe pumpkins.

Among these singular spherical formations, however, there are some which resemble the Turkish turban and as the word Turban was considered by the surveyors more euphonious than pumpkin, the'geyser which plays here is called the Turban.

It is among the minor geysers, although the basin, which is filled during its eruptions is of great size and depth.

In consequence of there being so much water, the height to which it is thrown seldom exceeds twenty-five feet, but the vigorous boiling and fuming kept up by the ebullitions of the escaping steam makes the Turban quite an attractive sight.

When you cross the river after visiting the Grand, you are right at the base of the Castle, the most picturesque and commanding of all the great geysers.

The cone is on a platform made by the deposite of geyserite—the name given to the solid silicious formation produced by the overflowing water from the geysers.

This platform is perhaps three feet high and a hundred in diameter, and from it the cone or castle, which is about forty feet in diameter at the base and half as great on the top, rises to a height of twelve or fifteen feet.

The orifice of the geyser tube is circular, and three feet in diameter, and its throat is lined with large globular masses of orange color, and beautifully beaded, a characteristic of many of the geysers and nearly all the thermal springs in the geyser basins.

We were a little late to witness the eruption of the Castle from the commencement, though we saw the greater part of its singular performance, which may be described as follows:

It commences with a succession of spouting jets of water, about twenty every minute, which rise to various heights.

These last about fifteen minutes and are followed by steam and spray which escape

WONDERS OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

in regular pulsations that might be said to resemble the beating of the heart of Mother Earth, so deep, regular and intense are they.

The water jets sometimes rise a hundred feet, while during the spray and steam period of the eruption it is much lower.

A steady escape of steam soon follows, and it appears as though the water were exhausted and the steam was being forced out as rapidly as possible.

A change is noticed for several minutes before the eruption ceases—sometimes for half an hour, during which the steam escapes in cloudlike masses and floats away to the sky.

It emerges from the crater with a roaring sound like the escape of steam from some vast escape-pipe, which it really is.

The noise equals the roaring of a thousand engines letting off steam at the same time.

The Castle is considered to be the most prominent safety valve of the geyser region, and all who once witness the escape of steam from its ponderous throat feel assured that but for it the danger of the whole basin being rent and torn by a universal upheaval would be much greater. After roaring and hissing for an hour and twenty minutes, during which the entire cone is submerged in the clouds of steam that rise from its summit, the noise gradually dies away and the eruption is ended for the day.

At the base of the Castle is a spring, about twenty feet across, that bubbles intermittently, and is generally at boiling heat. We cooked a shoulder of venison in it in four minutes.

The water is a beautiful blue color, and the wall of the spring, which is almost circular, is ornamented with a most regular and beautifully scalloped edge, the sides and bottom look like porcelain or polished white marble, This spring, which is but one of a numerous group, was found to be forty feet deep.

The water in them all is disturbed, rising and falling several feet, during the time that the Castle is in eruption.

The Giant has perhaps the most wonderful record of any of the geysers.

It is called "the king of the basin."Though it is not often seen at work, never more than once a week—when it does s:et started it rewards the beholder even if he has waited a week to see it.

The crater, rough, cone shaped, is twenty feet in diameter at its base, rising ten feet.

The throat is five feet across, and is exposed on one side by the breaking away of a part of the cone.

The tower-like appearance of this geyser at once attracts attention and distinguishes the Giant from all others.

When an eruption is to occur, for several hours before, the indicator or fumarole, situated near it, is boilingover and the water rises to the top of the crater in the geyser itself, where it bubbles and spurts as though it were getting up steam for a tremendous eruption.

In this the visitor is not likely to be disappointed, for if he waits he will see the column, five feet in diameter, shoot up a hundred and forty feet and there play for three hours, during which water enough to deluge the surrounding country, flows over the cone and down the geyserite platform to the river belowThe excitement produced by the wonderful sight of the Giant at play must be intense.

It is told of an enthusiastic tourist and author, Mr. Raymond, that seeing it commence he rushed headlong towards it and found himself waist deep in the Fire-hole river before he realized his dangerous position; hurrying out on the opposite bank he waved his hat and shouted until out of breath.

It is said that Prof. Hayden cannot compose himself while witnessing a geyser in eruption, but losing recollection of everything about him he rubs his hands, shouts and dances around the object of his admiration in a paroxyism of gleeful excitement.

The Grotto is the most singular piece of surface mechanism among all the geysers.

Its dome is about fifty feet long, half as wide and twenty feet high.

It is a miniature temple of alabaster whiteness, with arches leading to some mysterious interior, whose sacred places may never be profaned by eye or foot.

The hard calcareous formation about it is smooth and bright as a clean swept pavement.

Several columns, resembling masses of pearls, rise to a height of eight i or ten feet, supporting the roof that

A PRAYER.

covers the entire vent, forming- fantastic arches and entrances, ont of which the water is ejected, during an eruption forty or fifty feet.

The entire surface is composed of the most delicate beadwork imaginable, massive but elaborate and elegant.

In fact, it is so beautiful that even the desecrating hand of American relic hunters, whose reputation for vandalism is world wide, has hesitated here to destroy this delicate sculpturing of nature, and it stands without flaw or break in all its primal beauty—a grotto of pearls.

The construction of the Grotto is so peculiar, that, no doubt, lights—perhaps the electric light—will yet be placed within its chambers to illuminate the geyser in eruption.

It would then be incomparably magnificent. A visitor tells of the effect of fires built about it, as follows:

"Darkness coming on, we built laree fires on one side of the Grotto, and from the opposite side were afforded a sight whose wonderful wierdness we can never forget.

The volumes of water then resembled sheets of flame or molten metal, and the drenched dripping arches through which the flickering blaze was plainly seen seemed more like a fiery furnace than a real live geyser."De Vallibus.

A Long Ride.—Professor Young, of Princeton College, thus illustrates the distance from the earth to the sun:

"Take a railroad from the earth to the sun, with a train running forty miles an hour, without stops, and it would take about two hundred and sixty-five years and a little over to make the journey."He estimated the fare, at a cent a mile, to be nine hundred and thirty thousand dollars.

It would take over three million tons of coal to supply a locomotive the trip one way.

A. PRAYER.

I lear me, O God Dark the waves of doubt roll o'er me,

Blinding faith, o'erthrowing trust;

Though I sin, still, Father, hear me, Hear my cry who am but dust Thou who still'st the tempest wild,

Oh! have mercy on thy child;

Still my fears, control my will, Bid my passions "Peace, be still Hear me, my God Dark fears arise Though I wish to do Thy bidding, I yet linger by the way;

Others are the bright prize winning

Of the fair Celestial Day, Must my soul be darkened e'er Shall I win that sweet prize ne'er?

Teach, Oh! teach me, God, to pray;

Guide me safely on Thy way!

Help me be wise.

Hear, Father, hear!

Turn not away, Hear me this once, Hear while I pray!

Give me thine aid Through life to be True to Thy Kingdom, Faithful to Thee.

Let not the darkness Of doubt or fear E'er overcome me Hear, Father, hear!

Help, Father, help!

Thou who once gave Thine Only Begotten, Hear, help and save Thus simply sang a woman once, who, doubting, still did trust, And hope, and pray to our Father, who is merciful and just.

Was the lone one turned unanswered from the altar of her prayer?

Judge ye who oft have plead at that altar sweet and fair.

For though we may be weary of temptations and of strife, Though our spirits may be darkened to the things of future life, Though our hearts may sadly falter, even when we do our best, Ne'er forget that in yon Heaven He will give the righteous rest.

Ruby Lamont.

5° POL IT1CAL INS Tl TL 'TIONS.

POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

Following the thread of the simile, we pass from the generic to the specific conditions ofman, and discover that while the general conditions of the individual compare with those of the community in outline merely, the special hold a striking resemblance in almost every characteristic.

Let us draw the character of the individual in the three prominent outlines furnished by the physical, moral and intellectual differences.

These differences may operate singly or in junction.

Man may attain a high degree in one without even the slightest advance in the others.though the purpose of either necessarily involves a corresponding degree of advancement in the others.

He may possess intellectual qualifications which would fit him for great responsibility, while his moral would forever shut out the possibility of any.

In the most perfect man these differences grow less; but there are periods which, consider them separately, when importance attaches itself to the development of any one of them.

In childhood the physical culture precedes, and indeed, in the course of youthful progression, great pride is felt by the increase of energy.

No circumstances are more illustrative than those by which the young boy, from the age of twelve to eighteen, seeks for dominion over his mates.

Every one must have noticed the pugilistic spirit which the youth possess when they compare their strength and fighting capacity with those of their neighbors'children.

On the herd ground are grouped a dozen boys who maintain their standing in precise accordance with their pugilistic propensities.

Every crowd of boys recognize some one of their associates as champion, whose position is due to the fact of his superior force rather than any intellectual or moral attainments he may possess.

As years come on and maturity is reached, the struggle in intellectual pursuits arises and the degree of intelligence reached depends upon the mental exertions of that period.

True, it is hardly perceptible in some, but the intellectual has its greatest advantages in that period—the period covered between the ages of twenty and forty-five.

The time for reflection and consideration belongs to old age—the age when the moral attributes become prominent, and example supersedes precept.

When this order is perverted, and the moral does not have its characteristic age, we naturally expect that as a companion of the physical and intellectual it was entirely ignored.

Some writers consider the moral to be the culmination of the purposes of the intellectual and physical, or, as Amos expresses it:

"The moral is the highest attainment of either, and the combined purposes of both."We believe that that training, physical or intellectual, which does not contribute to the more perfect development of the moral nature to be radically wrong.

Not that intelligence terminates, or that the physical is of no further importance; but that the lines of demarcation become less distinct, and a harmonious whole substituted for that which is incoherent.

A period when any one will necessitate the union of the others.

If the comparison fits, and we are justified in applying the conditions of individual growth to the aggregate, then we must naturally expect to find the world marked by these differences.

We might expect to find in the ancient history of nations the characteristics of youth:

contentions and warfare.

When the student for the first time witnesses the rehearsal of the world's history, he is astonished by the great contrast which ancient and modern history presents.

Of the ancients there is one continuous struggle for dominion and power; and scarcely an interruption in the programme breaks the monotony.

We speak of the great nations of antiquity, and point out wherein they were distinguished in the force of arms.

The first event that awakens interest is a brilliant campaign, the first man that

POL IT1CAL INS TITV TIONS.

5i arouses our admiration is a great general, and the whole picture of the ancient world represents as the central painting the battles, the conquests, and the heroic deeds of their lives;

while the background furnishes here and there intellectual examples of a Herodotus, an Aristotle, or a Socrates.

Their morals belong to their infancy, when weakness and despondency inspire virtues which vanish as their strength insures independence.

So childlike are their conditions that their legends teem with the heroic deeds of superhuman beings.

Whatever intermittent characteristics they may have had, the physical was pre-eminent.

When deeds of war and acts of cruelty no longer stimulate the mind, and when that which was once attractive has become repulsive, a new field of struggle opens and the intellect strives for supremacy.

Nations prize their arts, boast of their schools, and delight in what science has done for the happiness of mankind.

The philosopher declares this the age of intellectual greatness, the citizen marvels at the change, the psychologist talks of the empire of the mind, while the historian records the facts which warrant the conclusions, and philanthropists lament the lack of proportionate virtues.

Now we reverse the grouping of the picture, and note that whatever intermittent wars and heroism may paint the background, the intellectual scenes stand to the front in bold relief.

As the moral condition of the world has never been the pre-eminent characteristic, it may be considered as the result of the progressive steps employed in the development of the human family.

And though science does not usually make predictions respecting the future outcome of the human race, its researches evidently furnish us the conclusion that there is to be a millennium.

We may reasonably conclude that as the ancients did not comprehend the factors to be employed in making the transit from the physical to the intellectual, so we are ignorant of the methods to be employed in producing a change from the intellectual to the moral.

While many are satisfied as to the certainty of the third stage in human progress, it is probable that no man is seer enough to comprehend all the workings of the laws of human advancement.

Science may trace many of the finger marks of God in the moulding of the events of mankind, it may formulate laws respecting the mind, it may suggest theories respecting the origin of these laws and declare that which is physical to be the mother of that which is spiritual;

but their silence is an acknowledgment of their ignorance respecting the future of social forces or a modification of the laws which belong to the future of our race.

Ever so comprehensive a view of the past throws but a dim light into the universal darkness of the future.

Governments, too, anciently, were established and graded in accordance with physical laws.

In turn Babylon, Persia, Greece and Rome acquired dominion by the sword, and their governments declined with their physical energy.

With them statesmanship meant generalship, and a prosperous government meant military supremacy.

To-day generalship is not inseparably linked with statesmanship.

The intellectual supercedes in reality, if not ostensibly, any other condition of the social differences.

The colleges make more statesmen than the battle ground, and intelligence is sought for more than virtue.

Everywhere the struggle for supremacy goes on; the tumult and uproar that occasionally fill men's souls and move the world in the passions of the age.

The conditions of prosperity stimulate the mind and misfortunes depress the spirits of men as they incite the world to action or fill it with gloom.

As man is subject to all the ills of flesh, it would not be compatible with his constitution if perfect health were given him.

Each disease teaches him a lesson, and each pain admonishes him to shun its source.

There are before him the perfect laws of nature, stern in their bearing, and positive in their operations, indicating the state of perfection, which law should ultimately obtain preserving a harmony which government aims to provide.

5 2 INTERNA T10NAL BA TTLE- GRO UNDS.

It is not compatible with the conditions of man that government should be in a perfect state of health.

Statesmen occupy the sphere of a national physician;

their business is to study national disease, and if possible, prepare a remedy.

While man is subject to disease, while his body struggles against the germs of death, while personal motives and self aggrandizement influence him, the government which he collectively makes, will grow the germs of disease and death, officials will employ their talents for selfish purposes, and in short, political institutions will reflect the image of the social fabric.

If one member of the human body is diseased, it infects the whole, and unless the source of the disease is averted, member after member succumbs to the disorder, the steward (the blood) carries the microscopic germs that administer poison; slow it may be to take effect, but certain in its evil results.

So the bodypolitic when any part of it is disordered, yields to corruption, and soon its branches indicate that the roots have decayed.

It is our duty first to trace, if possible, the natural growth of human society, and apply the forces as they successively operate to the development of political institutions.

Any emotions that arise in consequence of a prejudice that our present condition may excite should be carefully guarded.

Disgust, contempt, or indignation, is apt to sway the reason in dealing with facts pertaining to the primitive man, and they should be restrained as much as possible in dealing with the forces which control his circumstances.

If we treat him fairly, we will consider these forces in what they are destined to develop rather than what the events of his time make them appear.

An illustration from an individual character may serve to make plain the preceding statements.

What would you think of a man who would suffer himself to be prejudiced against a child because of childish, or as some might say silly notions.

Why does disgust, or contempt not arise when children display infantile habits.

On the contrary we are pleased with their simple manners and willingly endure almost any amount of bad temper.

The forces of the human mind are seen to be increasing.

If the child is dormant and its temper seldom or never aroused anxiety is at once awakened; a fear of idiocy flashes over the mind, for keen observation will not take place while the mind lies dormant.

The psychologist declares that the child's mind presents the most striking examples of mental progress.

He has learnt to regard infancy as the most important period of the mind because it furnishes him for his observation greater insight with the forces which operate in intellectual advancement.

Likewise the the sociologist delights in the study of primitive man and, as the psychologist with the child, he deals more with the imagination than with reason, expects physical rather than intellectual progress.

If we will remember that the ancients represent the infancy of the world we are prepared to understand what kind of government would operate best among them and how they would naturally build up political institutions.

/. M. Tanner.

INTERNATIONAL BATTLE-GROUNDS.

The sun was declining in the west when we reached the city of Detroit.

We are now on historic ground.

All around us are scattered the mementos of international strife.

If we walk into the square that surrounds the City Hall, we cannot fail to see the awkward looking cannon that were captured by Commodore

Perry at the battle of Lake Erie.

If we walk in the quiet shades of

Elmwood Cemetery, we cannot forget that the little stream which meanders through that quiet resting place of the dead is called Bloody Run, on account of a fierce battle that took place there seventy years ago.

Just west of the city

INTERNA 'FIONA L HA TTLE- GROl 'NDS.

is the spot where Pontiac and his warriors lay in ambush, ready to rush upon the little town and massacre the inhabitants.

But in the hour of impending doom, woman's love interposed to save the garrison from butchery.

An Indian girl of the Ojibwa nation revealed the dark plot to the commander of the post.

The 7th of May, 1763, was named as the day of destruction.

The remains of the old fort are still to be seen, though more than two hundred years have passed since it was erected.

Still a little further south is the battle-ground of Maguaga, 1813.

Across the river, on the Canadian side, nearly the whole vicinity is replete with historic associations.

The city of Detroit is indeed beautiful.

True, a few narrow streets near the center betoken the early French occupation, which dates back to 1670; before either Baltimore or Philadelphia were founded.

Ouite a number of French families reside here, some of them literal descendants of those early voyageurs who accompanied Marquette and Joliet in their discoveries and missionary enterprises, when first the boats of the pale faces sailed on the Great Lakes, the

St. Lawrence, and the Mississippi.

Several of the streets bear French names reminders of the early French colonists;

others English, and still others, names suggestive of revolutionary times.

Perhaps none of our western cities possess a more interesting history. Founded at an early date in the settlement of North America, it has passed through some strange vicissitudes.

The French, English and American flags have successively floated over the place.

For a century and a half it was the most important commercial and military post west of the Alleghany mountains.

For many years the town and fort were surrounded by a wooden wall or rampart to defend it from a sudden incursion of the Indians, but that has long ago disappeared.

So long as commerce depended upon water communication the commercial importance of Detroit continued, as it held the key to the vast region bordering on the northern lakes.

At the present time it numbers one hundred and twenty-five thousand inhabitants and is still growing.

Owing to the facilities afforded by water transportation, and the vast lumber regions of the north and west, manufactories of almost every description have been here established and are yearly extending.

Across the river is the Canadian city of Windsor. Although under different nationalities the two cities are closely connected in trade and manufacturing.

Many of the business men of Detroit reside in Windsor and find it advantageous to do so;

as many articles both of food and clothing can be purchased more cheaply in Canada than in the United States.

As a consequence the revenue officers of Uncle Sam do a thriving business.

As a class they are sharp-eyed, wide-awake business men, and, it is said, extremely loyal to the government, except when a five dollar bill or gold piece is forced into the palm of their hands.

At all events it is vastly amusing to see a long, lean, angular and astute Yankee, who looks as though he might be the typical Uncle Sam himself, cross over from Detroit to Windsor in the morning and return after a few hours.

When going over he would likely be thinly if not meanly clad; but in returning the most casual observer would notice that a great change had taken place.

In a few hours he has grown enormously and now returns a portly gentleman apparently of about two hundred and twenty pounds weight.

Also fragile and delicate ladies of the pure cod liver oil persuasion have been known to go over to Windsor and return the next day looking in some respects as plump as a buxom English matron with a decided tendency to embonpoint.

It is said that the law permits a person to wear all the clothing he or she may desire free of duty.

This may account for the vast amount of clothing some persons think necessary for them to put on while crossing the river from Windsor to Detroit.

For example a man may be frequently seen wearing at least four coats—two dress coats and two overcoats—on a warm

INTERNA TIONAL HA TTLE- GROUNDS.

summer day and sometimes a cloak or shawl also.

It may be that he considers that what keeps the cold. out will be beneficial to keep out the heat also.

A great deal has been said and written concerning fast railroad traveling and fine steamboating, but what kind of traveling shall we call it when a railway train actually gets on board a steamboat and goes sailing away at the rate of fifteen miles per hour.

Yet this is just what is done at Detroit every day in the year.

A line of steamers ply regularly between Detroit and Windsor, and carry at each trip a complete railway train, cars, passengers, baggage and all.

The transfer is made with such dexterity that frequently passengers are unaware that they have crossed a river over a mile wide and been removed from one country to another.

Even in winter, when the weather is very cold and the ice from eighteen to thirty inches thick, these powerful steamers plow their way through the frozen mass.

Our steamer, having unloaded some of the freight and taken on some also, was prepared to resume her voyage.

So we bade adieu to the City of the Straits, went on board, and two hours later we were pacing the deck as we floated past

Brownstown and Amherstburg.

This latter town was at one time one of the most important places in Canada.

Situated at the extreme southwest of the Ontario peninsula, it became the commercial centre for the western settlements of Ontario or Upper Canada, as it was then called.

It was settled about 1780, by emigrants from the United States.

These emigrants were so attached to the government of England that on the outbreak of the Revolution they abandoned their homes and took refuge in the wilds of the Canadian forest.

The town was named after Lord Amherst, one of the early governors of

Canada who fortified it as a military post and constructed lake fleets there.

Here was fitted out the fleet that sailed under the British Commodore Barclay and was afterward destroyed at the naval battle of Lake Erie by the American Commodore O. H. Perry.

As we are now approaching the spot where that famous battle was fought, it may not be out of place to describe a few of the surroundings.

Perhaps some of our readers may not be aware that not far from the western end of Lake

Erie, lies a cluster of beautiful islands;

the principal of which are called East Sister, West Sister, Middle Sister, Hen and Chickens, Bass Island, St. George Island, Kelley's Island, and Put-in-Bay Island.

It was near this last named island that the battle of Lake Erie took place.

Put-in-Bay is somewhat in the shape of a horse shoe, and contains an excellent harbor, which often serves as a refuge for storm-tossed vessels, hence the name.

At the entrance to the harbor is a little rocky island called Gibraltar.

On this Jay Cooke, the great banker, has built a summer residence and a neat little Methodist chapel, where occasional services are held during the summer season.

To this chapel Jay Cooke gave the dignified name of "The

Church of the Holy Trinity;"but the people, well knowing the source from which he derived his wealth, have nicknamed it "The Church of the Ho'.y FiveTwenties."

These islands are evidently of volcanic origin;

the rocky soil has been found excellent for grape culture, while the surrounding water gives a salubriousness to the climate and keeps oft"the frosts till late in the autumn.

When we arrived at the islands large numbers of peddlers came down to the shore with baskets filled with beautiful grapes,which they sold to the passengers.

Such a feast of delicious fruit we never had before or since.

Vineyards cOver the islands down to the water's edge, and summer residences speck the landscape in every direction.

Here the rich from almost every State in the Union come to enjoy the verdure, and flowers, and fruits of summer, on those, beautiful islands embosomed in the placid waters of Lake Erie.

September 10, 1813, the American fleet under Commodore Perry was anchored in Put-in-Bay.

A sentinel stationed on the little rocky islet of Gibraltar, sees the British fleet approach-

INTERNA TIONAL BA TTLE- GROUNDS.

ing and raises the cry of "Sail ho!"The cry rings from ship to ship through the American fleet, which had been waiting to catch sight of the British fleet commanded by Captain Barclay, who had fought under Lord Nelson at Trafalgar.

Commodore Perry had nine vessels, the Lazvrence and Niagara with twenty cannons each; the rest all small vessels carrying oneor two cannons each.

Captain Barclay had six vessels—the Detroit, twenty-one cannons;

Queen Charlotte, eighteen; Lady Prevost, thirteen;

Hunter, ten; and the others, one cannon each.

Perry had in all, fifty-four cannon;

Barclay, sixty-eight.

Perry commanded the American flag ship Lawrence, at the mast head of which floated the inscription, "Don't give up the ship."

Perry's instructions were for the Lawrence to engage the Detroit, Barclay's flag ship;

the Niagara to engage the Queen Charlotte, the Ariel to engage the Lady Prevost, the Scorpion, the Hunter, and so on down the line.

It is half-past eleven.

Give the men their dinner is the signal from the Lawrence.

Perry knows if the men go into battle with full stomachs they will ram home the balls with increased vigor.

Captain Barclay is confident of success.

He has sailed down from Amherstburg to destroy the American fleet;

then it is planned for the British General Proctor to cross Detroit River, attack General Harrison, and annihilate him.

Twelve o'clock, the band on board the Detroit strikes up "Rule Britannia,"and a shot from a twenty-four pounder skims over the water toward the Lawrence; but the distance is a mile and a half, and it falls short.

Five minutes later, a second shot crashes through the side of the Lazvrence.

The men at the guns are eager to give a return shot.

"Steady, boys, steady,"says the self-possessed Perry, who, though only twenty-nine years of age, is destined ere the sun goes down to boldly write his name on the scroll of fame.

At fifteen minutes past twelve, the Lazvrence, fastest of the American vessels, is far in advance of all the others.

She is alone, and the shots from the British fleet go through her sides, dismounting cannon and killing and wounding sailors.

Lieutenant Varnell comes to Perry and says:

"All the officers in my division are cut down, Can I have any more?"The blood is streaming from a wound caused by a splinter which had passed through his nose.

"I have none to send,"is the sad but laconic reply.

Lieutenant Yarnell goes to the forward deck, and the next moment his scalp is torn by a splinter; but he wipes away the blood and sights his gun once more.

A huge shot crashes through the pantry, breaking the dishes and making a great rent in the nearly sinking vessel.

It is half-past two.

For two hours and a half the British cannon have been pouring their shot into the Lazvrence.

The battle seems lost.

In a few minutes there will not be a man left.

The Lawrence is a helpless wreck.

What shall the commander do?

It is a supreme moment in the life of Oliver Hazzard Perry.

True his decks are running with blood, his best ship is a wreck, yet he is determined to win the victory.

Half a mile in the rear is the Niagara, with as many guns as the Lawrence had at the beginning.

Scarcely a shot has struck her.

The other vessels are but little injured.

Perry decides to go on board the

Niagara and begin the battle anew. He has worn a plain blue jacket, but now he pulls it off and puts on his uniform. The boat is lowered.

Perry, accompanied by his little brother, steps into it.

He stands erect, holding aloft the flag of the Lazvrence.

The oars dip and away they speed toward the Niagara.

Barclay sees and comprehends it all.

His own ship, the Detroit, is almost a wreck from the pounding given to it by the Lazvrence.

He knows that if Perry gains the deck of the Niagara, the battle will rage more furiously than ever.

"Fire upon the boat,"cries Barclay, and the shots plough the water all around her. but no one is hurt.

The American sailors rend the air with cheers, as they see their brave commander passing through the storm.

A few moments later, his flag is floating from the mast head of the Niagara.

"Double shot the

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

guns.

Close action,"is the meaning of the signals which Perry flings out.

If any one thinks the battle is nearly over, he is mistaken.

So far as Perry is concerned, it is only about to begin.

A breeze is freshening from the southwest.

All the British vessels are north of the Niagara.

Perry determines to break through Barclay's line.

How the spirit of that one brave heart, on the quarterdeck of the Niagara, goes out over the waters of Lake Erie, even to the farthest gunboat and to every sailor of the fleet.

Conquer or go to the bottom, is the universal feeling.

The sails are squared to the breeze and the vessels surge nearer to the enemy.

The Niagara breaks through the line, having the Lady Prevost on the right side and Chippewa on the left.

The double shotted guns sweep their decks from stem to stern.

As she passes the Detroit, she pours a broadside into her, dismounting cannon and making terrible havoc.

Sweeping around to the right she pours a broadside into the Queen Charlotte and another into the Detroit, which is now nearly disabled.

Up on the other side comes the Caledonia, her sides ablaze.

All the vessels are now engaged except the Lawrence, which has been abandoned.

Eight minutes past three.

Down comes Barclay's flag, and then one after another the flag of every British vessel.

The thunder of the cannon ceases, and Perry, standing on the deck of the Niagara, writes upon the back of an old letter the following dispatch to General Harrison: "We have met the enemy and they are ours.

Two ships, two brigs, one schooner and one sloop."For the first time an American fleet was victorious.

The news electrified the country.

Such was the famous battle of Lake Erie.

/. H.

Ward.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

PLURALITY OF WIVES* I have a few words to say concerning one item of doctrine, that

I seldom think of mentioning before a public congregation;

I refer to the doctrine pertaining to raising up a royal

Priesthood to the name of Israel's God, for which purpose the revelation was given to Joseph, concerning the right of faithful Elders, in taking to themselves more than one wife.

I frequently hear from others that this doctrine is laughed at and ridiculed;

I heard yesterday of its being laughed out of doors, even jeered and sneered out of a Bishop's house.

I am not personally cognizant of any one jeering at and deriding this doctrine;

still, I hear that there are some few who are opposed to it. Once in a while sentiments reach my ears which sound very curious and strange, and when I hear them, I do really wish that some were possessed of better sense;

I will, By Prest. B. Young, Provo, July 14, 1855, therefore, tell you a few things that you should know.

God never introduced the Patriarchal order of marriage with a view to please man in his carnal desires, nor to punish females for anything which they had done; but He introduced it for the express purpose of raising up to His name a royal Priesthood, a peculiar people.

Do we not see the benefit of it?

Yes, we have lived long enough to realize its advantages.

Suppose that I had had the privilege of having only one wife, I should have had only three sons, for those are all that my first wife bore, whereas, I now have buried five sons, and have thirteen living.

It is obvious that I could not have been blessed with such a family, if

I had been restricted to one wife, but, by the introduction of this law,

I can be the instrument in preparing tabernacles for those spirits which have to come in this dispensation.

Under this law, I and my brethren are preparing tabernacles for those spirits which have been preserved to enter into bodies of honor,

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

and be taught the pure principles of life and salvation, and those tabernacles will grow up and become mighty in the

Kingdom of our God.

I believe that our children will become mighty in faith, be powerful in defending the truth, and will soon have to take important places in the great work of this dispensation.

They may be rude at present, yet, you will find within them the true principles of "Mormonism,"and, when our sons become men, they will be men of God, and be useful in accomplishing a good work upon the earth.

The spirits which are reserved have to be born into the world, and the

Lord will prepare some way for them to have tabernacles.

Spirits must be born, even if they have to come to brothels for their fleshly coverings, and many of them will take the lowest and meanest spirit house that there is in the world, rather than do without, and will say, "Let me have a tabernacle, that I may have a chance to be perfected."The Lord has instituted this plan for a holy purpose, and not with a design to afflict or distress the people; hence, an important and imperative duty is placed upon all holy men and women, and the re"- ward will follow, for it is said that the children will add to our honor and glory.

It hurts my feelings when I see good men, men who love correct principles and cling to the counsels of the Church, who have lived near to God for years and have always been faithful, with not a child to bear up their names to future generations, and I grieve to reflect that their names must go into the grave with them.

It would please me to see good men and women have families;

I would like to have righteous men take more wives and raise up holy children. Some say, "I would do so, but Brother Joseph and Brother Brigham have never told me to do it."This law was never given of the Lord for any but His faithful children;

it is not for the ungodly at all;

no man has a right to a wife, or wives, unless he honors his Priesthood and magnifies his calling before God.

I foresaw, when Joseph first made known this doctrine, that it would be a trial, and a source of great care and anxiety to the brethren, and what of that?

We are to gird up our loins and fulfil this, just as we would any other duty.

It has been strenuously urged by many, that this doctrine was introduced through lust, but that is a gross misrepresentation.

This revelation, which God gave to Joseph, was for the express purpose of providing a channel for the organization of tabernacles, for those spirits to occupy who have been reserved to come forth in the Kingdom of God, and that they might not be obliged to take tabernacles out of the Kingdom of

God.

We are commanded to overcome all our lustful desires, also our pride, selfishness, and every evil propensity that pertains to the flesh, to keep the commandments of God, and all the commandments pertaining to the Holy Priesthood.

It is important that we get a victory over our earthly passions, and learn to live by the law of God.

I am aware that care and other duties are greatly increased by the law which I am remarking upon;

this I know by experience, yet, though it adds to our care and labor, we should say, "Not my will, but thine, O Lord, be done."As far as my acquaintance extends, the brethren who have entered into this order, with a pure heart, have enjoyed full as much worldly prosperity as they did before the Prophet Joseph revealed this holy law and order to the Latter-day Saints.

The Lord intended that our family cares should be greater; He knew they would be, yet He is able to bless us in proportion.

I know quite a number of men in this Church who will not take any more wives, because they do not wish to take care of them;

a contracted spirit causes that feeling.

I have also known some in my past life who have said that they did not desire to have their wives bear any children, and some even take measures to prevent it; there are a few such persons in this Church.

When I see a man in this Church with those feelings, and hear him say, "I do not wish to enlarge my family, because it will bring care upon me,"I conclude that he has more or less of the old sec-

5« SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

tarian leaven about him, and that he does not understand the glory of the celestial kingdom.

Says one, "How will you explain this to me?"We understand that we are to be made Kings and Priests unto God;

now, if I be made the king and lawgiver to my family, and if I have many sons, I shall become the father of many fathers, for they will have sons, and their sons will have sons, and so on, from generation to generation, and, in this way, I may become the father of many fathers, or the king of many kings.

This will constitute every man a prince, king, lord, or whatever the Father sees tit to confer upon us.

In this way we can become king of kings, and lord of lords, or father of fathers, or prince of princes, and this is the only course, for another man is not going to raise up a kingdom for you.

If I did not feel disposed, in my poverty, to enlarge my family and to build up the kingdom, I could not be acquainted with the difficulties thereof, neither should I be counted worthy to enjoy the blessings conferred upon those who are faithful.

This should be the view taken of this matter, by the whole of this people, and, when a man or woman sees that this principle should be introduced among the Latter-day Saints, they should cease their murmurings.

It is not through lust that men and women are to practice this doctrine, but it is to be observed upon righteous principles; and, if men and women would pay attention to those instructions, I would promise, in the name of the Lord, that you would never find them lustful in their dispositions, and you might watch them as closely as you pleased.

Plurality of wives is not designed to afflict you nor me, but is purposed for our exaltation in the kingdoms of God.

If any man had asked me what was my choice when Joseph revealed that doctrine, provided that it would not diminish my glory, I would have said, "Let me have but one wife;"not because it is not a great comfort to me to have children, but if I have not children I know them not.

Some of these my brethren know what my feelings were at the time Joseph revealed the doctrine;

I was not desirous of shrinking from any duty, nor of failing in the least to do as I was commanded, but it was the first time in my life that I had desired the grave, and I could hardly get over it for a long time.

And when I saw a funeral, I felt to envy the corpse its situation, and to regret that I was not in the coffin, knowing the toil and labor that my body would have to undergo; and I have had to examine myself, from that day to this, and watch my faith, and carefully meditate, lest I should be found desiring the grave more than I ought to do.

You will probably wonder at this, and that such should have been my feelings upon this point, but they were even so.

Now, if any of you will deny the plurality of wives, and continue to do so, I promise that you will be damned; and will go still further and say, take this revelation, or any other revelation that the Lord has given, and deny it in your feelings, and I promise that you will be damned.

But the Saints who live their religion will be exalted, for they never will deny any revelation which the Lord has given or may give, though, when there is a doctrine coming to them which they cannot comprehend fully, they may be found saying, "The Lord sendeth this unto me, and I pray that He will save and preserve me from denying anything which proceedeth from Him, and give me patience to wait until

I can understand it for myself."Such persons will never deny, but will allow those subjects which they do not understand to remain until the visions of their minds become open.

This is the course which I have invariably pursued, and if anything came that 1 could not understand, I would pray until I could comprehend it.

Do not reject anything because it is new or strange, and do not sneer nor jeer at what comes from the Lord, for if we do, we endanger our salvation.

It is given to us, as agents, to choose or refuse, as Brother S. W. Richards has set before you, but we are agents within

THE DRUIDS OF A.XCIF.NT

IIRITA IS limits;

if it wei e not SO tliere would be no law.

There are limits to agency, and t<> all things and to all beings, and our agency must not infringe upon that law.

A man must choose life or death, and if he chooses death he will find himself abridged, and that the agency which is given to him is so bound up that he cannot exercise it in opposition to the law, without laying himself liable to be corrected and punished by the Almighty.

A man can dispose of his agency or of his birthright, as did Esau of old, but when disposed of he cannot again obtain it; consequently, it behoves us to be careful, and not forfeit the agency that is given to us.

The difference between the righteous and the sinner, eternal life or death, happiness or misery, is this:

to those who are exalted there are no bounds or limits to their privileges, their blessings have a continuation, and to their kingdoms, thrones and dominions, principalities.Hid | towers, there is mi end, but they increase through all eternity; whereas, those who reject the offer, who despise the proffered mercies of the Lord, and prepare themselves to be banished from His presence, and to become companions of the devils, have their agency abridged immediately, and bounds and limits are put to their operations.

The power of the devil is limited;

the power of God is unlimited;

therefore let us be cautious how we use our liberty and agency, and be careful to choose that which is good and right before the Lord, and then our exaltation is sure.

Give me a heart to resolve, a head to contrive, and a hand to execute.—Gibbon.

THE DRUIDS OF ANCIENT BRITAIN.

The religion of the ancient, inhabitants of Britain was Druidism.

Their priests were called Druids, which name seems to have been derived from the old Celtic compound De-rouyd—De, God, and rouyd, speaking, from rouyd- d/'i/i, to speak.

Secrecy was one of the most solemn features of Druidism.

There is no account of the origin of this most singular religion.

Nothing was written, by the Druids themselves, of their doctrines or history.

Consequently, in the utter absence of any record of their own, all that we can learn of them is from Greek and Roman writers.

The earliest account of these peculiar religionists dates back to the first century before Christ, when they inhabited both Gaul and Britain, including Wales and Ireland.

Julius Gesar, who first conquered Britain, was the most noted ancient writer on this subject; while Godfrey Higgins, who made a very elaborate investigation of the faith of the Druids from such sources as were open to him, is the most celebrated modern writer who has handled their doctrines intelligently.

It is claimed that they worshiped one Supreme Being.

They believed in the immortality of the soul, and in a future state of rewards and punishments. They used circular temples, open at the top, and reverenced fire as the emblem of the sun.

They celebrated what was called the "Tauric festival,"when the sun entered Taurus.

Their teachings were always oral.

They paid certain adoration to a variety of inferior deities such as Hesus, Tarann,

Belen, etc.

They sacrificed human beings on the same altar with animals, and also, at times, it is said, burned them alive in wicker baskets.

Notwithstanding their own questionable peculiarities, the Druids were an ancient class of "reformers."They professed "to reform morals, to secure peace, and to encourage goodness."In this they resemble "reformers"of more modern date, who are ever ready to "reform"other people, while they persist in some singular practices, and adhere to vain traditions, themselves.

We find that the Druids instructed their followers on the forms and move-

6o THE DRUIDS OF ANCIENT BRITAIN.

ments of the heavenly bodies, and also of the extent of the earth.

So that astronomy and geography must have been somewhat understood by them, although many errors probably existed in their crude understanding of these matters.

They conveyed their instructions by means of orally reciting verses, which, it is claimed, took a convert twenty years to learn, as he was unaided by any written or printed version, such as moderns have, to study at home.

Fancy having to learn by rote even a chapter from the Bible, or Book of Mormon, or even a hymn, by simply hearing it recited!

And then imagine the difficulty of learning a whole book of doctrine in this manner!

As we are not posted on all the doctrines of Druidism, we are unable to assert whether they were reasonable or otherwise, but as they were evidently given in rhyme, perhaps we may conclude that the Druidical recitations possessed at least one of the virtues which constitute good verses:

that is, "rhyme or reason;"and while we are comparatively sure of the one, we can perhaps dispense with the other.

At least, recognizing the fact that some modern religions are not conspicuous for either of these virtues, we can afford to exercise a little charity for one whose influence was exerted, perhaps when it was better than no religion at all, and which was cut off by the powerful hand of the Romans soon after their invasion into Britain.

One peculiarity of the Druidical faith was a reverence for the mistletoe, which twined around the sacred oaks of the English forests.

It was considered to be a cure for all diseases, and antidote for all poisons.

When this "valuable vine,"or rather "parasitical plant,"was discovered clinging to its sturdy protector, crowds of the Druids would gather around the tree; and a banquet having been prepared with a sacrifice of two white heifers, one of the priests, clad in white vestments, would cut off the twig with a golden sickle.

Two other priests in white apparel caught it in a white cloak; and after the sacrifice was offered, the remainder of the day was spent in rejoicing.

They had certain reverential feelings for other plants, such as marshwort, hedge hyssop and vervain, which were regarded as having virtues to counteract evil, as well as to heal diseases.

These were carried about as charms, as were also serpent's eggs, or what they claimed to be such.

In some instances warriors would carry amber beads, much as a superstitious man will carry potatoes in his pocket for the rheumatism.

These beads were manufactured by the

Druids, and supposed to possess great protective virtues.

Having left us no history, or exposition of their faith, we are ignorant of the hidden mysteries believed and the profound ceremonies performed by the followers of this ancient religion.

All we know is that they were performed in great secrecy, in the depths of the old forests, in secluded caves, and in stone temples, relics of which are still in existence in parts of France and Britain; the principal one in Britain being Stonehenge in Wiltshire.

We find, however, that the Druids were organized into a hierarchy consisting of a triad, which seemed to be a type of everything among them.

This triad consisted of the Bards or poets, the Yates or prophets, and the Priests proper. The poets had to compose verses, and seemed to be the musical men of the community.

• The prophets were charged with divining the future, and attending to the sacrifices and other external ceremonies.

They also stood as mediators between the people and the more mysterious order of priests, such as dwelt in the forests, and who were the oracles of the faith, and supposed to be acquainted with the secret will of Divinity.

Whether the Trinity in heaven was the original type from which they imbibed their ideas, we do not know;

but it is not unlikely that their traditions in this regard were founded on truths revealed to man in an early day.

The chief priests of Druidism were the teachers of the youth, and maintained nearly all control of the males till they were able to bear arms.

They were also endowed with judicial functions; and all men had to submit to their decis-

NATIVE TRIBES OF THE FAR NORTH.

ions, or become outcasts and outlaws, which was the inevitable result of excommunication from the faith.

An arch-Druid, whose authority was supreme and irrevocable, presided over the community of Druids, and was elected by the votes of the whole body.

Sometimes factions would arise over the election, and the rivalry would be so intense that severe conflicts would ensue, in which arms were resorted to.

The absolute and arbitrary power held by this presiding officer, rendered it very important that he should be wisely selected, and it is not to be wondered at, if, in the absence of revelation, there should be difficulty arise in making the choice.

How different in our day among the people of God No uncertainty existing, no difficulties can arise, and all moves harmoniously along!

How thankful the Saints should be for the revelation of the Gospel!

What finally became of the Druids will be shown in a future article.

Chas. W. Stayncr.

Let your recreations be manful, not sinful.—Washington.

NATIVE TRIBES OF THE FAR NORTH.

The batter-day Saints have been taught by revelation to obtain knowledge of governments, of kingdoms and of peoples; and not only are they interested in the customs and the institutions, the history and the origin of the more refined and civilized nations, but the wild and uncultivated, alike, attract their attention and sympathy. Especially is this the case with reference to the aborigines of America, the red men of the forest.

Nor is this wonderful when one considers the amount of revealed knowledge which they possess in relation to the origin and the destiny of those scattered remnants of mighty nations.

A certain and comprehensive knowledge of the enlightenment and advanced civilization which characterized the heaven-favored ancestors of this people, and a warm appreciation of the mighty work to be performed among them in the present generation, must render the American Indian a fit subject for study and information.

Concerning his people, especially the more enlightened and civilized tribes, all whom the Lord has chosen as instruments to consummate His purposes among the nations, are interested.

I need make no apology, therefore, in yielding to the entreaty of friends to offer the Contributor a brief description of some of the native tribes of the far north.

The several nations of whom I shali have occasion to speak, as well as many others, are located in the northern regions of North America, within the territory held by the Hudson Bay Company.

I shall be indebted for much of my information to Mr. John Rae, M.

D., V. R. S., an English gentleman who has both traveled extensively and resided among the Indians.

The Woodcress or Swampeys are a strong and active tribe;

in height they are about as tall as the average Englishman, perhaps a little taller, with a large capacity of chest and a round and athletic form.

These Indians are so trustworthy that they are often sent long voyages with valuable cargoes of goods or furs, without the presence or oversight of white men'; and they deliver their charge at its destination, usually in a better condition than those sent under the management of the company's regular English servants.

They are very capable voyagers both in boat and canoes, expert hunters and snowshoe walkers, and are able to transport heavy loads on their sledges over the portages of that country.

The women, if they cannot be called pretty, are certainly quite attractive.

They have a very pleasant expression of countenance, a soft and agreeable voice and pleasing manner.

They are seldom treated harshly by their husbands, but when moving, they have quite heavy loads to draw, having to haul the greater part of

NATIVE TRIBES OF THE FAR NORTH.

the baggage of the family on sledges, while the man goes ahead hunting.

When the Indians possess sufficient means, their tents are made of reindeer skins;

when too poor to afford these, they make a good shelter of birch bark, peeled thinly in strips about eighteen inches in width, which they fix neatly around their tent poles.

The hunting grounds of the different tribes are almost as well defined as the estate of an English nobleman, and if an Indian was to destroy a beaver house, or kill a beaver on a neighbor's lands, he would be considered guilty of a most disreputable piece of pillaging.

The usual manner of goose and duck hunting among this people is as follows:

The Indian first collects a large bundle of willows and grass, and proceeds to the feeding grounds of his feathered game.

Here he sits down a short time to watch the direction of the flying birds, which, in windy weather and at times of the tide, are very restless. Having selected a favorable spot, usually near a pool of water, he makes an enclosure of willows, large enough to sit comfortably inside of.

This, which he calls his stand, he makes less conspicuous by a covering of the grass he has brought in his bundle.

At the edge of the pond he places a decoy goose composed of a pile of mud, somewhat after the form and size of the large black goose common in those regions, and feathers stuck in the top to resemble the neck and head.

Having loaded his guns, he keeps a sharp lookout for game, which, when he sees, he completes his decoy by imitating their call in a very perfect manner.

The attention of the birds is attracted, and on getting sight of the alluring stand and imitation bird', they generally whirl round and come up leeward over or near the crouching Indian, who usually secures one or more with each shot.

When there are but two geese, a male and a female, he invariably shoots at the female first.

If he succeeds in killing her, he is pretty sure to get the gander also, as his affection for his mate is almost sure to bring him a second time within range.

In autumn the fowl appear in large numbers on their way southward, to warmer climes.

It is then almost painful to witness the efforts of the parent to induce her brood of young geese to avoid the fatal direction of the imitation call of the Indian, who crouches patiently even when the young ones are quite near him, until the mother comes within shot.

When he shoots her, he is pretty certain to get the whole brood, as they will not leave the place where their guide and guardian fell.

Now, the male bird generally keeps out of reach, possibly having had some bitter experience of the danger, and his affection not being equal to that shown in the spring.

Soon after the time the wild fowl have taken their flight northward in the spring, and the rivers are open enough for navigation, the Indians are then engaged to form crews to boats going up the river with fur goods and provisions to the inland posts.

For this they receive much larger wages than are obtained in England, with abundant rations.

Besides this there are many other services to which the Indian is put during the summer season.

As the cold season approaches, the Indian commences to make for winter quarters.

First, however, he proceeds to the fort and completes his hunting supplies.

These he obtains whether he can pay for them or not.

Often he is trusted till the next spring, or till he can send in furs, feathers, etc., from his hunting grounds.

The supplies consist of cloth for a suit of clothes, a blanket for each member of the family, flannels for shirts, axes, ice chisels, kettles, ammunition, twine for rabbit snaring and for nets, fish hooks, matches, pipes and tobacco, and possibly a small supply of tea and sugar and a bottle of medicine.

Returned to their hunting grounds, they generally locate themselves on the shores of a lake well supplied with fish, if this position is at the same time consistent with a good supply of fur-bearing animals, or, what is better, a plentiful supply^of rabbits.

When the rabbits disappear the Indian has to spend much time in fishing or in hunting deer or

NATIVE TRIBES OF THE FAR NORTH.

other large animals for food; while the fur-bearing animals have also to scatter over the country for the same reason.

They are then more difficult to trap.

This has a good effect, however, as the martins and others of the finer furred animals have a chance to increase in number after being perhaps too much reduced during the rabbit season.

As a rule the Indian shows as much judgment in killing beaver on his own lands as the farmer does in weeding his stock.

This he accomplishes by netting them in such a manner as to be able to liberate all that he may not wish to kill.

Black bears are often shot, often netted in a peculiar manner and frequently they are killed, when in their winter dormatories. When in this state, bruin may easily be approached and knocked on the head.

The Crees, and in fact all the natives with whom Mr. Rae became acquainted, treat with much ceremony the body of the bear they have killed.

He is placed in a sitting posture against a tree, when they make long speeches of apology and regret for having been under the disagreeable necessity of killing him.

After the bear is killed, a piece of stick is placed between his jaws, as they suppose that he may come to life again after being disemboweled.

The reason they ascribe for this precaution is that a dead bear once came to life again and took a mouthful out of one of the Indians who were carrying him.

When in service the Crees are very obedient and faithful.

Mr.

Rae, in one of his expeditions, had two of them as hunters and boatmen, and he states that he could not wish for better or more willing servants.

One of them was the best canoe man he ever saw.

The following is an instance, related by Mr.

Rae, of his wonderful powers of enduring cold:

"He was with me one winter in the barren lands northeast of Bear

Lake, deer hunting.

One evening he had not returned to camp.

I felt anxious about him as it was at least fifty degrees below zero or eighty-two degrees of frost, and he had with him neither blanket nor axe with which to chop wood.

The night passed, and the greater part of the following day, when, at last, our hunter came in late in the evening with half a deer on his back.

His story was, that having wounded a deer, he had to run a long way before being able to shoot it.

He was both hungry and thirsty.

The former he relieved by eating the marrow from the leg bones of the deer he had killed.

The latter he quenched by holding a lump of snow before a small fire which he was enabled to kindle by breaking a few branches off a small pine tree and catching the water as it trickled down into a piece of deer skin converted into a cup.

The Indian was no worse for his very long walk."When in full uniform and mounted on their little horses, the Crees form a fine subject for the artist.

Dogribs, another tribe, have bright, sparkling eyes, and are pleasant and lively.

They are considerably addicted to exaggeration, however, and are said to be given to panics on the shortest notice and for the slightest cause. Some unpleasant dream or the print of a strangely made snow shoe will drive them from their hunting grounds to the fort in great alarm, with remarks and stories of the most wonderful kind.

As husbands, the natives are very kind and indulgent.

A reason for this, perhaps, is in the fact that they often decide the right to a wife by a wrestling match.

The lady sits by, during the contest, apparently a careless spectator, indifferent of the result of the struggle. The match ended, there is no other ceremony than that the victor, whether her former husband or not, takes his wife.

Mr. Rae asserts that he never heard one of the children of these people cry; "certainly never squabble as more civilized babies are in the habit of doing."Nor are they chastised, for they consider it a very unnatural and cruel thing for a parent to flog her child.

To send an arrow through a buffalo is considered not a very wonderful thing by the hunters of these tribes.

This is done only to show dexterity, as it is preferred to lodge the arrow in the animal.

Many of the superstitions of these people are most injurious to themselves.

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

For instance, they will never tame a deer, as they think that doing so would bring death and misfortune.

But for this wierd presumption, they might train the reindeer as the Laps do, the barren lands of arctic America being quite as good feeding grounds as the shores of Lapland and Siberia.

F. E. Barker.

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

The last of the Irish Parliaments met on the fifteenth of January, 1800, and passed the "Union Bill,"the outlines of which were as follows:

i.—The kingdom to be united and the succession to remain as fixed by the existing laws.

2.—The United Kingdom to be represented in one Parliament.

The British part to be unchanged.

The Irish portion to consist, in the lower house, of one hundred commoners, and in the upper of four lords spiritual, taken in rotation, and twenty-eight temporal, to be elected for life by the Peers of Ireland.

3.—Irish Peers to be eligible for election in a constituency in Great Britain.

4.—All members of the United Parliament to take the oaths which excluded Roman Catholics.

5.—The continuance of the Irish Church establishment to be a fundamental article of the Union.

6.—Subjects of Great Britain and

Ireland to be on the same commercial footing.

7.—The charges for the national debt of the two countries to be separate accounts.

The contribution Of Ireland towards the general expenditure to be two-fifths of the whole for the first twenty years, when fresh arrangements should be made.

Monies raised after the union to be a joint debt.

S.—The courts, of justice to be untouched.

A final appeal to the House of Lords of the united kingdom.

The turbulency of the times brought forth all the animation that existed in the "United Irishmen"and other societies, and the debate on the bill called forth all the eloquence that desperation could muster, and the immortal accents of Grattan "against the unholy pact"are worthy of record here, as well for literary worth as for courage and nobleness.

In his reply to Mr.

Corry, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, he said:

"The right honorable gentleman has called me an unimpeached traitor.

I ask why not traitor, unqualified by any epithet?

I will tell him.

It was because he dare not.

It was the act of a coward who has raised his arm to strike and has not the courage to give the blow.

will not call him villain, because it would be unparliamentary, and he is a privy councillor.

I will not call him fool, because he happens to be chancellor of the exchequer.

But I say he is one who has abused the privilege of Parliament and freedom of debate to the uttering language which, if spoken out of the house, I should answer only with a blow.

He has charged me with being connected with the rebels.

The charge is utterly, totally and meanly false.

Does the right honorable gentleman rely on the report of the House of Lords for the foundation of his assertion?

If he does, I can prove to the committee that there was a physical impossibility of that report being true.

But I scorn to answer any man for my conduct.

Here I stand, ready for impeachment or trial.

I dare accusation.

I defy the honorable gentleman.

I defy the government.

I defy the whole phalanx.

Let them come forth.

I tell the ministers I will neither give them quarter nor take it."As a matter of course a challenge from Corry followed, and the next morning saw them in Phcenix Park, the result of the meeting being a shot in Corry's arm from Grattan's pistol, which ended the conflict.

The hard fought battle of words continued, but the "patriots"gradually and perceptibly lost

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

ground, and a majority was obtained in favor of the bill, which was passed, and on August 1, 1800, received the royal assent.

(40 Geo. in, c. 38.) Thus was the birthright of the Irish nation sold by a Parliament composed largely of Irishmen, although one hundred members of the lower house were found who could not be bought, bullied or cajoled.

The history of Ireland from that time became a part of the history of Great Britain and Ireland.

Many peculiar traits of character are manifest in the Irish people, but none more so than impulse.

They are impulsive in everything, and jump at conclusions.

With a true Irishman, to think is to say or act, and hence their instability and inability to cope with the government. The writer saw this demonstrated in 1870.

The Fenian General Starr had collected about three hundred patriots at Malone, in the county New York, and with drums beating, and banners flying, they commenced their march to conquer

Canada.

Dressed in their gaudy regimentals, composed of green jackets and trousers trimmed with yellow braid and brass buttons bearing the letters

I. R. A.

(Irish Republican Army), and armed with old United States Springfield rifles, they would have looked formidable enough, but for the fact that the major part of them were more at home with a hod than with a rifle, and no doubt they could have made quite a scare if they had been less communicative, and kept their secret;

but like the "ass in the lion's skin,"they brayed, and that spoiled all. The British troops stationed at Quebec and Montreal, together with the Canadian militia—who were posted as to their intentions—left about the same time for the "bloody field."On the arrival of the Fenians at the front, they camped on American soil, and commenced counting the trophies they were to gain on the morrow, and distributing the anticipated laurels to the successful competitors, unconscious of the fact that a number of their camp followers were

British officers, Canadian detectives, and scouts from the enemies'camp, which was stationed at Huntington, about twelve miles from the Canadian border—who were in communication with the British camp, through a line of videttes stationed at convenient intervals.

Early on the following morning the- camp of the unsuspecting Irish was struck, and they marched into Canada. The first point of attack was "Holbrook's corner,"a small crossroads store, where they captured all the whisky and tobacco they could find.

No lives lost.

They next attacked a lone farmhouse, demanding from the proprietors all the buttermilk they could muster, which was soon made legitimate spoil.

No lives lost.

They then halted to consider their future course, and taste the whisky and tobacco;

and during this momentary suspension of hostilities, an event occurred which they little dreamed of, and which filled them with alarm.

About three thousand "red coats"appeared on the scene under command of Colonel Bagot, of H. M. Sixty-ninth Regiment.

A line of skirmishers was at once thrown out by the British, who, little daunted, marched steadily on, filling the three hundred with dismay, for they had truly reckoned without their host.

The invaders were nonplussed;

still on with steady tread came the enemy—no time was to be lost—with that characteristic impulse the word fire was given, and with the redcoats nearly eight hundred yards away, they kept up a harmless fire, with their rifles sighted for one hundred yards, and after a few minutes fusilade, and not seeing the English fall in heaps, they commenced a hasty retreat, which was better facilitated by throwing away arms, ammunition and surplus clothing, even divesting themselves of all but their trousers and shirts, that they might run the faster.

After they had reached the lines and safely crossed the border, they found refuge in a small church, where they mourned the loss of glory and clothes.

No lives lost. One poor fellow who possessed more adipose tissue than brains or bravery, was captured, having fallen down, and being unable to get up, hebecame an easy prey to the bloodthirstyBritish.

Being interrogated, he stated

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

he was an Irishman, and was fighting for the freedom of his country, but begged to be let go, promising never again to be caught in the same predicament.

He was delivered over to the civil authorities, and I believe received twenty years in the prison at Montreal.

Thus ended the sanguinary conflict—known, and to be known, as the battle of Front River and thus was consumed the hard earnings of serving men and girls, which had been wrested from them by passionate appeals, to equip the "gallant three hundred"Quixotes, and send them off *o battle.

What chagrin and discomfort they must have experienced when, plodding crestfallen back to Malone, they were met by a body of New York heavy artillery which had been sent to arrest them for a breach of the peace, and their leaders unceremoniously jostled off to prison, to languish and pine for the "harp that once through Tara's Halls,"and await the dawning of a brighter day.

In charging the Dublin jury in the recent Land League cases, Mr. Justice Fitzgerald told them that the land laws of Ireland were more favorable to the tenant than those of Great Britain, Belgium or the United States.

This is a fact, but as these articles are not written to discuss the Irish land question, a passing notice of this fact is all that will be made. As "the oppressed Irish,""the downtrodden Irish,"etc., are frequently alluded to in the newspaper articles of the day, it is well to know upon what such epithets are based, that a correct understanding may be arrived at.

In the days of long ago, when the O'Neils were kings, and an almost constant warfare was being waged with their neighbors, the English, the Irish, through impulse and treachery, were frequently defeated, and as a sequence, every outbreak caused them to lose some of their possessions, and the laws of confiscation gave to the subduer the lands of the subdued.

In this way a very great deal of the soil of Ireland became the property of English peers, and Irish peers who had manifested a fealty to England;

and as each subsequent rising only repeated the same lesson, the result was, that at the time complete subjugation was had, the land was held in fee simple by the children or grandchildren of those upon whom it was bestowed as an absolute fee; and so it has continued to the present time, and is the "bone of contention"—the cause of strife, between the two peoples.

But is this a just cause for strife?

Let us take the reasoning of Mr. Henry George, in his ably written work, "The Irish Land Question,"and illustrate:

"Captain Kidd was a pirate.

He made a business of sailing the seas, capturing merchantmen, making their crews walk the plank, and appropriating their cargoes.

In this way he accumulated much wealth, which he is thought to have buried.

But let us suppose for sake of the illustration, that he did not bury his wealth, but left it to his legal heirs, and they to their heirs, and so on, until at the present day this wealth, or a part of it, has come to a great-greatgrandson of Captain Kidd.

Now, let us suppose that some one, say a great-greatgrandson of one of the shipmasters whom Captain Kidd plundered, makes complaint, and says:

"This man's greatgreat-grandfather plundered my greatgreat-grandfather of certain things, or certain sums, which have been transmitted to him;

whereas, but for this wrongful act they would have been transmitted to me; therefore,

I demand that he be made to restore them."What would society answer?

It would answer as the English government now answers, "We have nothing to do with the acts of, past generations, we have all we can do to attend to the affairs of this one,"and all right minded people will echo the sentiment.

Then let the Irish agitators confine themselves to the affairs of this generation, and if aught can be done, legally, to alleviate the wrongs of to-day, by legislation of to-day, it ought to be done.

No manner of impulsive warfare will intimidate

England, or obtain sympathy from any nation, whose laws are in keeping with truth and justice; but if the laws regulating the renting or leasing of land in Ireland, or America, or England are oppressive, vox populi should demand

THE ST. GOTHARD RAILWAY.

a change, and as "the pen is mightier than the sword,"more will be accomplished in that way than by dynamite or any other method of diabolical warfare Irish-America can invent. The writer has traveled in Ireland, and mixed with the people; not only in the cities, but in the rural districts, and gained from the various resources presented, much valuable information from which to opine;

but lest prejudice may be charged pro and con, facts, and not opinions, will be presented in these articles.

Ireland may well be termed the "Emerald

Isle,"for, owing to the influence of the gulf stream, its verdure is lovely, and the general lay of the country from nearly every avenue of approach strikes the beholder with wonder and joy.

The fertility of the soil, and the facilities of its coast fisheries, together with the natural resources and manufacturing facilities, all of which are at the present time scarcely more than half developed, owing to the agitations constantly kept up, could, if proper means were employed, be made to contribute more happiness to that distressed country than all the freedom the "dynamite fiends"could possibly give if their most sanguine ideas were realized.

But Ireland seems doomed to exclude from its embrace everything that will really aid her cause, and to cling tenaciously to the old legends and barbaric usages of long ago, and ignore the march of intellect and the sway of reason.

Like the town of Bandon, in the county of Cork, which had inscribed over its entrance:

"Turk, Jew or Atheist, May enter here, but not a Papist."

To which the Rev.Arthur O'Leary added, "Who wrote these lines, he wrote them well,

For the same are written o?i the gates of Hell."

Ireland has to-day inscribed over every entrance:

Truth, reason, religious tolerance and justice are excluded, but riot, rapine, carnage and diabolism admitted and fostered, and such is the welcome awaiting applicants at the gates of hell.

Let the people of Ireland contend for all their rights, honorably, and the honorable of all nations will acquiesce and raise their voices in her behalf, and the cry echo from shore to shore till she is identified with honor, love, freedom and happiness;

but so long as needy adventurers use her fair name as a cloak for murder, assassination and tumult, and employ any means to justify their diabolical ends, just so long will her happiness be retarded and the honorable of the earth remain passive spectators of the struggle, instead of active participants in and advocates of her cause and the cause of right in every land.

Robert S. Spence.

THE ST. GOTHARD RAILWAY.

It is scarcely four years ago that we found ourselves coursing down the wellkept pass of the

St. Gothard in the very comfortable coupe of a diligence, on our way from Andermatt to Fliielen.

Like all travelers who have a special fondness for mountains, we found the grand panorama of rugged cliffs, foaming streams, near the far mountains, with summits whose snow gleamed in the morning sun, and precipitate depths, in which clustered villages and hamlets most fascinating, awakening emotions of indescribable delight.

Now and then, however, our feelings were rudely jarred by the rattle ot steam drills, and occasionally the roar of a blast awakened the echoes of the valley.

A turn in the road would bring into view groups of workmen patiently constructing a terrace in the mountain side, or endeavoring to penetrate an overhanging cliff.

At times we found ourselves on a level with a group of them, and in such close proximity, that the fact was forced upon our unwilling consciousness that commercial enterprise had at last invaded that quiet region, and was building one of its chief instrumentalities a railway—and in a few years the heights

THE ST. GO THARD RAILWAY.

and depths so long held consecrated by the sentiments of ideality and sublimity, would resound to the shriek and roar of the straining locomotive as it drew its load of passengers and freight up the spiral incline.

We had heard of the bold project of building a railway and tunnel which should make the passage of the hoary St. Gothard easy, and bring into quick communication the beautiful Lake of the Four Cantons and the charming lake country of Italy;

but when we found ourselves, with three or four stranger companions, in a diligence, whose six horses labored up the steep and narrow roadway, and our vision ranged down the declivitous sides of the mountain, we almost rejoiced in the thought, that surely here are too many difficulties in the way of the engineer; the vast trouble and expense will render the building of a railroad a profitless undertaking.

Yet at the very time the work was going on, and scientific skill was rapidly conquering the tremendous obstacles which

Nature had erected.

Such were the difficulties of the ascent that there was no carriage road by way of St. Gothard and the Bernardino until 1830, although the pass was the shortest way through the Swiss territory to Italy;

and when this road was eventually constructed, it could not compete with the Brenner and the Semmering routes which were so much lower and easier of access.

Though the St. Gothard road had the advantage of being shorter, it had the more serious disadvantages of being steep, with numerous abrupt turns, and frequent suggestions of danger, which are not at all relished by the majority of travelers.

We shall never forget the ride down the pass, our horses being on a full run, the heavy coach swaying to and fro, and in making a rapid turn, there was sometimes an abrupt lurch of the vehicle, which swung its wheels close to the margin of the road, beyond which there was in some localities an almost perpendicular fall for fifty or more feet, with anything but an inviting bed of rock at its sharply-inclined base. We shall never forget our sensations as we flew over the famous Devil's Bridge, and gazed down into the foaming water of the Reuss, as that rapid stream dashed through the broken and jagged masses of rock which obstruct the river's downward flight.

The romancing tourist may prefer the knapsack and staff, or the postdiligence, in his junket through these interesting defiles; but the traveler who would go comfortably through their lower precincts, and be satisfied with vanishing bits of the mountain glory, will patronize the railway.

The St. Gothard Railway starts from the Lake of Lucerne;

it travels along the Bay of Uri to Fliielen, up the zig-zag valley to the tunnel entrance at Goschenen, issuing from the tunnel at Airolo, and thence proceeding downward to Lugano and Lake Maggiore. The mountain tunnel is regarded as one of the greatest feats of modern engineering;

it is nearly nine miles in length, and over three thousand feet above the level of the sea.

There are fifty other tunnels on the route of the railway, several of them a mile or more in length.

It is the character of its tunnel system which renders the St.

Gothard specially noteworthy among mountain railways.

Seven of the subterranean passages between the Lake of

Zug and the Italian frontier are spiral, or double upon themselves screw-fashion.

Between Erstfeld and Gtischenen there are three of these spiral passages, made necessarily in that form because of the narrowness of the Reuss Valley.

Generally abrupt ascents in railways are overcome by making long curves proportioned in length to the height to be surmounted.

This is not possible in the Valley of the Reuss between the points mentioned—the road is therefore doubled on itself, like a winding stair, and the difference in grade is surmounted within a tunnel.

The railroad rises thus in the neighborhood of Wasen one hundred and thirty-six metres (over four hundred and fifty feet), by means of the three tunnels of Pfaffinsprung, Wattengen, and Leggestein.

Between Airolo and Lugano, there are four other spiral tunnels, each of which is nearly a mile in length.

Selected.

DOES THE BIBLE CONTAIN ALL THE SCRIPTURES?

DOES THE BIBLE CONTAIN ALL THE SCRIPTURES?

The Bible is the most common book in the world.

One or more copies of it are in nearly every family among Christain nations.

It is boasted that the sun never ceases to shine on the reading of the English Bible alone.

Millions of copies have been printed in nearly every language spoken by the children of men.

Thousands of men are employed by Christians to expound the principles it contains.

Institutions of learning have been erected all over the land, where young men are being trained to become the future teachers of its precepts.

Every neighborhood, hamlet and village has one or more churches;

while in our larger cities their name is legion.

To these temples the people go at stated times to hear the Scriptures the Bible explained.

Harmonies, analyses, and commentaries are scarcely less numerous than the Bible itself.

Yet, with all this reading of the Scriptures, in connection with their analyses and commentaries to enable them to understand its passages; with all their theological institutions for the education of their teachers; with all the zeal, learning, and eloquence of their ministers, the world is lamentably ignorant of the Scriptures, and of the glorious truths which they contain.

This statement, under the circumstances, may appear startling; for if any book has a chance of being understood, and the principles it contains comprehended, that book is the Bible.

Every possible means for its explication has been adopted, and to charge the world with ignorance of it, and its doctrines, will doubtless subject the writer to the charge of gross ignorance, or wilful bigotry on his own part.

However, the charge is made, and the statement is susceptible of the most direct proof.

We might here refer to many principles which the Bible speaks of—principles too, of vital importance to the existence of the Church of Christ about which the world knows nothing;

but it is not our object to speak of them at present.

We wish to refer to the prevailing ideas in regard to the Scriptures themselves, and show, if we are able, how far these are from the truth.

It is nearly a universal belief among

Christians, that all the revelations that God has given to man are contained in the Bible—that it is "the whole word of

God to man."The first difficulty that would meet one in accepting this idea, is the fact that there are several different translations of the Bible, and in these you find one refusing to accept as holy writ several books which the others contain.

The Lutheran translators of the Scriptures rejected the books of Hebrews, St. James, II Peter, II and III St. John, St. Jude, and the Apocalypse.

The English translators, in the time of

King James, accepted all of the above books, and placed them in their canon;

but the English translators repudiated some half score books which the Catholic translators accept as canonical.

The question is, which of these translations shall we accept as "the whole word of God to man;"the English, the Lutheran, or the Catholic?

All of them decided what books to accept as canonical by tradition.

"It was not enough for the reception of a writing, that it came unto them (the early Christians) under the name of an apostle.

How was it regarded by the preceding generation, and by the generation before that?

Had it been handed down by the general and concurrent tradition of the church as the work of the writer, whose name it bears?

Such was the mode which, we know from, the ramaining works of Irenseus, Tertullian,

Eusebius, Cyril and Augustine, was employed in their days, and in all times of the primitive church."(M'llvaine's Evidences, p. 90, 91.) "How do the Protestants prove the truth of the Bible?

The only evidence they have is tradition.

They have received into their canon such books only as tradition accredits to be genuine."(O.

Pratt's Divine

7o DOES THE BIBLE CONTAIN ALL THE SCRIPTURES?

Authenticity of the Book of Mormon, But what an uncertain guide tradition has been It taught the English translators to accept seven books as sacred writ which it taught the Lutheran translators to reject; and taught all Protestants to repudiate some ten books which the Catholic translators received as canonical.

Another objection to the Bible being the "whole word of God to man"is, that many books are spoken of by the writers of the Bible, and are referred to as "Scripture,"and revelations of God, and yet are not found in either of the translations we have referred to in the above.

In the epistle to the Galatians, we find the following:

"And the Scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen, through faith, preached before the Gospel unto Abraham."(Gal.

iii: 8.) From this we learn that the Scripture taught unto Abraham the Gospel, and also foretold the heathen would be justified through faith.

What, Scripture in the days of Abraham?

The Christian world say "Moses was God's first pen;"but it appears from the above quotation that some one wrote Scriptures long before Moses was born, for Abraham read them, and learned from them the Gospel, in connection with the revelations which God gave unto him, and Abraham lived over four hundred and fifty years before Moses.

Jude, speaking of some characters which he likens unto "raging waves of the sea foaming out their own shames,"says, "And Enoch, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousand of His saints, to execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against Him."(Jude, 15, 16.), From this it appears that Enoch, the seventh from Adam, was favored with a vision of the second coming of the Son of God, and prophesied of judgment overtaking the ungodly at that coming.

This prophecy of Enoch's was in existence in the days of Jude, "the servant of Christ,"or else he would not be able to quote from it.

May not this prophecy of Enoch's have been among the Scripture with which Abraham was acquainted?

There should also be another epistle of Jude.

That writer says, "When I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith once delivered unto the saints."(Jude, 3.) We have but one epistle of Jude's, yet he wrote another epistle to the saints on a very important subject, "The common salvation,"and he "gave all diligence"in writing upon it. Would not the epistle on the "common salvation"be as important as that one we have from Jude's pen?

Paul, in writing to the Ephesians, states that God made known unto him, by revelation, a certain mystery;

"as,"says he, "I wrote afore in few words, whereby when ye read ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of

Christ."(Eph., iii: 3.) Here Paul evidently refers to another epistle which he had written to the Ephesians, but of which the world, to-day, has no knowledge.

This epistle contained a revelation from God.

When the great apostle to the Gentiles wrote to the Colossians, he gave them these directions:

"When this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans, and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea."(Col., iv:

16.) Here, then, is another epistle of Paul's which he himself refers to, but of which the world knows nothing—it is not in the Bible.

In the first letter to the Corinthians you find this statement:

"I wrote unto you in an epistle, not to keep company with fornicators."(I Cor., v: 9.) That book, then, which the world has so long regarded as the first epistle to the Corinthians, is not really the first epistle which

Paul wrote to the church at Corinth, for in the quotation given above, taken

DOES THE BIBLE CONTAIN ALL THE SCRIPTURES f from the so-called First Epistle to the Corinthians, the writer speaks of an epistle which he previously had written to them, in which he counseled them "not to keep company with fornicators."

Doubtless many other instructions and important principles were contained in this other Epistle to the Corinthians.

There is also a record of the house of

Joseph, who was sold into Egypt, together with "all the house of Israel his companions,"which the Lord said he would put with the "stick"or book of Judah.

(Ezek., xxxvii: 15—20.) But the Christians receive only the books written by the Jews.

Then there is the "Book of Nathan, the Prophet,"'and the "Book of Gad, the Seer,"spoken of in I Chron., jxxix:

29; also the Book of Ahijah, the Prophet, and the Book of the Visions of

Iddo, the Seer, both mentioned in II Chron., ix:

29; also the Book of Shemaiah, the Prophet,

II Chron., xii:

15, and a score more that might be mentioned;

but what references we have already given, will prove beyond all controversy that the Bible does not contain all the revelations which God has given to man, and that it is not the "whole word of God to him."Will those who claim that the books in the Bible contain all the revelations that God has given to man, treat so lightly the words of God as to to say "We don't need these lost books?"It is evident that some of the writings of the "holy men of old, who spake as they were moved upon by the Holy Ghost,"are not contained in the translations of holy writ known to the world, and fortunately how these books and epistles have been kept from mankind, is now made known by the sacred pages of the Book of Mormon; and perhaps what has been stated concerning the existence of other Scripture besides that contained in the Bible, will enable us to better comprehend the truth of the following quotation from the Book of Mormon.

Nephi, who went out from Jerusalem with his father, some six hundred years

B. C, beheld in vision the principal events that have transpired upon this continent until the present time.

He beheld a book which the angel said, who stood by him in his vision, "was a record of the Jews,"and that "it contained the plainness of the gospel of the

Lord,"and went in "purity unto the Gentiles."Immediately after this, he sees an abominable church established:

"Most abominable above all other churches;

for, behold, they have taken away from the gospel of the Lamb> many parts which are plain and most precious;

and also many covenants of the Lord have they taken away."(I Nephi, xiii:

21—30.) After the book is mutilated by this abominable church, "it goeth forth to all the nations of the Gentiles,"and because of these'"plain and precious things"being taken from the book, "an exceeding great many do stumble, yea, insomuch that Satan hath great power over them."(Ibid.) A moment's reflection on the confused state and uncertainty existing among the Christian sects in regard to the meaning of Scripture, is sufficient to convince one of the truth of the statement, "many do stumble."To say that the Bible is the "whole word of God,"is rather a contracted view of God's dealing with His children in regard to revealing Himself and His laws unto them, since He declares that "He hath made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the earth,"and that He is "no respecter of persons."When Europeans discovered America, they found it thickly inhabited by a race of people whom they called Indians.

In some portions of the continent this people were semi-civilized.

But everywhere through the land were evidences of a higher civilization than was known among them at the time of America being discovered.

It was plain to be seen that these Indians had not arisen from barbarism to their semi-civilized condition, but that they were the remnants of a people whose civilization had waned to barbarism.

Ruins of cities partially overgrown by forests;

mighty roads of solid masonry through almost inaccessible mountain fastnesses;

great

7 2 DOES THE BIBLE CONTAIN ALL THE SCRIPTURES?

pyramids which in extent rival those at Memphis;

ruins of beautiful temples, whose architecture must have equalled the best models of proud Greece or Rome—all attest the high degree of civilization attained by the ancient inhabitants of America.

These ruins still testify to the world that on this continent, perhaps coeval with the empires of Macedon,

Greece and Rome, flourished nations that would equal them in extent, splendor and greatness.

The religious world would have us believe that God sent prophets to the eastern continent to proclaim unto them His will; but in saying that the Bible is the whole word of God, they would have us believe 1 that the Lord forgot the millions of His children who dwelt on the western hemisphere—left them to perish without knowing Him or His purposes.

He finally sent His Son to the "Old World,"to teach the people the great plan of salvation which had been wrought out for them, but no Jesus appeared in the "New World"to make known unto the people the redemption secured to them through His own death and suffering The Church was established in Asia, but none in America It is time the Apostles were commanded to "Go and teach all nations,"and they could easily reach Europe and Africa;

but God, who has the power of fore knowledge, must have known that many centuries would pass away before any communication would be had between the two continents, and that hundreds of millions of His children would die without the means of salvation.

Is it possible that God, who is "no respecter of persons,"and who is "just,"would take such a course with the people inhabiting these two continents? Nay, I cannot believe it.

"What man among you having twelve sons, and is no respecter of them, and they serve him obediently, and he saith unto the one, be thou clothed in robes and sit thou here; and to the other, be thou clothed in rags, and sit thou there;

and looketh upon his sons and saith, I am just."(Doctrine and Covenants, sec.

38.) Then, by parity of reasoning, could God, who is infinitely more just than man, send men filled with the Holy Ghost to teach His laws unto His children, make known unto them the way of life by sending His Son in their midst, cause Scripture to be written for their profit, learning, reproof and instruction in righteousness; can He thus favor the inhabitants of one continent, and then leave His children on another continent to perish in ignorance of the purposes of their creation, and to die without the knowledge of God?

Can He take such a course as this, and then look upon His children and say, "I am just?"

How much more does the justice of God appear in the following extract, taken from the Book of Mormon, speaking of what should be said when the Lord began to bring forth more ot His word than was written in the Bible:

"And because my words shall hiss forth, many of the Gentiles shall say, 'A Bible! a Bible! We have got a Bible, and there cannot be any more Bible.'Thou fool, that shall say, 'A Bible, we have got a Bible, and we need no more Bible.'Know ye not that there are more nations than one? Know ye not that I, the Lord your God, have created all men, and that I remember those who are on the isles of the sea?

And I bring forth my word unto the children of men, yea, even upon all the nations of the earth?

For behold, I shall speak unto the Jews, and they shall write it; and I shall also speak unto the Nephites (the ancient inhabitants of America), and they shall write it; and I shall also speak unto the other tribes of the house of Israel, which

I have led away, and they shall write it; and I shall also speak unto all nations of the earth, and they shall write it.

And it shall come to pass that the Jews shall have the words of the Nephites, and the Nephites shall have the words of the Jews; and the Nephites and the Jews shall have the words of the lost tribes of Israel, and the lost tribes of Israel shall have the words of the Nephites and the Jews."(2 Nephi xxix.) B. H. Roberts.

EDWARD HUNTER.

EDWARD HUNTER.

A MAN OK God.

Behold him where he lies, Stilled by the opiate men have misnamed death

Deep sleep has settled on those aged eyes,

And quelled the pulsings of that bosom's breath.

No more that hand, uplifted but in prayer

Save to defend or suceor the distressed

No more that step, which climbed life's tottering stair

To where the worn and weary are at rest

That eye whose gaze the guilty soul would shun,

That heart whose genial current ne'er grew cold,

That noble life whose day on earth is done Shall we of Time's frail tenement behold.

His life ran peaceful as the rural stream,

O'er goodly deeds like glistening sands of gold,

Reflecting virtue from that heavenly beam

Which shines o'er such with radiance manifold.

Mayhap some deemed him rude of speech and mien 'Twas but the ripple of the waves, which broke

In candor o'er what else had rightly been

The theme and burden of suspicion.

Look!

Look well to him whose smooth and velvet phrase

Calm and unruffled as the placid pool

Within whose slimy deep lurks death—betrays

The hypocrite, the hollow heart—hell's tool!

Not such the soul of him who slumbers there.

He was a man.

Belov'd of men on earth, Approved of God in heav'n.

Beloved where The morning stars, his brethren, wept his birth

His birth terrestrial, which to them was death

For what is death but absence?

Now returned, Life's warfare o'er, flag furled and sword in sheath;

Could eye but see, ear hear, what he hath earned

By valor here below—how we, this bright

Example emulating, would resolve

Anew to scale afar th'empyrean height,

Where glory reigns and endless worlds revolve

Resound his fame, ye oracles of grace

Thou choral band, loud peal the solemn lay

Ye lingering multitudes, behold the face

Of one who upright walked the narrow way "God's nobleman"indeed, here lived and died

If death it be, to lay the burden down Of mortal cares, in mother earth to hide,

Till resurrection dons redemption's crown.

When good men die, 'tis passing to a sphere Where all is life, light, liberty and love.

Who seeks for Edward Hunter, finds him there;

He mingles with the blest in realms above.

O. F.

Whitney.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, November, 18S3.

REFORMATION.

The reformatory work of the Associations appears to be engaging the interest and attention of the officers and spirited members more this season than ever before.

A very widespread feeling that a reformation in the lives of many who have been attached to the organization, as well as those who have never been members, should occur, is to be observed wherever we go.

It is a feeling that ought to become universal throughout the ranks of the Associations wherever they are organized. There are reasons for this desire on the part of officers to see a reformation take place, which might be considered with interest and profit by all our readers.

One is, it is necessary for the welfare of the Associations.

As an organization for mutual improvement we make pretensions of that character which require a constant improvement in conduct, morality and intelligence, from all its members.

If this fails, then the Associations, to a certain extent, are reproachable, either as badly managed or inefficient means for the accomplishment of the work they assume to do.

Up to the present the majority of the Associations have succeeded so well in their labors that they have won a reputation for good, and as this has grown so also have the expectations of the people who now, as a rule, look to the societies for great results in the cultivation of manners, development of character, and general improvement of the youthful members of society.

To illustrate this sentiment, we need but recall the condition of that branch of society a fewyears ago, before the Associations were organized.

In many country villages young men were plentiful who were rough, rude, swearing, drinking, breaking the Sabbath, thinking and speaking lightly of religion, etc.

All this was tolerated, even condoned, under the specious plea that "boys will be boys, and must sow their wild oats."How is it now?

If any of these things are seen or heard, the question is at once asked, where is the Mutual Improvement Association?

This shows that a reformatory work has been done and is expected of the Associations.

Any failure to effect it is an acknowledgment that we are inattentive and negligent, or that we do not appreciate the requirements of the public from us, and are not capable of living up to the professions we make.

The fact is, in regard to this reform labor, and the sooner we understand it the better, we are called to the watchcare and preservation of the youth of Zion from the follies which lead to sin and the practices which destroy happiness and faith.

It is our mission as an organized body to gather in the youth of

Zion and direct their steps in the path of truth, honor, virtue, that they may have peace, pleasure that is real, and become qualified for the responsibilities of men and women devoted to theserviceof God.

So long as one remains unrepentant a violator of good order, morality, or any correct principle adopted for the improvement of society, this missionary work is required of the Associations.

We have a broader, much more extensive field than merely providing an hour's entertainment once a week for those who attend our meetings.

When we get thoroughly at work we will discover that entertainment, at least amusement, is quite a subordinate consideration.

The idea of improvement as viewed by the Authorities involves among the first conditions a testimony of the truth of the Gospel.

It was because of this that when we were first organized the only exercise suggested was "bearing testimony."How far have some of the societies departed from this original platform!

Yet

EDITORIAL.

it is right that getting a testimony should be the foremost consideration, for upon it our progress mainly depends.

Its possession once secured clears the path, removing more obstacles in the way of interesting, pleasant and profitable meetings than anything else.

This necessarily requires reformation;

a testimony cannot be obtained without repentance and a change of life, which brings us to the individual labor to which we desire especially to call the attention of the officers of all Young Men's Associations throughout the Church.

The spirit of improvement is rapidly extending among the people; a determination to prepare for the coming events of Providence and to be found in safe places doing right predominates over other feelings.

This, we have observed, extends to the Associations, and the question is being asked daily by the officers:

How are we to reach results in our labors; to effect a reformation among the members, draw in the young men who are not members, and get them interested?

The answer is, commence at home.

If the officers will turn over a new leaf, say, by commencing now and strictly observing the Word of Wisdom, teaching it to the members with testimonies of their own experience in trying to practice the temperance it enjoins, a great stride will have been made.

Each officer thus fortified by his calling and example, may then commence a thorough labor among the members.

Every one he converts adds to the missionary force, and thus, gaining strength, they can soon extend their labors to nonmembers, and a quiet but persistent individual missionary crusade will be organized, which will reach all the young men in Israel, and in a spirit of humility and kindness, reprove them for their evil deeds and shortcomings, and encourage them to live better and purer lives.

This will roll up the membership of the Associations and suggest exercises of a kind that cannot fail to be interesting.

Let it be understood that our missionary labors are not to consist so much in public ministrations as in private confidential conversations with each other.

One straightforward, energetic officer, can reach many of his companions during the winter if he will buckle on his armor—the Word of Wisdom and go to work wisely, winning as he bestows confidence, forming friendships and cementing bonds which will bind him to those he ministers unto with cords of eternal brotherhood that cannot be broken.

The friendship which ought to characterize a community such as ours can be nurtured in our Associations and become established there to last forever.

No kind of communion will have such an effect more directly than that suggested above.

If you wish the good feeling and friendship of your comrades, reform your own conduct and go "between him and thyself alone,"and endeavor, relying upon the help of the Lord, to reprove him for his. sins and convert him to your way of thinking and living.

If you succeed you knit your hearts together and develop some of the best qualities they possess.

It is this confidential association with people that converts them to the Gospel, and without it the ministrations of the Elders abroad would be of no avail; without it at home our labors will also amount to but little.

We hope to see a great improvement effected in the customary habits of the young men of our people this winter by this kind of ministration.

Carefully pursued, it will in a short time eradicate loafing, drinking, carousing, swearing, and the many kindred evils which to-day in many places are a reproach to those who practice them, and to our Associations as long as we supinely tolerate and encourage them, either by our own indulgence or neglect of the duty to reprove others required of us.

Let the officers commence the work of reformation, and follow it closely and with zeal.

It will kindle a flame that will spread right and left until the hearts of thousands will be made to burn with a purer and holier desire than has ever entered them, and we will thus be instrumental in the hands of our Father in preparing a people for His providences.

We may

7 6 RAINY DAYS.

be sure of the Divine favor in so noble a work; and we will witness the most immediate and remarkable answer to our prayers in its consummation that we can possibly hope for.

"Now is the accepted time,"and every well wisher to the cause of improvement should take for his watchword, Reform, and make it have a real and living significance by its practical application to his own life and that of his companions.

Show me the man you honor.

I know by that symptom better than other, what kind of a man you yourself are.

For you show me there what your ideal of manhood is, what kind of man you long inexpressibly to be.

Carlyle.

RAINY DAYS.

Like the "Shepherd of Salisbury Plain,"we should be content in all sorts of weather.

His was indeed a noble example of patience and resignation, and has taught to many a useful lesson of contentment with all the seasons and changes God sends.

But, setting aside all examples, I am very grateful for rainy days for many reasons.

It gives one time to do all sorts of odd work and long neglected work, that never would be done except on a rainy day, when no one calls to hinder and one cannot go out to seek pleasure, or even to do regular outside work.

Perhaps letters have been laid aside waiting for an opportune time to answer, or a painting to be finished, or a piece of music or song to be practiced, or some article of wearing apparel to be mended or completed, stockings to be darned—each or any of these are likely to be the occupation of a rainy day, and by this means the loose threads are picked up, and one feels better satisfied with one's self.

There is a great deal of solid enjoyment in a rainy day.

It is a sort of respite, not exactly a holiday, for then one is expected to perform double duty, and it is often more of a strain than a rest, although it is usually, if nothing more, a very agreeable change, but a real, genuine rainy day is a positive blessing.

It keeps perpetual "gadabouts and gossips"at home, and gives their friends—"save the mark"—a rest from being tormented.

And in all probability even this class of individuals will be doing good service at home on the rainy days.

People who are constantly and arduously employed, occasionally get a rainy day to do some rummaging;

in fact ransacking closets, drawers, chests and places of this sort is peculiar to rainy days.

And there is always something delightful in it, at least to me, and what better judgment can we make than to "put yourself in his place,"as Charles Reade said.

Now, as I am fond of a rainy day, I take it for granted others are too;

and if there are any who are not, why they have the same right to their view of the matter as I have.

It is a very good thing we are not all just alike, and if anybody will write up their aversion to rainy days and give their reasons, I shall be very glad to read it.

For my part, I know rainy days have brought "sweet peace"to me many a time.

I have often longed to sit in an apple tree in the garden catching the pretty rain drops on my head and shoulders as the birds do.

It looks so refreshing, and I wish that a good wetting did not give us poor mortals cold, and make us sick, for I am sure the rain dropping on one's bare head is a delightful sensation.

But then if one could ramble about in the garden and fields on a rainy day the real good of these days would be subverted. We should lose a true pleasure in pursuing an imaginary one, perchance.

How many times, on these rainy days, one gets out old papers and sorts and files and examines, and now and then reads something almost forgotten that awakens tender thoughts, and calls up recollections that fill the soul with such fancies

RAINY DAYS.

as create another world for us, almost, for the time being.

We must have intervals of time for reflection, and in this hurrying, bustling, busy, working world, we do not meditate half enough.

We get cross and irritable and disagreeable because we want to do too much, and by this means we neglect the very things that make life beautiful and attractive.

We neglect love; we almost put it away from us in our anxiety to "get on in the world,"and be somebody.

Why we had far better be agreeable and beloved in our own homes and in our own households, by our own relatives and friends, than to amass riches for others to waste, or shine everywhere else but at home!

A rainy day does give busy people a few hours to think of these things and to ponder them in their hearts.

Then blessed be rainy days, for they help to make our burdens lighter by opening up avenues of love in some way or other.

Even if the rainy day happens to be the Sabbath, it is nevertheless good.

If one stays at home he is sure to do something he would not have done if the day were fine, if it is only to play with the baby, or read some good book, or write to an old friend, or re-read old letters, or take up some old music and recall happy memories, or amuse the children with stories of his own childhood.

If one goes to meeting on a rainy day, even that is, as it were, sanctified to him, for he is sure to go because he is in sympathy with the divine.

And sitting in the church he feels that the congregation have come together on this occasion to worship God and not to "see and be seen."To me there is a sort of reverence about rainy days.

They always impress me with a sweet sadness that is better understood than expressed.

It is not good to be always hilarious; there must be times of meditation, or one would fall very far short of the great end and aim of their creation.

We rush on through life at almost lightning speed in this age of the world, especially we Americans, and it is a good thing we are obliged to pull up now and then and slacken our pace, and if rainy days will help us in this respect, then hurrah for rainy days.

In good old England they have a great deal of this sort of thing, and I must say I think that in all probability it has been very good for the race.

They are "slow coaches,"may be, but they are certainly away ahead in many respects, and if we would adopt some of their customs it would be better for us;

particularly in eating slower and walking more, and doing many things slower and therefore better, and take things in general easier.

It is the fault of the country, some people say, and very likely climate has much to do with our habits, but love, if it is cultivated, is indigenous in all climes, though it does require a little cultivating, and I argue if we took a little more pains to cultivate this plant that springs up very often spontaneously in the human heart, we should all increase our own happiness and that of others.

We do not cultivate this love because we have not time, and that is why I think rainy days are a blessing, because they give us time to think of our loved ones, who expect some little recognition.

A rainy day in November is a luxury, and if the wind blows a little and a few flakes of snow fall, it corresponds well with the time and the season. A good fire within doors is cheerful and bright, and gazing out upon the dreary prospect, one sees how vivid a contrast it presents to the fireside, the home nest within; we might with all propriety compare it to the body of the aged or the sufferer, dreary and painful, without beauty, yet a spirit hovering within, bright as the loveliness of the home.

Or to the coldness of the heartless world compared to the love that ever clings to the dear ones of our own "family.

We cannot lose sight of the fact that the year is dying on one of these rainy days in November, yet we know that the sunshine, the summer, the seed time and harvest will come again, and so we can appreciate the "sere and yellow leaf,"and the cold, dark, rainy days, when there is light within, yes, within our own souls, and we can draw nearer to our loved ones, and

RAINY DAYS.

loiter a little longer at some special shrine of duty or affection.

If all were sunshine, the earth would get hard and solid, a crust would form, difficult to penetrate; the rain softens it and keeps vegetation in process;

and so with us, too much sunshine is not good for us.

Rainy days help us to moralize and soften our hearts a little, by giving us the required rest that every human being must needs have. Why it is sometimes a good thing to be sick, if one is not racked with pain, for not only the weary body gets a rest, but the tired brain, and there is no doubt in my mind but that what we term delicate people -live longer because they are so frequently resting.

Longfellow has written very prettily of "November—the Rainy Day:""The day is cold and dark and dreary;

It rains, and the wind is never weary;

The rain still clings to the moldering wall,

But at every gust the dry leaves fall,

And the day is dark and dreary."

This is only one of the verses so suggestive to the weary.

I wonder if it is that I am weary, that I am so partial to rainy days.

I like rainy days more perhaps because they are a rarity in our climate, and we actually get so much in need of rain to moisten the earth, and revive vegetation, that when it does come we cannot help feeling grateful;

but these are not all the causes for my liking rainy days, for when I was a chiid I had the same preference, and

I know I was not weary then, and I did not realize the need the earth had of rain.

I used to hide up in the garret among the rubbish, and hunt for queer old things, and read such wonderful stories, "as old as the hills,"and try to be scared, but I wasn't, yet how I would scream if I saw a mouse, and I believe I have the same sort of propensity and feeling now, for I am almost sure to rummage in the garret on a rainy day, and if I see a mouse I scream as loud as ever.

But now I have so many precious treasures to look over, and then they were only curiosities, yet I had a passion for old things, and old books, and old songs, and old letters, and, as I was often informed, I was old-fashioned myself.

One thing I do know, and that was, I had a penchant for falling in love with, well, whom do you think?—Don't be alarmed, for it wasn't anything very naughty, and

I just hated boys, because they were always tormenting me;

well, it was for falling in love with old ladies;

mind you, there had to be something fascinating about them, though;

they wore such dainty caps, with soft laces and bright ribbons, and they always spoke so low and sweet, and made love to me, and love begets love, you know, and, best of all, they told me such nice stories, and their voices soothed me like a lullaby, and I used to think old ladies were even nicer than the young ones, for they were always dressing up and primping, and trying to put on airs over us little ones.

I had lots of good reasons for liking old ladies, but perhaps you think this hasn't much to do with rainy days, and yet it has, for if ever you are "dreary and weary,"as Longfellow says, on a rainy day, you will find that old ladies have the very best faculty of telling stories, and there would be such beautiful lights and shadows, and almost rainbows in them, that you would forget all about being dreary and weary, and think you were in an enchanted land, listening to sweet music, with the fragrance of the flowers around you, and gentle hands caressing you.

O, the magic there is in storytelling!

Even our boys, when I was a child, noisy and boisterous as they were, would sit as still as could be to hear grandpa tell stories.

And after all, what is Hfe but a wonderful story, with its ups and downs, rough places and smooth ones, bright sunshiny days and dark rainy ones, but to the hopeful and diligent there is always a gleam of light in the darkest places, and, as Longfellow says at the close of the same poem we quoted from before, "Into each life some rain must fall,

Some days must be dark and dreary."

Many a pretty poem and interesting story, that has gladdened hearts and homes in other lands, has been written on a rainy day, when the author could

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

better concentrate his ideas, because there was more quiet, and a feeling of restfulness, that always comes with the "patter, patter of the rain,"and this is another reason for liking rainy days.

When the weather is fine one goes out of doors to write, and it often happens that something detracts the attention, and the work is left undone, like the little girl in the nursery rhyme:

"Margie climbed up to the hill top

To write a little sonnet, Before she half had finished it The wind blew off her bonnet.

Margie ran down to the valley To find her little bonnet, So long did she dilly and dally,

She quite forgot her sonnet."Now this is very likely to be true, and on a rainy day one would not climb up to the hill top, but close the door, and sit in some warm corner, on a low easy chair, and plunge into a sort of reverie, and then, if one does not write a story, or a poem, or a pen sketch, or something of the sort, one is most likely to get into a dreamy sort of state that rests the weary mind and body, more than putting one's thoughts upon paper. And hoping I have given my friends something to consider on rainy days as well as sunny days, and feeling a nearness to the hard and tired workers of every day,

I cannot but rejoice in the rainy days, if they will only give to the incessant toiler temporary relief from arduous labor, and added to this, if rainy days promote the love that can feel for another's woe, and help us to "see oursel's as ithers see us,"then indeed rainy days will not only be blessed days, but blissful ones, and we shall all be better and wiser, and more useful, because of our experiences of rainy days.

Amethyst.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

SEMI-ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

The Semi-annual Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. Associations, was held in the

Salt Lake Assembly Hall, on Sunday, October 7, commencing at 7 o'clock p.m.

General Superintendent Wilford Woodruff and Counselors Joseph F. Smith and

Moses Thatcher presiding.

Singing by the Tabernacle choir. Prayer by Charles

Kelly, of Box Elder Stake.

.Singing by choir.

The Secretary called the roll and representatives from twelve Stakes responded and came to the stand.

Supt.

L. R. Martineau addressed the meeting.

Said, in accordance with instructions given last April, the weekly meetings of the Associations were discontinued and monthly meetings held only, which kept the Associations alive in the hearts of the young men.

Supt. Wra.

H.

Seegmiller, of Sevier Stake, reported briefly the progress made in mutual improvement in that Stake, showing that the membership of the Associations was increasing and that they were in a very healthy condition.

Had derived great pleasure from his labors in behalf of this cause, and testified that all who labored faithfully and diligently therein would receive great blessings and happiness in their labors.

Sanpete, Juab, Millard, Morgan, Weber and Summit Stakes were reported respectively by Superintendents

J. F. Allred, Thomas Crawley, F.

A.

Robison, W.

G.

Brough, E.

H.

Anderson and Ward E. Pack.

Choir sang the hymn "O awake, my slumbering minstrel."David P. Kimball reported the condition of the Associations of the St. Joseph

Stake of Zion.

President Wilford Woodruff then addressed the Conference. Said it gave him great pleasure to meet with so many of the young men and women of Zion.

Made some very interesting remarks about the early days of the Church.

Prophesied that the day was near at hand when the vail would be raised, and the minds of the young men and women would be filled with the spirit of the work of God.

The day would come when the cities of the Saints would not

8o ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

have saloons, because the Saints would not support them.

Admonished the young men to refrain from all evil ways and forsake all evil practices.

President Joseph F. Smith addressed the Conference.

Had had great pleasure in listening to the reports from the various Associations, also to the instructions given by President Woodruff.

Stated that a large majority of the missionaries now laboring in the field were from the Y. M. M.

I. Associations, and that they made the most efficient missionaries.

Related the circumstances of two young men being tarred and feathered in the States, and said that he had been informed that those who took part in it were heartily sick of having had anything to do with it.

Trusted that all the young would interest themselves in their own improvement. The day would come, and it was not as far away as some supposed,when it would be deemed a great honor to be identified with this people. We are scoffed at by the ignorant of the world, but the wellread and intelligent classes have ceased to look upon us with contempt.

While they do not know we are right, they are afraid we may be.

The day will come when Zion will be the head and not the tail, when God will sit among His people, and the wicked look upon it with awe.

Commended the Contributor to young and old;

wished all to read it; said it was a most excellent work, and any one who perused it would be much improved and amply repaid;

especially commended the enterprise of the publisher in procuring the engraving of the Three Witnesses, which he considered of great and lasting interest to the Latter-day Saints.

The names of the general officers were then presented, Elders Jno. E. Carlisle and R. S. Spence were sustained as missionaries.

Apostle Moses Thatcher endorsed all that had been said by the previous speakers.

He presented the Preceptor, published by Elder John Nicholson, and recommended its introduction to and use by the Associations as a most useful and comprehensive method for acquiring a knowledge of the Gospel.

Stated that it would be generally employed in Cache Stake—an order having been given for five hundred copies, and should be equally so everywhere.

President A.'M. Cannon made a few remarks in relation to improvement, and paid a very happy tribute to the excellence of the Contributor, which he.

read with interest, and recommends to all.

The choir sang, and benediction was pronounced by Apostle F. M. Lyman.

Conference adjourned for six months.

N. W. Clayton, Secretary.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE—UTAH.

The Quarterly Conference of the Associations convened in the Tabernacle at Provo, October 14.

There were present, of the general officers, President Joseph F. Smith and Junius F. Wells; E. H. Anderson, Supt.

of Weber County, the Utah Stake Presidency, and numerous officers of the Associations.

10 a. m.

Meeting called to order by President David John.

After singing and prayer, remarks were made by Junius F.

Wells, Benjamin Cluffi, Jr., F. M. Lyman, Jr., and Bishop John E.

Booth.

2 p. m.

The general officers were sustained, and owing to the vacancy created by the absence of Milton H. Hardy, for several years Superintendent of the Associations in Utah County, the following board of officers was presented and unanimously sustained:

Benjamin Cluff, Jr., Superintendent;

J.

M. Tanner and Jos.

B.

Keeler, Counselors;

W.

C.

A.

Smoot, Jr., Secretary.

S. D. Moore was sustained as missionary to visit the Associations.

President Joseph F. Smith delivered a very interesting discourse, which was listened to with strict attention by the large audience.

In the evening another meeting was held, at which Apostle F.

M. Lyman gave some very practical instructions relating to the work of mutual improvement, in which he advocated individual missionary labor being performed by every faithful member among those who appear indifferent.

B. H. GODDAKD.

JUKI US F. AVELL* H. J. GRANT.

^&M 3* «*A»rr ^ e *» Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

-—*•*, Rl©pp©8©n)t Meet© feat PSpst ©lass G@nj!ipani)ii©s.

'wv^- £7?.£ IfUSQ: IS filj^-fiTB <ZH-E OHE^fiCPEBQ:.

Offi.ce: Hooper «Sc Eldredge IBlocls:, Salt Hi&lse CIt3r.

H. W. SPENCER.

M. R. EVANS WALKER OPERA HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1019.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN"CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY,

Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Notions, Etc.

($iffi@ ©Dabs sMppDbdl with ©©sstpltet© GNtfts at B©as@mab,(l©

Pp»<8©8«, Volume Four makes a Splendid Book.

BOUND IN HALF LEATHER AND DARK BLUE CLOTH FOR

OlsTLY 50 CENTS.

SEND THEM TO THE CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE, H BY ELDER JOHN NICHOLSON.

Gives a simple system for enabling young men and others to acquire a knowledge of the doctrines of the Gospel as understood by the Latter-day Saints, and the ability to preach them.

fit tp©ats ©y©% wipera tfo© (i%st PpiriD©?p!)©s* THE LEADING SCRIPTURE PASSAGES ON THE FOLLOWING SUBJECTS AEE GIVEN IN FULL—

Faith and Works; Repentance;

Baptism—its necessity, mode and object; The Holy GhoH; Organization and Officers of the Church',

Preaching the Gospel to departed Spirits; Baptism for the Dead; The Universal Apostasy; Divine Authority; Restoration of the Gospel in the latter days.

All the principal passages on tlural Marriage are also given.

It contains a treatise on preaching, showing some of the causes of failure and how to avoid them.

THE PRICE IS 25 CENTS A COPY, cr 20 cents when more than six are ordered.

For sale at the Deseret News Office.

M. E. CUMMINGS.

n DVT.A1 1ST STREET, PABLOR, COOKING, HEATING, OFFICE and BEDROOM STOVES,

JE3 ML^^&Z ^GS-^^HLJWrMr'"UMNI8M A KITCMJEN.

t© SALT LAKE CITY and OG-DElSr, UTAH, -GENERAL AGENT FORSCHUTTLER FARM AND FREIGHT WAGONS, AND DEALER IN OPEN BUGGIES, TOP BUGGIES AND PH/ETONS, SPRING WAGONS AND ROAD C1RTS.

A Lai-ge Assortment which will be Sold at ve?y low Prices.

HEADQUARTERS IFOR AGEIGfJLTO&AL IMPLEMENTS, Of all kinds and having the latest Improvements, among which are the following novelties:

The Fnust Hay loader, The Champion Hat} Higher and kaader, iqorse Ha# Forks and Carriers, AND THE CELEBRATED Centrifugal Irrigating (Pump, Ifuckeye Reapers and J/Lowers,

Sweepstakes and JAinnesota Chief Threshers, garbed Fence Wire, (JDederick Hay (Presses and Hoisting Engines,

Steam Engines, Saw JAills, Flour J/Lills, Wood Working Jdaahinery of all kinds,

Leffel 1~arhine Wheels, Knowles (Pumps.

CALL AND SEE THEM, OR WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS.

T XX 13 JS3B.A. KL ^3 Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The fioorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

OLEN GOODS Durable Plain, Twilled and Dress Flannels I

While, Grey and Mottled Blankets!

Shawls, Yams, Tweeds, Lindseys!

ATJOHIT C- Old.

Constitvution.

33-o.ild.in.gr-

Gs-oijxr r^TIME O SOUTH.

CARD.^ GOIKTG NORTH, STATIONS.

Ogden, Depart Kaysville Farmington...

Woods Cross..

Salt Lake, Ar_ Salt Lake, Dp.

Francklyn Lovendahls...

Sandy Draper Lehi Junction.

Lehi American Fork PleasantGrovo Provo Springville...

Spanish Fork.

Payson Santaercin....

Nephi Jnao Deseret Milford Frisco, Arrive Atlantic Express.

7.00a.m, 7.45 8.12 8.30 7.00a.ra.

7.18 7.26 7.3'i 7.46 8.14 5.19 8.27 8.36 9.00 9.12 9.24 9.42 9.55 10.42 11.15 "Ar.JUAB Pacific Park City Mail and Express.

Express.

Express.

10.30a.m.

6.10p.m 11.10 6.50 11.24 7.03 "11.41 7.21 12.00 m.

7.40 8.30a.m 9.05 9.18 9.S2 9.50 3.05p.m.

3.23 3.31 3.41 3.51 4.19 4.24 4.32 "4.41 5.05 5.17 5.29 5.47 6.00 6.47 7.45 11.50 6.30a.m 8.30 *5 0) cd o> Cg O <V is V. > STATIONS.

Frisco, Depart Milford Deseret Juab Nephi Santaquin Payson Spanish Fork.

Springville...

Provo PleasantGrove Americsn Fork Lehi Lehi Junction.

Draper Sandy Lovendahls....

Francklyn Salt Lake, Ar.

Salt Lake, DpWoods Cross...

Farmington...

Kaysville Ogden, Arrive Pacific Express.

6.10a.m 6.29 6.46 7.00 7.40 Atlantic Erpress.

Park City Express.

Mail and 7.60a.m 7.18 7.32 7.45 8.20 4.00p.m.

6.10 11.45 4.4 tia.m.

5.19 6.05 6.19 6.39 6.52 7.28 7.52 8.00 8.09 8.14 8.44 8.54 9.04 9.12 9.30 4.00p.m 4.19 4.36 4.50 5.30 1.40p.m 2.14 3.00 3.14 3.34 3.47 4.00 4.24 4.32 4.41 4.46 5.14 5.24 5.34 5.42 6.00 7.40p.m, 7.59 8.16 8.30 9.10 JOHN SHARP, Genl.Supt.

JAMES SHARP, Asst. Genl. Supt.

FRANCIS COPE, Genl. F. &. P. Agt.

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE RAILWAY.

TIME C-A-iaX).

FEOM THE SOUTH.

FR.03SA THE nsrOTtTH.

Accomodation Train.

Pacific Express.

Springville Accom'd'n.

Atlantic Express.

Springville Accom'd'n.

,.„,_ 5.47 a.m.

5.52 7.47 9.22 10.02 10.57 11.52 12.43 pm.

,.32 2.13 2.28 '« 2.43 i.02 4.58 '« Leaves OGDEN 8.42 a.m.

8.57 9.20 9.29 9.43 «« 10.05 2.47 p.m.

SCHOFIELD p.:v. JUNCTION CLEAR CRBEK HOOPER 3.02 12.51 a.m.

1.50 2.14 2.49 3 22 3.36 3.50 4.12 4.21 4.29 5.07 5.22 5.29 5.32 5.48 KAYSVILLE 3.16 FARMINGTON, WOODS CROSS Arrive SALT LAKE CITY.

3.36 3.52 THISTLE.

SPANISH FORK SPRINGVILLE PROVO 4.1 6.57 a.m.

7.12 7.34 7.43 7.51 8.29 8.44 8-51 8.54 9.10 '« Passenger Trains Leave for points North at 5.58 a. m and y.20 a. m.

BATTLE CREEK...

AMERICAN FORK..

lehi;

DRAPER BINGHAM JUNC'N..

GERMANIA FRANCKLYN..

.

Arrive SALT LAKE CITY.

'602""'""Passenger Trains Leave S at 10.20 a.m.

Springville Tr alt take for tin Leaves at joints south of Springville 4.3'2 p.m.

I>. C. DODGE, Gen'l Manager, F. C. NIMS, Gen'l T'fe't Agt.,

XSEOiT'VEie, COL.

HENRY WOOD, Gen'l Supt., E. A. MUDGETT, Gen'l Agt. Pass. Dept.

s^.lt lake cxrv-zr.

rr^B:^: s^i^rr.^ ^ie:

'jezotj-tije}.

til \l HOUES SAVED the Missouri Kiver.via.

tlie ^^n5 fip^i mi lust, ii 1 Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

ZDiEi^r^rEJiR, &c bio o-^>^.n^riDE:r/"z\ Elegant Pullman Sleeping Gars and Day Coaches.

Best Ralroad Dining Halls.

P J FEYISN, W.

F. WHITE, Gen. Agt., Salt Lake City.

Gen. Pass. & T'k'tAgt.,Topeka, Kan.

S. V. DERKAIf, Traveling Agent.

UNION SCHOOL FURNITURE

CO., Sol Munufuoturera o:

t lie Celebrated AUTOMATIC 8CBQQL BEAT!

A great Improvement over all of her Styles.

DURABLE, CONVENIENT, COMFORTABLE In use in the leading Schools of the Country.

Already introduced at Nephi and 15th Wa?d, Salt Lake City.

Teachers'Desks, Recitation Desks, Hall Seats, Opera Chairs,

Maps, Globes, real Slate and Slating for Blackboard*, Heading Charts, Physiological Charts, Window Shades, Teachers'Registers, District

Blanks, and everything needed for School*.

Office Desks, in vaiious Styles of superior Workmanship.

Send for.full. Dascriptive Cataloguecontaining Elaborate Plans and Spec fications, or School Houses.

Add?\s>, O: H. R2CG5, General A^ent BOX 527, SA.L.T LAKE CITY.

q3 \3& _5> Tfto« Try it an'i you will buy no other.

YOUNG BROTHERS, Two Doors South of Z, C.

M.

I., Salt Lake City.

j«iiiHiiiigi!i;;i!i»lifl^ iiiiw:

:ij