vol.

iv.

MAY) 1883.

No - 8 - The Gflory of God is Intelligence.

THE OKTjllBUTOj?

A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNC MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

P. WELLS.

SAI/T LAKE CITY, ITAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MAY, 1883.

PAGE.

Jedediah M Grant.

II Tax System of India William Fotheringham I )eath of the Prince Imperial

Phil.

Robinson Flight of Joseph and Mary "John Lyon Sermons and Writings of the Frophets.

VIII.

Resurrection of the Di ad yoseph Smith 1 '.li-inents of Success J. H Ward Waiting for the Harvei-t H.

W.

Naisbilt A Moquis Race H.

J.

Grant Atheism and Infidelity.

II y.

L.

Robison.

In the Wake of the Church.

IV.

Carthage Jail R.

W.

Young Siyns of Christ's Coming.

V.

"Dispensation of the Fulness of Times."Robert S. Spence George A.Smith.

VII.

Palestine Tour M.in's Free Agency fames H.

Wallis Editorial:

An Interesting Volume '1 lie Indian Empire Origin of "Thanatopsis."Association Intelligence:

Semi-Arnual Conference Statistical Report of the Y. M. M.

I. A CLOTHING, BOOTS, SHOES, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

§twodm %¥W4 9 %m$ft4 IN THE L&It&E.

VABBBfi?JL€XdB 9 SAM &&HB €11 f, TXJ2STE 15 -A-ZtTID 13.

Three Performances!

Sixty Musicians from New York!

Six Famous Soloists and Chorus of 300 Voices fflERAL ADMISSION:

$1, Reserved Seats, $150 and $2.00.

Season Tickets Reserved for Two Persons, $8.00.

Parties coming by special trains may reserve single seats for $i oo each, but early application must be made to D. O. Calder, by te egraph or letter.

Excursion trains will run on all the Railroads.

uAcn 9 -HKGENERflli JJEEfWPISE,** | Opposite Z. C. M.

In EA WABEHOUSI,

Hi. id. & ^. "sroTTnsra-^ OOTS ^o SHOE 44 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

Greo.

A.. Lowe, SALT LAKE CITY and.

OGDEN, TJTAH, GENERAL AGENT FOR—

Willi FARM and FREIGHT WAGBR:

AND DEALER tN Open Buggies, Top Buggies and Phaetons, Spring Wagons and Road Carts.

A Large Assortment which will be Sold at very low

Prices.

Of all kinds and having the latest Improvements, among which are the following novelties:

The Foust Ijatj loader, The Champion Ijai) Eicher and loader, ijorse l^an, Forks and Carriers, 'AND THE CELEBRATED Centrifugal Irrigating (Pump, Fjuckeye Reapers and JJLow-ers,

Sweepstakes and Jvlinnesota Chief threshers, garbed Fence Wire, (Bederick Hay (Presses and Hoisting- Engines,

Steam Eng ines, Saw Jdills, Flour JVTills, Wood Working JAachinery of all kinds,

Lejfel Turbine Wheels, Knowles (Pumps.

CALL AND SEE THEM, OR WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS

\VM. JENNINGS, j AARON FAfiR, >im 1% WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

OFFEES A FULL LINE OF General (Qei^ghandise,|*# WHICH FOR VARIETY, iS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CITY-,w mmm-wmw* yJuYJty AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

"CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK,"AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, ETC.

EW COALYARD, CHARCOAL AMD WOOD YARD

Agent for Salt Lake City, for the Celebrated iiiiSA OFFICE, ta»?

j ™!J ^j nra i m OH II YARD, _/Vo. 127 Mxin Street, near J^arratt's Store.

On Second South Street, two blocks west of 77.

C.

I^ailwaj/.

MMitMM bj tho Tm at $@ &&, ZE^-^XjIF TOSST, $3.25.

In quantities of Three Tons, and less than Car Loads, $6.00;

in Car Loads, at Mine weights, $5.25 per Ton, delivered.

lit All Grades for all Purposes.

LARGE STOCK of WOOD and CHARCOAL constantly on h;nd.

Vol.

IV.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

MAY, 1883.

No.

S.

JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

Having completed his Southern mission in 1842, Elder Grant returned to Nauvoo.

He left thekind hearted people of Virginia with tears in their eyes.

They had learned the principles of life from his utterances and daily example, and loved him as the messenger of heaven sent to save them.

For five days previous to his departure, a protracted series of meetings was held at Burk's Garden, when hundreds attended and the Elders were kept busy preaching to the large congregations, and baptizing and confirming converts.

In June, 1843, Brother Grant went to Philadelphia to preside over the Church there.

He remained in that city, making many valued friends and officiating in the duties of his office, until March, 1844, when he again reached Nauvoo.

His stay, however, was short, for on the 9th of the following May he started, in company with Elders Woodruff and George A.

Smith, on a preaching expedition through Illinois, the intention being to continue the tour eastward through several

States.

From this mission, however, he was suddenly recalled, and was in Nauvoo at the time of the martyrdom of the Prophets, on the 27th of June.

He proceeded at once to carry the tidings of this awful tragedy to the Apostles and other Elders in the eastern States and resumed his station at Philadelphia.

Previous to leaving Nauvoo, July 2nd, he was married to Miss Caroline Vandyke, Bishop Newel K.

Whitney officiating.

His wife accompanied him to Philadelphia.

His mission there was made particularly remarkable by the position he took in regard to Sidney Rigdon's peculiar apostate doctrines and the efforts of his followers to establish his claim to the guardianship of the Church.

Certain letters which Brother Grant published upon these subjects were so clear, as were all his writings, and the strictures upon Rigdon's course so manifestly just, that they at once quelled the fears of the doubting Saints, and exhibited in plainness the true position of the faithful as well as the assumption of the ambitious apostate.

In May, 1845, Elder Grant returned to Nauvoo, and in the following winter received the blessings of the House of the

Lord, assisting, also, in administering those sacred ordinances to many others.

He-was among the first who left Nauvoo in the exodus of 1846, crossing the river in February, and with the body of the Saints turning his back upon the tyrannical oppression of mobs and treacherous friends to seek an asylum of peace in the fastnesses of the mountains of the great West.

He went east from Winter Quarters in the winter of 1846-7, on a short mission, during which he purchased the materials for making a flag, which for several years floated over "the land of the free and the homes of the blest"in this city, and was familiarly known as "the mammoth flag."After transacting important business in the interests of the exodus, he returned, in June, 1S47, to the Missouri River, and was appointed Captain of the

Third Hundred of the emigrating Saints

JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

which he successfully led to the Salt Lake Valley, arriving in the following October.

A year after, with characteristic energy and promptness, he went out beyond Fort Bridger with several men and teams to relieve President Willard Richards and company and assist them in.

May 26, 1849, he was elected Brigadier

General of the first brigade of the Nauvoo Legion, and October 23, 1852, was promoted to the Major Generalship of the First Division, which military office he held unto his death.

He was an efficient officer, valiant, energetic and just.

In the difficulties with the Indians he manifested considerable skill, and always was regarded as eminently jealous of the rights of the red men as well as of the safety of the whites.

In the fall of 1849, Elder Grant went to the States on business together with about forty missionaries, who elected him Captain of the company.

Among the number were President John Taylor,

Apostles Erastus.Snow, Lorenzo Snow, F. D. Richards, Bishop Hunter, Colonel Reese, Curtis E. Bolton and several other prominent Elders.

They had reached the banks of the Platte river some distance this side of Fort Laramie, and were camped for noon on a cold, wintry day, in a horseshoe bend of the river, when they were attacked by a large war party of the Cheyennes, who were painted and equipped for war, on their way out to engage with a hostile band of the Crows.

With the utmost energy the animals were got together and fastened, and a line in open rank formed from the river's bank to face the

Indians and prevent them from surrounding the party.

President Taylor, in writing to the Frontier Guardian, describes the appearance of the red men as follows "When they first appeared they were about three quarters of a mile from us, and as they were mounted upon excellent chargers they came with the rapidity of an arrow.

It gave us little enough time to gather our horses and prepare ourselves to meet our belligerent visitors.

Captain Shadrach Roundy ordered the horses to be gathered and securely tied to the wagons.

General Grant acted with great promptness and decision on the occasion, immediately forming us into line, leaving two of our number to tie the horses up.

The men showed great intrepidity, every man standing at his post undaunted.

The efforts of the Indians were to either break our line or turn our flank; but being repulsed at all points, they were brought to a dead halt about a rod and a half in front of us.

During all this they were shaking out the priming from their firearms and priming them anew.

Many placed their arrows to their bow strings—their lances in rest, and were wetting the ends,of their arrows with their mouths, that they might not slip too quick from the finger and thumb."

Bishop Hunter describes the scene at this moment as one of the intensest excitement.

Every white man stood with his gun cocked and primed, expecting each moment to receive the signal to fire;

indeed one or two raised their weapons,but were ordered in Gen. Grant's usually emphatic manner, doubled, to lower their guns. The advance warriors rode their animals furiously along the line of the white men, and showed great excitement and determination to fight.

They worked up a perfect frenzy of rage, and could hardly be restrained until their chiefs came to the front.

As they approached, President Taylor,

Captain Roundy and Curtis E. Bolton went forward to meet them.

They showed signs of peace, and exhibited a paper signed by Major Sanderson, commanding

Fort Laramie, certifying that "This tribe is friendly to the whites.'"During this parley, General Grant becoming impatient at the ferocious conduct of the younger warriors who were restless and eager for the fray, called Bishop Hunter from the line to the command, while he went forward to assist in the council with the chiefs.

The Indians were finally ordered to withdraw while the council proceeded.

They were presented with crackers, dried meat and tobacco, had a grand smoke, and after riding along the line twice,

TAX SYSTEM OF INDIA.

consented to shake hands and let the party proceed upon their way.

President Taylor further says:

"They very courteously filed to the right and left, and escorted us on our road till we came opposite their village.

They were about two hundred in number, and were of the tribe of Cheyennes, as they pronounced it.

They presented the most respectable appearance of any Indians I have met with.

Many of them were dressed in American style, with clothes of the best broadcloth, beaver hats, caps, etc.

And those who were dressed in Indian costume, displayed the greatest elegance of taste in their attire.

They were adorned with head dresses of feathers of the richest hues; and their various insignia of office, displayed a taste which is at once wild, romantic and beautiful.

They were mounted on excellent horses—richly comparisoned in many instances, and painted off in the most fantastic style;

they pawed the ground and champed their bits, and seemed as impatient of restraint as their riders.

The whole affair was truly grand, and notwithstanding the peculiar situation in which we were placed, we could not but admire the magnificent display which the lords of the prairie presented, as they dashed with lightning speed upon us, arrayed in all the gaudiness and pride of

Indian holiday attire.

The scene was rich, and exceeded any theatrical representation we have ever witnessed Messrs. Edward Hunter, Lorenzo Snow and myself, at the request of their chief, visited their encampment, which was about three miles off the road; we found there a large number of lodges, and were informed by a Frenchman that they numbered six hundred warriors.

They appeared to be wealthy, and I should think they had about three thousand horses, seen by us. We visited many of their lodges.

They appeared very friendly, but a little chagrined at the occurrence of the morning."The party pursued their way without further molestation.

Elder Grant accomplished the object of his mission and returned to the vallies in the following year, in charge of a merchant train.

Many interesting incidents, displaying the strong characteristics of their leader, occurred on this return journey, which make it ever memorable to those who were in the train.

Gratitude iz a word that you will find in the dictionarys, but yu will not find mutch ov it enny where else.

Josh Billings.

TAX SYSTEM OF INDIA.

The form of government, the nature of the laws for the administration of justice and the wise enforcement of the same, to a great extent, determine the condition of the people.

Another evidence of the people's happiness and prosperity is the enacting of wise provisions for the raising of revenue, to supply the pecuniary necessities of the government.

In this article I design to briefly set forth the systen of procuring revenue which has been in vogue in India from time immemorial.

Through the laxity of the law, and the power placed in the hands of the Zemindar, who is clothed upon with great authority, and acts as a middle man between the ryots or cultivators, who raise the crops, and the king who receives a very great portion of the produce, very grave controversies would frequently arise between the ryots and Zemindaries in collecting the revenues in their respective districts.

The rulers were much interested in the collection of the taxes, and to accomplish this the Zemindaries were vested with a portion of the powers of the government. They had a military force at their disposal, together with the police of the district, as well as the authority to try cases that would arise in the non-payment of the rents.

When the French held sway in India, according to the account of Sally

TAX SYSTEM OF INDIA.

the French statesman, in the year 1859, one hundred and fifty millions of French money in the shape of revenue were wrung from the people through the Zemindaries and their substitutes, while only thirteen millions found its way into the French exchequer.

In this manner the middle men of India fleeced the taxpayers and robbed the government of its legal revenues.

The taxable property as listed, the mode of assessment and being paid in kind, as set forth in their ancient books, convey an outline of the primitive state of the people.

The ordinance of Menu states on this particular subject:

"An eighth part, a sixth or a twelfth may be taken by the king, to be determined by the difference of soil and the labor necessary to cultivate it."The uncertainty here in relation to the amount of tax to be collected through the quality of soil, etc., gave the Zemindar, or middle man great latitude to impose great hardships upon the poor ryots.

The ruler through his district agents, may take a sixth part of the clear annual increase of trees, flesh meat, honey, clarified butter, perfumes, medical substances, liquids, flowers, roots and fruit; of gathered leaves, pot herbs, grass, utensils with leather or cane, earthen pots, and all things made of stone.

Of cattle, of gems, of gold and silver, added each year to the capital stock, a fifteenth part may be taken by the king.

When the rules of purchase and sale are ascertained, the law states, "the length of the way, the expense of food and of condiments, the charges of securing the goods carried, and the net profits of trade, let the king oblige traders to pay taxes on their saleable commodities, after full consideration, let a king so levy those taxes continually in his dominions, that both he and the merchant may receive a just compensation for their several acts.

Let the king order a mere trifle to be paid in the name of the annual tax by the meaner inhabitants of his realm who subsist by petty traffic.

By law, handicraftsmen, artificers and servile men, who support themselves by labor, the king may cause work to be done for a day in each month."The law also states, "A military king who takes a fourth part of the crops of his realm at a time of urgent necessity, as of war or invasion, and protects his people to the utmost of his power, commits no sin.

The tax on the mercantile class, which in times of prosperity must be only a twelfth part of their crops, and a fifteenth of their personal profits; may be an eighth of their crops in a time of distress, or a sixth, which is the medium, -or even a fourth in great public adversity; but a twentieth on gains on money and other moveables is the highest tax.

Serving men, artisans and mechanics, must assist by their labor, but at no time pay taxes."All the lands in India belonged to the king, who looked to the Nabobs, who were subordinate district rulers in their respective districts, for the revenues or rents, and the Nabobs looked to the Zemindaries, the middle men, referred to, who when the rent was not forthcoming, would quarter themselves and posses upon the tillers of the soil, helping to eat up their scanty substance until the rent was paid.

By conquest, the soil of India became the property of the conquerors;

but they never interfered with the husbandmen or their bullocks and implements of husbandry, as long as the estimated revenue was collected. The rent of the lands was the property of the emperor, and the tenure of the ryots continued so long as they paid the rent.

If a ryot desired to change his residence the rude hut composed of mud and covered with thatch, in which he lived, and which he built by his own exertions, he could not dispose of it to another; this rude real estate being interpreted as a part of the soil, and hence the property of the king.

The only property possessed by the ryot was his few cows, buffaloes, pots, etc.

It was difficult for creditors to collect their accounts from this class of citizens, on account of their having no property in the soil.

Again the law protects the ryot, wherein a creditor cannot deprive him of his cattle, this deprivation would take out of his hand the means to cultivate the

TAX SYSTEM OF INDIA.

soil, which would result in an injury to the king, hence the creditors were obliged to resort to intimidation, or to hire a Brahman to sit in d'herni, as described in a former article.

The king, as the proprietor of the soil, was well protected by law, to ensure him his equitable returns from the land, against bad cultivation.

Menu states, "If land be injured by the fault of the farmer himself, as if he fails to sow it in due time, he shall be fined ten times as much as the king's share of the crop, that might otherwise have been raised; but only five times as much if it was the fault of his servants without his knowledge.

When the king felt disposed to make a gift of lands or revenue to any prince, he would cause it to be written on prepared cloth or copper, sealed with his signet.

The conveyance would specify the time, his name and that of his ancestors, and if the gift was land,the metes and bounds, etc.

The following is a description of a royal land grant, engraven on a copper plate, dated twenty-three years before Christ, and discovered among the ruins of Mongeyr, translated by Mr. Wilkins.

Assat. Researches, 1. 123.

"Be it known, that I have given the above mentioned town of Meseeka, whose limits include the fields where the cattle graze, above and below the surface, with all the lands belonging to it, together with all the Mango and Modhoo trees, all its waters, and all their banks and verdure:

all its rents, all its tolls and fines for crimes, and rewards for catching thieves.

In it there shall be no molestation, no passage for troops,"etc.

The foregoing briefly but clearly sets forth the various and peculiar channels, through which he received revenues.

Every district is studded over with villages, the inhabitants of which cultivate one or two thousand acres of land according to the population.

These villages resembled incorporated towns, and according to the ancient usages of the country, have the appearance of a small republic, and to a certain extent enjoyed the community of goods.

Every village viewed itself as a distinct society, the sole interests of which concerned all its inhabitants.

They all assisted each other, and the combined labors of all paid the rent.

Each according to his original interest received his proportionate profit.

In this division of labor, one man would go to market, while the others would attend to their respective labors, according to the occupation assigned them.

These organized villages were each presided over by an officer called the Potail, who was the head and had a general supervision of all the affairs of the village, settled all the disputes of the people, directed the police and collected the revenues within his village under the particular district Zemindar.

The next was the office of the Tallier whose calling was to protect persons traveling from one place to another, and to glean information of crimes and offences that were committed.

The business of the Totie was to guard the crops and to assist in measuring them.

The boundaryman had to watch that the limits of the village was not encroached upon, and in case where boundary disputes arose, would give evidence.

The water master saw to the water ditches and tanks, and the distribution of the water for agriculture.

The Brahman attended to the village worship, The schoolmaster spent his time in teaching the children to read and write.

The astrological Brahman posts the ryots, in relation to the lucky and unlucky periods for sowing and threshing.

Then came the blacksmith and carpenter who built the houses of the ryots and made the farm utensils, also the potter who made all the earthen vessels for the inhabitants of his village.

The washermen do all the washing; the barber all the shaving; the cow-keepers look after all the cattle; the doctor attends to all the sick.

The dancing girls do all the dancing for the whole village, during their numerous religious festivities;

also the poet and musicians perform their particular parts in making up the complete organization of the village.

The natives of India have thus lived from primitive times.

To conclude this article, I will make a quotation from a statement made by A.

DEATH OF THE PRINCE IMPERIAL.

Fraser Tyler, in a description of a village in Bengal:

"Under this simple form of municipal government, the inhabitants of the country have lived from time immemorial.

The boundaries of the villages have been seldom altered;

and though the villages themselves have been sometimes injured, and even desolated by war, famine and disease, the same name, the same limits, the same interests and even the same families have continued for ages.

The inhabitants gave themselves no trouble about the breaking up and division of kingdoms.

While the village remains entire, they care not to what power it is transferred, or to what sovereign it devolves;

its internal economy remains unchanged, the potail is still the head inhabitant, and still acts as the petty judge and magistrate and collector or renter of the village."William Fothcringham.

DEATH OF THE PRINCE IMPERIAL.

The causes of the Zulu war, of course, you all know.

The Zulu people had become so strong, that they threatened the security of the British colony of Natal.

They said they were going to "eat"us up, which means in that country, cutting you up into small pieces and otherwise annoying you.

Yes—they were going to eat us up, they said.

I had just finished the Afghan war—I don't mean by that, however, that I had myself brought it to a successful termination—but only that I had finished describing the campaign when the news came of the outbreak in

Zululand.

I started from Bombay for South Africa, and found the colonial forces trying to fight the Zulus by themselves.

About three days after my arrival, the Prince Imperial arrived.

I was in the same building as the Prince for the first few days after his landing.

I started with him up the country, and was therefore very frequently in his company for the next month.

I was in the same camp with him from which he went out to his death.

He was very fond of being written about and having his picture taken.

My friend Mr. Melton Prior, the artist of the Illustrated London News, shared a tent with me, and the

Prince was perpetually coming across to see us.

Indeed if he had not been a prince, he would have sometimes been a nuisance.

He was in the British camp as a guest of

Lord Chelmsford, and nobody could understand why he was there.

It was supposed by some to be a political dodge to ally England and France as against Germany and Russia, but whatever the purpose may have been,whether design or accident, it was certain the schemes of statesmen were frustrated by one of the most extraordinary occurrences that has ever happened.

The Prince was very fond of asking for little jobs of work to make himself, as he said, "useful"to Lord Chelmsford; several such jobs were given him, and one of these was to make sketches of the proposed lines of march.

On the occasion upon which he met his death, he was engaged in one of these commissions. Lord Chelmsford told him not to venture out unless he were accompanied by a Basuto guard.

No Zulu will venture himself to meet a

Basuto.

Any Basuto is more than a match for any Zulu; and the Zulus know this perfectly well, for they never think of attacking a camp that is guarded by

Basutos.

They never think of waylaying or ambuscading travelers who have a Basuto guide, because a Basuto is just twice as sharp as a Zulu.

As it happened, the Prince Imperial was standing outside my tent when the order came for the party to start. We were at the time examining a large ant hill in front of my tent.

The ants in Africa build large conical mounds, which are almost as hard as masonry, and stand almost three feet from the ground.

We were all digging holes with Zulu assagais into an ant hill to see what the internal economy of these insects was.

We were thus engaged when an orderly

DEATH OF THE PRINCE IMPERIAL.

came up and told the Prince that his horse was ready.

The Prince, in his characteristic and impetuous way immediately left us and got on his horse, which he did in an acrobatic, gymnastic way, a kind of a left handed vault.

He was excessively clever in mounting his horse in that way.

He jumped upon the horse which was probably sixteen hands high (it was the biggest horse in all the camp) and putting his spurs to the animal he was soon gone.

His escort, as it turned out, had not been mustered, and the result was the Prince rode out of camp with five colonial soldiers only, under the command of a British officer, Captain Carey, who with the Prince made seven, the total of the party, five of whom were of foreign birth.

They started off, and by the time the

Prince had finished his sketch, it was about two o'clock in the afternoon.

He suggested that the whole party should stop to water their horses and have a cup of coffee, and seeing at the bottom of the valley a small deserted Zulu village, they went down the hill.

There were one or two broken down huts and a large crop of corn—"Indian corn,"as we call it in Europe, "corn"as you call it in America, "mealies"as they tall it in Africa—grew on three sides of this kraal or village.

The Prince Imperial with an ignorance or recklessness which ought to have been corrected by the officer who was with him, said:

"We will go down into that valley and water our horses there, and have a cup of coffee and a cigarette."Now it was afterwards pleaded on behalf of Captain

Carey that the Prince Imperial was in charge of the party and not Captain Carey.

Now that, of course, is impossible, for if a British officer is with soldiers, he must be in command of the party.

The Prince Imperial was not even a soldier, and did not belong to the British army. He was there for his own amusement as a guest of Lord Chelmsford, but being very anxious to make himself useful, took charge of the party and gave all their orders.

If nothing serious had happened it would never have mattered, and the Prince might have eone on giving orders all the day long; but as affairs turned out, it was of the utmost importance to know who had been in actual charge of the party at the time, lest the blame should fall upon some one unjustly.

The Prince then directed the party to go down to the ruined kraal for their coffee.

They went down there, watered their horses, cooked their coffee and smoked their cigarettes.

One of their servants came back from the water, saying in the Zulu tongue, that he had seen a /Zulu across the water running up the hill on the opposite side.

The moment they heard this (it was interpreted to them by one of their party), the Prince said, "That looks like danger, we had better start."He pulled out his watch and said, "No, we will give the men another ten minutes."That ten minutes made all the difference of his life.

If turned out afterwards, nine Zulus traveling across the hills had seen the Prince's party coming down on the opposite side of the water, and to see what they were going to do, they crept down the hill unobserved.

They found them sitting on the side of the "mealies."The Zulus, as though these men had been wild animals,crept through the crop and got up within a few feet of them as they sat there smoking.

The Zulus, at that time, had not made up their minds to attack the party.

It is true they were nine and the others were seven.

They had found themselves beaten under better odds than that, and it was not their intention to attack.

But it appears that while they were sitting there, they heard the Kaffir servant come up with the news that he had seen a Zulu running up the hillside.

These Zulus hiding in the crop had seen the movement of dismay that the information caused in the party;

they also noticed and quoted it afterwards that the Prince Imperial was the one who said "No, we wont go away,"(that was their interpretation) "simply because we have seen a Zulu, we will stay here another ten minutes."And so ebbed away the last brief moments of the young Prince's life.

The ten minutes

DEATH OF THE PRINCE IMPERIAL.

over, he said, "It is time to go, Captain Carey."The Captain said, "Yes sir.""Stand to your horses!"continued the

Prince.

They all stood ready, "Prepare to mount!"and the men put their feet into the stirrups.

"Mount!"said the Prince, and the whole party sprang to their saddles.

But the word of command was hardly out of his mouth when a volley hroke from the mealies upon them. One of the party was killed on the spot, a second was wounded, but managed to lie across his horse, and was thus carried off.

The whole party then galloped away—all except one—that was the Prince Imperial.

Now the boy, as I have said, was in the habit of showing off his extraordinary dexterity in getting on to his horse without any kind of assistance.

He could leap on to it in any way you ever saw in a circus or military gymnasium.

In France he was in ttie habit of carrying off every prize for horsemanship.

But now that his very life depended upon it, with the help of saddles and holster and stirrups, he could not manage to reach the saddle.

The Zulus are the only authorities, of course, on the manner of his death, for they alone saw the Prince die.

They said that as soon as they fired the whole party bolted; that one of them in passing spoke to the Prince Imperial who was trying to mount, and the man himself (Letocq) told me that what he said (in French) was, "Be quick, sir, be quick, for the Zulus are coming through the crop!"The Prince never said a word, but took hold of the holster in front of his saddle and tried to pull himself up into his seat.

The holster broke off in his hand and he came down to the ground.

He still had hold of the bridle and tried again and again to get across his horse.

He tried to get his foot in the stirrup, but each time his foot slipped.

He once actually got off the ground, but fell again, and his horse trod upon him.

He held on to the bridle and tried to get on the horse a second time, but a second time he fell and the horse again trod upon him.

He then lost his hold of the bridle, and his horse galloped away after its comrades.

The Prince gathered himself up and looked around.

The Zulus were now in the open ground.

His friends (if you can call those men friends) were three quarters of a mile away and the Zulus but a few yards.

He stood up and looked full at his pursuers.

The Zulus say that there was something in the Prince Imperial's look that ought to have told them he was a king.

The Zulus have a a national tradition and superstition against shedding royal blood, and if they had known that he was of royal blood they would have spared his life.

They did not know it.

The Zulus say that when the Prince turned round the first time and seemed about to defy them there was something in his look and attitude that was unmistakably royal.

It looked as though he was going to fight.

The next moment he changed his mind, perhaps thinking he might catch his horse and reach his friends, he turned around and ran.

The Zulus fired at him, missing him.

The Prince ran sixty or eighty yards from them to a deep ditch, about sixty feet deep.

He reached the ditch and whether in jumping down or from the injuries he had received from his horse had weakened his leg—when they came up to the edge of the ditch he was standing with his back against the opposite bank with his sword in his left hand and revolver in his right.

They came up, and when they saw his revolver they naturally withdrew.

The Prince began to fire.

It was simply a toy kind of pistol, and he fired with no effect;

even if he hit them there was no serious result.

He threw away his revolver and changed his sword from his left to his right hand and waited for them to come on.

The Zulus, of course, were not going to jump into the ditch to fight him when they had an opportunity of killing him from the bank.

They came up to about six feet from him, and selected one of their number to kill him, who was a man much stronger than the others, and perhaps- known to have a better aim.

He selected from a bundle of assegais the sharpest and heaviest.

The others stood by to watch him.

He

FLIGHT OF JOSEPH AND MAR Y.

went as close to the edge as he could, drew back his hand and threw the spear.

It struck the boy in his right eye and passed through his head, probably paralyzing his sense of feeling even, if it did not actually kill him.

The Zulus say that he put up his hand, moved his sword back again into his left hand to draw the spear which was in his head, then made a military pass with his left hand and held it out, standing in the moment of death in an attitude of defense and defiance.

Then they came up to him and promiscuously, one after another, threw their assegais at him till the boy suddenly staggered, reeled and fell, facing his foes.

Phil. Robinson.

FLIGHT OF JOSEPH AND MARY* Far away o'er the sandy Egyptian soil,

Near the fertile fields, on the banks of the Nile,

All sunburnt and weary, two travelers lay

Neath, a cypress tree, in the noontide of day

A sage, and his lady, who held to her breast,

A sweet, lovely child in its slumbering rest;

Near a donkey, unharnessed, lay sleeping; at ease,

Half stretched on the sand, with its head on its knees.

Self-exiled, they had fled from a bloodthirsty hand, Ah! how friendless their state in a heathenish land;

Where the Pyramid's height, cast a sad, sullen gloom From those mountains of stone, o'er some kingmade tomb;

Where the Sphinx, half human, half beast-form portrayed The monstrous formations their artists had made;

Yet, amidst all these horrors of heat, gloom and fear, A friend, unexpected, moved silently near.

In a palanquin, borne by Egyptian slaves,

In which was a lady, who saw in amaze

The trio, embowered neath the evergreen tree,

Called a halt, and inquired if destitute, she Might lead them to some safer place of abode,

To an inn that was nigh, near the turn of the road.

She saw they were strangers, as she once had been A poor, wandering gypsy, now a Sultan's loved queen;

From the lowest of castes, from a soothsaying race, She'd been chosen for beauty in person and face;

On the child she looked smiling, examined its hands, And flesh marks, that fortune foretells by its brands, To know of its future, for good or for ill, Would be through its life, by her sibylic skill.

^Written on viewing an Egyptian picture.

Surprised—she seemed sad—and then suddenly said, "Ah! there is a cross and a shroud for the dead!

But this is its left palm, its right let me see Why, here is a crown and a sceptre says he

Will reign as a king, o'er a great fallen race, But the marks fail to tell of the nation or place,

Still I cannot define how this cross can refer To this sceptre and crown, he must certainly wear, For his right holds the power all his foes to subdue, Though they will be many, yet his friends will be true.

It all seems mysterious, opposing and strange,

To reign as a king, yet be killed in revenge.

Perhaps when his spirit's refined, it may be After death, he will reign in a higher degree;

Like the long transmigrated king Cheops of old,

He'll return after ages to reign as I've told.

So come, let us go where contentment and rest,

You will find in the inn, by my humble request;

Where you will remain just as long as you may, And I will be voucher for all you should pay."

MORAL.

Here the picture is left to conjecture, and throws

In fancy, the poet, to think or suppose;

In the inn they lived happy, had all they required From this lady of feeling, by heaven inspired:

Who knew not the strangers she honored and blest,'Nor the God who thus led her to save the distressed, Till the time passed away, and the tyrant was dead, Who sought the child's life, from whom they had fled.

So ends this strange tale of a sibyl's false art,

Who, led by her soothsaying, truth did impart;

Showing God in His wisdom, where demons intrude,

Make arts that are evil turn out for our good.

John Lyon.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

RESURRECTION OF THE DEAD.

Sunday, May 12, 1S44.

At a. m.

I preached at the stand.

The following brief synopsis of my discourse was reported by my clerk, Thomas Bullock:

The Savior has the words of eternal life.

Nothing else can profit us.

There is no salvation in believing an evil report against our neighbor.

I advise all to go on to perfection, and search deeper and deeper into the mysteries of Godliness.

A man can do nothing for himself unless God direct him in the right way; and the Priesthood is revealed for that purpose.

The last time I spoke on this stand it was on the resurrection of the dead, when I promised to continue my remarks upon that subject.

I still feel a desire to say something on this subject.

Let us this very day begin anew, and now say, with ail our hearts, we will forsake our sins and be righteous.

shall read the twenty-fourth chapter of

Matthew, and give it a literal rendering and reading; and when it is rightly understood, it will be edifying.

[He then read and translated it from the German.]

I thought the very oddity of its rendering would be edifying anyhow: "And it will preached be, the Gospel of the kingdom in the whole world, to a witness over all people;

and then will the end come."I will now read it in German.

[Which he did, andm any Germans who were present said he translated it correctly.] The Savior said, when those tribulations should take place, it should be committed to a man, who should be a witness over the whole world;

the keys of knowledge, power and revelations should be revealed to a witness who should hold the testimony to the world.

It has always been my province to dig up hidden mysteries—new things—for my hearers.

Just at the time when some men think that I have no right to the keys of the Priesthood—just at that time

I have the greatest right.

The Germans are an exalted people.

The old German translators are the most correct, most honest of any of the translators;

and therefore I get testimony to bear me out in the revelations that I have preached for the last fourteen years.

The old German, Latin, Greek and Hebrew translations all say it is true;

they cannot be impeached, and therefore I am in good company.

All the testimony is that the Lord in the last days would commit the keys of the Priesthood to a witness over all people.

Has the Gospel of the kingdom commenced in the last days?

And will God take it from the man until he takes it himself?

I have read it precisely as the words flowed from the lips of Jesus

Christ.

John the Revelator saw an angel flying through the midst of heaven having the everlasting Gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth.

The Scripture is ready to be fulfilled when great wars, famines, pestilence, great distress, judgments, etc., are ready to be poured out on the inhabitants of the earth.

John saw the angel having the holy Priesthood, who should preach the everlasting Gospel to all nations.

God had an angel—a special messenger—ordained and prepared for that purpose in the last days.

Woe, woe be to that man or set of men who lift up their hands against God and his witness in these last days;

for they shall deceive almost the very chosen ones My enemies say that I have been a true prophet.

Why, I had rather be a fallen true prophet than a false prophet.

When a man goes about prophesying and commands men to obey his teachings, he must either be a true or false prophet.

False prophets always arise to oppose the true prophets, and they will prophesy so very near the truth that they will deceive almost the very chosen ones.

The doctrine of eternal judgments belongs to the first principles of the Gospel in the last days.

In relation to the kingdom of God, the devil always sets up his kingdom at the very same time in opposition to God.

Every man who

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

has a calling to minister to the inhabitants of the world, was ordained to that very purpose in the Grand Council of heaven before this world was.

I suppose that I was ordained to this very office in that Grand Council.

It is the testimony that I want that I am God's servant, and this people His people. The ancient Prophets declared in the last days the God of heaven should set up a kingdom, which should never be destroyed, nor left to other people; and the very time that was calculated on, this people were struggling to bring it out.

He that arms himself with gun, sword or pistol, except in the defence of truth, will some time be sorry for it.

I never carry any weapon with me bigger than my penknife.

When I was dragged before the cannon and muskets in Missouri

I was unarmed.

God will always protect me until my mission is fulfilled.

I calculate to be one of the instruments of setting up the kingdom of Daniel by the word of the Lord, and I intend to lay a foundation that will revolutionize the whole world.

I once offered my life to the Missouri mob as a sacrifice for my people, and here I am.

It will not be by sword or gun that this kingdom will roll on; the power of truth is such that all nations will be under the necessity of obeying the Gospel.

The prediction is that army will be against army;

it may be that the Saints will have to beat their ploughs into swords, for it will not do for men to sit down and see their children destroyed patiently.

My text is on the resurrection of the dead; which you will find in the fourteenth chapter of John: "In my Father's house are many mansions."It should be, "In my Father's kingdom are many kingdoms,"in order that ye may be heirs of God and joint heirs with me.

I do not believe the Methodist -doctrine of sending honest men and noble minded men to hell, along with the murderer and adulterer.

They may hurl all their hell and fiery billows upon me, for they will roll off me as fast as they come on.

But I have an order of things to save the poor fellows at any rate, and get them saved;

for I will send men to preach to them in prison, and save them if I can.

There are many mansions for those who obey a celestial law, and there are other mansions for those who come short of the law, every man in his own order.

There is baptism, etc., for those to exercise who are alive, and baptism for the dead, who died without the knowledge of the Gospel.

I am going on in my progress for eternal life.

It is not only necessary that you should be baptized for your dead, but you will have to go through all the ordinances for them, the same as you have gone through to save yourselves.

There will be one hundred and fortyfour thousand saviors on Mount

Zion, and with them an innumerable host that no man can number.

Oh I beseech you to go forward, go forward, and make your calling and your election sure; and if any man preach any other Gospel than that which I have preached, he shall be cursed;

and some of you who now hear me shall see it, and know that I testify the truth concerning them.

In regard to the law of the Priesthood, there should be a place where all nations shall come up from time to time to receive their endowments;

and the Lord has said this shall be the place for the baptism for the dead.

Every man that has been baptized and belongs to the kingdom has a right to be baptized for those who are gone before; and, as soon as the law of the Gospel is obeyed here by their friends who act as proxy for them, the Lord has administrators there to set them free.

A man may act as proxy for his own relatives; the ordinances of the Gospel which were laid out before the foundation of the world have thus been fulfilled by them, and we may be baptized for those whom we have much friendship for; but it must first be revealed to the man of God, lest we should run too far.

"As in Adam all die, so in Christ shall all be made alive;"all shall be raised from the dead.

The Lamb of God hath brought to pass the resurrection, so that all shall rise from the dead.

God Almighty Himself dwells in eter-

ELEMENTS OE SUCCESS.

nal fire;

flesh and blood cannot go there, for all corruption is devoured by the fire. Our God is a consuming fire. When our flesh is quickened by the Spirit, there will be no blood in this tabernacle.

Some dwell in higher glory than others.

Those who have done wrong always have that wrong gnawing them.

Immortality dwells in everlasting burnings.

1 will from time to time reveal to you the subjects that are revealed by the Holy Ghost to me.

All the lies that are now hatched up against me are of the devil, and all the influence of the devil and his servants will be used against the kingdom of God.

The servants of God teach nothing but principles of eternal life; by their works ye shall know them.

A good man will speak good things and holy principles, and an evil man evil things.

I feel, in the name of the Lord, to rebuke all such bad principles, liars, etc., and I warn all of you to look out whom you are going after.

I exhort you to give heed to all the virtue and the teachings which I have given you.

All men who are immortal dwell in everlasting burnings.

You cannot go anywhere but where God can find you out.

All men are born to die, and all men must rise;

all must enter eternity.

In order for you to receive your children to yourself, you must have a promise, some ordinance, some blessing in order to ascend above principalities, or else it may be an angel.

They must rise just as they died; we can there hail our lovely infants with the same glory—the same lovliness in the celestial glory, where they all enjoy alike.

They differ in stature, in size;

the same glorious spirit gives them the likeness of glory and bloom; the old man with his silvery hairs will glory in bloom and beauty.

No man can describe it to you—no man can write it.

When did I ever teach anything wrong from this stand?

When was I ever confounded?

I want to triumph in Israel before I depart hence and am no more seen.

I never told you I was perfect;

but there is no error in the revelations which I have taught.

Must I, then, be thrown away as a thing of naught?

I enjoin you for your consideration.

Add to your faith virtue, love. etc.

I say, in the name of the Lord, if these things are in you, you shall be fruitful.

I testify that no man has power to reveal it but myself—things in heaven, in earth, and hell; and all shut your mouths for the future.

I commend you all to God, that you may inherit all things; and may God add His blessing.

Amen.

elements of success.

"Show thyself a man."1 Kings, ii:

2.

This was part of David's dying charge to Solomon his son.

The poet-monarch of ancient Israel was about to be gathered to his fathers. He had already placed the crown upon the head of Solomon.

As he stood upon the verge of his mortal existence he enjoyed with all a father's solicitude those principles which were well calculated to make his son's government successful and his name illustrious. He exhorted him, not to show himself a warrior merely, not a statesman merely, not a monarch merely, but a man, possessing the generous impulses of a man, and displaying a manly character in all his intercourse with men.

So Solomon understood him, and his government became the admiration of the world.

The proudest monarchs of earth came to behold his glory and the magnificence of his kingdom.

While others gloried in conquest and ruled as tyrants, he governed as a man, having common sympathies with those above whom he had been elevated by birth and fortune.

In our times there are various and contradictory opinions cherished in regard to what constitutes a manly course.

It is not every one that wears a masculine human form that can claim to be a man in the full sense of the term.

There are manv who live and move in

ELEMENTS OF SUCCESS.

society, who are destitute of the chief elements of a manly character.

They may profess to be honorable men.

Indeed many may consider their course as worthy of imitation. The gambler has his code of honor, the duelist has his code of honor, even the robber has his code of honor.

Napoleon was an honorable man in his way and the world ascribed to him many great and noble qualities;

he fought well, and conquered well;

his banner waved in triumph over many a bloody field, carnage and famine and death attended his steps and like the genius of evil he stalked abroad;

he was doubtless a splendid general and a brilliant emperor, but the child that wandered over the battle field, after his most triumphant charge, and wet with water the lips of the dying soldiers there, was far more exalted in the scale of being than was the plumed and epauletted chieftain.

Nelson was a skillful officer and died, as the world says, in all his glory.

His banner was his shroud, the roar of the cannon was his dirge and the shout of victory his requiem.

Thousands of leagues he traversed to build up England's greatness and scores of battles he fought to carry the terror of her arms to surrounding nations. In the history of ocean heroes his name stands foremost and those who love the navy have learned to honor t him.

But the poor sailor, who a few months since in a distant city braved the fire and at the risk of his own life saved a mother's only child, gained a truer glory than ever shone around the head of the distinguished admiral. How false—how unjust the estimate which the world places upon the actions of men.

He who rushes to carnage and to strife is a man of honor Parliaments and senates return him thanks, and when he dies whole nations unite in erecting a monument over the spot where sleeps his corpse.

But he whose task it is to dry up the stream of blood, to mitigate the anguish of earth—to lift man up and make him what God designed him to be, dies without a tongue to speak his eulogy, or a monument to mark his fall.

He only is truly honorable who does good to the body and soul of man—who contributes to human happiness or promotes the kingdom of God—who sacrifices his own interests that he may benefit others, who lays his own happiness, nay, even life itself upon the altar of a common humanity.

The true object of life has scarcely begun to be understood.

Too frequently men are attracted by the glitter and show of conquest, and worldly predominance.

They have pursued the phantom while the real and substantial have been sacrificed.

They have aimed at objects which have resulted in no good to the world.

They have built up systems of monstrous wrong.

Pelf has been the common centre around which they could make all things revolve like planets around their suns.

What then are the elements of true honor.

Wealth is not one.

In a multitude of cases the possessor of the richest inheritance and largest fortune has been found to have views and feelings not at all in proportion to the magnitude of his possessions.

There is a contingency about wealth which has nothing to do with moral or intellectual character.

It seems to be rained upon the human family by a capricious goddess who distributes her favors according to rules known only to herself.

At one time a monarch is her favorite.

She studs his throne with jewels and fills his crown with the richest diamonds.

At his feet she spreads out broad fields, well cultivated vineyards, beautiful palaces and shining towers, and as his admiring eye gazes over the scene, she whispers in his ear, "these are thine."At another time she fixes her eye upon a beggar boy as he asks for food from house to house, repulsed everywhere.

His hand she takes and leads him up as if by magic, through the various grades of society until she establishes him in a palace and fills his coffers with the shining gold.

Fair cheeked young men have sought to win her smile, but sought in vain, while she turned from them to bestow her gifts on some unsightly being on whom God's curse seems to have

ELEMENTS OF SUCCESS.

fallen.

The intelligent, the virtuous, the wise have knelt at her altar and breathed their supplications, but she has spurned them away and beckoned with friendly hand to sordid ignorance and vice.

Hence we find that wealth gives us no clue to character—furnishes us with no criterion by which we may judge of the dimensions of the man himself.

Birth and blood are not elements of true honor.

Royal veins are often found to flow with plebeian streams and crime and duplicity as often disgrace the palace of the monarch as the hovel of the slave.

Caesar was a monarch;

blood, of which after ages loved to boast, flowed through his princely temples. The crown was on his brow, the imperial crown of Rome.

At the foot of his throne proud nations nestled, and over all the known world his banner waved.

But had he an honorable character, was his bosom thrilled with manly emotion?

No.

Again Henry the Eighth of England was a mighty monarch.

He could trace his lineage through a long line of kings and emperors.

But was Henry truly honorable?

Every good man must answer, No.

Neither of these were honorable in the sight of God.

No living link connected them with the great heart of humanity.

True they ate and drank and slept like other men.

They wore the human form but aside from this, they moved through the earth like demons, smiting its flowers and withering its verdure.

On the other hand the world has seen beggars and slaves, in whose veins not a single drop of princely blood was flowing come forth from their low abodes, to startle the world with the brilliancy of their lives, wake up the race to angelic deeds and produce a wonderful change throughout all the ranks and grades of human society.

Euclid was an Ethiopian slave; yet he taught the world Geometry.

Mohammed was a camel driver in the deserts of Arabia yet he founded a system of religion which has continued for more than twelve centuries, and embraced among its votaries untold millions of the human family.

Look again at Luther. He bore no tokens of royalty.

From a cloistered cell he came a shaven monk.

In his hand he bore no scepter, on his head no crown.

But he had a human heart within him and it gushed out for human woe.

Such was Wilberforce the pioneer of freedom, such was

Howard the reformer of prisons, such was William Lloyd Garrison the antislavery agitator, and a host of others who have stood for right and breasted the world's dark tide for the good of men.

Intellect does not constitute true honor.

I acknowledge its superiority over wealth physical power and brute force, but a mere intellectualist is not a man.

The possession of intellect gives proof that one is fitted to be a man, and the use of that intellect shows to what extent he is a man.

In every department of science and literature will be found the names of men of vast power and intellect who were well fitted by nature to become honorable men, but who, by the perversion of that intellect, have proved that they were not so.

Among the poets you see Byron standing in the first rank.

The grasp of thought, the clear conception, the elevated diction, the elegant language are seen at a single glance.

As an intellectualist, he stands almost beyond the power of criticism; and that is a bold man indeed who dares to hurl a shaft at the literary merits of his productions.

But what is the tendency of the works of Byron?

Will his writings do good or evil.

I hesitate not to say, as others have done before me, that they tend to corruption, that they are calculated to sink the feelings of the reader, corrupt his taste and deprave his heart.

Among historians stands conspicuously the name of Gibbon.

And if the question were asked, "Who was he?"the answer would come from nearly every intelligent man or woman, "He was one of the world's most distinguished writers.

His 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire,'will continue to be read with interest so long as the world stands.

His name will be remembered so long as time endures."But Gibbon was an infidel as well as an historian.

Skepticism is interwoven with all that he has writ-

ELEMENTS OF SUCCESS.

ten, and to the last age will be handed down with his grand history, his attempts to subvert the principles of truth, and destroy man's hope of heaven.

Look again at Thomas Paine, Alexander Dumas and Robert

Ingersoll, what powers of mind, what vast capacity for labor, what unwearied perseverance in catering to the public taste and all perverted, all used to debase man and sink him to a level with the brutes.

Towering intellect when used for unholy purposes is a curse not only to its possessor but to all who come within the circle of its fatal influence; and better far would it be for the world to be without those splendid intellects than to have them devoted to the service of Satan.

Thus we see that wealth, noble birth or great intellect does not necessarily cause the possessor to have an honorable character.

Of all the elements of success none are more vital than self-reliance.

"Help yourself and heaven will help you,"should be the motto of every young man who would make himself useful in the world or carve his way to riches or honor.

God never intended that strong, independent beings should be reared, by clinging to others for support like the ivy to the oak, like the vine to the pillar.

The difficulties, hardships and trials of life—could we but read them rightly—

are positive blessings.

They knit our muscles more firmly and teach us selfreliance,just as by wrestling with one who is superior to us, we increase our own strength and learn the secret of his skill.

Read the history of the rich and poor in all countries; and you will find that almost invariably the lucky fellows, as they are called, began life at the foot of the ladder.

In most instances the only money which really benefits a young man is that which he himself has earned.

But why confine ourselves to those who have gained wealth.

Whence come the great lights of the intellectual firmament, the stars that shine with steady radiance through the ages.

Have they not in the vast majority of cases emerged to eminence from the chilling depths of obscurity, destitution and want?

They were not the sons of the rich, who were dandled in the lap of luxury, whose path was smoothed for them at every step.

No!

They were those who were compelled to fight against the armed resistance of misfortune, poverty and wrong.

They were men of humble parentage whose cradles were rocked in lowly cottages and who have buffeted the billows of fate without dependence save upon the goodness of God and their own strong arms.

These are the true gentlemen, who have trodden under foot the painted lizards of society and worked out their own destinction with an order that could not be quenched and a perseverance that considered nothing as accomplished while anything remained to be clone.

The great men of Utah—who were they?

Were they not all sons of toil?

Let us imitate their example, and recognize the wisdom of the law of heaven which declares, "by the sweat of thy brow thou shalt eat thy bread."Read the history of the great men of America—Runford, Rittenhouse, Franklin,Washington, Lincoln and many others.

They were all sons of toil.

Most of the great men of the world have gained their positions by means of unremitting industry.

Read the history of the late Senator and Vice-President

Henry Wilson.

In a speech which he delivered in his native town, a short time before his death, he said:

"I was born in poverty. Want sat by my cradle.

I know what it is to ask my mother for bread when she had none to give. A dollar would cover every penny I spent before'I was twenty-one years of age.

The first month I worked after I was twenty-one years of age, I went into the woods, drove team, cut saw-logs and chopped wood.

I rose early in the morning, before daylight, and worked hard until after dark each night; and at the end of the month I received the magnificent sum of two dollars;"and he added, "those dollars looked as large to me as a full moon in a September night."The brown jacket of the mason or carpenter, besmeared with lime or cov-

ELEMENTS OF SI CCESS.

ered with dust, is as honorable as the broadcloth of the merchant whose ships are in every port.

The immortal Washington was not ashamed to acknowledge himself a farmer.

When his country required his services, he went from his field to the Presidential chair, and when he had finished his mission, he retired to his toil again.

The best and greatest men we have are found to be those who regard labor as an honor rather than a crime.

An amusing anecdote is related of the late Professor Stuart of Andover, one of the best scholars of the age, which illustrates a correct idea concerning those who despise labor.

A young man, who was attending "'",o college under the Professor's charge, had occasion to buy a load of wood and was greatly perplexed because he could not find a person to saw it for him.

In his difficulty he applied to Professor Stuart, and asked him what he should do.

The aged and learned Professor replied that "he was out of a job himself, and he would saw it for him."Correct business habits are essential to success.

Young men are peculiarly exposed to temptations.

For example, the clerk is frequently taught to inform the customers that certain goods cost such and such a sum, that they are durable and fashionable, when he knows these things are precisely false.

Not seldom is the ignorance of the purchaser made the opportunity for a good trade;

and clerks and apprentices are taught to look upon such fraud as a harmless transaction.

In these and a thousand other ways the principles of a genuine honesty are shamefully violated.

What though a man does make a momentary advance in his business by his dishonesty!

What though at the end of each year he is a hundred dollars richer than he would have been but for this fraud!

What though he may enlarge his business and beautify his residence!

Will not the vengeance of a just God follow him?

Will not the memory of his illgotten gains canker and rust his soul?

Will not the consciousness of his dishonesty haunt him like Hamlet's ghost, until he shall acknowledge the truth of the words of an inspired writer, "there is that which maketh rich, but the end thereof is not good."There is no trait of human character so potential for weal or woe as firmness.

To the business man it is all important.

Before its irresistible energy the most formidable obstacles become as cobweb barriers in its path.

Difficulties, the terror which causes the pampered sons of luxury to shrink back in dismay, provoke from the man of lofty determination only a smile.

You have all heard the story of Richard Brinsley Sheridan, the great Irish orator.

When he first attempted to speak in public he was so timid that he was obliged to sit down in the midst of a speech.

Convinced of the cause of his failure and mortified at it, he said to a friend one day, "it is in me and it shall come out."From that moment he rose, and shone and triumphed in a consummate eloquence.

Plere was true moral courage.

Again, we have all heard the famous answer of John C. Calhoun.

It is said that when he was attending school he was laughed at by his fellow students for his unremitting application to his studies.

"Why, sirs,"he replied to them one day, "I am forced to apply myself to my studies that I may acquit myself creditably when I get to Congress."A loud laugh followed.

"I tell you, if I did not believe myself capable of reaching the house of Congress, within the next three years, as a representative of my native State, I would leave college this very day."How pregnant the lesson these incidents convey!

How many instances there are in which inglorious defeat ends the career of the timid and desponding, when the same tenacity of purpose would crown it with triumphant success.

Let every young man thus have faith in himself and take earnestly hold of life, and soon he will have those very boons whose absence he now bewails.

Instead of repining and dreaming that if he only had friends and influence and education he would be something, let him remember that, as Horace Greeley says, he is looking through the wrong

ELEMENTS OE SUCCESS.

end of the telescope—that if he really was something he would soon have friends and education and influence.

Let him remember the words of Longfellow, "The heights by great men reached and kept,

Were not attained by sudden flight;

But they, while their companions slept,

Were upward toiling in the night."

There has existed a notion in times past, and it still exists to some extent, that age alone can accomplish great deeds.

Hence we are apt to pass by our young men and deem them unworthy of notice because their heads are not covered with silver locks.

I admit that age has the benefit of a longer experience, and old men are likely to act with more prudence and caution, but I also contend that young men may put forth efforts which will lead to the most important results.

I have gathered from history a few facts bearing upon this very point, which will clearly illustrate my position. Alexander the Great was less than thirtythree years old when he subdued his enemies in Greece, passed over into Asia, conquered the whole of Asia Minor, Syria, Egypt and Persia, besides countless smaller kingdoms and a large part of India.

Hannibal, the Carthaginian general, the most formidable enemy that Rome ever had, was made general at the age of twenty-two.

By the time he was twenty-eight he had driven the Romans from Spain and France, crossed the Alps and, by the battle of Canna?, brought Rome itself in danger.

Napoleon Bonaparte, at the early age of twenty-seven, was made general of the

French armies; he subdued Italy, overran Egypt and humbled

Austria, and eventually crowned himself Emperor of

France before he reached the age of thirty-five.

Washington, at the age of twenty-two, fought by the side of General

Braddock, and after Braddock's death took command of the Colonial army.

Lafayette, at the tender age of eighteen, stood shoulder to shoulder with the most distinguished officers of the Revolutionary army, and at twentvfour led on the National Guards of France.

If we turn to literary men, orators and philosophers, we find numerous examples to illustrate the same idea.

Lord Bacon, at the early age of sixteen, conceived the idea of overthrowing the philosophy of Aristotle, and openly expressed his opposing views.

William Pitt entered the House of Parliament at the age of twenty-two;

at twenty-four he became Prime Minister of England, and for many years conducted with wisdom and ability the complicated affairs of that great nation.

Robert Burns gave to the world some of his most exquisite poems before he had reached the age of twenty-seven, and Byron had written that wonderful poem, "Childe Harold,"before he reached the age of twentythree.

If we should take from the world what has been done by her young men, history would lose half its charms—

half the brilliant deeds it now records with triumph and satisfaction.

There is no class of persons capable of accomplishing more.

Should our young men, in one firm, united band, set their faces against vice of every description, the effect would be instant and irresistible.

Half the dram shops would be closed;

half the gambling saloons would be deserted and silence would reign in many a hall of revelry.

We all sustain certain relations to each other; we are children of one common Parent, we are the heirs to one common inheritance.

Go to the wildest spot on earth and find the most degraded being within the limits of the race, and in that degraded being you find one for whom Christ died.

The Sandwich Islander as he lifts his hands to God, the wild Indian as he rushes from his jungle ready for blood, are all our brethren.

God has formed this relationship for us, and we cannot divest ourselves of it even if we would.

To live for self is not the great end of our being.

No! We have a higher calling—a more glorious destiny. We were made to do good to others.

It depends on us, in a great measure, to say how

WAITING FOR THE HARVEST.

far the burning waves of vice shall sweep on and where they shall be stayed.

The monster with whom we have to contend is more powerful than kings and emperors, and will not be defeated without a struggle.

It is the work of humanity—the work of (lod, and must ultimately triumph.

Though we may not live in this mortal sphere to see the end, yet from our happy rest beyond the vail, we shall be eye witnesses in the hour of triumph.

Let us invoke the assistance of God overhead, and do our duty well.

In the evening of life every effort to stay the tide of crime will be looked upon with high and holy satisfaction.

The memory of every good deed will be sweeter music than can be purchased with all the wealth and honors and noisy parade of empires.

/. H.

Ward.

He who hates an enemy gives him more reason for animosity;

he who shuns him creates the suspicion that he hates him; he who forgives him always triumphs over him;

he who loves him makes him a means of good.

WAITING FOR THE HARVEST.

There is an ever-abiding anxiety in the breast of the conscientious worker, in the field of human advancement, in regard to the result of his labors; and hope is very often the only stimulus to persistence, in experience with the instructable and indifferent elements of life; the rank undergrowth and wilderness of "a clearing,"to the frontier forest farmer, is in fair analogy with the worker in the uncleaned and uncultivated soil of mental and spiritual ignorance, and obstacles seem almost insurmountable for one lifetime or one individual.

No matter how indefatigable or how devoted in either case, success is often problematical, and faith is often only blended with hopeful labor because of some understanding of the nature of things, rather than from any pronounced evidences of progress, or tangible prospects realized in partial experience.

With the advent of spring and the consequent crowding of necessary labor, there is usually a suspension of the opportunities which the leisure and long nights of winter seem to invite, yet there is surely interest enough to create reflection and to invite inquiry, such as might be expected from a husbandman in the fall as to his success after ploughing, harrowing, seeding, watering and harvest; but there is this difference between those engaged in the culture of the soil, and those engaged in the culture of the moral, mental or spiritual faculties of organization, which contains within itself more or less power of selfhelp or otherwise of defiant or passive resistance.

The soil must submit itself to the operator, to the power of manurial stimulus, to the disintegrating power of frost, to the genial shower, and to the silent yet irresistible force of the solar ray;

men are liable to self will, to opposing element, to the canker worm of indifference, and to the searching power of the rust which comes of sad disuse.

Yet the intelligent laborer exercises patience, he "sows the seed beside all waters,"he hearkens to the admonition of the Prophet, "In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand, for thou knowest not which shall prosper, this or that;"he senses also as a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, that one wiser than he hath declared, that while "Paul might plant and Apollos water—it is to a higher source that he must look for blessing—God giveth the increase."An incident of experience may be used to buoy up the spirits, and increase the hope, and arouse the faith of many who are readers of the Contributor, and acting officers in the Mutual Improvement Societies throughout this Territory; and if we go further back than may seem needed for the force of

WAITING FOR THE HARVEST.

the illustration, probably there are those to whom even the details in extenso will be of more than passing interest.

England was in the very whirlwind of political excitement, organization within her borders was among the masses almost everywhere universal the continent of Europe was also seething with political ferment, finally culminating in the flight of Louis Phillippe and the revolution of 1S4S.

A large measure of reform had been conceded by the British Parliament, yet there was much discontent, trade was stagnant and "the sliding scale"of a landed aristocracy, in regard to the importation of food, was but too transparent as a scheme for keeping up the prices of the farmer's produce, and consequently rents; there must always be under artificial scarcity a dangerous clamoring for bread, and, growing out of want, more inquiry in regard to the nature of political supremacy; demagogues are always in plenty;

conspirators grow like Jonah's gourd in the baleful shadows of popular discontent; hence came that vast organization for an armed determination to secure the passage of what is known in the political history of England as "The people's Charter."It seems at this date, and with some knowledge of American institutions, to have been simply asking for ordinary justice, but in conservative England it was revolutionary, the "five points"were: "universal suffrage,""vote by ballot,""equal electoral districts,""ho property qualifications and payment of members,"including "annual parliaments;"there was a large section of "the chartists"who aimed to secure legislation by agitation, another section proposed in the event of non-success, an appeal to arms; of this latter class among the most prominent were the famed trio, Frost, Williams and Jones, who were arrested, tried and declared guilty of treason, and suffered the ancient sentence, "to be hung, drawn and quartered;"they were the last to be thus sentenced for political offense under the government of Great Britain, and in obedience to the merciful disposition of that government, this was commuted to banishment and labor in the penal colonies.

Among the more moderate was the well known Fergus O'Conner, and among the most dauntless of the orators of the time was the brilliant and half worshipped Henry Vincent, who with many others was sentenced to four years imprisonment—under the silent system in the castle of the old city of York.

About this time certain discoveries had been made of historic importance in regard to the era of "the commonwealth,"and particularly in regard to the real character of the hero Cromwell, whose designs and reputation had been colored or blackened by royalist writers prior to these discoveries, quite universally. To popularize this information, so fully established by the lion hearted Thomas Carlyle, the magnetic oratory of

Vincent had been secured soon after his term of imprisonment expired, and in every large town and many small ones of England, his course of six lectures of "the life and time of Cromwell"(based upon Carlyle) was a continuous ovation and success.

Curiosity led the writer of this sketch to listen in Liverpool to this course, there was an anxiety to know the secret, which could move so wondrous a power as the government of England to prosecute and imprison men who really only belonged to the ranks of the people.

.

To see and hear so resistless an orator was to partly understand, for to voice a grievance or arouse the passions of men in a just cause, there is nothing"more potent than the human voice, inspired of a sympathetic heart; the lecturer was a finished workman, the fervor and pathos infused into his topic bespoke a master mind, and as the flood rolled to a very Niagaratic torrent of invective or laudation he moved his audience as the wind might sway a field of corn.

O, what a treat it was to see the crowded audience spellbound by the magician's voice!

What a treat to listen to that marvelous word-painting which gradually caused to melt away the walls of the concert hall, and brought you face to face with the vivid, living, real actors in that the most stirring period

3oo WAITING FOR THE HARVEST.

almost in the annals of a nation's life!

In giving details of many contests which finally ended in the complete subjugation of the royalist forces, the execution of Charles, the dissolution of "the long

Parliament"and the recognition of the

Lord Protector Cromwell, the effect was startling and overpowering, one only must be given by way of illustration.

The Roundheads, under Cromwell, were engaged in reducing the strongholds of the Cavaliers in Ireland, the forces of the royalists were in possession of the entrenched castle of Dunbar;

it was almost invulnerable in the then condition of warfare, but the "Ironsides"were there, the morning of the attack had come, and to give impetuosity to the soldiery, Cromwell was personally in command; as he passed up and down the ranks his nerve and faith gave power in reserve to the waiting host; and when he proclaimed the battle cry "the Lord of Hosts is with us!""the Lord of Hosts is with us!"it was as if destiny held in suspense, for the moment, the supreme period of decision! Then came the dreaded word "charge!"and as the lines came nearer and the shock of battle was surging around the foundations of the old fortress, the besieged began to give way and victory waited upon a God-fearing army resisting oppression.

The sympathies of the audience in the gallery were brought so fully into unison with the rushing impetuosity and magnetic power of the speaker that they rose e?i masse to watch the contest (as the master limned it) on the plains below, and when as he stood on tiptoe, with eyes aglow and lips aflame to tell the utter rout of the enemy and the complete triumph of the besiegers, the tension was so great a pin dropping would have almost startled the audience as they stood

This, to the writer, was simply wonderful;

it was the first and last, the grandest triumph of the power of words, and the exclamation came involuntarily to the lips, "if God will give me something to say, and the ability to say it, I will esteem this as the greatest, the one best gift to me!"When "Mormonism"was heard, the writer found his topic, and life has been given to an intelligent understanding and elucidation of its doctrines, but the latter half of the then Impulsive expression is as yet unrealized after the experience of so perfect an ideal.

Gathered to Zion, after many years, this same intrepid advocate of human rights, and uncompromising teller of half unwelcome truths came to Utah.

After delivering (by request) one of his lectures as a synopsis of the whole on

Cromwell, the writer had the pleasure of dining with him at the residence of Mr. Wm. Jennings; over dessert was recapitulated the above experience, when the sensitive, heart-touched man said, as the tears ran down his cheeks, "Ah, Mr.

I have many a time from public ministration and the platform, in my travels at home and abroad, gone to my bedchamber and felt disheartened and discouraged because of the little good that I seemed to be doing;

but now,"said he, "I come seven thousand miles from my native land and in the desert, in despised Utah, I find one who dates his most profound impressions of desire to do good from listening to me many years ago The listeners were all sympathetic, and felt that it was good counsel given of old, "cast thy bread upon the waters, and it shall be- seen after many days."Our local laborers, then, may take courage if results are not always apparent, for yet, in all the missionary fields of the earth, in the Senate chambers of many States, in the central seat of government, amid the royal courts of nations, and in countless humble spheres of life, there will be those yet testify that the first impulse received its motion, the first word its utterance, the first thought its expression, the first act its force and inspiration from quiet words, from simple counsel, from earnest prayer and devoted faith, while pursuing in silence and comparative obscurity the duties of the hour in Mutual Improvement Associations, under the direction of the anointed of God.

Courage, brethren!

Patience, brethren! Work while it is called to-day, and in due season you shall reap, if you faint not.

EI. W. Naisbitt.

A MOOUIS RACE.

\o\ A MOOUIS RACE.

Amonc;

the many interesting sights seen by our party in visiting the seven Moquis yillages, I witnessed none more, pleasing to me than one of their grand foot races.

The runners were divided into companies, varying in number from ten to twenty-five; each company representing a competing workshop. A peculiar feature of the race was that each company was required to keep a ball ahead of it.

I was informed that these balls were made of different materials;

the one I examined I found to be about two and one-half inches in diameter, and made of solid rock.

When our party arrived at the Oriba village, that is, within about one-half a mile of the village, which was as near as we could get with our teams, we concluded to take lunch before entering.

Shortly after camping, we were, however, visited by an old Oriba chief named

Tuba, who informed us that the Indians were preparing for one of their long races.

This information, on account of the Oriba races having became so celebrated, caused us to finish our lunch in double-quick time and to start for the village at a rapid gait, hoping that we might be there in time to see the start.

We had only proceeded a few steps, however, when we observed the runners coming on at full speed.

Some of us started ahead of them and ran for the "come out,"hoping to get as near as possible to that point, so as to witness the finish.

It was up hill and very sandy, and we only ran a short distance before we concluded that there was no pleasure in it. When the runners passed us, they were going at about eight or ten miles an hour, which by some may not be considered very fast running, but it was wonderful speed, when one remembers the fact that they had already run eight or nine miles in the sand, each company keeping its ball moving, but never touching it with their hands.

They used their feet and legs instead of hands and arms with which to pick up and throw the balls; yet I doubt very much whether a person running at their speed could pick up a ball with his hands so quickly, or, unless he were an experienced ball player, throw it more accurately.

As near as we could judge, there were something over one hundred runners, and we understood that at the start it took a very good runner to keep up with them for one or two hundred yards.

No one was allowed to get ahead of his company's ball, and this rule, no doubt, lessened the general speed, though there were some laggers who could not even keep up with their ball.

The winning company was the one that had its ball first at the goal, and notwithstanding the great length of the race, and the great number of the runners, they all came in very nearly together, showing a very high degree of training.

As an example of this, we were informed by the people at Moen Copi, that Lightning, a Moquis, had many times run from the Oriba village to Moen Copi, a distance of thirtyfive miles, and returned in one day, and also stopped long enough at the last named place to water his corn.

We were also told of many similar feats equally wonderful.

Returning to our race; the companies were distinguished by some particular device, painted upon their bodies, their arms and their legs.

They were all naked excepting scanty waist cloths.

As many as could obtain bells, varying from a cow bell down, had them attached to their persons.

In writing a description of a Moquis race, I realize that the reader has no more idea of the great interest the event inspires in a person witnessing it, than he would have of the merits of a dramatic company or the piece performed, by simply attending a rehearsal.

I have heard it said that to see a herd of deer running is one of the most animating sights that one can witness—as I have never seen a herd of deer running, I cannot therefore judge of its grandeur;

but I can truly say, that to see over one

ATHEISM AND INFIDELITY.

hundred Indians engaged in a foot race, is a wonderful sight and long to be remembered.

A Moquis race is always followed by a grand feast.

H.J. Grant.

The joys and sorrows of this world are so strikingly mingled Our mirth and grief are brought so mournfully in contact!

We laugh while others weep, and others rejoice when we are sad! The light heart and the heavy walk side byside and go about together!

Beneath the same roof are spread the wedding feast and the funeral pall The bridal song mingles with the burial hymn! One goes to the marriage bed, another to the grave; and all is mutable, uncertain and transitory.

Longfellow.

At present, the most valuable gift which can be bestowed upon women is something to do.

J. A. Garfield.

ATHEISM AND INFIDELITY.

A frequent cause of doubt and final unbelief, is found in the conflicting ideas of Deity.

Some affirm that the character of God has changed with the conceptive ideas of His worshippers, and like them, He was either humane, merciful and just, or selfish, cruel and vindictive.

To us this argument seems puerile, and how persons possessed of ordinary intelligence can allow it to influence them, is more than we can understand.

The absolute Being whom we adore, is unchangeable.

He works according to just and merciful laws, and not upon arbitrary principles.

Upon every page of the great Book of Nature which He has written, we see wondrous and sublime evidences of this important fact.

Men of intellect have spent their lives in studying the harmonies of the universe, and never has an inconsistency been found.

What has at first seemed abnormal, with additional knowledge, is seen in all its transcendent beauty.

The ideas of men may change, their conceptions of morality in each successive age be different, accepted scientific theories be proven incorrect by following generations; but God and His works are unchangeable.

"He is the same yesterday, to-day and forever."Will man. then, the most wonderful of the works of nature, be dealt with other than mercifully?

The divine answer comes ringing down the cycle of time, grander and more beautiful than utterance of poet or philosopher, "Ye shall be judged according to the deeds done in the body."

Let us not, then, with fallacious reasoning, persuade ourselves that we are not responsible for our actions;

for just so surely as we are punished for transgressing natural laws, so will we suffer for disregarding the higher spiritual laws we are commanded to obey.

As above inferred, we do not believe that atheism and infidelity inculcate morality and purity, all the assertions written and spoken to the contrary notwithstanding.

There are few characters strong enough to keep themselves morally and physically pure, when adrift upon the sea of speculation, without the strong anchor of faith to hold them firmly, and to aid them in overcoming the seething waves of distrust and despair ever ready to engulf them.

Take away the incentive that religion gives to do right, and remove the fear of punishment incidental to immorality, and no nation or people would long cherish the sentiments now considered paramount to all else.

A few there might be who would do right for the love of right; but each successive generation would be worse than the one preceding it, until, finally, humanity would be sunk to a depth of lawlessness and impurity, terrible to contemplate, yet which would be the inevitable result of each person fixing a standard of morality—or rather of immorality.

In advocating the above idea, we fear no successful contradiction; but we will further maintain our position.

The well being and

ATHEISM AND INFIDELITY.

very existence of a people depends upon the purity of the marriage contract and the family relationship;

but infidelity destroys the very foundation of the social superstructure.

Without the Gospel, the beautiful words, Mother,

Wife and Home, lose all their holy significance.

Marriage would simply be a civil contract and entered for convenience, to be dissolved again at will. Many prominent infidels of this country and Europe are openly ventilating the opinions we here ascribe to them.

"One world at a time"is the teaching of nearly all so-called "Free Thinkers,"and is neither more nor less than the ancient school of Epicurus modernized—"Let us live for the pleasure of the moment, eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow we die."

Such a doctrine must in time bring its adherents to a condition no better than fallen people of past ages, whose lives have given assent to this foolish doctrine.

Skeptics have come to sneer at the idea of the Infinite God having a chosen people unto whom special interpositions are made. We are told this idea is inconsistent, but revelation has shown to the faithful repentant believer how philosophically reasonable the principle is.

This article not being the place for the advocacy of the last named doctrine, we leave it, and call attention to the fact, that whatever the cause may be, the Jews, or the chosen people, have been remarkably different from contemporary nations, those of the present time being no exception.

They have been wonderfully free from vices which have disrupted governments and overthrown nations.

Few have become heretic to their beliefin one Supreme God, and the most that can be said against them is their inordinate love of wealth.

Through centuries of mental and moral darkness they were the most moral.

When they have been in the midst of raging persecution, the beacon star of hope has been shining before them, promising rest and reward when their Deliverer, the Messiah, should come.

And notwithstanding all its sneers, the Nineteenth Century has the Rabbis of fudah to thank for preserving the records which have thrown a little light upon the obscure past.

We now come to the point we wish to make.

If we have read history correctly, nations which have been infidel, or more properly atheist, have been the first to succumb under the practice of their own theories.

People holding contrary views to those entertained by the tribe of Judah, viz:

That men are responsible agents to an absolute power, have been those whose course was soon run, and who, to-day, are known only by name.

To what nation of the past can the advocate of infidelity point as a fit example to those he would have follow his teaching?

Even the few individuals—sages and philosophers, whose wisdom we all revere, and to whom he points with pride, as teachers of his theme, were, for the most part, as morally impure as they were intellectually bright.

France, today, is principally infidel, and the sayings of French metaphysicians are much quoted, but we think the most blatant "thinker"will hardly point to France as an example of morality.

If France is one of the most corrupt nations upon the earth, she has made the greatest strides toward moral and physical degradation since infidelity gained ascendency over the public mind.

If our own loved America is fast becoming the home of the "social evil"in its varied and horrid forms, it is because its people do not cherish the same feelings which inspired our fathers.

One of the strongest weapons used by infidels in their guerilla like warfare is blaming God for what has been done under the name of religion.

This attack has been well met by Prof.

George Fisher, in the North American

Review. We quote from his article and call the reader's attention to it:

"Before proceeding farther, it is well to advert to an idea which I had formerly supposed was nearly extinct in the world—the idea, namely, that religion, and the Christian religion in particular, is a bane.

The Epicureans thought it an advantage to have deities which stood aloof from all concern for men or connection with human affairs.

Lucretius wrote a poem to set forth the atomic theory of the

ATHEISM AND INI'IDELIT) universe, and thus to deliver men's minds from the terrors of superstition and all the gloom and torture of soul of which religion was the cause.

It cannot he denied that religion has been the occasion of incalculable suffering. Think of the uncounted victims of religious intolerance!

Think of the animosity and bloodshed caused by religious wars

What an amount of misery arose out of the European wars of the seventeenth century, which had their origin largely in religious dissension It seems a quick way to abolish these manifold calamities to abolish religion itself.

Does it need to be said that there is another side to the picture?

Apart from the fallacy of charging on a feeling or principle, the consequences of its abuse or perversion, one should look at the comfort, wholesome restraint, uplifting hope, and all the other purifying, elevating, beneficial influences, incalculable in their extent, which have gone forth to the individual, to the household, to the state, and to mankind at large, from religion in its purer forms.

Moreover, one should look at the state of things which would ensue, if religion, the Christian religion, were swept away, and men were left to be born, and toil, and live, and die, having no hope and without God in the world.

This way of arguing against religion as baneful, really contains an argument for religion.

The evils that have sprung from fanaticism and other abuses of the religious sentiment, shows how deeply planted religion is in the constitution of the human nature, how powerful and ineradicable a feeling it is.

In no other way can we account for its tremendous influence, when unenlightened or morbid, for evil.

"Why not go in for getting rid of the nervous system on account of sciatica and neuralgia?

Apply the same sort of reasoning which is used against religion to the passion of love as between the sexes.

Who can measure the agony of which it has been the occasion—the corroding jealousies, the frantic rage, abiding rancor, adulteries, self-murder, sanguinary wars, from the seige of Troy, for the capture of Helen, to the connection of Mark Antony and Cleopatra, and from the epoch of the Egyptian sorceress down to our day?

Remembering Pascal's remark, that if Cleopatra's nose had been longer or shorter, the course of history would have been changed, am tempted to turn aside, and show what unutterable woe would have been spared to mankind if 'the fatal gift'of beauty had not been given to man or woman.

But not to leave our illustration:

if love had been absent, and the sensibilities and propensities involved in it, none can doubt that frightful sorrows would have been avoided.

But then, among other things, we would have missed the family.

To argue that religion is a curse, is like contending that domestic life and human government are a curse.

If the family had not existed, or were to be abolished, an unmeasured amount of petty tyranny, grinding toil, anguish and bereavement would not have been, and would be no more.

Then, as to human government, what is it but a long record of oppression?

The cruel deeds of tyrants, of the

Pharaohs, the Neroes, the Napoleons, the ravaging wars which rulers have instigated, the dynamite struggle—were they all written down, the world would not contain the books.

Yet, is human government a bane?"Were the subject less important, one could be amused at the tranquil air of superiority assumed by the disbeliever.

He imagines himself and fellow-doubters the only ones who dare exercise the prerogative of free thought and intelligent research.

He pompously repeats the hackneyed phrases, "A higher plane of thought,""Thinkers of the age,"etc., and is often even ignorant of the fact that he, parrot like, is simply repeating what was originated years, and even centuries ago, and, in many instances, by theologians themselves.

Most of the "advanced ideas"of the present time are a mere rehash of the doctrines of Plato, Aristotle, Epicurus, Celsus, Spinoza, Voltaire and Strauss. The popular theory of evolution advanced by Prof.

Charles Darwin, with "minute variations"as a basis, is but slightly different

IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH.

from a similar one advanced about twenty-four hundred years ago by one

Democritus, under the head of "Fortuitous Atamos."Volumes might be written, giving reasons for believing in a Supreme Being and His intimate relations to mankind.

We have given only a few, and accomplished our purpose.

If we have removed the doubts of any, and caused them to think further and more correctly, or have strengthened their faith, we are satisfied.

We thoroughly believe in having a "reason for the hope within us,"and for every principle of the Gospel, but reason and philosophy will never cause us to know that God lives.

They will not console in times of trouble:

"when thoughts of the last sad hour come like a blight over the spirit,"and without the life-giving sunshine of Faith, they will desert us; when our loved ones pass to "the great unknown,"they will yield us no comfort.

Faith and a repentant obedience to the principles of truth, which are those of the Gospel, will alone give us the knowledge we seek.

Faith only will bring the priceless "Comforter"to us in times of trouble..

Purity should be the highest aim of mankind.

It is worth everything.

As stated in a former article, we worship God because He is the embodiment of all purity.

The Gospel of Jesus Christ teaches us nothing but purity, that which will make us nobler and better, and fit us for a higher life, for which purpose this life is given us.

"My own dull life should teach me this

That life shall live forevermore;

Else earth is darkness at the cere, And dust and ashes all that is.

J. L. Rob ison.

IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH.

CARTHAGE JAIL.

In 1S38, the Mormon people were driven from Missouri under circumstances which have left an ineffaceable stain upon the state; accused of crimes which were never committed, arraigned upon the black charge of being unAmerican, in being united;

hunted like beasts;

driven from their homes by executive order, or left the bitter alternative of extermination;

'their men slaughtered by dozens, their women ravished and homes burned;

guilty of raising an arm toward the assassins blow;

finally forced to succumb to the unconstitutional attack upon them and despoiled in many cases of the means of flight, these fugitives hastened across the Mississippi, leaving a colony of their leaders in Liberty jail, and sought the protection of Illinois.

It was freely granted.

The people of this state saw much to gain in a community so skillful and industrious. Commerce was chosen as the headquarters of the People, and its name was changed *8* to Nauvoo.

For a few years, "all went merry as a marriage bell;"Nauvoo became a flourishing city of twenty thousand inhabitants and the center of a thriving district, covered with farms and dotted with villages.

People from all parts of the world brought energy and experience to add to the natural advantages ofthe country and there is every reason to believe that the people of Illinois thought Missouri's loss was their gain.

But we audaciously prospered more than our neighbor;

we still had the presumption to be united; and could not be embroiled in the political squabbles of the politicians.

It is true that our common religious ties drew us nearer together; that as far as possible we dealt among ourselves, and perhaps pursued a policy which tended to withdraw us from our fellow citizens.

The conflict came; ministers were again found giving practical illustration of the Christianity they professed; not by leading forward the mobs which they had raised, but by boldly urging them forward from the rear. The persecutions of our leaders

3o6 IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH.

were resumed and law suits were multiplied, but since the judges, at least, had retained a spark of justice, enough for the purpose, these suits were unanimously fruitless.

As the sky lowered and the tempest gathered more omi- n^uF.'.y around us, the Prophet Joseph, his broiler Hyrum and several of our leading elders delivered themselves up to the Governor of the state as hostages, to thus prevent, if possible, an open breach between the armed citizens and the people of Nauvoo.

Carthage, which was the seat of Hancock County, and is some twenty miles to the east and south of Nauvoo, was the headquarters of the mob, and the point from which the Governor was acting in an ostensible attempt to settle the growing difficulty.

I shall not attempt to describe in detail the sanguinary events of the succeeding days; graphic descriptions of the martyrdom have been written by those who were present on that eventful June day, in the year of our Lord 1844.

It will subserve the purpose of this sketch, which is to give an account of a visit to the Carthage jail, to briefly allude to the chain of circumstances with its melancholy closing link which has made this town hostoric.

The Governor, after pledging the faith of the state to the safety of the Prophets, left Carthage for Nauvoo early in the afternoon of June 27th, escorted by those troops who were friendly to the prisoners, and leaving behind, for the protection of the latter, a well known troop'of mobbers called the Carthage Grajs. We all know the sequel; at twenty minutes past five the same afternoon, the lifeless body of the slain Prophet lay bleeding upon the ground by the prison wall, that of his brother Hyrum was in the prison room above, while President Taylor, thrice wounded, together with Elder Willard

Richards who had miraculously escaped unhurt, were in a rear room of the building in momentary expectation of being sacrificed to the intolerance of a republican community.

To-day, Carthage is a pretty farming town of perhaps twenty-five hundred inhabitants;

it is the seat of Hancock County as it was in 1844.

The jail is situated towards the northwestern part of the town, and is now used as a dwelling-house.

As we approached the building, it was evident it had changed but little since the time it was called upon to play its part in the drama of 1844; since we at once recognized it from an old picture, we remembered to have often contemplated with melancholy interest in our early days.

It was still a very plain two story sandstone structure, exceedingly massive in appearance.

I remember to have noticed in the old sketch of the jail, that on account of the decided nature of the pointing, which being intensely white contrasted sharply with the darker sandstone, each individual stone in the walls seemed to stand out in emphatic assertion of its historic importance—they should rather slink in remembrance of the dark deed they rendered possible.

The same staring effect still exists.

But there were many evidences that the building had been turned from its ignoble service of a jail, to the more honorable use of a residence, for as we approach, the windows, frames and sashes were seen to be neatly painted, curtains and blinds adorned the windows, blooming beds of flowers were tastefully arranged, with surrounding walks, in the front yard, and there was a thrifty garden and orchard to the right.

The front of the house, the gable end, faces to the south.

The building is on the south west corner of a block and stands about a rod from either street.

A one story kitchen annex on the east side, is not the one, though very like in appearance, which formerly stood in about the same place.

We approached and knocked;

the door was answered by the lady of the house.

She, in answer to our inquiry, stated that the proprietor was at home, but was suffering from a severe attack of rheumatism, and intimated that, "Thank you; good day!"was next in our programme.

But this was not to our liking, and so, neglecting the hint, we stated how urgently we wished to look around the premises and learn

IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH, what we could of interest and importance.

So with many an excuse for introducing us into a sick room, she led the way into the parlor, temporarily so used, which occupied the whole front of the lower story, except the hall on the left through which we passed.

The name of the family was Browning, cousins of a gentleman in Utah of the same name.

Mr. Browning was county treasurer, and was apparently in good circumstances, for we found that the jail had, by means of paint, plaster and furniture, been transformed from a jail into, a comfortable dwelling-house.

Mr. Browning detailed, at our request, the current account of the Martyrdom, which did not differ in particulars, materially, from our own version, though it was scarcely told with the same spirit in which we view the deplorable event. He excused himself from pointing out the house to us, and asked his daughter to take charge of us.

The young lady proved to be a highly intelligent, and we inferred, a much practiced guide.

The woodwork of the staircase, of the windows and doors, and so on, is the same as it was in June, 1844. The stairs, up which we were led, are in the hall mentioned above, and rise along the west wall of the structure.

Upon reaching the head, you find landings to your front and right, in both of which directions are doors to rooms. The room to your front, which is the west rear room of the upper floor, was the dungeon into which Elder

Willard Richards carried President Taylor, for refuge, after those mobbers, who were in the jail, had left at the cry of, "He's leaped the window."The room to the right is where the four brethren were secured, when, shortly after five o'clock, they heard a brief scuffle in the hallway below, and then the shouts and advancing footsteps of the mob, accompanied by the discharge of firearms from within and without.

The brethren sprang to the landing door, to close it, and then retreated, all but the Patriarch Hyrum, to the front of the room, and he back from the door, but still facing it.

In a second he was pierced by two bullets, one from the landing crashing through his head, and one from the exterior penetrating his right side.

The panel, with the hole made by the bullet which first struck the Patriarch, partly filled with putty, still forms a part of the door.

The reader will doubtless understand that the door mentioned is near the rear part of the room, and that the window through which the firing was done from the outside is nearly opposite the door.

Hyrum dead, the attention of the party was turned towards keeping back the devils at the head of the stairs;

in this they were successful by means of several canes and a single revolver.

President Taylor was the first to seek escape through the window; he fell back, having received two wounds, one in the leg from within the jail, and one in the side from without, the latter of which might have been fatal had the projectile, which caused it, not spent its force on his watch.

He was again wounded in the hip by a shot from the landing.

Driven by the desperation of the situation to seek safety elsewhere, the Prophet Joseph next sprang to the window, and in a moment fell outward pierced twice from the hall and once, in the breast, from the ground below;

he struck the ground a dead man.

It was at this juncture that the cry of, "He's leaped the window,"was raised, and that the mob having left the jail, Presidents Richards and Taylor sought safety in the dungeon.

Such was the final testimony of two noble lives, rendered many times more impressive by viewing the scene of its consummation.

The well against which the body of the slain Prophet reclined, no longer exists;

in its place there is now a bed of white and red flowers, emblematic at once of the righteousness and the lifeblood of the man chosen to teach Christians Christianity.

Our next journey was to Hannibal, and from there to Kansas City, which is the best point from which to reach Independence, Missouri.

R. W.

Young-.

Search others for their 'virtues, and thyself for thy vices.

Fuller.

;oS SIGNS OF CIIR7STS COMING.

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

"dispensation of the fulness of

TIMES.""That in the dispensation of the fulness of times, He might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth, even in Him.

Eph.

i: 10.

"A dispensation"is power and authority to dispense the word of God, and to administer in all the ordinances thereof.

Many dispensations have been given, which it is not our province here to dwell upon, but to show forth in unmistakable language the advent of this epoch, which was to be fraught with so many important events to fulfil prophecy and establish truth and righteousness on the earth.

The dispensation of the fulness of times is to embrace all dispensations from Adam to the present time and all things which have been spoken by the mouths of all the holy prophets are to be fulfilled.

The Jews are to figure very conspicuously in this dispensation,according to the Apostle

Peter, who exhorted them to "Repent that their sins might be blotted out, when the time of refreshing shall come from the presence of the

Lord and he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you, whom the heavens must receive until the times of restitution of all things."Acts iii:

19—21.

They had rejected Christ, and His mission, which rejection culminated in His ignominious death on Calvary—and placed them under a voluntary ban, which their fathers had invoked in Pilate's

Judgment Hall—"His blood be upon us and our children"which request received general acclamation and a fearful sequence, lasting till the present time.

Peter speaking with that "spirit of truth"which was his wont, and with which he was endowed, was enabled to offer them a boon, distant though it might be, which would give them solace for the present, and hope that would carry them to the "time of refreshing"when this great national sin of regicide should be "blotted out"and they be redeemed from the legitimate curse that was to mark their progress and prove their banc.

Peter Paul and other of the apostles had predicted the great apostasy, and the restoration of all things—in unmistakable language—but the "fulness of times"could only be discerned by the eye of faith, and the magnitude of its provisions was yet to be understood.

The Jews are very much like the Christians of the present day, with regard to this important event—and the words spoken by all the holy prophets since the world began are held alike sacred and significant with this distinction; the Jews look for the first advent of the Messiah, while the "household of faith"hail this glorious epoch as the harbinger of His second advent.

Those who were converted, and made partakers of the Gospel blessings and in full faith and fellowship have been looking and longing for the day of redemption, while those who were still callous and whose hearts were hardened must still remain in darkness and doubt till the "fulness of the gentiles is come,"and all things be gathered together in one, even in Him the poor despised Nazarene.

In the "fulness of times"a welding link is to unite the heavens and earth,, the operations of Gods'Holy Priesthood on earth are to be ratified in the heavens, and the work of "uniting the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers"is to receive cognizance both in heaven, and on earth.

The Church of God is to be established with all its gifts and blessings, power and authority is to be given to it, that the purposes of Jehovah maybe consummated,and receive His approbation—laws are to be revealed, "both those that have been revealed, and those yet to be revealed."Israel long scattered is to be gathered and restored to the "land of promise"—the revealed laws of God are to be made known to every nation, kindred, tongue and people, and the warning voice of the Holy Priesthood is

SIGNS OF CHRISTS COMING.

to be heard, "Fear God and give glory to Him for the hour of His judgment is come"—thrones are to totter and fall—Zion, is to "rise and put on her beautiful garments,"and be prepared as a bride to meet the bridegroom—and a reign of peace be ushered in by Him whose right it is to reign.

"What was before partial shall now be universal.

Not only are the honest in heart to be gathered into one, but all of earth's sons and daughters will find themselves compelled by the force of circumstances to enlist under the respective banners of truth or error.

Hell will send forth her demon hordes to the conflict and the hosts of heaven united will aid the righteous among men to hurl them back to perdition, and secure the world from their unholy grasp that Messiah may reign King of kings and Lord of Lords."

In view of this event "holy men of God wrote and spoke:""The fulness of the Gentiles should come in;""Elias should first come and restore all things.""The earth shall be filled with the knowledge and power of God;""The works of darkness to be made manifest;""That wjiich is sealed to be loosed;"all things which have been revealed to be again revealed;

good restored to good and evil to evil;

in short, a fulness to be restored, and dispensed, whereby not only the Jews but all mankind may be brought to a "knowledge of the Son of

God, to perfect men, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ."

This dispensation is to restore in unity all former dispensations that the consummation decreed may be wrought and

God's ultimatum salute the ears of every nation, kindred, tongue and people.

To Joseph Smith a Prophet of the Most High God, has this all important work been assigned and multiplied evidence, discloses the fact that the duty, under God, was well and faithfully done.

The world is made acquainted with the following facts which truthfully attest the restoration of all things embodied in the "fulness of times."In 1820, the Father and Son appeared to Joseph Smith, when the voice of God declared "This is my beloved Son hear ye Him,"thus literally fulfilling the prediction of Peter,

Acts, iii: 20.

"And he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you."May 15, 1829, The Aaronic Priesthood was restored to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery by John the baptist.

April 3, 1836, In Kirtland Temple.

The Savior, Moses, Elias and Elijah appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, and restored the keys of their respective dispensations, which embrace under one great head the Restoration of the Everlasting Gospel, gathering of Israel, baptism for the dead, sealing power, etc., which go to make up the sum total of the great and last dispensation, which was to unite all things both which are in heaven and on earth, and introduce that unity of action which is to characterize the beginning of the end.

Not only are the Jews who have passed behind the vail to'be made the recipients of the "times of refreshing"by having the privilege afforded them of receiving the Gospel at the hands of those holding the priesthood in the heavens but the remnants of Judah on the earth, are to be made through force of circumstances to exclaim, "blessed is He that cometh in the name of the Lord,"and openly acknowledge Him as they view

His wounds, which He "received in the house of His friends,"—their chagrin and discomfiture is to be manifest by their flight, from the face of Him whom they pierced and hanged on a tree—then and not till then will they realize the utter desolation that has marked their identity in the world's history since Jerusalem was first trodden down of the Gentiles—and which was to exist till the fulness of the Gentiles had come in.

While contumacy is charged to Judah, and Christianity wonders thereat, God's purposes are rolling forth, and the wonder of psuedo-Christianity will be turned to the awful condition of a people less favored, to whom the Gospel is now being preached and whose bitter rejection of its saving grace will produce a hardness of heart, from which, except they speedily repent they will be unable to rally—and swift and sure destruction

3io GEORGE A. SMITH.

will mark them for its own—for if God spared not the natural branches, but cut them off for unbelief, how much more need have they to take heed lest he spare not them.

The words of angels are steadfast, God's fiat has gone forth and the "fulness of the Everlasting Gospel"has been restored to the earth, and all mankind must take issue pro or con, and work for the final consummation decreed. None can escape—all things are to be gathered together, both in heaven, and on the earth, thrones, principalities and powers must succumb and all the united forces of earth and hell'cannot avert the impending doom or change the immutable decree^rocks and mountains cannot hide them from the presence of Him who has said, "every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that He is

Lord over all the earth."This people are the called and chosen and faithful and to them is given to know these things, that all things may work together for good and righteousness be established upon the earth, and that glorious reign of peace be ushered in which is to preceed the great winding up scene, of which the "Dispensation of the fulness of times"is the last and great preparatory event, and which holy men of God have prayed to behold, and which we are now permitted to be participants of, with all its gifts, blessings and endowments, and enabled by the same to realize more fully the predictions appertaining thereto.

"And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there has been a nation even to that same time, thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.

And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt, and they that are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever.

But thou, O Daniel shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the e)id.

Many shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased.

Many shall be purified and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly; and none of the wicked shall understand, but the wise shall understand."Daniel xii:

i, 4, 10.

Robert S. Spence.

The kindness of youth is angelic; the kindness of old age is divine.

Queen of Roumania.

GEORGE A.

SMITH.

VII.

PALESTINE TOUR.

The political career of President Smith covered almost the whole period of his residence in Utah.

He was an earnest worker in establishing the provisional government called the State of

Deseret, and afterwards in organizing and enacting laws for the government of the Territory of Utah.

He was elected a member of the first legislature and re-elected to every succeeding session but one, until 1870.

The last six years he was President of the Council, and was distinguished for his punctuality in calling the Council to order and for impartiality in the discharge of his official duty. More than half of Bro. George A's life was occupied in traveling and preaching the Gospel.

He had, before 1S70, delivered three thousand eight hundred discourses, in various parts of the world, as a labor of love, and never failed to use every opportunity to advocate the principles of the Gospel, which his long and laborious missionary experience afforded him.

In the internal affairs of the Territory, Bro. Smith was an active laborer.

He was recognized as the father of the southern settlements, the chief of which, St.

George, being named in his honor.

He was president of several irrigating canal companies, and was foremost in public enterprises

GEORGE A. SMITH.

3ii leading to the occupation and development of the country, the establishment of home industries and of commercial relations among the people that would tend to make them free and independent of other communities, and at the same time utilize the natural resources with which the Territory abounds.

In October, 1872, a party was organized, of which

President Smith was chief, to travel through Europe to Palestine and the

East, the object being to gratify their long cherished desire to visit the Holy Land.

The members of this tourist company, when starting from London, were:

George A.

Smith, Lorenzo Snow, Paul A.

Schetler, Feramorz Little, George Dunford, Thos. W. Jennings, Eliza R. Snow and

Clara S. Little, but from Genoa, George

Dunford returned and Albert Carrington took his place and completed the tour.

The party made arrangements for tickets for the continental and eastern trip with Cook's Tourist Agency, London, and on the evening of November 30, 1872, started via Harwich and steamer on the North Sea to Rotterdam.

They visited the principal cities of Holland, Belgium, France and

Italy on the outward journey, and sailed, on the second of February, 1873, from the port of

Brindisi over the calm waters of the Mediterranean to Alexandria, Cairo and the Red Sea, thence to Jaffa, where the Palestine tour began.

It embraced a very extensive and thorough itinerary, in which a visit to all the ancient historical sites, towns, villages, streams, tombs, etc., was included.

President Smith stood the horseback journey well, and enjoyed the tour as only one so well versed in scriptural subjects and ancient history could do.

Writing from Jerusalem, he says:

"March 3d, 1873, I, with the rest of the party, visited the Mosque of Omar.

They had no slippers large enough for me, so I tied two pocket handkerchiefs over my boots. We employed a very efficient guide, and I subjoin from my journal the chief items of his comments. The

Mosque of Omar and the Mosque of Elaksa are within an enclosure of about fifteen hundred feet. The guide first showed us the north, or Paradise gate, then the east gate, in front of which he pointed out the site of the judgment seat of Solomon, under a small dome called the dome of chains; then through the east, or David's gate, into the mosque, where he pointed out a green marble slab in the floor, in which nineteen nails from the cross had been inserted, of which all but three and a half had disappeared, and when they disappear the world will come to an end; he then pointed out the saddle in which Mahomet rode before he went to heaven;

a number of Korans;

then a large rock in the centre of the mosque, on which tradition says Abraham offered up Isaac, and which is said to be the summit of Mount Moriah. On one side of this rock he pointed to a place from which Mahomet ascended to heaven, leaving the impression of his feet in the rock, and to the finger prints in the rock made by the angel Gabriel when he stayed the rock from following the prophet, the Mahommedans had kissed the footprint so much, that, to preserve it, they cut the piece out and locked it up with seven hairs of his beard, which are shown but once a year.

He then took us into a cave under the rock, and pointed us to a tongue of rock, on the right hand side, which said to Mahomet: "Peace be with you, you prophet of God!"To which Mahomet replied: "Peace be with you, you rock of God;"he then pointed to an altar in the cave where Solomon prayed, to one where Elijah prayed, and to places where Abraham and David prayed;

then to a cavity in the top caused by Mahomet's bumping his head against it when rising from prayer; then to a hole in the centre of the top through which they threw down the allies of the sacrifices; then to a round slab, in the centre of the cave, over the mouth of a deep well, called the Well of Souls.

We then went outside the mosque and were shown a pulpit in the open air; near by is a fountain, now dry, used for ablutions previous to praying.

We then passed under another building, and were shown a portion of the old

GEORGE A. SMITH.

wall and several columns of the horse gate; from that to the 3VTosque of Elaksa, in the same enclosure, and were shown a small black marble slab in the wall, brought from Mecca by Mahomet;

those who can walk some fifteen feet, blindfolded, and touch the slab, are pure, the others not.

We then went into the mosque, built about A. D. 607, and were shown the tomb of the two sons of Aaron, the footprints of Jesus in a rock, a marble altar where Moses offered prayer, the pulpit of Omar, made of cedar and ivory, said to be from Solomon's

Temple;

then two sets of two pillars, each set near together—those who can pass through are pure, the rest not; then the studio of Omar, surrounded with columns; then a well down which is the Garden of Eden, then a marble cradle in which Jesus slept when twelve years old, at the time he was lost from his parents.

From that mosque, still in the same enclosure, we went to the stables of Solomon, now under ground;

then along the east wall, this wall being also the east wall of the city, to a point where a stone pillar projects horizontally some three feet beyond the outer face, and on which Mahomet is to sit in judgment on the world.

From there we went to the site of the Golden Gate, and had a fine view from one of the towers of the wall. We then went outside the enclosure to a Jewish wailing place, the only spot where the foundations of the Temple of Solomon are visible, outside the enclosure.

Brother Schettler and I then called on the Rabbi of the Portuguese congregation, to whom I presented a letter of introduction from the Rabbi of San Francisco.

He said the letter was a good one, and that he liked the looks of my face.

I talked to Brother Schettler, he to a German Jew, and the Jew to the Rabbi, as the latter could only speak in Hebrew, Portuguese and Turkish.

He offered me a cigar;

I told him I did not smoke.

He said he was glad I had called on him, and brought a glass of water and some preserves, also cups of coffee for each of us.

He remarked that the Jerusalem Jews were very poor, but if they had control, they would make great improvements.

He said the Mosque of Omar was on the site of Solomon's Temple, but not in the centre; also that no Jew goes inside the mosque inclosure. He believed the God of Hosts would some day redeem the land.

He introduced me to two of his friends, who showed us some ground they had bought from the Turks, and were erecting upon it a hospital and some dwellings for the poor Jews, with funds from abroad.

We then went to their synagogue, and found it a plain, well-furnished building; and from there passed through the grain market, and through a jumble of narrow lanes> arched over in places, and returned to our camp. The Rabbi, very courteously, said he would call upon me in camp."

While the party were visiting the ancient city, their tents were pitched upon the Mount of Olives, where prayers were offered up to the throne of Jehovah for the redemption of the land from its forbidding sterility, and it was dedicated for the speedy restoration of the Tribes of Israel to their ancient inheritance predicted to come to pass in the last days.

The party returned from Palestine, via

Constantinople and Athens, to Trieste, the Austrian port of the Adriatic Sea, and completed the Continental tour by visiting the chief cities of Austria,

Bavaria and Germany, reaching London on the way home, May 18.

A week was spent in the great metropolis and the party sailed for America on the 28th, reaching home, where they were warmly welcomed by the authorities of the Church and the people generally, on the iSth of

June, 1873.

A young man, however high his birth, who is habitually disrespectful to his mother, deserves to be ranked among the ill-bred; while, on the other hand, there is scarcely any surer mark of good nature, good breeding, and good sense in a young man than his habitually behaving toward his mother with respectful and careful attention.

Ezra Sampson.

MAN'S FREE AGENCY.

MAN'S FREE AGENCY.

Before the depths of chaos felt

The touch of gods divine, Or mortal man on earth had dwelt,

Or at Eloheim's throne had knelt

To worship at his shrine;

Ere planets in their courses ran,

Or moon gave forth her light, Ere earth received the heat of sun,

Or vegetation had begun To weave her mantle bright;

Ere corner stones of earth were laid,

Or stars together sang;

Ere trees, or herbs, or shrubs were made,

Or fountains of the deep were staid,

Or Nature's music rang;

Before a mountain, hill or vale, Had in its order stood;

Or earth had been kissed by the gale,

Or courted by the nightingale,

In moonlights solitude;

A council of the gods was held,

Jehovah, President One third of whom were hence expelled,

For Satan had, with them, rebelled

Against Omnipotent.

And there the laws for man were framed,

Each had his own free will, For all the gods at freedom aimed,

And each desired all men reclaimed,

From wickedness and ill.

They saw the future—for the vail

Was rent before their gaze They saw dark sin with men assail,

They saw the darkened powers prevail,

All earth with crime ablaze.

Therefore, when Jove proposed the plan,

And put it 'fore the gods, To give free agency to man, A vote was called, and as it ran It passed by mighty odds.

But Satan, with ambition filled,

Opposed the heaven-born law, And held one third of heaven so drilled,

That 't mattered not what he had willed,

They did not dare withdraw.

Therefore they all rebelled 'gainst God

They fought against the right, The gates were ope'd, and with the rod,

They were smote down to earth's dark sod,

To dwell in endless night.

Their missson was to trouble men

To help fulfil the law They had opposed and fought at, when

They lost all hopes for aye to win

A glory as before.

True to that mission, they are now

Enticing men to deeds That take away from manhood's brow

All honor destined to endow A noble spirit's needs.

And, as at first, they still oppose

The agency of man, And would—had they the power—impose

The tyrant's chains, and discompose

Our noble spirit's plan.

But God has given to every race

The freedom for to choose A future, lasting dwelling place,

Either with glory or disgrace,

A gift dare we abuse?

If we the path of glory tread,

All honor to our name;

But if by powers of darkness led,

Much better had we never sped To earth to win deep shame.

And yet some men would dare make laws

To tell us what to do, Would pinch us in their puny claws,

To us not more than rotten straws,

Or filthy, watery glue.

They dare before the Priesthood's power

To chain us to their whims, They dare its links upon us shower, And weld them 'round us, as a tower,

To strengthen their own limbs.

But oh! look through the vista's gloom,

And see the victory Weep, weep, ye fiends! dark is your doom, 'Twill sink you in oppression's tomb,

The grave dug out by thee But Saints immortal—gods—shall rise, And scale the worlds on high;

They'll fill the earth, and rend the skies,

With sweet hosannah's, for their prize,

Shall every boon outvie.

Eternal ages shall roll 'round;

The night of time will pass;

And endless righteousness abound,

And shouts of glory shall resound

From 'mongst the heavenly mass.

James H.

Wallis

3H EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Tzventy Cents.

Salt Lake City, May, 1883.

AN INTERESTING VOLUME.

Some time since we fortunately came into possession of a copy of the first edition of the Book of Mormon.

It is in excellent preservation, the paper being good and but slightly discolored, and the library sheep binding not at all impaired.

What makes the copy of particular value, is the fact that it is one of the very first which was distributed after being published.

There were a number of copies bound as this one is, taken by some of the Elders, among whom were Hyrum Smith and

Samuel H.

Smith, brothers of the Prophet, to the villages in western New

York for sale.

They experienced great difficulty in disposing of them, as the opposition of the religious bigots, who labored so hard to prevent its publication, had led many of the inhabitants in and about Palmyra to engage in a solemn compact not to purchase or read the "Golden Bible,"as they called it, or allow any members of their families to do so if it should be issued.

The Elders, therefore, in many instances, left the books to be examined by parties who consented to take them on trial, and called for them again in the course of their travels, perhaps a few weeks after.

In this way the copy which converted the Young family was started upon its remarkable proselyting mission.

Elder Samuel H. Smith was sent to Livonia, Livingston County, New York, with a number of the first books that were bound.

He was repulsed by the people, and found no sale for the books;

but Mr. John P.

Green, a Methodist preacher, consented for him to leave a copy at his house, and said, though he would not purchase it himself, he would take the names of any who might wish to subscribe for it.

Samuel writes in his journal the result of this trip, as follows, which he learned on returning several weeks after:

"When I arrived at Mr. Green's, his wife informed me that her husband was absent from home, that there was no prospect of selling my books, and even the.one which I had left with them, she expected I would have to take away, as Mr. Green had no disposition to purchase it, although she had read it herself, and was much pleased with it.

I then talked with her a short time, and, binding my knapsack upon my shoulders, rose to depart;

but, as I bade her farewell, it was impressed upon my mind to leave the book with her.

I made her a present of it, and told her that the Spirit forbade my taking it away.

She burst into tears, and requested me to pray with her.

I did so, and afterwards explained to her the most profitable manner of reading the book which

I had left with her;

which was, to ask God, when she read it, for a testimony of the truth of what she had read, and she would receive the Spirit of God, which would enable her to discern the things of God.

I then left her, and returned home."The succeeding history of the volume is told by the mother of the Prophet:

"When Mr. Green returned home, his wife requested him to read it, informing him very particularly, with regard to what Samuel had said to her, relative to obtaining a testimony of the truth of it.

This, he, for a while, refused to do, but finally yielded to her persuasions, and took the book, and commenced perusing the same, calling upon God for the testimony of His Spirit. The result of which was, that he and Mrs. Green were in a short time baptized.

They gave the book to Phineas Young, Mrs.

Green's brother, who read it, and commenced preaching it forthwith.

It was next handed to Brigham Young, and from

EDITORIAL.

him to Mrs. Murray, his sister, who is also the mother of Heber C. Kimball's wife.

They all received the work without hesitancy, and rejoiced in the truth thereof.

Joseph Young was at this time in Canada, preaching the Methodist doctrine;

but, as soon as Brigham became convinced of the truth of the Gospel, as contained in the Book of Mormon, he went straightway to his brother Joseph, and persuaded him to cease preaching Methodism,and embrace the truth, as set forth in the Book of Mormon, which he carried with him.

"Thus was this book the means of convincing this whole family, and bringing them into the Church, where they have continued faithful members.

And, through their faithfulness and zeal, some of them have become as great and honorable men as ever stood upon the earth."A short time before the death of Elder

Phineas Young, he met President Joseph F.

Smith, and told him that he had something he supposed the latter would be pleased to possess, and soon after presented him with the identical volume described above.

It is now in President Smith's library, and is valued very highly by him.

The volume which we have received, through the courtesy of Sister Zina D.

H. Young, is a companion volume in style and binding to this historic copy, and was doubtless left in the same manner for perusal, and afterwards purchased by Mr. Chauncy Dresson, of Watertown,

New York, from whose family it was purchased by Sister Young.

The first edition of the Book of Mormon presents quite a different appearance to that of the last.

Many improvements in the mechanical make-up and typographical features of the work have been made in the succeeding editions.

Notably among these is the division of paragraphs into verses, by Apostle Orson

Pratt, and the introduction of marginal references.

However, whatever changes have been made in the size of type, weight of paper and style of make-up, it is manifest that they have been with an eye single to the employment of the book in the missionary field, for the size of the book has been diminished, and no English or American edition that has been published since is printed with as large, plain type, or upon as large a sheet as the first, which was issued under the immediate supervision of the Prophet.

That the permanent location of so many of the Saints in homes which they expect to forever occupy and their children after them, would justify the publication of a large family edition, say a quarto volume, with copious references, we have no hesitation in predicting, and feel assured that the expression will be reiterated by hundreds throughout the Territory.

As many may not have the pleasure of seeing a copy of the first edition, we shall attempt to give a brief description of the features which distinguish it. The people are familiar with the customary account of its coming forth, as taken from the History of the Prophet Joseph, but from the time when the translation of the plates was finished, the progress of the publication is not so well known.

A few days after the translation was completed, and after the witnesses had received their evidence and testimony, which was at Waterloo, Seneca County, the Prophet and party went to Palmyra, and made arrangements with Egbert B.

Grandin, of that town, to print an edition of five thousand copies, the compensation to be three thousand dollars, which was to be paid, one half by Martin Harris and the other half by Joseph and Hyrum Smith.

Joseph procured the copyright, and the work of printing progressed with slight interruptions, and some quite malignant annoyances from certain enemies, until it was finally completed.

The first page of this edition contains the title, which, in the language of the Prophet:

"Is a literal translation, taken from the very last leaf, on the left hand side of the collection, or book of plates, which contained the record which has been translated, the language of the whole running the same as all Hebrew writing in general; and said title page is not by any means a modern composi-

3i6 THE INDIAN EMPIRE tion, either of mine or any other man's who has lived or does live in this generation."The only words which are modern on this page were:

BY JOSEPH SMITH, JUNIOR, AUTHOR AND PROPRIETOR.

PALMYRA:

PRINTED BY E. B. GRANDIN, FOR THE AUTHOR.

1830.

On the opposite side of the title page is a transcript of the copyright in full, signed by R.

R. Lansing, clerk of the Northern District of New York.

The next two pages contain the following:

PREFACE.

To the Reader—

As many false reports have been circulated respecting the following work, and also many unlawful measures taken by evil designing persons to destroy me, and also the work, I would inform you that I translated, by the gift and power of God, and caused to be written, one hundred and sixteen pages, the which I took from the Book of Lehi, which was an account abridged from the plates of

Lehi, by the hand of Mormon;

which said account, some person or persons have stolen and kept from me, notwithstanding my utmost exertions to recover it again—and being commanded of the

Lord that I should not translate the same over again, for Satan had put it into their hearts to tempt the Lord their

God by altering the words, that they did read contrary from that which I translated and caused to be written; and if I should bring forth the same words again, or, in other words, if I should translate the same over again, they would publish that which they had stolen, and Satan would stir up the hearts of this generation, that they might not receive this work; but behold, the Lord said unto me, I will not suffer that Satan shall accomplish his evil design in this thing: therefore thou shalt translate from the plates of Nephi, until ye come to that which ye have retained; and behold ye shall publish it as the record of Nephi; and thus I will confound those who have altered my words;

I will not suffer that they shall destroy my work; yea, I will shew unto them that my wisdom is greater than the cunning of the Devil.

Wherefore, to be obedient unto the commandments oi God, I have, through his grace and mercy, accomplished that which he hath commanded me respecting this thing.

I would also inform you that the plates ol which hath been spoken, were found in the township of Manchester, Ontario county, New-York.

The Author.

On the opposite page commences the First Book of Nephi.

The body of the work contains five hundred and eighty-eight pages, and is followed by the Testimony of the Witnesses, printed on two additional pages with the- same sized type.

This is the last thing in the volume.

THE INDIAN EMPIRE.

The reader already knows that the great peninsula of Hindostan, in Southern Asia, with its two hundred millions of souls, and its vast sources of wealth, is ruled absolutely by the English crown.

Hindostan has come into English hands as the result of a series of conquests, extending over the past two centuries.

Up to 1868, India (as Hindostan is usually called) was governed by a great commercial corporation, known as the East India Company.

This company established itself there for purposes ol trade, more than two hundred years ago.

As it grew in wealth, the company began to make military conquests, and to govern the native races thus subjected to its sway, until finally the company found itself the absolute ruler over nearly the entire peninsula.

In 1868, however, the government of India was

THE INDIAN EMPIRE.

transferred from the East India Company to the British crown.

A cabinetoffice was created—that of Secretary of

State for India;

and this minister has ever since had charge of the affairs of the great dependency, representing it in the Cabinet and in Parliament.

He is aided in governing India by a Council, part of which is named by the Crown, and part by the directors of the old East

India Company.

The real autocrat of India, however, is the governor-general, or viceroy.

He is now appointed by the Crown, usually holds office for five years, and receives a salary of one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars a year.

He resides in a palace at Calcutta, and lives in great state and splendor.

He is always a British nobleman of high rank and marked executive ability.

The present governor-general is the Marquis of Ripon. The governor-general is assisted in governing the Hindoo millions hy a council of five members, to whom is added the commander-in-chief of the Indian army.

This Council, like the governor-general, is appointed by the Crown.

The sway of the governor-general over India is simply that of an absolute despot.

Aside from the control of the Secretary of State in London, his power knows no limit.

He makes the laws for the empire, and appoints all the judges, lieutenant-governors and other officials of the many provinces.

The native Hindoo, therefore, has not the least share in the government of his country.

He is just as much under the governor-general's power as are the Russian peasants under that of the Czar.

Several reforms, looking towards giving the natives some part in managing their affairs, have just been proposed by the present viceroy, the liberal and progressive Marquis of Ripon.

He thinks the time has come to give the Hindoo a moderate taste of political liberty.

He believes that England can only continue to hold India by admitting the natives to a part in the administration, and thus reconciling them to English rule.

Only two of these reforms—the two most important—need be mentioned here.

One is, that native judges should be appointed to preside over the courts, who should have jurisdiction not only over native, but also over English, offenders against the laws.

The other is, that local boards of administration should be appointed in the various provinces, consisting both of Englishmen and of natives, to act upon the purely local affairs of their special districts.

.

It can only be guessed what will be the result of these reforms, should they be carried out under Lord Ripon's auspices.

There is already a fierce opposition to them, both among the English residents in India and Tory statesmen in England; but the experiment will probably be tried.

The power of the governor-general would be much more limited if these measures were adopted.

On the other hand, this might go far towards winning the restless natives, who are often in a condition bordering on revolt, to a loyalty to their English empress.

It may at least be said, that the reforms proposed are entirely in accordance with the spirit of our age, which is in favor of enlarging the liberties of peoples everywhere, and that an enlightened and generous motive has undoubtedly prompted the proposal of them.

Origin of "Thanatopsis."—"Rhymes of boys are but songs of the mockingbird,"says Mr. George W. Curtis, referring to the fact that poetry written by the young is usually imitative.

Yet the imitative intellect of a boy of seventeen produced a poem whose genuine originality made an epoch in American literature. We refer to Bryant's "Thanatopsis,"which the poet Stoddard calls "the greatest poem ever written by so young a man."The story of the origin of the poem, as told by Mr. Goodwin in his biography of the poet, shows the boy, already the author of many verses, walking in the woods one autumn day.

He had been reading Blair's poem of "The Grave,"and Kirke White's "Melodies of Death."

The gray sky, the brown earth heaped with sere and withered leaves, the

3i« ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

hollow-sounding ground, the loneliness of the forest, and the prostrate, mouldering trees suggested the thought that the vast solitudes were filled with the sad tokens of decay.

What, indeed, he asked himself, as the thought expanded in his mind, is the whole earth but a great sepulchre of once living things;

and Its skies and stars but the witnesses and decorations of a tomb?

He hurried home and endeavored to paint his thought to the eye, and render it in music to the ear. When he finished his task, he coined for it a name from the

Greek, "Thanatopsis,"or a view of death.

Usually he took his poems to his father for criticism, or read them aloud to his brothers.

But he hid "Thanatopsis"away in a pigeon-hole of his father's desk, on which it had been written.

Some months later, the father, while his son was absent from home, discovered "Thanatopsis"and a few other poems.

He was so much delighted with them that he carried them to Boston to subject them to the examination of his friend

Phillips, then engaged in editing The North American Review.

As "Thanatopsis,"in the first draft, was full of erasures and interlineations,

Dr. Bryant, the poet's father, had transcribed it, but left the other pieces in their original state.

Mr. Phillips was not at home when he called, and so he left the package with his name.

Mr. Phillips was so much pleased with the poems that he hastened to Cambridge to read them to Richard H.

Dana, who as a critic was an acknowledged authority in literature.

"Ah, Phillips,"said Dana, with a quiet smile, at the close of the reading, "you have been imposed upon; no one on this side of the Atlantic is capable of writing such verses.""I know,"answered Phillips, with some spirit, "the gentleman who wrote the best of them, at least, very well; he is an old acquaintance of mine—Dr.

Bryant—at this moment sitting at the State House in Boston as Senator from Hampshire County.""Then,"responded Dana, "I must have a look at him,"and, putting on his clogs and his cloak, he trudged over to

Boston.

"Arrived at the Senate,"said Mr. Dana, in a conversation afterwards, "I caused the doctor to be pointed out to me.

I looked at him with profound attention and interest; and while I saw a man of striking presence, the stamp of genius seemed to me to be wanting.

"It is a good head,'I said to myself, 'but I do not see 'Thanatopsis'in it,'and went back a little disappointed."The poem was published in the Review, and immediately excited the praise of cultured readers.

But it required Dr.

Bryant's strongest affirmation to convince them that his son Cullen had written, when but seventeen years of age, the best poem that had then been published in the United States.

When I was young, I was sure of everything.

In a few years, having been mistaken a thousand times, I was not half so sure of most things as before.

Now that I am an old man, I am hardly sure of anything but what God has revealed to me—John Wesley.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

SEMI-ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

The semi-annual Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. A. was held in the Assembly

Hall, Monday morning, April 9th, 1883, commencing at o'clock, General Superintendent Wilford Woodruff presiding.

The singing exercises were provided by the Tabernacle choir and rendered very beautifully.

The opening prayer was offered by President Joseph E.

Taylor.

Fourteen Stake Superintendents responded to the roll call and came to the stand.

The minutes of the previous conference were read by the

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

secretary, Nephi W.

Clayton, and approved.

Remarks were then made, which indicated that the spirit of the work of mutual improvement was fully alive in the hearts of the speakers, by the following officers: Milton H.

Hardy, Utah;

Morgan Richards, Parowan, and Joseph H.

Felt, Salt Lake; and Sisters E. S. Taylor,

Zina Y. Williams and Mary Freeze, of the

Young Ladies'Association.

Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock.

Prayer by Elder Hyrum S. Woolley.

The afternoon meeting commenced by the choir singing a hymn on page 163, "Jesus, mighty King in Zion."Prayer was offered.

Singing by the choir.

The general report of the Associations was read by the secretary and ordered printed in the Contributor.

The following questions having been propounded, were read by President Woodruff, with the answers given by the

Superintendency:

When County or Association officers are called away on missions, should their places be filled temporarily or permanently?

Vacancies should be filled, whenever they occur, permanently.

Should regular quarterly conferences be held in each Stake?

Yes, and the dates supplied the General Secretary, so that appointments may be made by the General Superintendency of officers to attend them.

Should systematic Scriptural exercises be insisted upon?

It is desirable to encourage the study of the Scriptures, and to accomplish the most in that direction, system is necessary.

To facilitate the adoption of a simple system that will not be too straight-laced, it is proposed that we publish a pamphlet containing suggestive programmes, Scriptural subjects properly arranged, etc.

This will probably be done by the commencement of another season.

Should non-members of the Church be admitted as members ofAssociations?

As a rule they should not, but the officers must be governed according to circumstances.

Should ladies preside alternately or at any time at the conjoint sessions of the

Associations or at the Quarterly Conferences?

Ladies should not preside where mixed meetings are held and men holding authority are present.

Should officers be set apart, and by whom?

Officers should not be set apart; no one is specially authorized to perform that labor.

Highly instructive addresses were then delivered by President Woodruff, Junius

F. Wells and Matthias F. Cowley.

The subjects spoken upon were the necessity of young men qualifying themselves to occupy the positions they would be called upon to fill; the value and necessity of protecting chastity and virtue among the young men and women of Zion.

Meeting adjourned until o'clock.

Singing by the choir.

Prayer by L. R.

Martineau.

Meeting met pursuant to adjournment.

Prayer by Apostle George Teasdale.

The financial report of the general fund was read by Treasurer W. S. Burton and accepted, after which all the officers of the Association were unanimously sustained.

Apostle Moses Thatcher delivered a brief but highly instructive and interesting lecture on skepticism and infidelity, showing that no substantial improvement was ever made in the world by unbelief, but by men that believed in God.

The lecturer also touched upon the science of life, and earnestly exhorted the young people of Zion to be governed by the eternal laws of God and nature in selecting life companions. The address was listened to with marked attention and enjoyed by all who heard it.

President Woodruff then addressed the Conference.

He made some very interesting remarks on the calling of ministers of the Gospel in the world.

The congregation sang the doxology, and the Conference was dismissed by Apostle George Teasdale.

Nephi W.

Clayton, Secretary.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

O-Cfq < <;? o 3 c 5.-* g »p ps «SaS a p p o n> p £ &'3 cr >HMmH i—n> w O O Pi HE No. of Associations.

OOKlU+.4-tfl!»BHHBBIOH4-Oi& No. of Members.

Increase.

Decrease.

Oi Qvl^l M Co VI on Average Attendance.

No. of Quarterly Conferences.

O O QOVI 0\Qs)0 Q No. of Regular Meetings.

No. of Conjoint Sessions.

co o to M M M ON CO No. of Extra Meetings.

Total Meetings.

ON C O B MO 10 Ji OOCn No. of Visitors Sent.

No. of Visitors Received.

No. of Visitors Gen. and Co. Officers.

CO +. vt Co o o oo'jim No. of Members on Missions.

No. of Libraries.

4- N) VI W CO oo on no vi io o 4- NO NO tO QN M 4- Cn CO O CO Cn O CO 4- Cn H V) m O O 10 CO 4- No. of Volumes.

c HX K d xo ox CO No. Added.

M VI ON H M M l-i H tO No. of Manuscript Papers.

w M to Cn Q M OO o VI H ON CO M ON Bible—No. of Chapters Read.

CO NO +• H B H H NO tO H CO 00CO O CO ON ONNO On ii M CO tO CO ^n m Cn 4- OO M Ol M CO.NO CO 4- O 4- OOCO NO Book of Mormon—No. of Chapters

Read.

On O tO 10 CO Cn n Cn nq m ii 4- Cn ON On M O n n CO Cn ON to O O QnCO Doctrine and Covenants—No.

of Chapters Read.

to co co tO ON On to CO H H O M NO NO CO 00 ON QNCn OOCn VI Other Church Works—No. of Chapters Read.

Cn M VJ m On CO n ON 00 H M VI VI to to 4- NO CO NO CO to H QNVI Cn Miscellaneous Books—No. of Chapters Read.

vi o CO M Total.

O 00 ON 00 00 OOCo Cn On 00 On m Cn Cn On to to Oi Bible—No. of Lectures.

i 00 On Co.

Book of Mormon—No.

of Lectures.

Church Historv—No. of Lectures 4-ONOt0t0n00l0 On Miscellaneous—No. of Lectures.

O VI NO 00ii to to oo to O O Co oo 00 QnnO 4- n QnVI 4- ON Total.

m to ONCn No. of Testimonies Borne.

Questions Answered.

P.TEASDEL 3 SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goads, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, kt n d d s *"General Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P.

O. BOX. 352.

S. F. TEASDEL, East Temple Street, in w WALL PAPER, FEATHERS, BA-BY CARRIAGES, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window Cornices, ''§ Window Shades, Lace Curtains, Lambrequins, |g|| AT I B fk imwmii FIRST SOUTH STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

B BE'•a IV 1TJ IF mg$ #aHw!n 124 & 126 EAST TEMPLE STREET, Are deceiving their Large and WELL 8SLSCR9 STOCK—OP CONSISTING OF Fancy & Staple Dry Goods, Brocaded Velvets, Silksi Satins and Casslmerea.

Mostly our own Importations.

HOSIERY, CORSETS, LACES, NECKWEAR,—AND AT Heci6onctble MriccA.

ladies', mmti and |,frilfen r p Shoes and l%ers.

GENT'S AND BOYS'CLOTHING, FURNISHING GOODS,

HATS, BOOTS AND SHOES OF BEST QUALITY.

ladies', Misses'udOirm'i dolmans, cloaks & ulsters, OIE 1 LATEST STYLES.

OUR CARPET DEPARTMENT Is Oompleie in Every Line.

MILLINERY in all its Bran*, Newcsl Designs and Sly/es,

LYNCH & COTTRELL, RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South Streets- C NERAL AGENTS FOR UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA—FOR THE—

—ALSO—

0-A.I^I^I^.C3-ES and IHLAJR/ILTESSDealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

To Fuckers of Home-made SOOTS ud SHOES, The Just renown of the Boots and Shoes made by i. R H, L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Uoods.

BSS- BEWAEE OF IMITATION. -®a Purchase only those bearing OUR BRAND.

H. W. SPENCER.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, GRAVE AND MOBTM 1US0NS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P. 0. Bos, 1065, SALT LASS CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

M.

R. EVANS.

Walker Opera House, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1C19, DEALERS IN } f) m CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY, Cam Field and Opera Glasses, Notions, Etc //•so a Fine Stock of TOBACCO,

GIQARS, CIGARETTES AND SMOKERS'ARTICLES.

^5 >1 I'Co i Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our

Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are four stories in height.

The floorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET.

-JTo. 1237 First South Street, Jf^be ^Jte^js 0^ i)qv}d li]e Slices! of Mqfs it) Sqsoi), PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ c^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS

Jill Orders entrusted to our Care promptly (Delivered.

President:

<ft.

H. HOOPER.

Vice-Prest. and Superintendent:

WM. JENNINGS.

Secretary and Treasurer:

T.

G. WEBBER.

Branch Housas at r 0GDEN, WEBER CO., UTAH.

'LOGAN, CACHE CO., UTAH.

CDY SPRINGS, IDAHO.

Importers and Wholesale and littail Dealers in "&^i^-2- -^=S^.o-»-o g ENE1kuy^pxghandise.

SALT LAKH CITY.

DUCK bUITS, OVERCOATS AND OVERALL Leather and Findings, Tintcare and Stamped Ware, N^^ CROCKERY and GLASSWARE, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE Stoves, Grates and (Ranges, [mm Staple and FaqcJ (^oeeife PROVISIONS AND PRODUCE, Pure Drugs and Medicines, TOOLS AND IMPLEMENTS, Paper Hangings, Newest Designs

STATIONARY AND SCH30L BOOK 3, Rubber Gcods, Etc., Etc., Etc.

_!5®J AND HOUSE FURNISHINGS In all Qualities and of Latest Styles

Co-opetative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our choice and carefully selected stock.