« wx *.

y.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

vol.

V.

DEGEMBER, 1SSS.

3 - SF)e A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS s-ftxie uK;e cxty, uor-ax-*.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR DECEMBER, 1883.

History of the Book of Mormon.

Contents of the Records.

II.

George Reynolds.

..

Wonders of the Yellowstone.

The Geysers.

Ill De Vallibus Political Institutions.

III.

y. M. Tanner The Engravers'Delight A. B. Hall..

The Niagara Frontier y. H. Ward Sermons and Writings of the Prophets.

Mahometanism and Christianity Parley P. Pratt...

Ireland and the Irish.

III...

R. S. Spence At Sea C.

V. S Co-operation.

I H. W. Naisditt A Warrior Queen Selected Divine Authority; Who Have it?

A. M.Buchanan..., Louis Kossuth In Memory E. H. Anderson..

Editorial:

Charles C. Rich Right Survives Might Essay Caigh Extinction of Druidism Chas.

IV. Stayner.

Association Intelligence:

Report Blanks Quarterly Conference—Cache Names of Officers—Weber Stake PAGE..

..

9i "3 Beos - 2c Burton Opposite Z. C. M.

t/3 0. L EUASON, 162 Main Street, S SPECTACLES AND Eye Glasses. JEWELRY.

SILVER PLATED WAKE en

THE OLDEST, LARGEST and Host [ague furniture Establishment in tie JJocky fountains.

CARJBFVJL A'lTJSNTION GIVEN TO OWD1SRS BY MAIL.

H. DINWOODIEY, First South Street W.

Dr. Seymonr B. Young, PHTSICIAH Next to +he Contributor Office.

Office and Residence, 4th East St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

„-—P. O. Box 6 to.

gM «§ GMtr&lI, RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South StreetsGENERAL AGENTS FOR UTAH.

IDAHO AM MONTANA,—FOR THE—

n Dealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

I 44 lain St., SALT LAKE CITY, ifciU/'J WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

OFFEES A FULL LINE 07 General CQei^ghandiseJ WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CTTY.

«1 AND BEST IMPORTED MA.KKS.

JIEN'g, Yea^pg'K]W B@¥g'CITING.

CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK/'AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS. STATIONERY.

INK, ETC.

To Purchasers

of Home-made BOOTS and SHOES, The Just renown of the Boots and Shoes made by Z. C* M. L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Woods.

B&- BEWABE OP IMITATION. "®S Purchase only those bkabfNG OtTB BRAHD.

yc&#$p<c^$pc$%>.

H.

B. CLAWSON.

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc. Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapfirs, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, WE AND ItOfflWEML IUSDHS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER,

BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

F.

0. Box, 1065, BALT LAEE CIT7.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

FALL STOCK.

NEW GOODS.

ESTABLISHED 1864.

We take pleasure in informing the Public and our Patrons, that our s3FAUj stock is akbivif^ For our Various Departments, ALL NEW GOODS OF LATEST DESIGNS AND COLORS.

We Invite Everybody to Examine and Price them.

\m\ Stock oi Summer Sods will Is -A_T LO"WBST PRICES.

Merchants and Wholesale Buysrs will find our Stock Complete, at Eastern and Western Competition Prices.

ORDERS WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

A-- TX7"ILLIA 3^E S., AG^RNT FOR DELIVEBED $6.50 PER T03ST.

ALL GRADES. LOWEST PRICES.

OFFICE, 127 MAIN STREET, NEXT TO BARRATT BROS.

PPHOLSTE M* Budding, «-^WV^'VAV~—

^URJMITUP^E, E A T H E I^S Blind—^Ws/YAvARRIAGES, f» ba J"\ 2l &JP Em to SALT LAKE CITY.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN I Sty Goods, Brocades, loots,, Shoes, Hardware, lotion, AND ALL KINDS OF GENERAL MERHANDISE.

Best l£ouse for ZF^xMLily Supplies.

S.

F. TEASDEL, p. o. box 35^.

east Temple Street.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, G5^7Vo. 1Q87 First South Street W,=5CO S? "S^Ljst Jf^be ^Ito^ljs o^ i)^^3 Itje Choicest of?y)qfs in) Season) PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ rfeAND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fill Orders entrusted to our Care promptly (Pslivered.

The Glory of God is Intellige?ice.

Vol. V.

DECEMBER, 1883.

No.

3.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON,

CONTENTS OF THE RECORDS.—II.

A number of devoted and inspired Nephite missionaries now appeared in the midst of the Lamanites.

They were led by the four sons of King Mosiah, and for fourteen years they tarried and ministered among their dark skinned and darker minded brethren.

Their mission produced a great revolution in Lamanite society.

At first they passed through many scenes of danger, discomfort and suffering; they were cast out, imprisoned and tortured, but their lives, as had been prophesied, were all preserved.

By and by, their faith, patience, courage and devotion triumphed, and they had the unspeakable joy of baptizing into the Church many thousands of their former enemies.

All of the obedient ones, with one single exception, were literal descendants of Lehi's elder sons, while those in whose veins ran apostate Nephite blood, rejected the Gospel message, fought it with all their powers, and ultimately were the means of shedding the blood of thousands of the Christian citizens of their adopted country.

The first person of note converted to

God, was Lamoni, King of Ishmael, and it was in his dominions that the first Lamanite Christian church was built up.

Lamoni was a tyrant as a monarch, but affectionate as the head of a family, and the incidents of his conversion, which are of great interest, again bring before us the strong feelings of love and attachment in the family circle which were as abiding a trait of Lamanite character as was their ferocity on the battle field.

A few years later, the old king, though at first desperately opposed to the Gospel, was himself brought to an understanding of its saving truths, and from that time, the work of the Lord prospered under the royal protection and encouragement.

But before this, the Lamanites had made a disastrous expedition into the territory of the Nephites.

A division among the latter people (B.

C.

87) afforded an excellent opportunity for an inroad.

A man named Amlici aspired to kingly authority, in which ambitious designs he was sustained by a numerous following.

When defeated by the popular vote, "the voice of the people,"Amlici appealed to arms, and entered into secret negotiations with the Lamanites.

The latter equipped two armies one commanded by the king, marched down the river Sidon, and headed direct for the city of Zarahemla, the other, a few days in the rear, proceeded down the east bank.

The first army united with the Amlicites in the land of Minon, about two days journey south of Zarahemla, and suffered a terrible defeat at the hands of the Nephites, under Alma;

the other corps met with a similar fate a few days later.

The loss to the Lamanites was immense;

thousands were driven into the wilderness in the northwest, where most of them died of their wounds or from privations.

The remnants retreated to their own land, and with them went those who were left of the Amlicites, who, from this time, joined the fortunes of the Lamanites, and gave additional strength to the

S2 HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

apostate element who were all the time gaining influence and power at the expense of the original descendants of Lehi's rebellious sons.

No sooner had the old King embraced the Gospel and extended his powerful protection to its converts, than the apostates of Nephite extraction showed signs of active insubordination.

They were determined that they would yield obedience to none, Nephite or Lamanite, who believed in the coming of the Messiah.

The Lamanites who had accepted the Gospel message were those who dwelt in the lands of Middoni, Shilom, Ishmael and Shemlon, and in the cities of Nephi, Lemuel, and Shimnilon, while the Amulonites and their ilk, and the associate Lamanites whose homes were in the lands of Helam, Amulon, Jerusalem and the regions round about turned a scornful ear to the glad message. Their opposition to its teachings grew apace, and before long developed into open rebellion, dividing the Lamanite kingdom into two distinct communities. The

Christians dropped the old name with all its abhorred associations, and the king chose for them the appellation of the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi, that being the name he gave to his son, upon whom he conferred the kingdom. About this time the old king died.

We have now arrived at one of the most pathetic and glorious events in the history of Israel, one which sanctifies the Lamanite race with the powers of martyrdom, and, by the blood of the victims, washes its garments white from many a former sin.

The Anti-NephiLehi's, convinced of the folly and sin of their past lives of bloodshed and rapine, and deeply penitent for all their former crimes, took their weapons of war and buried them deep in the earth, with an oath and covenant to heaven that they would never again, under any circumstances shed human blood.

Their integrity was soon put to the test, for the unconverted Lamanites, incited and led by the Nephite apostates, fell upon them, and with sword and spear massacred one thousand and five of their innocent, unresisting fellows.

No opposition was offered, no vain strugglings occurred, the victims calmly but resolutely bowed before the assassins'steel, and rejoiced in the opportunity of showing their devotion to God, even unto death.

The sacrifice of so many of their unresisting brethren brought a deep change of feeling in many of the rude Lamanites; they refused to be any longer the murderers of their kindred; they strove to emulate so noble an example, and more were added, that day, to the Church, than those whose spirits had ascended to the

Great White Throne, and whose blood smoked up to heaven as a testimony against traitors and apostates.

The intriguing apostate clans who hated the Nephites with a fiercer hatred than the Lamanites had done, as their pretended wrongs were of more recent origin, not being able to incite the people to fresh atrocities against their Christian brethren, managed to get up a Nephite invasion.

They rapidly and unexpectedly marched along the western borders of the Nephite territory, and suddenly fell upon Ammonihah, whose worthless, apostate citizens they massacred without regard to age or sex, and then utterly destroyed the city by fire.

They next marched to the neighboring Land of Noah, whence they carried off many prisoners, among whom were a great number of women and children.

As they drew near the southern confines of the Nephite territory, they were vigorously attacked and scattered by the Nephite general Zoram.

The captives were everyone delivered, and the Lamanites fled to their own land, having accomplished the just decrees of an Alwise God in the destruction of rotten Ammonihah, but without having brought honor or substantial reward to themselves.

While thus smarting under the shame of ignominious defeat, and incited by the Amalickites, they again fell upon the unoffending people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi, and again stained thenhands with the blood of unresisting innocence, whom they no doubt felt sympathized with their Nephite fellow-Christians.

It is probable that they would ultimately have destroyed the whole

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

of this persecuted people, had not the latter, under the guidance of the heaveninspired Amnion, left their homes and possessions, and undertaken an exodus northward.

They threw themselves upon the generosity of the Nephites, who joyfully received them, and apportioned the land of Jershon for their inheritance.

Thus ended the dynasty of which Anti-Nephi-Lehi was the last king, and the history of his expatriated people,* from this time, more properly belongs to the annals of the Nephites than of the Lamanites, while the history of the latter race is to a great extent the history of Nephite apostates who henceforth largely held control and government.

When the exasperated Lamanites found the Ammonites had forsaken their homes to escape their unholy vengeance, they gathered in pursuit.

A battle ensued in the wilderness that separated the two nations, in which tens of thousands of Lamanites were slain and scattered abroad; there was also a tremendous slaughter among the forces of the

Nephites (B.

C.

77).

But the invaders were repulsed and compelled to return discomfited to their southern homes.

The Zoramites (B. C. 74) were the next body of Nephites who seceded to the Lamanites; as usual, they were traitors and apostates.

They entered into a treasonable correspondence with the ever-ready sympathizers with apostasy over the border, which resulted in a united armed expedition against the Zoramites'late fellow citizens.

The Zoramites inhabited a large tract of country east of the River Sidon, stretching southward from the Caribbean Sea to the wilderness.

Into this region the Lamanites marched, with the intention of joining their new allies in an invasion of the Land of Jershon,f but the Nephite patriots assembled with such alacrity in that land, that the plan of the * The Nephites gave this people the name of Ammonites, in honor of Ammon, the son of king Mosiah, and the president of the mission to this race.

| Jershon appears to have lain to the north cf the Land of the Zoramites.

campaign was changed and the invading forces determined to retire through the wilderness and sweep round by the upper waters of the Sidon into the land of Manti.

In this war the Lamanite commander, Zarahemnah, adopted the policy (which was almost universally followed in succeeding wars) of appointing

Nephite apostates to be the chief officers of the Lamanite hosts; their intelligence, forcefulness, hatred of their former associates and hardened natures making them implacable foes to the enemy and dauntless leaders of the men under their command.

The forces of Zarahemnah were met near the River Sidon, by the forces of the Republic, under Moroni and Lehi;

a most sanguinary and hotly contested battle ensued, which was carried on for many hours on both sides of the river with great loss to each of the contending forces, but more especially to the Lamanite soldiery whose almost naked bodies had no protecting armor to resist the sharp weapons of the better armed Nephites.

Still the rude warriors, confident in their overwhelming numbers, and encouraged by the desperate valor of their ambitious leaders, fought with magnificent courage.

But all in vain, except superior numbers, everything—discipline, equipment, arms, and above all the blessing of God—was with their enemies; their desperate and long-continued struggles were fruitless, and at last their wounded leader surrendered and entered into a covenant of peace, never again to commence hostilities against the Nephites.

Having given this promise, and after being disarmed, the magnanimous Moroni permitted the survivors to return to the Land of Nephi.

Peace, however, was but short lived, internal dissensions created by the intrigues of apostates and royalists convulsed the Nephite community.

The rebels were led by a descendant of Zoram, the servant of Laban, named Amalickiah.

Being overwhelmingly defeated by Moroni he fled to the Lamanites, and there evolved a plot worthy of a demon, which only ceased with life. He was a Napoleon in ambitio

H HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

and diplomacy, and possibly also in military skill.

At the earliest favorable opportunity after reaching the Lamanite court, he commenced to rekindle the fires of hatred towards his former friends.

At first he was unsuccessful, the recollection of their late defeats was too fresh in the memory of the multitude.

The king issued a war proclamation.

It was disregarded.

Much as his subjects feared the imperial power, they dreaded renewed war more.

Many assembled to resist the royal mandate.

The king, unused to such objections, raised an army to quell the advocates of peace, and placed it under the command of the now zealous Amalickiah.

The peace men had chosen an officer named Lehonti for their king and leader, and he had assembled his followers at a mountain called Antipas.

Thither Amalickiah marched, but with no intention of provoking a conflict; he was working for the good feelings of the entire Lamanite people.

On his arrival he entered into a secret correspondence with

Lehonti, in which he stipulated to surrender his forces on condition that he should be appointed second in command of the united armies.

The plan succeeded, Amalickiah surrendered to Lehonti and assumed the second position.

Lehonti now stood in the way of his ambition, it was but a little thing to remove him;

he died by slow poison.

Amalickiah now assumed supreme command, and at the head of his forces he marched towards the Lamanite capital.

The king, supposing that the approaching hosts had been raised to carry the war into Zarahemla, came out of the royal city to greet and congratulate the victorious general.

As he drew near he was traitorously slain by some of the creatures of the subtle officer, who at the same time raised the hue-and-cry that the king's own servants were the authors of the vile deed.

Amalickiah assumed all the airs of grief, affection and righteous indignation that he thought would best suit his purpose, then made apparently desperate, but purposely ineffectual efforts to capture those who were charged with the crime, and so adroitly did he carry out his schemes, that before long he wheedled himself into the affections of the queen.

They were married, and he was recognized by the Lamanites as their king.

Thus far his ambition was realized, but it was far from satisfied, ambition seldom or never is.

Amalickiah now cherished the stupendous design of subjugating the Nephites and ruling singly and alone from ocean to ocean (B.

C.

73).

To accomplish this iniquitous purpose, he dispatched emissaries in all directions, whose mission was to make inflammatory harangues to the populace, and stir up their angry passions against the Nephites.

When this object was sufficiently accomplished, and the deluded people had become clamorous for war, he raised an immense army, armed and equipped with an excellence never before known among the Lamanites.

This force he placed under the command of Zoramite officers, and ordered its advance into the western possessions of the Nephites.

The Nephites, during this time, had been watching Amalickiah's movements and energetically preparing for war.

When the Lamanites reached Ammonihah, they found it too strongly fortified to be taken by assault; they therefore retired to Noah, originally a very weak place, but now, through Moroni's foresight and energy, yet stronger than Ammonihah. The Zoramite officers well knew that to return home without having attempted something would be most disastrous; they, therefore, though with little hope, made an assault upon Noah, which resulted in throwing away a thousand lives outside its walls, while the well protected defenders had simply fifty men wounded. After this disastrous attempt the Lamanites marched homeGreat was the anger of Amalickiah at the miscarriage of his schemes;

in his wrath he cursed God and swore he would yet drink the blood of Moroni.

During the next year the Lamanites were driven out of the great eastern wilderness, which was occupied by numerous Nephite colonies, who laid the foundations of several new cities along;

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

the Atlantic coast.

Moroni also established a line of fortifications along the Nephites'southern border, which stretched from one side of the continent to the other.

It was not until the year B. C. 67, that Amalickiah again succeeded in raising forces to invade Zarahemla.

That time seemed most propitious for the success of his ambitious projects, as the Nephites were rent into factions and convulsed with the contentions of republicans and royalists, the latter being in traitorous correspondence with the Lamanite monarch.

In this invasion the bloodthirsty king trusted no subordinate officers to lead his vast hosts, but commanded in person.

He adopted a different policy to that which had marked former campaigns.

He first invaded the extreme southeast of the Nephite possessions and attacked Moroni, the outlying city on the Atlantic seaboard.

This he captured.

Leaving a small garrison therein he advanced northward along the sea shore, reducing one after another the fortified cities of Nephihah, Lehi, Morianton, Omner, Gid, Mulek and others of lesser note.

Each city, as he conquered it, was yet more strongly fortified, and a small force left within its walls, while he, at the head of the great bulk of his forces, continued his pursuit of the retreating Nephites.

This advance was continued until he reached the borders of Bountiful, the most northerly of the lands of the Nephites on the southern continent.

Here he was arrested in his triumphal march by a Nephite army under Teancum, and after a day's hard fighting (the last day of the Nephite year), he camped on the sea shore.

During the night the valiant Teancum entered the Lamanite camp, sought out the royal tent, thrust a javelin into the heart of the king as he slept, and then escaped. The next morning the Lamanites, discovering that their monarch was slain, retreated to the city of Mulek.

Ammaron, the brother of Amalickiah, succeeded him upon the throne.

He continued the war policy, and took personal command of his armies in the southwest.

Here also the Nephites had lost ground. The cities of Cumeni, Zeezrom and Antiparah, and to the eastward the land and city of Manti, were held by the dark and savage warriors from the south.

Year after year the war rolled on with heart-sickening loss to both sides, but with gradual relief to the patriot Nephites.

Ammaron appears to have possessed all his brother's hatred and vindictiveness, but not his consummate cunning and great executive ability.

The first great disaster his armies suffered was the re-capture of Mulek;

outside of which city, Jacob (a Zoramite), the commander in that department, was slain.

He was a man after Amalickiah's own heart—dauntless in battle, unflinching in danger, overflowing in hatred to the enemy, and full of a vicious enthusiasm with which he infused the soldiers under his command.

His death was a great blow to the Lamanite cause, and from that time (B. C. 64) the Nephites rapidly, though not uninterruptedly, advanced to victory, and during yet four other years of bloodshed and destruction, had to continue the warfare before they succeeded in wresting every city from the grasp of the invader on both sides of the continent.

When the Lamanites were driven to their last hold on Nephite soil—the city of Moroni—the impetuous Teancum determined to again venture into the enemy's camp and slay King Ammaron, as he had before slain his predecessor and brother.

Again he succeeded, but at the cost of his own life.

The death struggles of the king apprised the guards of the situation and Teancum was pursued and killed.

And it came to pass in the year B. C.

60, that there were none of the Lamanites remaining to pollute the soil of the Nephites.

Peace was restored to the exhausted nations, both of which had spent their best energies and expended rivers of blood in the terrible struggle brought on to satisfy the hate and ambition of one traitor and murderer. The next king of the Lamanites of whom we read was Tubaloath, the son of Ammaron.

George Reynolds.

WONDERS OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

WONDERS OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

GEYSERS—III.

Soon after leaving the Grotto, on our return from the Upper Geyser Basin, we crossed the Firehole river and were entertained for ten minutes by a beautiful display from the

Riverside geyser, which is in eruption quite frequently and sometimes throws the columns of water from its two orifices from eighty to ninety feet.

All along on either side of the road we saw jets of steam rising from thousands of springs and geysers, some near the road side, others on the banks of the river and still others in the thick of the woods, where but for the constantly rising jets and clouds of steam they would never be noticed.

At Midway Geyser Basin is situated the most remarkable hot springs and one of the most wonderful geysers in the world.

The group occupies an area extending along the river about a mile in length and a quarter of a mile in width.

The principal springs are found on a mound about fifty feet above the river level on the left bank of the stream and sloping abruptly to the river's edge.

The sides of this mound for half a mile present a wonderfully beautiful variety of vivid coloring, from the overflow of the water from the Excelsior geyser.

The principal spring in the group is the Grand Prismatic Spring so called on account of the brilliant tints of the water.

It is certainly the largest and one of the most beautiful springs in the Park, which is equivalent to saying in the whole world.

Its dimensions are two hundred and fifty by three hundred and fifty feet.

The clouds of steam rising from the geyser near it greatly obscure the view, but we were fortunate in having a clear day and being able to approach it from two sides getting very good views both at a distance and near by.

A good point of observation is from the bluff on the opposite side of the river.

Over the central and deepest portion of this mammoth spring, called the bowl, the water is deep blue in color changing to green toward the edge.

The water of the shallower surrounding basin is of a yellow tint fading into orange.

Outside the. rim there is a brilliant red deposit which shades intopurples,browns and grays all painted upon a ground of grayish white, which forms the mound, built up of silicious deposit, upon which the spring is situated.

These beautiful colors are in vivid bands which are strikingly marked and distinct.

The water flowing off in every direction, with constant wavelike pulsations, over the beautifully scalloped and slightly raised rim of the spring, has formed a succession of beaded terraces, a few inches in height, down the slopes of the mound.

These vary in height and color.

It is impossible to exaggerate the varied depth and richness of the superb coloring which everywhere about this spring greets the eye.

Mr. Thomas Moran the celebrated painter has attempted to reproduce it in several paintings and while he has won new laurels from the art-loving public for the elegant and vivid pictures he has made, he is understood to have freely acknowledged that the best of his efforts utterly failed to equal the sublime wealth of nature's coloring about the Grand Prismatic Spring.

Not far to the northward of this is the Turquoise spring, the water of which is of a dark blue color.

It is a hundred feet in diameter and its overflow is carried off by a channel two feet wide and eight inches deep with slightly arched or overhanging sides, scalloped and beaded. The bottom is a brilliant white, almost prosphorescent and the edges yellow, fading into salmon color as the river is approached.

A most singular feature of this group is a cold water spring about thirty feet in diameter, situated within forty yards of the Grand Prismatic Spring, whose temperature near its edge is one hundred and fifty degrees Fahrenheit, and an equal distance from the Excelsior Geyser.

It is a beautiful ultramarine color and perfectly cold.

The proximity of these widely differing fountains, one

WONDERS OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

shallow, hence cool, the other from some deep-seated source, receiving a continual supply of heat, reminds us of Homer's lines:

"Next by Scawander's double, source they bound, Where two famed fountains burst the parted ground.

This, hot, through scorching clefts, is seen to rise, With exhalations streaming to the skies,

That the green banks in summer's heat o'erfiows, Like crystal clear, and cool as winter's snows."We now come to the Excelsior Geyser, which is doubtless the most powerful geyser known in the world.

In 1871 it was not recognized by the government exploring parties as a geyser, but was reported by Dr. Hayden to be an immense spring, which he called the

Caldron.

It was described by him as follows: "It seems to have broken out close by the river, and to have continually enlarged its orifice by the breaking down of its sides.

It evidently commenced on the east side, and the continual wear of the under side of the crust on the west side has caused the margin to fall in, until an aperture at least two hundred and fifty feet in diameter has been formed, with walls or sides twenty to thirty feet high, showing the lamina of deposition perfectly.

The water is intensely agitated all the time, boiling like a caldron, from which a vast column of steam is ever arising, filling the orifice.

As a passing breeze sweeps it away for a moment, one looks down into this terrible seething pit with terror.

All around the sides are large masses of silicious crust that have fallen from the rim. An immense column of water flows out of this caldron into the river.

As it pours over the marginal slope, it descends by numerous small channels, with a large number of smaller ones spreading over a broad surface, and the marvelous beauty of the strikingly vivid coloring far surpasses anything of the kind we have seen in this land of wondrous beauty.

There is every possible shade of color from vivid scarlet to a bright rose, and every shade of yellow to delicate cream, mingled with vivid green from minute vegetation.

Some of the channels were lined with a very fine, delicate yellow, silky material, which vibrates at every movement of the waters."As grand and wonderful as this phenomenal geyser appeared to the scientists, who designated it "an immense hot spring,"in 1871, the picture portrayed ten years later by Colonel Norris, Superintendent of the Park, far exceeds any previous description.

It was then revealed as a stupendous geyser, and was first heard by Colonel Norris, from six miles distant.

He reached the scene of this tremendous agitation too late to witness the eruption, though he saw its effects upon the Firehole River, which was so swollen by the flood as to wash away some bridges over the small streams below.

In February, 1880, the Excelsior became frightfully violent in its eruptions, causing the earth to rumble, and filling the valley with dense vopor. The period of action began about ten o'clock in the evening, gradually becoming later every night until on the first of July the eruption took place at ten in the morning, showing a loss of twelve hours during that period.

Colonel Norris reported that during the summer of 1880, the power of the eruptions was almost incredible.

He says that sufficient quantities of water were elevated from one hundred to three hundred feet, pouring over the mound into the river, which at this point is nearly a hundred yards wide, and rendering it a foaming torrent of steaming hot water.

Rocks weighing from one pound to one hundred pounds were hurled, like those from an exploded mine, over surrounding acres.

Since the Excelsior has increased in activity, the eruptions becoming quite frequent and very terrible, sending out compact bodies of water from sixty to seventy-five feet in diameter, to a height varying from sixty to three hundred feet.

It is a sufficiently awe-inspiring experience to stand at the verge of this steaming lake, upon the hollow crust which projects over the boiling water, and peer down upon the agitated sur-

POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

face as the clouds of scalding vapor are occasionally lifted by the breeze.

But when the geyser is in action, the awful noise and concussion produced by the falling water, accompanied by rumblings and vibrations like those of an earthquake, and the disagreeable habit of vomiting up stones, which is a special characteristic, warrant the visitor in keeping a safe distance away during the display of its terrible power.

De Vallibus.

Truth is as impossible to be soiled by any outward touch as the sunbeam.

Milton.

POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

Playing, as it does, so important a part in the origin and growth of political institutions, society must first be unfolded in its primitive state, that there its formation may be traced from the most vital circumstances which produce its development.

Social organization may be said to proceed from two causes, which overlap each other in their borderland, but which operate distinctively among men.

The first is that which insures private ends, and the second that which promotes public ends.

Whenever individuals discover their wants to be better supplied by exchange of labor or products, an incentive at once arises to further private gains and insure selfish ends.

But if gain was the only purpose for which society was formed, it would soon ignore those divinely appointed principles which, more than any others, distinguish man from the brute creation;

for says Duganne:

"A state, or human society, must be founded in relations of sympathy, affection and interest.

Accordingly, as these relations harmonize or conflict, so the community is healthy or otherwise.

Common interests and objects of society are founded upon privileges and rights of individuals.

A solitary human being might be able to tame wild animals and make them his companions and servants.

He could teach the dog to guard his hut, and the horse to bear his burden.

But his combination with dogs and horses could not form a state.

This is because the bond of a state, or community, consists of mutual sympathy and understanding, expressed by human language and affections.

Such a bond could not exist between man and the brute creation."The selfish conditions and gains of man should therefore be considered rather a means than the end of society.

Right here it may be observed in passing that the happiness to be attained in the formation of society is not furthered by wealth.

From the family to the highest type of society, the nation, accumulated wealth acquired by any other results than those of honest methods does not promote happiness or strengthen the bonds of affection.

It not unfrequently happens that the financial status of Utah is compared with that of Colorado; just as though the purpose of our social compact was to acquire wealth instead of the promotion of a common brotherhood established by correct social intercourse.

If individual gain is the purpose of human society then the monopolies which belong to our own great nation, as well as to all rapidly developed communities, satisfy the demands even in the misery they create.

If Colorado by her wealth provides schools, considers the welfare of the whole, guards public morals, and promotes generally the happiness of the individuals in mass more than Utah, without the wealth then the aim of her social compact is higher and nobler than ours.

If not, why boast of her rapid march in that civilization in which money counts against every attribute of God?

Riches is not a necessary concomitant of learning. Carthage was in riches the envy of the world, but whoever claims for it the achievements or greatness of Greece?

The disposition

POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

in the minds of men to seek individual gains and private ends was conducive to the development of human society; but when that disposition becomes the end rather than the means, it is subversive of the interest of mankind.

When men can exchange those products which they are skilled in making for those which they are less skilled in making, a mutual dependence arises, and mutual benefits accrue.

The ambition to accumulate leads men to open new industries and thereby become benefactors of their race.

In consequence of the disposition to promote private ends, men have as it were unconsciously established a division of labor and given variety to productions and increase to distribution.

In the second cause for the organization of society, where public ends are to be achieved political institutions assume a distinct form. They emerge from their embryonic state and in contrast to society, which is a patron, act as a punisher.

In consequence of aggression engendered by the wicked and selfish inclinations of men, individuals group themselves for defense to the extent that aggression increases until their social compact reaches its limit.

Since the happiness and promotion of mankind are effected only by society, those forces which contribute to social organism must be beneficial.

To the extent that speculation and contention even in warfare have served as a means to more perfectly complete the social fabric they may be considered to have a healthful if not a pleasant influence.

The evils which arise from the forces necessary to unite the interests of man result from a misapplication of them the same as with all the passions of men.

The world suffers from the abuse of those forces which are, by proper use, designed to further the interest of the human family.

"Most clearly,"says Spencer, "shall we perceive the contrast between these two kinds of organization on observing that, while they are both instrumental to social welfare they are instrumental in converse ways. That organization shown us by the division of labor for industrial purposes, exhibits combined action; but it is a combined action which directly seeks and subserves the welfare of individuals, and indirectly subserves the welfare ofsociety as a whole by preserving individuals.

Conversely, that organization evolved for governmental and defensive purposes, exhibits combined action; but it is a combined action which directly seeks and subserves the welfare of the society as a whole, and indirectly subserves the welfare of individuals by protecting the society.

Efforts for self preservation by the units originate the one form of organization;

while efforts for self-preservation by the aggregate originate the other form of organization.

In the first case, there is conscious pursuit of private ends only;

and the correlative organization resulting from this pursuit of private ends, growing up unconsciously, is without coercive power.

In the second case, there is conscious pursuit of public ends; and the correlative organization, consciously established, exercises coercion."

Society tends towards greater complexity in every advance.

This complexity tends toward class distinction until the different degrees of importance attached to each order or class in the, community is reached.

A gradation is manifestly necessary to the performance of individual functions which, because of their variety, give strength to the organization.

And although we may deplore the great class distinctions which have arisen in every form of government, there is evidently a beneficent design in the creation of social differences.

In animal organisms it is everywhere shown that increased importance attached to the work to be performed, is collateral with the increased diversity of the organisms necessary to perform the functional requirements. While the class grouping need not make any calling void of importance, yet the superior skill displayed by one class distinguishes it from another inclined to stupidity.

Members of the same family differ in their attainments and assume positions in precise accordance with their qualifications.

Nor is it any more true of the family than the community, the nation

9o POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

or the world, considered as made up of national units.

In the past nothing is more certain than the existence of this distinction, and there seems to be no doubt as to its eternal continuance. The evolutionist so views the condition of society, as society differentiates. The fitness of men to circumstances varied by the law of nature, implies social differences.

The heavens, according to Job, witnessed a class distinction in the plans devised for the most social inhabitants of this earth.

Paul declares the continuance of glories differing from one another among the children of God.

Science, therefore, as well as Scripture, invariable points to a constant and continuous classification of the human family.

That there shall ever exist a period when society shall become homogeneous, a period when men shall enjoy equal advantages from the endowments the Creator has made, on the earth or in the future state of man's existence, finds no sanction in any part of the history of man, or in the predictions of his future.

Reason and justice disclaim such a version, and the examples of God's creations do not warrant it.

But on what ground, it may be asked, should such social differences be made.

Let us again refer to the order of human progress, to examine the physical, intellectual and moral steps in the ladder set up for the human race to climb.

As has already been shown, the ancients organized themselves according to physical energy, and the same is true of man wherever he exists in a primitive state.

Cook wrote of the Sandwich Islanders: "The chiefs are tall and stout, and their personal appearance is so much superior to that of the common people that some have imagined them a distinct race."Of the African races, Reade remarks:

"The court lady is tall and elegant; her skin smooth and transparent; her beauty has stamina and longevity.

The girl of the middle classes, so frequently pretty, is very often short and coarse, and soon becomes a matron;

while, if you descend to the lower classes, you will find good looks rare, and the figure angular, stunted, sometimes almost deformed."

The physical differences in the ruling and ruled classes also characterize the Indian tribes of America.

After the physical, the mental class distinction began to arise.

Wealth, however, is instrumental in breaking down the barriers of the older social ranks.

To-day it so modifies the circumstances of men as to entirely revolutionize the social fabric in one generation.

However unstable social organizations become by the influence of wealth, their old forms are broken by it, and as means and wealth create new distinctions propitious to the interests of society.

But when it becomes the end rather than the means, the distinctions created by it are unfavorable.

But happily its barriers are breaking before influences observed in their embryo in the intellectual class distinctions, which have made rapid marches in the last half century.

Lastly there comes in social progress the moral elements; elements which serve to build up class distinctions capable of endurance, because they are not formed from a mixture of truth and error, as in the former distinctions."Build political structures as we may, their form, dimensions and finish are laid off by the social standard taken as a unit.

J. M.

Tanner.

Selfishness.—Poor human nature, which views the universe from the standpoint of its own interests, is illustrated in this anecdote:

A Scotch farmer was greatly exercised regarding the safety of his hay crop.

The weather, though often threatening, favored his efforts till he succeeded in getting it safely gathered in, being in this respect more fortunate than his neighbors.

After seeing the last wisp of straw tied around his stacks, he exclaimed, with a self-satisfied air:

"Noo, sin'I hae gotten my hay a'safely in, I think the warld would be greatly the better o'a guid shower."A little philosophy inclineth a man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.

Bacon.

THE ENGRAVER'S DELIGHT.

THE ENGRAVER'S DELIGHT* The "Burnishers and Scrapers,"some days ago,

Received a kind invite to meet and dine,

To honor Mayor Evarts, and, ergo

To greet him with chaste sentiment, and wine.

Called to respond to honored toast "Engraving,"

I venture with this effort of my pen,

The kind indulgence in the meantime craving

From this array of scientific men.

The picture I would now present to you, Is part from present life, and part the other;

I do not claim it as entirely new, The subject may have been a great-grandmother.

'Twas thus, while seated at m)r work one day,

A gentleman walked smartly in the door,

And throwing down his coat in careless way,

Began to look around and pace the floor.

He gazed at pictures of the quick and dead,

And they good naturedly returned his gaze,

Then turned abruptly 'round to me and said, "I wonder if this kind of business pays?""Sir,"said I, "perhaps you'll leave your order, And I will make a picture of your head.

'Twill enable me to fill my scanty larder, And my children won't go supperless to bed."

With that he took a picture from his pocket,

And such a picture, friends, is rarely seen, Unless in some queer antiquated locket,

And made, perchance, in age of Constantine.

It was a woman somewhat old and frowsy,

She may have been some tawny gypsy queen;

Her eyes were odd and dull, and looked quite drowsy, The features lank and lantern-like and lean.

"Now, sir,"said he, "give me your lowest price,

And then, perchance, your patron

I may be.

But you must make me something very nice,

A picture beautiful as one did ever see."

I bade him make his choice of size and style,

And looking round he said "Make one like that."

Thus pointing to a beautiful profile;

"Make it just as handsome, but not so fat.""Don't make it look so proud and haughty, For this dear creature was of modest grace."

The style selected was a dame of forty,

A splendid figure, and a charming face.

We were puzzled sore at first how to begin,

To make of such a subject a great beauty.

To make her picture e'en appeared a sin.

But Nelson said, "Each man must do his duty."

We stippled her, burnished her, and scraped her

But do for her the best, and all we could,

Though features were as like as second nature,

In spite of all, the dame would not look good.

We gave her here and there a hatch,

Making her thinner, or a little fatter, Then gave another hatch and scratch,

And made her broad pug nose a little flatter.

At last, spite of mishaps and our confusion,

Having increased her and diminished her,

The thing was coming to a just conclusion,

We gave the final touch and finished her.

The proof submitted, we ne'er waited long,

And be assured, we were not much surprised

To learn the skira scura was all wrong,

We hadn't caught the expression of her eyes.

Her family could scarcely recognize her,

They had not seen in a score of years;

For you must know 'twas then they buried her, And then 'twas in her shroud and through their tears.

So after giving us a good sound lecture

On what a handsome picture ought to be,

They wished I'd do it from another picture, And they would show the difference to me.

The few who most approved of what was done,

Still pointed to some fault about our labor,

And every fault described by every one

Differed from that discovered by his neighbor.

Finally it passed with all its imperfections.

No doubt you've all been troubled much the same, And peradventure, in your calm reflections,

You'll say, "Ne'er let us look upon her like again."A. B. Hall'* These verses were read at the annual meeting of the Engravers, which convened not long since in Philadelphia.

The junior member of the firm of H. B. Hall & Sons, now so well known in Utah, being called on for a speech, presented these lines, setting forth some of the perplexities of the profession, which struck a responsive chord among the "Burnishers and Scrapers,"who greeted them with applause.

By favor of Elder Jas. H. Hart we are enabled to present them to our readers.

They have not heretofore been published.

9 2 THE NIAGARA FRONTIER.

THE NIAGARA FRONTIER.

A glance at the map of North America is sufficient to prove that Ontario, the garden of the Dominion of

Canada, lies like a wedge between the great states of New York, Pennsylvania,

Ohio and Michigan.

The adjacent waters of the great lakes render the climate more temperate, and the rainfall more heavy than places farther west in the same latitude.

The soil is exceedingly fertile, and produces nearly all the grains and fruits of temperate regions. On account of its wedgelike position between the states, and the facilities which the great lakes afford for shipping, its commercial advantages are unrivalled.

Its railway system is magnificent, and the traveler who, sitting in a comfortable palace car, rides through this corner of Her Majesty's dominions, will meet with many a picturesque view, none of which are grander than those in the vicinity of Niagara.

Volumes have been written about this world-famed cataract, yet no pen or pencil can do it justice.

As is well known, the river Niagara is the connecting link between Lakes Erie and Ontario, and forms a part of the boundary between the United States and Canada.

It is thirty-four miles long, and runs in nearly a northern direction.

From the outlet of Lake Erie to the Falls, is nearly twenty-two miles;

and for this distance the river has a strong uniform and increasing current.

Steadily the waves increase in violence; more and still more they lash each other in their fury, till at length, gathering up as it were their shattered forces, they hurl themselves in one wild plunge into the abyss below.

Above the Falls the river averages one and one-eighth of a mile in width, but only about twenty feet in depth.

From the precipice to the whirlpool, a distance of a mile and a quarter, the depth of the river is about two hundred feet.

Sixty rods below the Falls, is the upper suspension bridge.

It is the longest one of its kind ever erected—

a light, graceful structure, one thousand, two hundred feet in length, and hangs one hundred and ninety feet above the water.

A mile and a quarter below, at the head of the Whirlpool rapid, is the railway suspension bridge;

it is eight hundred feet long, and two hundred feet above the water.

For three-quarters of a mile below this bridge runs the Whirlpool rapid, the wildest part of the river below the falls.

The name "whirlpool"is not quite accurate since the body of water to which it is applied is rather a large eddy in which small whirlpools are constantly forming and breaking.

The spectator cannot realize their tremendous power unless there is some object floating upon the surface by which it may be demonstrated.

Logs from broken rafts are frequently drawn over the Falls, and when they reach this eddy, though they are two or three feet in diameter, and fifty feet in length, they will be drawn down for a time, and then thrown out.

Sometimes they will continue this motion for several weeks before escaping from their prison.

At the outlet of the Whirlpool the river is scarcely four hundred feet wide, and as one stands by the water's edge, and looks upon that vast volume of water rushing through this narrow chasm, with a current whose unbroken surface indicates its immense depth, the mind is impressed with a sense of physical power, greater even than that made by the great Fall itself.

From this point down, the water rushes on in a restless, resistless flood, until it escapes from the gorge at Queenston.

Geologists tell us that the Falls were originally at Queenston; but that slowly they have worked their way backward to their present position.

At the present time they are receding at the rate of nearly six inches a year.

At that rate it must have taken nearly seventy-five thousand years since the waters of Niagara tumbled over the rocky cliffs of Queenston.

Near the Whirlpool the rocks are much harder

THE NIAGARA FRONTIER.

than where the Falls are at present, which fact might prolong the time to one hundred thousand years.

After leaving Oueenston, the Niagara slackens speed, and floats out a broad, deep, majestic river through as beautiful a plain.as can well be imagined, till at length it loses itself in the placid waters of Lake Ontario.

In the year 1854, a small steamer, appropriately named the Maid of the Mist, was built to carry passengers across the river immediately below the Falls.

The enterprise was unprofitable and after a few years the owner of the "packet steamer"determined to sell her.

For this purpose he must needs take her through the whirlpool down the river.

But how was this to be done?

The intrepid boatman Mr. Joel M. Robinson, whose exploits in rescuing persons from perilous positions about the Falls are so well known, was engaged to act as captain and pilot.

Mr. Mclntire, a courageous engineer and able machinest volunteered to go with him.

Notice was given of the time of starting and a large number of people assembled to see the fearful plunge, no one expecting to see either boat or men after they left the dock.

About three o'clock in the afternoon of June 15, 1861, the engineer took his place in the hold, and, knowing that their flitting would be short at the longest, set his steam valve at the proper gauge, and waited—not without anxiety—the tinkling signal that should start them on their flying voyage.

Robinson took his place at the wheel, and pulled the starting bell.

With a shriek from her whistle and a white puff from her escape pipe, the boat ran along the shore a short distance, then swung around to the right, cleared the smooth water, and shot like an arrow into the rapids.

When a third of the way down the rapids, a jet of water struck against her rudder, a column dashed up under her starboard side, heeled her over, carried away her smoke stack, cast her partially on one side, threw Robinson on his back and Mclntire against her starboard wheelhouse with such force as to break it through.

Every spectator breathed freer as she emerged, shook her wounded sides, slid into the whirlpool and for a moment rode again on an even keel.

Robinson rose at once, seized the helm, set her to the right of the vortex and steamed on past the"whirlpool.

Thence, after receiving another drenching from its waves, she dashed on without further accident to the quiet bosom of the river below Oueenston.

Thus was accomplished one of the most remarkable and perilous voyages ever made by men.

Robinson said that the greater part of it was like what he had always imagined must be the swift sailing of a large bird in a downward flight; that when the accident occurred, the boat seemed to be struck from all directions at once; that she trembled like a fiddle-string, and felt as if she would crumble away and drop into atoms; that both he and Mclntire were holding to the wheel with all their strength, but produced no more effect than if they had been two flies; so great was the force of the water which struck the rudder.

The effect of this trip upon Robinson was decidedly marked. To it, as he lived but a few years afterward, his death was commonly attributed. "Hewas"saidMrs.

Robinson "twenty years older when he came home that day than when he went out."He sank into the chair like a person overcome with weariness.

Both his manner and appearance were changed.

Calm and deliberate before, he became thoughtful and serious ever afterward.

In winter, the white vestments of frozen spray with which everything in the immediate vicinity of the Falls is robed, is exceedingly beautiful.

There is something marvelous in the purity and whiteness of congealed spray.

One might imagine it to be frozen sunlight.

If after a pleasant day in spring or autumn, a sharp, still, cold night succeeds, and on this there breaks a clear calm morning, the scene presented is one of unique and enchanting beauty.

The frozen spray on every limb and twig of tree, and on every stiffened blade of grass, is covered over with a fine white powder—a frosty bloom, from which there springs a line of delicate

THE NIAGARA FRONTIER.

frost spines, forming a perfect fringe of ice moss than which nothing more fanciful or beautiful can be imagined.

But apart from the grand and picturesque scenery, Niagara and vicinity have other claims scarcely less interesting to the thoughtful mind.

Within sound of these tumultuous waters have been fought some of the most decisive battles upon this continent.

Here the sons of a common ancestry have mingled in international strife, and the streams that meander through those grand old forests or through that vale of Arcadian beauty which stretches from Queenston to Lake Ontario have been crim^ soned by the blood of England's and America's valiant sons.

Though Ontario enters like a wedge between the great North Central States, yet it is practically accessible at only two points, that is, at or near Detroit and at the Niagara river.

On the Canadian side of the Niagara river, for several miles distant, nearly every acre of ground is historic.

A few of these battle grounds it may not be out of place to mention.

Commencing at the upper part of the river, near the outlet of Lake Erie, stands the ruins of Fort Erie. This place was captured by the Americans July 3d, 1814. A few moments after the American forces had entered and the British had evacuated, the greater part of the

Fort was blown up.

The British, seeing they were unable to hold the place, had secretly put large quantities of powder under the walls, and as they retired they lighted the fuse, and in a few minutes the whole place was a scene of ruin. Nearly two hundred American soldiers were killed and wounded.

This is the magnificent place the Fenians captured in 1866, and which caused a temporary excitement.

A few miles below these ruins, is the battle ground of Chippewa.

Here a severe battle was fought July 5th, 1814.

The Americans were victorious, they were anxious to pursue the retreating British; the weather was very warm, so they did not take time to bury those killed on the British side;

they placed the bodies in a pile interspersed with fence rails, and burned the British dead.

Twenty days after was fought the battle of Lundy's Lane.

This was the most terrible battle fought on Canadian soil.

From seven o'clock in the evening till half past one next morning, the battle wageefwith varying results.

At length, as if by exhaustion or mutual consent, the firing ceased.

When daylight came, the Americans had retired.

The British retaliated by burning the American dead.

To this day both nations claim the victory.

The writer of this article visited this battle ground in 1S68.

He was shown the places where it is said the dead were burned.

Two spots, each about fifty feet long and seven or eight feet broad, were shown, on which it is said no grass has grown since the time of the burning.

Nearly seven miles below the Falls stands the quiet little town of Queenston.

It was once a place of considerable commercial importance; but that was before the days of railroads or the Welland Canal.

Nestling under the rocky cliff of Queenston Heights, it is invisible to the traveler coming from the south, until he arrives at the edge of the cliff and sees the town spread directly at his feet.

On the cliff overlooking the town is the spot where, October 13th, 1812, was fought the battle of Queenston Heights.

A terrible storm was raging;

in the darkness of the night and early morning six hundred Americans had crossed the Niagara river, and the boats had returned to bring reinforcements.

They landed at the foot of the gorge and took possession of the town.

The inhabitants were driven out and the place was burned.

For several days the Canadian general Brock had watched the movements on the American side of the river.

He had only three hundred regular soldiers, but messengers had been sent in various directions and nearly one thousand militia had assembled.

After a short but severe engagement the Americans recrossed the river.

General Brock was killed, and a splendid monument now stands near the spot where he fell.

From the top of this monument may be seen on a clear day

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

the distant cities of Toronto, Hamilton,

Buffalo, and St.

Catharine's, as well as the nearer towns of Lewiston and Niagara.

Of late years the vicinity of Niagara has assumed a commercial importance owing to the enlargement of the Welland Canal, which may be justly considered one of the greatest marvels of civil engineering in the world.

As is well known Lake Erie is nearly four hundred feet above Lake Ontario.

The question was, how can this great obstacle be surmounted, and ocean vessels be made to float upon the great inland seas of Erie, Huron and Michigan.

The story of its accomplishment would alone fill a volume.

An account of the vast expenditure, the thousands of men employed, the great locks and reservoirs and docks for shipping, could not fail to be interesting.

It is sufficient to say that it is now an accomplished fact, and great ocean vessels and steamers may be seen daily in the summer season wending their way through the canal, destined for the far western cities of Milwaukee and Chicago, or for distant European ports.

The locks admit vessels two hundred and forty feet in length, sixty feet in breadth and twentyeight feet below the water line.

It is a grand, as well as an amusing sight to stand, on a summer's day, and, looking up toward the pine clad summit of the Burlington hills that overlook the city of St.

Catharines, see the white sails of the vessels, interspersed amidst the dark green foliage of the pines—to see great vessels and steamers—some of them hailing from London, Liverpool, the ports of the Mediterranean and even the Indian Ocean—climbing, as it were, the rugged sides of the mountain, and bearing on this liquid commercial highway the breadstuffs and manufactured products of two hemispheres.

By means of the St Lawrence river, the Great Lakes and the Wetland Canal the inland cities of Detroit and Toledo are brought nearer to Europe than the Atlantic cities of Philadelphia and Baltimore; and Chicago, the great city of the western prairies nearer than the Atlantic city of Charleston.

To the great water route formed by the Lakes, rivers and canals is due much of Canadian commercial prosperity'.

J. H. Ward.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

MAHOMETANISM AND CHRISTIANITY."My brother, George A.

Smith, has wished us to excuse his Mahometan narration, but

I would feel more like giving a vote of thanks to the Almighty and to

His servant for so highly entertaining and instructing us.

I am aware it is not without a great deal of prejudice that we, as Europeans, and Americans, and Christians in religion and in our education, so called, have looked down upon the history of Mahomet, or even the name; and even now we may think that Mahometanism, compared with Christianity as it exists in the world, is a kind of heathenism, or something dreadful, and the other we look * By Apostle Parley P. Pratt, Salt Lake City,

Sept. 23, 1855.

upon as something very pretty, only a little crippled.

For my part, I hardly know which to call the idolatrous side of the question, unless we consider Mahometanism Christianity, in one sense, and that which has been called Christianity, heathenism.

Mahometanism included the doctrine that there was one God—that He was great, even the Creator of all things, and that the people by right should worship

Him.

History abundantly shows the followers of Mahomet did not take the sword, either to enforce their religion or to defend themselves, until compelled to do so by the persecutions of their enemies, and then it was the only alternative that presented itself, to take up the sword and put down idolatry, and establish the worship of the one God or, on

9 6 SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

the other hand, be crushed and cease to be, on account of the idolatrous nations around them; they seemed to act on the defensive, although it might legally be considered aggression.

The Greek and Roman Churches, which have been called Christian, and which take the name of Christian as a cloak, have worshiped innumerable idols.

On this account, on the simple subject of the Deity and His worship, if nothing more, I should rather incline, of the two, after all my early traditions, education, and prejudices, to the side of Mahomet, for on this point he is on the side of truth, and the Christian world on the side of idolatry and heathenism.

In the first place, the latter lay it down as a point of theology, and it is a foundation point too, that there is only one true God, consisting of three persons, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, but without body, parts or passions.

Here is the exact image and likeness of an idol established through the principal creeds of Christendom, that is, if it is an image at all, or of it makes a shadow at all, it is that of an idol;

it is a being that never existed in heaven, earth or hell it will not make even a shadow.

Indeed, it is a thing literally motionless and powerless, as much so as any term that can be used to mean nonentity.

Jesus Christ, whom we worship as the Son of God, and the Savior of the world, has body, parts and passions, and He is like His Father; He is the express image of His Father's person and the brightof His glory, whom we also worship.

They are individual personages, organized as a pattern after which men were created; they have tabernacles, and are in every way personages and intelligent beings.

Therefore, that something, or that nothing, that imaginary being, that idol that is recognized in the creeds of Christendom in general as a god without body, parts, or passions, has nothing to do whatever with the God of Abraham, Isaac*, and Jacob, or with the Son of God that came in the meridian of time, who was crucified, died and rose again from the dead, and ascended on high to lead captivity captive, and give gifts to men.

Inasmuch as He and His Father are organized with body and parts, with limbs, joints, flesh, and bones, that are immortal and eternal, they have no part or lot, or communication whatever, with that imaginary being which is recognized in the principal creeds of Christendom as their God, a god without body, parts, or passions.

Therefore, in that sense, in the very foundation of their creeds, they are idolators; and instead of saying that Mahometanism prevailed against Christianity, and that Christianity was in danger of being done away by its prevalence, we would rather say, that where Mahometanism prevailed it taught and established one truth at least, viz., the true and living God, and so far as this went, it did preserve people from worshiping idols.

And had the crescent waved on the tower of London, or on the church of St.

Paul, instead of the cross, and had the Mahometan religion been enforced instead of the Roman religion that was enforced for a series of generations, and had tradition riveted what the sword enforced, then that nation and the surrounding nations would have been worshipers of one true God instead of idols; they would have recognized it in theory at least, whether they would have worshiped Him in spirit and in truth or not.

But now they do not recognize Him in theory, for they acknowledge as their god an imaginary being without body, parts or passions.

Setting aside this one point, they acknowledge and worship innumerable idols, pictures, images, etc., amounting almost to an infinite number, in every place where Christianity has been blended with the civil power, and enforced and established by law under the one great standard called Catholic—imaginary deities that are the works of men's hands, and to which they actually and literally bow down.

This may not be the case so fully in these United States, where there is a kind of balance of power, and religion, and population, and influences of various kinds acting as checks upon each other; but go to those

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

countries where there are no such checks or balances of power; go to Chili,

Spain, or any other of the states or nations where the Roman cross, instead of the crescent, or any other ensign, is the standard, where there are no Protestant influences and Protestant dissensions to interfere with the prevailing power, and, as a matter of course, all the subjects of that realm have by law one religion prescribed to them, supported and enforced by civil authority, to the prohibition of all others.

In such countries, you can contemplate that religion in all its open and unveiled idolatry;

it is there you will see more fully exhibited the practice of worshiping images, of bowing down to dumb idols in the shape of pictures, images, saint worship, angel worship, etc., etc.

I have seen all this with mine eyes, and heard it with mine ears.

They will pray to the Virgin Mary, so called, in the form of a painting, which they set up to be prayed to.

They also set up other canonized saints in like manner, painted on canvas and other substances.

But I will not confine this practice to those countries alone, but in a city of the United States I have beheld a public procession of a vast majority of the populace united in one grand bowery, extending around the public square, and pictures and images of saints were posted in the roads, and an extra bowery was prepared for each of those images or paintings, decorated in all the pomp and splendor the people could command, and while in procession they would kneel down in the dirty streets and public squares, though dressed in the richest silks and satins that money could purchase;

persons so richly attired were bowing down on their knees, or prostrating themselves in the dirt and dust at every place where there was an image, and were devoutly offering up prayers.

This is the idolatry that prevails more manifestly in the countries where religion is the law, but it also prevails right in our own country, because there is a liberty of conscience to worship what you please.

Now, if we take Mahometanism dur- ing those dark ages, and the corruptions that are so universally prevalent over the earth, and the idolatrous systems of religion falsely called Christianity, and weigh them in a balance; with all my education in favor of Christian nations and Christian powers, and Christian institutions, so called, with all my prejudices of early youth, and habits of thought and reading, my rational faculties would compel me to admit that the

Mahometan history and Mahometan doctrine was a standard raised against the most corrupt and abominable idolatry that ever perverted our earth, found in the creeds and worship of Christians, falsely so named.

It might not have been a very pure standard, for the fulness of the Gospel, with its Priesthood, ordinances, powers and gifts, were not there, because that pertained to another branch of Abraham's family.

Ishmael and his descendants were blessed by the Lord, who said, "I will make of him a great nation, and kings shall come of him, and he shall have dominion;"yet there was one thing not said on the head of Ishmael.

It was not said that in him should the elect seed be chosen, who should bear the keys of the eternal Priesthood, and salvation, in which all nations should be blessed:

this was said on Isaac, the brother of Ish mael, the heir; and it was also said of Jacob and of Abraham;

therefore, the blessings that were peculiar, that pertained to the fulness of the Gospel, that pertained to the eternal Priesthood, that pertained to the coming of Christ, and to the things of His ministry, and to those that were called with the same calling, and in which all nations should be blessed and redeemed, could not he given to Ishmael and to his descendants, but they belonged by election to the chosen seed to whom the promises were made, viz., the children of Abraham through Isaac, and through Jacob; but the Lord said of Ishmael, "I will make of him a great nation, because he is thy son;

I will bless him because he is thine, and kings shall come of him."So the Lord seems to have fulfilled, more or less, from those early days until the

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

present, the promises that He made to the children of Abraham, that were not particularly designed to hold the keys of the Priesthood.

All that a nation could have, without the keys of the everlasting Gospel, without the gifts and powers pertaining to those keys, and without the fulness of the Gospel, the people of the East seemed to have been blessed with, so far as the Lord saw fit to bestow upon them blessings during those dark ages.

A great portion of the Oriental country has been preserved from the grossest idolatry, wickedness, confusion, bloodshed, murders, cruelty, and errors in religion that have overspread the rest of the world, under the name of Christianity, or mystery of iniquity.

An open defiance of God is no mystery;

open drunkenness, and revelling debauchery, and all manner of wickedness and immorality professed by sinners who profess to be nothing else, are no mystery; they do not deceive anybody; but when all manner of wickedness, idolatry, drunkenness, and corruption is cloaked under a sacred name, under an outward sanctity and holiness, and under as high and dignified an appellation as Christian, it is a mystery of iniquity;

and that has overspread a great portion of the world, and has borne rule until the present day, sometimes under the name of Roman universality, sometimes under the name of the Greek Church, and at other times under various classes and names.

Many that were honest have been deceived by this mystery of iniquity, who have esteemed things to be sacred, which were abominably corrupt; and corrupt superstitions have been revered because of the great names and sanctified professions that were attached to them.

If such institutions actually professed wickedness, they would go for what they were worth; but when a thing professes to be holy, and takes the name of Christ as its founder, and the holy Prophets and Apostles, to carry out all manner of oppression, all manner of idolatry and idol worship, all manner of priestcraft and kinecraft. and more or less instigating division among nations and governments, all to carry out bloodshed, cruelty, the rack, the inquisition, and holding of men in bondage, ruling them with a rod of iron, it is a mystery of iniquity calculated to deceive millions.

The Apostle John, speaking of this same power, says, "By thy sorceries were all nations deceived."The Mahometan operations, in the hands of the descendants of Abraham and Ishmael, seem to have warded off that deception and mystery of iniquity in some measure, so that it has not entirely overrun their country, morals and institutions.

Though Mahometan institutions are corrupt enough, and need reforming by the Gospel, I am inclined to think, upon the whole, leaving out the corruptions of men in high places among them, that they have better morals and better institutions than many

Christian nations; and in many localities there have been high standards of morals.

There are, no doubt, sections of country, and different localities in Aeia, where the people have not walked strictly according to the regulations and laws given by Mahomet, and observed by his true followers.

But returning to the general corruption that has prevailed nationally, politically and religiously, under the name of

Christianity, leaving out Christ and His

Apostles, I do think there has been no idolatry in the world, under any form or system, that could surpass it.

It is the mystery of iniquity, the great whore of all the earth.

It has brought the whole earth under a lasting curse, having departed from the laws of God, changed the ordinances, and broken the everlasting covenant, in consequence of which the earth is destined to be burned, and few men left.

So far as that one point is concerned, of worshiping the one true God under the name of Mahometanism, together with many moral precepts, and in war only acting on the defensive, I think they have exceeded in righteousness and truthfulness of religion the idolatrous and corrupt church that has borne the name of Christianity.

There is one thins:

for which I like

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

Mahometan ism better than the present Christianity of the world;

if prisoners are taken by them, no matter of what country or religion, and they become lawful captives, doomed to slavery, according to their rules, they will take them from their labor, order them to wash their bodies, and put on clean clothes, give them plenty to eat to refresh them, until they have rested and have full power and vigor of both body and mind to investigate and study the Mahometan religion.

If the captives embrace the true religion, as they call it, they are set free from slavery, and permitted to marry among them.

But if the captives still reject the religion of the Mahometans, they are made to return to their slavery.

I want to know where the Christian nation is that does this—that will take their lawful captive that may have some other religion, and set him free from servitude, and give him time to wash and clothe himself, and think, and investigate, when both body and mind are enjoying their full power, and if he embraces their religion, then permit him to become a citizen.

I will not detain you;

I have been more lengthy now than I intended. We would do well to look into the bearings of the history of nations, and the dealings of God with them, as impartially as we can, at all times, and cull out all the good there has been, is or may be, and acknowledge the hand of God in all things, in His dealings with the nations as well as in other things.

I acknowledge His hand even in this Gentile reign, whose corruption I have been hinting at.

It has had its day, which hss been a long and dark one;

the nations have groaned under its sway;

all nations have felt its withering power;

all nations have been deceived by its darkening and mysterious influences, they have groaned in ignorance and corruption under the hand of oppression, and tyranny, and wrong, until the liead and heart are sick, and they are ready to wake up and seek something better.

I acknowledge the hand of God in it;

it was to have its day, that the nations might know fully, and experience the difference between light and darkness, mystery and truth, peace and war, liberty and oppression; between truth and falsehood; between the rule of Satan, of priestcraft and kingcraft, and the reign of the kingdom of righteousness;

that they might have enough of their own way, and be filled with it until they would be glad to seek the Lord.

That same God has promised His Apostles and Prophets a day when there should be an end of superstition and ignorance and falsehood, of priestcraft and kingcraft, an end of Gentile polity;

that their fulness would come in, and the prophecies of the holy Prophets would be fulfilled, and the reign of iniquity would complete its time; and then what—a chaos?

No, but an organization, a - kingdom, a government, a power which should stand for ever, and no more pass away;

and what was that?

Why, the God of heaven should set it up:

suffice it to say, the kingdom of God.

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

"It is a mistake to consider the Irish Land Question as a mere local question arising out of conditions peculiar to Ireland and which can be settled by remedies that can have but local application.

On the contrary, I contend that what has been brought into prominence by Irish distress and forced into discussion by Irish agitation, is something infinitely more important than any mere local question could be;

it is nothing less than that question of transcendant importance which is everywhere beginning to agitate, and if not settled must soon convulse the civilized world—the question whether, their political equality conceded (for where this has not already

TOO

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

been, it soon will be), the masses of mankind are to remain mere hewers of wood and drawers of water for the benefit of a fortunate few, whether, having escaped from feudalism modern society is to pass into an industrial organization more grinding and oppressive^ more heartless and hopeless, than feudalism, whether, amid the abundance their labor creates, the producers of wealth are to be content in good times with the barest of livings and in bad times to suffer and t'o starve?

What is involved in this Irish Land Question is not a mere local matter between Irish landlords and

Irish tenants, but the great social problem of modern civilization."Logical reasoning will manifest to us the same spirit in its various guises—the Communism of France, the Socialism of Germany, the Nihilism of Russia—and the Fenianism of Ireland—it is the bitter war of capital and labor inaugurated under different auspices and continued under circumstances best suited to its growth and proportions.

The Irish landlord is the same genus homo as the English or American landlord, striving to make the most of his landed possessions, he does not differ very much from the landowners of the Southern States, or in fact in any of our States or

Territories—who let their lands to croppers who underbid each other, and so swell the coffers of the landlord. Ireland is densely populated, hence competition for the use of land is sharp and high as it is in nearly all thickly settled countries.

The same result is reached in every case, it is simply cause and effect.

During the French Revolution and under the regime of the Jacobins the war cry was death to the aristocrat; no excuse could be offered by the victim, that would be of aught avail; enough that he possessed the coveted luxuries of wealth and station, the means by which he gained them was not questioned, he was evidently a victim of circumstances, and a fit subject to appease the wrath of the rabble.

Did circumstances permit and warrant, the same enactments would be law to-day.

What propositions are offered by Irish agitators for the solution of the land question?

The most prominent and the most radical one is the following:

"Create a peasant proprietary."The state to buy out the landlords and sell to the tenants for annual payments extending over a term of years and covering principal and interest.

How would this work?

Spartan history furnishes us an abundance of testimony of the many difficulties Lycurgus was forced to surmount before he partially succeeded in bringing about a system whereby all should be producers.

Examine the records of the newly settled States and Territories of our own land, and see the homesteads and pre-emption claims of the early settlers united into great farms of thousands of acres;

and so will it ever be while capital forces its support from labor, and so many are consuming the legitimate wealth of the producer.

More squalor, and poverty, and wretchedness is to be seen in England to-day than in Ireland, and our own boasted land can display want and luxury jostling each other in the thronged thoroughfares of nearly all her great cities.

The Irish tenant farmer is a healthy, robust type of manhood, and the peasant women of Ireland renowned in song and story for their virtue, while in England and

Scotland want and privation have degenerated the physical man and severed the family affections, till indigence and vice are allied in forging the corrosive chain of physical, mental and moral destruction.

It is true that the larger cities of Ireland, as Dublin, Cork,

Belfast, Clonmel and others, are well supplied with these adjuncts of modern civilization;

nevertheless, the country towns, villages, and hamlets are measurably free from vice, and the social purity of the Irish peasantry is a well established fact; whereas her sister isles can produce classes in which the idea of female virtue is all but lost, and the family affection all but trodden out by want and unwholesome employment.

The Irish tenant farmer is poor, and during a famine is sometimes wretched, and compelled to resort to many expedients in order to make both ends meet;

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

but is his case more deplorable than that of the English operative, or the Scotch agricultural laborer, or the Welsh miner, or even the workingman of our own free America, under similar circumstances? We think not, and, having had facilities afforded us whereby to judge the social, moral and physical condition of the people of Ireland and England, we feel convinced the peasantry of Cork are, as a whole, better off, happier and more contented than the agricultural laborers of the midland counties of England.

Old men may be seen breaking stones on the highways of the County Cork, for one shilling per day, whose ability to earn more than that through age and decrepitude might be questioned; also may be seen in the agricultural counties of England, men in the full pride of manhood working for seven shillings per week (rarely reaching ten), and compelled to support a wife and family on such a pittance.

No wonder they have almost forgotten the taste of animal food, except as it is occasionally doled out to them as charity.

We might bring ourselves face to face with the question, "To whom does the land of Ireland belong;

to the people or the landlord?"If to the former then what right have the latter to exact fees, rents, or interest on the debt in any form, from the people?

If to the landlords then have they not clearly the right to sell it, barter it, or use it in any way or manner they may choose?

Who shall dictate to them what they shall do with it, or to what use they shall put it, or what rent they shall charge for it?

If the people own the land from whom did they obtain a title? We answer, from the God of nature, who has given to all a right to live, and move and dwell upon earth, and sustain life.

If the landlords own it, from whom did they obtain it?

They answer, from a long line of ancestors.

It is true, Henry II, James I, Cromwell and others had the power to give away Irish lands, but, had they the right?

All honest thinkers, who are searching after truth will be willing to admit that as. "God made all men to dwell upon the earth,"he also made the earth for them to dwell upon, or to quote the words of "the Psalmist""The heavens even the heavens are the Lord's, but the earth hath He given to the children of men."Now if God has given the earth into the hands of a favored few, that they may recline in the lap of luxury, and to the majority the privilege of starving or living in slavery then must we reverse our views of theology and accord to Deity other attributes than those of Love and Justice.

Using the arguments of Herbert Spencer we may ask "at what rate per annum wrong becomes right."If society under a shallow pretense acquiesces in the right to land obtained by fraud, usurpation and spoliation as a just and religious right there is the right to possess and use the kidnapped negro, a social and religous right—or the possession of piratical treasures, a claim on justice—or the defaulting cashier a right to the enjoyment of his surreptitious gains.

Might, will never be right, whether exercised in Ireland, England or our own free and glorious republic.

The cry of Land League is echoed by all tillers of the soil, whether in Ireland, England or America, but through misconception of its true meaning and misguided by selfish ambition, Communism, Socialism,

Nihilism, etc., etc., are fostered and cherished.

If new born babes have a right to life, if they are born heirs to that precious gift of God, then they are born with the right to possess enough of the land for their support.

No man has the right to barter away his birthright;

it is as much the gift of Heaven as the use of water or air.

Usurpation and tyranny and spoliation have given to men the possession of land; but is that possession the gift of power or right?

If the innocent possessor of a vast landed estate in Ireland or England to-day boasts of his right by primogeniture and the acquiescence of society bears him out in it, then has the son and daughter of the southern planter the right to the peaceful possession of their entitled negroes, or the king of Dahomey to his sacrifices.

Social upheavals mark the course of

AT SEA.

events and wrongs perpetrated in the twelfth, seventeenth, or nineteenth centuries, will bear fruit nauseating to the body politic. And where a nation suffers from social or political wrongs entailed upon it by its founders or administrators, it is ever ready to apply a remedy and eagerly grasps at supposed remedial straws as they float by, without reflecting upon their practicability, or their potency when applied to the seat of the disease.

So has it ever been with Ireland; she has had presented to her lips the tempting draught of "United Irishmen"by

Grattan and Flood and in quaffing it, has sacrificed some of her best blood and interest, the "Anti-Union

Association"of O'Connell; "Young Ireland"under

Mitchell and Meagher, together with Ribbonmen,

Croppy, Fenians, House Rule, and Land League, till in her despair, she is willing to accept dynamite, believing that the disease is desperate and requires a desperate remedy.

The Land League of Ireland is the Land League of England, or France, or Belgium, or America; so far as its aim is to alleviate the distress caused by capital draining the life blood of labor and vampire like clinging with deadly tenacity to the producer of the nation's wealth;

and as scrofula demands constitutional and not local treatment, so does this social evil demand the axe to be laid at the root and not periodical applications of dynamite, like a bunch of firecrackers tied to the tail of an Irishman's frieze coat. The theory of Herbert Spencer is a good one and if properly applied would prove an efficient remedy; we here present it for consideration or advocacy, feeling assured the faithful supporters of right in all lands, will admire if not endorse his method of equal rights, he says:

"Such a doctrine is consistent with the highest state of civilization;

may be carried out without involving a community of goods, and need cause no very serious revolution in existing arrangements. The change required would simply be a change of landlords.

Separate ownership would merge into the joint stock ownership of the public.

Instead of being in the possession of individuals, the country would be held by the great corporate body—society.

Instead of leasing his acres from an isolated proprietor, the farmer would lease them from the nation.

Instead of paying his rent to the agent of Sir John, or his Grace, he would pay it to an agent or deputy agent of the community.

Stewards would be public officials instead of private ones, and tenancy the only land tenure.

A state of things so ordered would be in perfect harmony with the moral law.

Under it all men would be equally landlords;

all men would be alike free to become tenants.

Clearly, therefore, on such a system the earth might be enclosed, occupied and cultivated, in entire subordination to the law of equal freedom."RobcH S. Spence.

AT SEA.

In mid winter and mid ocean, between

Liverpool and New Orleans, six hundred Saints and four hundred Irish on board!

For two days almost a perfect calm—the sails flapping lazily against the masts—not a sign of a storm or a breeze to be seen in the whole upper deep—the spring like weather had enticed nearly every one on deck, where they were reading, knitting, sewing, telling stories and singing songs.

The Captain, to break the monotony, had invited some of the first cabin passengers to the quarter-deck, where we had schottished, waltzed, and clone the cotillion, fisher's hornpipe and Irish jig in as hilarious a style as is often stepped to music.

In the midst of this a darkness and sadness fell on me almost too heavy to bear.

I went to the side of the ship and asked God to tell me what it meant—in my musings I said, Father is there

CO-OPERATION.

danger, do we want sail taken in?

After a moments pause I said, "I am going to the Captain to ask him to shorten sail, if this is right let the darkness and sadness leave me."

The first step I took light and peace came.

I went directly to the Captain and asked him to humour a nervous man like me and take in some sail—he jumped to his feet, and exclaimed with an oath: "Who's Captain here!"then shouted to the mate on the fore-castle, "clap on two more sails quick!"I called the Saints on the quarter deck, to get below in a hurry.

I jumped to the front of the quarter deck and shouted to those on the midship: "Saints, downstairs!"They minded, they believed in counsel and in obeying it.

When the last person's foot was on the bottom stair leading under cover of the deck and to safety, the first mast went overboard, and in five minutes, every mast was torn from its holdings and hurled on deck.

But for the warning, many would have been maimed and crushed.

The scene that followed, my pen is too feeble to picture—with the debris hanging over the sides of the ship, causing her to careen over to nearly an angle of forty-five degrees;

the whirling of the angry waters (for a spent hurricane off the islands had struck us), the howling of the terrified Irish, on whom we had sprung the bolts of the bulkhead—the solemn silence, waiting, questioning of the Saints, how shall we be saved from this? formed a living scene that I think can never be truthfully represented by any artist.

In a few minutes I went with a deputation of three old sea captains and six sailors and others who were of our people.

The Captain was told that we did not wish to use force or to come under a mutiny act, but we wanted control of the ship, and we would save her.

He replied:

"Take all control."We cut loose the dragging shrouds, and after an anxious night's work saw the old dismasted vessel settle evenly on the waters, but with no more power of movement than a soddened tub—ten hundred and fifty souls on board in the midst of the Atlantic!

A jury mast was rigged.

Weeks of patience, the very essence of patience, and we sighted New Orleans.

But the pleasure of all common landings was far surpassed by the happiness of our emancipation.

What of the sea captain?

The morning after the accident he came to me, weeping like a child, and said:

"Sir, what do such things mean?"I answered:

"It means God is fulfilling his promises to his ancient people and prophets, and gathering the Israel of the latter days;

and has His servants to lead them."He replied:

"I shall come to you for counsel from here on till we reach port."And during the rest of the voyage, twice each day he came and asked, "Is all right?"Tins is one among many lessons which have taught me to know that God is with this people.

C.

I '. S.

CO-OPERATION.

In the common vocabulary of life there are words which seem to become an offense;

by long continued use, by too persistent or untimely presentation, probably, also, because of some unfortunate association of words with things, of success or apparent non-success, in connection therewith.

In religious matters how hackneyed the word "salvation"has become, yet all that it implies is just as important and essential now as in any period of man's experience; every where there is needed salvation from ignorance, salvation from sin, from self, from influence, associations, from results that always and everywhere suggest the blessings of salvation.

Yet men reject salvation because in the abstract it lias been allied with priest-

CO-OPERATION.

craft, with hypocrisy, with money making and with that selfishness which, while an evil, is yet testimony to the absolute presence and inherent thirst for good.

So with the word "co-operation,"it is to some an unpleasant word, the use of it dampens conversation in a circle of friends, its introduction in the pulpit or stand is as a wet blanket on many a congregation, they have become surfeited with it, it has been before them in season and out of season, it has been far too often presented dogmatically, argument and reason have been the last weapons employed in its advocacy, and when at times inaugurated, so little attention has been given to auxilliary principles connected with it, that inevitable failure might have been easily foreseen.

There are those who look upon the advocates of co operation, as being the subjects of monomania, as seeking the introduction of a new principle of action among mankind, altogether losing sight of the fact that men are continuously engaged in the most stupendous industries, and in enterprises of the most complicated character, using as their method the essential elements of co-operation. From this come our steamships, railroads, telegraph and similar gigantic organizations, and. individual power is dwarfed by the magnitude of their operations.

Fire and life insurance and assurance, all friendly societies and clubs, all partnership and combination testify to an inherent recognition of the value of unity, and it is because this inheres in human nature, that it is practicable and it might be said possible.

Even in nature this law of action may be observed; leaving out the philosopher's question involved as to the intelligence of matter, it is evidently everywhere endowed with the faculty of cohesion, with the principle of co-operation, the individuality of a grain of sand, only needs to be supplemented by the adhesion of its fellows, when it becomes a barrier to one of the mightiest forces of the globe, the power of water, as rain, as mist, as hail or ice is everywhere recognized, the disintegrating power of water is natures grand magician, yet the ocean in its wrath is no less controlled by the simple grains of sand, than when in softened ebb and flow, to the music of its foamy waves, it breaks around the children's feet.

And yet yielding as it is, easily cleft at times in subservience to human skill and needs, it can become so consolidated that its friction changes the contour of the globe, and on a small scale the action of the same cold makes that which is the synonym of instability and of infinite capacity of division, so compacted and solid that men use it as a highway for convenience or pleasure.

Co-operation is not a new thought, it is no modern invention, it is an eternal principle;

it is the rule of the Gods, and when men invoke it, when they practice it, it is simply an exhibition on a smaller scale of that sublime suggestion, which, in the cycles of the past, was thus significantly expressed, "Let us make man in our image and in our likeness,"and further, "Male and female created he them;"need, we wonder then that nature bears this impress of its creator, need we wonder that men gravitate toward unity of effort, toward combination for offense or defence, for the accomplishment of good or even evil?

Now the Latter-day Saints profess to be the people of God, in an exceptional sense;

while admitting that all men are His offspring;

they claim a closer relationship by virtue of special calling, by virtue of obedience to special laws, and consequently if this is true, they should be the special exponents of this co-operative idea; it would surely be their distinctive characteristic, and its power would be exemplified in more directions than could be looked for in those subject only to general inspiration, in contradistinction to an assumed special inspiration and special mission.

There is "a measure of the spirit given to every man that cometh into the world to profit withal,"but to his covenant people Fie giveth the Holy Ghost by "the laying on of hands,"Moreover, when the history of the Latter-day Saints is analyzed, it will be seen that whatever success has been achieved by

CO-OPERATION.

I05 them, it has come by unity of action and effort;

what could individualism have accomplished in preaching the Gospel, in gathering the poor, in developing the spiritual unity and religious force which has been evolved?

The machinery of sectarianism is not an element in the methods of Israel; no paid, no educated ministry, sustained by the coffers of wealth has been the propoganda of the truth; no literary culture, no profound study, no mastery of rhetoric, or subtlety of reason have stored the magazines, or been used in the battle and the fray.

Its advocates have been simple, honest, earnest, united men, their power was in the possession of the truth, its simple eloquence pierced the shell of tradition, the crust of ages, and touched the hearts of men, and the unity of their thoughts, their blending of worlds, and the reuniting of broken links, connecting the past, present and future, brought hosts of converts into the common fold.

What individualism could have withstood the shock of persecution, the sneers of a nation, the contempt of the world?

What man, single handed and alone could have defied the armies of the Philistines?

None, strength came from unity, from sympathy, from a certainty of trust in the adhesion of coreligionists and friends.

What individualism could have brought the sons of God from afar and "his daughters from the ends of the earth?"What human wisdom would have applied to the gathering so grand a power as co-operation, and created the perpetual emigration fund? Who would have volunteered, on common grounds, to have given a summer's work and team journeying to the Missouri river and back for those they had never seen or known?

It was the spirit of common or united brotherhood, which impelled to sacrifice, to the suffering of inconvenience, to the comprehension of that authority which declared on the slopes of

Palestine:

"Except ye are one, ye are not mine."Again, in the redemption of the waste places of earth, in the colonization of these "fugitives from among men,"what could have been done by desultory and personal effort?

It was the power of unity or co-operation which made possible subsistence in the desert; thousands of miles of fencing, of canals and ditches, singing in the summer's sun, and bidding the sleeping earth awake to luxuriant verdure, is testimony to an ever vital principle of almighty truth.

Every open schoolhouse, every humble meeting house or chapel, every growing temple, speaks in unmistakable utterance, the syllabled music of co-operative effort, and wherever there has been failure (real or apparent), the key to the conditions can, without the intervention of a prophet, be traced directly to a neglect of that principle and its auxiliaries, which were intended of the heavens for the establishment of truth and righteousness upon the earth.

It has been assumed by some that co-operation was an infringement of personal liberty, of admitted agency, of interferference with vested rights, but surely none but the most superficial, or the most selfish, could cherish or give utterance to feelings of this kind. How could that which has ever been a friend be transformed into an enemy? How could that which is in the common experience of mankind beneficent, in a local capacity, become a curse?

How can that which universal consent considers an unmixed good become anywhere an evil?

Evidently such conclusions betray that narrowness, selfishness, avarice and repudiation of primary principles which is unworthy of a Latter-day Saint.

The adoption and practice of this principle, its extension into channels old and new, is more and more desirable, indeed it is the only plan of salvation for the Latter-day Saints, if they enter into it willingly, with generous impulses and with ready hand, there will be a change for the better throughout the land and in all its borders;

if neglected, like Samson shorn of his locks, they will only be weak and unstable as other men, and will not excel.

Singing, praying, preaching in regard to unity, to one-

io6 A WARRIOR QUEEN.

ness, will never usher in the latter-day glory;

men's conceptions and efforts must harmonize, to directions indicated there must be more obedience, or all revelation may be dispensed with in the future, and ignored for the past;

personal feeling, prejudices, interests, must become subservient to the benefit of the whole, the spirit must be willing even where the flesh is weak, and an advance must be made from the condition of the old married couple that most have read of, if there is to be harmony in the household and peace continued in the family.

The old couple had married early; yet with certain ideas in regard to the unity of married life, it needed no argument to prove that a man and his wife should be one;

this was a fundamental thought of the relationship, and its advantages and blessings, often formed the topic of conversation around the hearthstone and amid the family;

there was no question as to its desirability or necessity, they believed earnestly that they ought to be one; but after fifty years of faith and experience and satisfaction often expressed in regard to the theory, they had never reached the conclusion as to which one?

Are not many of the Saints in this condition, devoted, convinced, ready to sing, pray, preach, in J favor of unity, anxious, apparently, that they may become one, yet as far from conclusion as the man and his wife after fifty years, and everlastingly asking the question, Master, which one?

H. W. Naisbitt.

The light of friendship is like the light of phosphorus—seen the plainest when all around is dark.

A WARRIOR QUEEN.

Artemisia, one of the most interesting of royal rulers, and the most famous

Greek woman who ever possessed sovereignty, with the single exception of Cleopatra, was a native of Halicarnassus, in Asia Minor, where she was born, presumably about the year B.

C.

She was the daughter of Lygdamus the

Dorian, dynast or king of Caria.

The moderate policy of this monarch secured the prosperity of his kingdom.

While the other Greek colonies of Asia resisted the Persians, Halicarnassus and its king paid ready obedience to Darius.

The great king was not unmindful of this favor, and he rewarded the prudence of

Lygdamus by enlarging the bounds of his kingdom.

The three neighboring islands of Cos, Calydna, and Nysirus were added to the Carian sovereignty, and the crafty Dorian became one of the powerful satraps of the Persian empire.

He allowed his people to enjoy their own laws and institutions; he fostered commerce and founded a powerful navy;

he built cities and reared costly and stately works of art, and in every respect ruled like a sovereign monarch, save that he paid a tribute to the Persian king and furnished such contingent of men and ships as the exigencies of the empire demanded.

Prosperous and powerful, and high in favor as was Lygdamus with Darius, his fame paled before that of Artemisia, his only child.

Born of a Cretan woman and educated in the political school of her father, Artemisia developed at an early age a faculty for government that had no parallel in that age.

All the force, all the energy, all the ambition, all the shrewd, pliant cunning and political skill of her brilliant Greek race seemed combined in the character of the Halicarnassian princess.

To the Greek intelligence and adroitness she united the gravity and the grace of the

Asiatic.

Even in her youth she shamed the wisest graybeards in her father's council chamber, and when her own dark locks were silvery none of the other advisers of Xerxes spoke so wisely as she.

In her schemes of aggrandizement no other Greek save Polycrates ever equaled her.

As a builder, she well-nigh eclipsed Nebuchadnezzar him-

A WARRIOR QUEEN.

self, or the royal chiefs of Achaemenes.

And to crown all, to her grace as a woman, her prudence as a legislator, her energy as a ruler, she added a masculine intrepidity and bravery that made her a gallant general in the field.

In an age when female rulers were an exception, an anomaly, Greece and the world beheld a woman who not only surpassed every other sovereign of her time in her capacity for governing, but who also rivaled Pisistratus in her patronage of wise men and scholars and architects, and who in military skill and heroism equaled any of the Greek heroes of her own or former times.

Artemisia was ruler of Caria for more than thirty years, and during that time she made herself both feared and respected by all the surrounding monarchs.

Wise in the council chamber and able in the field, she preserved the bounds of her own kingdom intact, while her fostering of letters and art made Halicarnassus, her capital, one of the magnificent cities of the world.

Greece looked on in wonder at this spectacle of a woman, who at the early age of twenty-five was bereft of father and husband, and who, triumphing over the weakness of her sex, grasped the sceptor with the vigor of an old warrior.

But there was lion's blood in her veins.

Her Dorian race gave to women a greater liberty than any of the other Greeks; and unhampered by the institutions of Lycurgus, this Dorian princess under the Asiatic skies of her native land, developed an independence and a strength that were the marvel of that age.

When Xerxes made his mighty preparations for the subversion of Greece,

Artemisia was summoned with others to provide her portion of ships, men, and money.

She was then forty-five years of age, and her sagacity and cunning were at their zenith, nor had she suffered a diminution of energy and of martial enthusiasm.

She had no desire to drag her country into a protracted war, and to draft all her fighting men into such a crusade was to sap her prosperous kingdom of its very life.

Fifty war-galleys were at anchor in the harbor of Halicarnassus, but of them she armed only five for Xerxes.

In order to remove all suspicion of being wanting in zeal, however, she herself took command of her little fleet.

Xerxes was flattered by her adroitness, while the Greeks 'were alarmed at the thought of so renowned a captain fighting on the side of the invaders.

To counteract this fear the Athenians offered a reward of ten thousand drachmas to whoever should take her alive.

Among the myriads of the great king none showed themselves so brave in field, none so wise in the council as this warrior-queen.

In the sea fight off Euboea, she showed herself a practical sailor, and her valor was so apparent that Xerxes from that moment regarded her as his ablest captain.

She strongly opposed the naval engagement at Salamis, for she had learned that the Persian fleet was far inferior in the skill of its sailors to that of the Greeks.

Xerxes was greatly pleased with the wisdom of her counsel, but he followed the opinion* of the majority of his chiefs and risked the engagement.

In that fatal battle Artemisia displayed the most extraordinary intrepidity and skill.

If all the Persians had fought as she did, Greek independence must have found its grave that day.

Xerxes, even in the rage and mortification of his defeat, found time to notice the valor of the Halicarnassian queen.

"All my men,"he cried,, from his golden throne, "have become women, and my women alone fight like men."In the confusion of the rout Artemisia did not lose either her courage or her cunning.

The efforts of the Athenians had been especially directed toward this remarkable woman, and in the pursuit the queen found herself followed closely by one of the Athenian captains.

In order to escape, Artemisia had recourse to a sudden and extraordinary artifice.

Directly before her was one of the Persian vessels commanded by a Calyndrian prince, with whom she had once been embroiled.

Accordingly, in order to mis-

io8 DIVINE AUTHORITY—WHO HAVE IT:'lead the Athenian captain, she, without the least hesitation, bore down upon the Calyndrian vessel and sunk it, taking care that none of the crew should escape to betray her.

Was this not truly a feminine stratagem in which she at once deceived a public enemy and gratified a private vengeance?

She accomplished her object.

The Athenian seeing the vessel he had pursued thus attack a barbarian, conceived he"had mistaken a friendly vessel for a foe, and turned his attention to another object of assault.

Xerxes, who witnesed this last feat of Artemisia's, of course thought that it was a hostile ship she had sunken, and felt his admiration for the heroine still further increased.

His confidence in her superior wisdom was such that he summoned her alone to give advice as to the policy of his returning at once to Susa, and when she counseled him to depart he delivered to her care his young sons who had accompanied him to Greece.

Artemisia's warrior achievements ended at Salamis.

The remainder of her reign was devoted to the internal improvement of her kingdom.

In that corner of the Greek world men saw the popular factions so rampant in Ionia and the mother land, in complete subjection to a woman.

Nothing could daunt her, and her will was inflexible.

Her watchful eye detected every revolutionary conspiracy before it was ripe, and at last men feared to plot against the stern old princess.

When she had no longer to guard against revolutions, she directed her surplus energies to the ornamentation of her capital.

Sailors coming in from sea saw the haughty city growing into tenfold greater beauty on its commanding eminence.

The old queen lavished wealth and genius upon her royal seat.

In all the Greek world Halicarnassus beheld no rival save in Athens and Syracuse.

Cymon in Athens and Hiero of Syracuse beheld themselves rivaled by a woman, whose history was as romantic as that of an ancient hero.

In her latter days Artemisia relinquished the sceptor in favor of her son Pisendelis, but she gave up none of the real power.

Her strong, masculine spirit still clutched at sovereignty, and with all the executive capacity of a Catherine de Medici, she possessed a still greater power.

She held it to the last, dying at the age of nearly eighty.

Her memory as a queen was long revered in Caria, and her name was repeated a hundred years later in the wife of Mausolus, who built the costliest of monuments over the tomb of her dead husband.

No other Greek woman ever showed the capacity for government that Artemisia did.

Perhaps none ever really possessed the power.

Cleopatra was a puppet in the hands of Caesar and Antony, though she possessed much greater culture, did not have one tithe of the abilities of the Halicarnassian queen.

Olympia, the mother of Alexander, had no power of her own.

She ruled simply as a regent for her husband or her son, and had none of the warrior courage of Artemisia.

Her namesake, the second Artemisia, stands dwarfed beside the stern, reliant Amazon who fought for Xerxes.

The history of Greek warrior women ends with her.

Women after her were to reign in the temple of Apollo, and not on the throne of Zeus.

As the graceful Parthenon was to succeed the temple of the Olympain Zeus, so Aspasia succeeded Artemisia.

Selected.

DIVINE AUTHORITY-WHO HAVE IT To people of every religious persuasion, but more especially those who are earnest in their desires to be saved in the presence of God, is this question of vital importance. From the history of the past, we understand when God had a message to deliver to any of the earth's inhabitants, He invariably divinely commis-

DIVINE AUTHORITY—WHO HAVE IT?

sionedsome one to deliver that message.

For instance, He desired to warn Ninevah, and to that work He commissroned

Jonah.

He also desired to warn the inhabitants of the world before the deluge, and for that work he raised up and authorized

Noah to declare the warning.

And before famine came upon the land of Egypt, God raised up Joseph to forewarn the people.

The importance of this question becomes more apparent when we take into consideration that when God sends a person to do His will and work, He requires the people to give heed to His authorized servant.

And if the person whom God has sent and the message he bears be treated with indifference or contempt, God will hold them to account as guilty as if the insult were directly offered to Himself.

Here is the proof:

"He that heareth you heareth me, and he that despiseth you despiseth me, and he that despiseth me despiseth Him that sent me."This view is exceedingly reasonable. We will illustrate it further by a figure.

Suppose a mercantile firm in Salt Lake City wished to make purchases in New York; they send to that point an authorized agent, who does the business of purchasing for them;

the goods are sent here, the bill presented, and at once the firm acknowledge the transaction. Why? Because they authorized, sent and empowered that person to use their name and do business for them.

If another party who was not thus authorized should take it upon himself to make purchases for them, when the bill would be presented, the whole transaction would be regarded as a fraud, because the firm name had been used without authority.

Let the same line of reasoning be applied to the work of the ministry.

Should an individual understand that the mode of baptism is by immersion, and the object the remission of sins, and in administering the ordinance, say:

"In the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, I baptize you;"but at the same time, if he had no authority to act in the holy name of the Lord, the whole matter would be looked upon, by Him, as a fraud.

We will now examine the Scriptures of divine truth and try and find out how God authorized men to act in His name.

While Jesus was on the earth laboring among men, He set us good examples and laid down rules for our observance.

Indeed, it is said by Paul, and all Christians accept the statement:

"There is no other name under Heaven whereby man can be saved but by the name of Jesus Christ."Therefore it becomes us to be strictly governed by His precepts and daily practice.

And doubtless it will be readily conceded, by all who reflect, to be a fact that His doings and sayings, with reference to calling men to preach the Gospel and administering its ordinances, are as worthy our consideration as His example and counsel on any other subject.

Let us throw open our minds and receive truth, for "His word is truth."

John xx 21, records a very important matter in this connection;

it reads thus:

"Then said Jesus unto them, Peace be unto you:

as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you."From this scripture we learn, it was the fact of Jesus himself being sent of the Father that gave Him power to call others to the ministry.

And in further proof of this statement, we read, Hebrews v, 5, 6:

"So also Christ glorified not himself to be made a high priest: but he that said unto him,

Thou art my Son, to-day have I begotten thee.

As he saith also in another place, thou art a priest forever after the order of Melchisedec."This scripture, taken in connection with that quoted from John, is conclusive proof that Jesus did not assume the priesthood, but that He was called or appointed by the Father before He undertook the duties of the ministry; and the only reason He gave on this occasion for calling the Twelve was that He was sent by the leather.

Who are they, blessed with reason, that will refuse to admit that, if it was necessary that Jesus should be sent of the Father before assuming the authority to preach, it is much more requisite that

no DIVINE AUTHORITY—WHO HAVE IT?

poor, weak, mortal man, estranged from

God, should not "run before he is sent?"

Moses, when sent by the Lord to deliver Israel from the bondage they were in under Pharaoh, as narrated in Exodus iv, complained much to the Lord of his inability to speak the sentiments of his heart; and the Lord told him that his brother Aaron could speak well, and He also instructed him how he and Aaron were to conduct themselves in order to deliver the message of mercy they were intrusted with.

The 27th and 28th verses say:

"And the Lord said to Aaron, go unto the wilderness to meet

Moses.

And he went and met him in the mount of God, and kissed him; and

Moses told Aaron all the words of the Lord who had sent him, and all the signs he had commanded him."From this we learn that neither Moses nor Aaron took it upon themselves to deliver

Israel, but both were called and sent by divine revelation; and we here observe,

Aaron had to be called by revelation, his great power of public address notwithstanding.

It will be readily seen from the foregoing that when God wished ministers, he made it known by revelation. An objector to modern revelation would very likely say: "We are agreed.

In by-gone days, God called men to the ministry by revelation; but now it is not possible nor necessary, nor has it been since the days of Christ's apostles."True, true, Mr. Objector; it is true, since the days of the apostles it has not been possible, but I apprehend the necessity.

But we will continue to confine ourselves to the Bible while seeking evidence to guide us on this subject; for before our mind is the word of Isaiah as in letters of living fire: "To the law and to the testimony, and if they speak not according to this word it is because there is no light in them."Paul, when writing to the Hebrews on the subject of priesthood,said:"Andnoman taketh this honor unto himself, but he that is called of God as was Aaron."Here is a plain statement of how men are to receive the authority to preach the Gospel.

No man, except he be called and appointed by revelation, has divine authority.

The servants of God of eighteen hundred years ago said much upon this question, and why their teaching can be misunderstood or ignored by religionists of to-day, is not very apparent.

Here is another plain statement on the subject:

"How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed, and how shall they believe on him of whom they have not heard, and how shall they hear without a preacher, and how shall they preach except they be sent."

Roman Catholic, Protestant and Latter-day

Saint, are you willing to have your claim to divine authority brought up before the bar of God's word and reason, and be there tried?

If your claim be valid, an open and fair examination of it will only tend to establish it more firmly; but if it be that the claim you make to authority is not grounded on the "rock of ages,"the sooner you are apprized of it, the better.

We give the position of the Romanists in their own words, as taken from the

Right Rev.

Dr.

George Hay's book, entitled "The Sincere Christian:""By the word apostolical is meant that the Church of Christ was founded by the apostles, and received the doctrine of her faith, the powers of the priesthood, and the mission of her pastors from them at the beginning, and that she must continue to the end of the world in the profession of the same faith and doctrine, and in a continual uninterrupted succession of the priesthood and mission of her pastors."(p. 151.) "The Roman Catholic Church alone is truly apostolical, not only in the continual preservation of the sacred doctrines delivered by the apostles to her at the beginning but also in the constant uninterrupted succession of lawful pastors, with all the sacred powers of the priesthood and mission derived from the same source."(p. 158.) The above statement and claim, if warranted by the word of God would render that church the only one accepted of Him, and consequently all others, without exception, apostates. Two things are here claimed:

first, that she has preserved the doctrines of Christ;

and, second, she "s in

DIVINE AUTHORITY—WHO HAVE IT?

in possession of the priesthood.

We will examine the first of these by contrasting—some Catholic doctrine with the Bible, in order to find out if "she has preserved,"up to the present, the doctrines of Christ:

Catholic doctrine: "The priests of our church must not marry.""Neither our priests or nuns are married, yet they are, we assert, in the Lord."The Bible doctrine:

"Marriage is honorable in all.""The man is not without the woman or the woman without the man in the Lord."

Catholic:

"If infants are not actually baptized with water, and they die, they cannot go to heaven.""Jesus said: "Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven."Catholic: "We baptize infants who are incapable of believing or disbelieving."

Jesus said: "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved."Catholic:

"We make, uncover our heads to, kneel before and kiss images.""We also pray to Saints."Bible:

"Thou shalt not make any graven image that is in the heaven above or the earth beneath."Catholic: "God is immense, and infinite, and filleth all places and all things.''

Bible: "A great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the Lord, but the Lord was not in the wind, and after the wind an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake, and after the earthquake a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire."It becomes unnecessary to say the Roman Catholics have departed from, instead of having preserved the doctrines of Christ, because this is self-evident from the above comparison.

We will now examine their claim to authority on the ground of "uninterrupted succession."We find on page of the "Sincere Christian"the following:

"The church never proposes to her children any new article of faith, but only brings to light and unfolds the truths originally revealed by Jesus Christ and this is the principal thing in which the Holy Ghost gives her

His infallible assistance."On page 118, it is said: "We hold that the rule of faith is the word of God, as interpreted by the church."Now, before proceeding further, we ask, Could any person perform the mission and duties of an apostle without having the qualifications and blessings pertaining to that office and calling?

The assertion "they could"would be on its face too great an absurdity.

Yet Romanists virtually take this position.

They tell us they perform the mission of apostles, and with the same breath say their"only rule for divine guidance is the word of God (anciently revealed) as interpreted by the church,"and "the Holy Ghost makes no new revelations,"but only assists them to bring to light and unfold the "truths originally revealed by Jesus Christ."The apostles whom Jesus sent not only had a divine call to the ministry, but were also divinely qualified to execute the work enjoined upon them.

In the absence of their divine master, who directed them in their labors, He revealed His will to them that they might know what He desired.

Jesus said to them: "But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever

I have said unto you."This Comforter was the agent between God and them, which qualified them for the ministry, because it taught them all things, and not only brought to their minds things past, but also, gave them new revelation.

Here is a case in point: "And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away.

So they being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed into Seleucia."(Acts xiii, 3, 4.)

We ask Romanists how their uninterrupted succession of priesthood was maintained since the Holy Ghost made no new revelation? At the death of Leo

X was Adrian VI called of God as was Aaron?

He certainly could not be called in that way, because Aaron's call was direct from God, nor could Leo X be sent in the same manner as Barnabas and Saul, because their appointment

LOUIS KOSSUTH.

was declared to be the "work of the Holy Ghost,"and consequently a revelation, which to take place in the sixteenth century would be contrary to the

Catholic rule of faith.

As has been shown, the Roman Catholics have departed from the doctrines of Christ and His Apostles, therefore it is not the Church of Christ.

They are not qualified as were the apostles, therefore they are not capable of filling the mission of apostles.

Their rule of faith and the limits they set to the operation of the Holy Ghost render it clear they receive not nor do they believe in new revelation; therefore they have no priesthood, because no man can have it but he that is called of God as Aaron was.

The Protestants lay claim to no more authority than is contained in the commission Jesus gave to His Apostles, Mark xvi, 15, which reads: "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature."Say they: "Jesus desired that the gospel should be preached to every creature; and as there are creatures who, we believe, have not heard it, we feel from this commission authorized to preach."Let us reflect a little on this.

If the sayings of Christ, uttered eighteen hundred years ago, authorized one denomination to preach, it certainly gives the same authority to all others, because no one specially is mentioned; so therefore it authorizes the Methodists, who teach "all are saved through grace;"it also authorizes the Presbyterians, who teach "there are some who are saved by election, and others damned by predestination."

It authorizes the Society of Friends, who say "all are on the way to hell but them;"it also authorizes the Universalists, who say "all people of all denominations will be saved in Heaven."It authorizes the Episcopalians, who accept as divine all the books in the Bible;

it also authorizes the Lutherans, who reject as spurious five of these books.

It authorizes the Evangelical Union, who teach "the atonement is of no importance."To believe Christ is the originator, upholder and director of such contradictions, is too preposterous for further consideration.

What are the claims of the Latterday Saints to authority?

As it has been shown by the foregoing, all divine authority has been taken from the earth for hundreds of years; and in order to have it on the earth again it must be brought here by those who have it.

Then you believe it necessary that those who have it must come with it before it can be enjoyed on the earth?

Yes: most decidedly. Well, has the divine authority been given you from Heaven;

for if not, so far as that is concerned you are in no better condition than others?

It has again come to earth;

here is the testimony of Joseph Smith, who in company with Oliver Cowdery received the divine messengers.

"While we were thus employed, praying and calling upon the Lord, a messenger from heaven descended in a cloud of light and having laid his hands upon us, he ordained us, saying unto us 'Upon you my fellow servants, in the name of the Messiah, I confer the Priesthood of Aaron, which holds the keys of the ministering of angels and of the Gospel of repentance and of baptism by immersion, for the remissoin of sins; and this shall never again be taken from the earth, until the sons of Levi do offer again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness.'"The Melchisedec Priesthood was also confered upon Joseph Smith by Peter, James and John.

When the authority was again brought back the channel of revelation was opened between God and man, and consequently Joseph Smith knew whom

God desired should have the Priesthood and was able to say, as Jesus said, "As my Father hath sent me even so

I send you."Therefore among the Latterday Saints men are called to the ministry as was Aaron.

A. M. Buchanan.

LOUIS KOSSUTH.

Thirty years ago the hero of the hour in the United States was Louis Kossuth, the unsuccessful defender of liberty in Hungary, and then one of the foremost orators in the world.

He was the guest of Congress, and was tendered

IN MEMORY.

such honors as never have been offered to any foreigner, not even excepting Lafayette.

The legislature of every Northern State invited him to its capitol;

young men all over the country, in their enthusiasm, donned the soft felt hat and feather worn by the Magyars.

As he passed from city to city, the excitement grew feverish.

Multitudes crowded about him, moved to passion and tears by the power of his eloquence and pathos.

Kossuth was then a man of forty-eight.

He was the son of a Magyar noble, and was educated in all the prejudices of his order against the peasant class.

But the boy was of a peculiar character, which set him apart from all his associates.

He had the firmness, the genius for command, which constitute a leader of men, and at the same time a heart tender as that of a woman.

When he was a child, he often came home from school in the bitter cold of a Hungarian winter almost naked, having stripped himself to clothe some poor playfellow.

He was passionately fond of hunting as a young man, but once, when reading Firdousee, a Persian poet, he was startled by an appeal for pity to dumb animals, and made a vow never to indulge himself again in pleasure gained by the pain of any living creature.

He kept his vow.

So fond were the serfs of Ujhely of the young noble, that when there was an insurrection among them, and the town was besieged, a flag of truce was sent in with food for him and his family.

Kossuth at twenty-one became a leader of his people in their struggle for freedom.

When only thirty-three, he was sentenced to an imprisonment of six years in the fortress of Buda.

Instead of giving way to despair, he managed to secure a Bible, Shakspeare and a dictionary, and set himself to acquire English, with the hope which he afterwards fulfilled of influencing England and America to aid his enslaved race. When he came to this country, he spoke the language with a fluency and power exceptional even in a native, which shows what difficulties may be overcome by inflexible purpose.

Daniel Webster, being asked his opinion of the great Magyar, replied, "He has the manners of a king.

As for his English, it is the English of Shakspeare and of Milton;

not ours.""I had rather have newspapers without government,"said Thomas Jefferson, "than government without newspapers."IN MEMORY.

He has not gone to dwell alone,

From out this world of pain and sin,

For others on that path have gone;

The angel land to win.

A loving friend, perchance, and true,

Has gone from earth before him, too;

And in the realms of bliss, This friend his path with flow'rs shall strew,

And meet him with a kiss.

The path that winds in blooming vales,

Shall bear them up as, hand in hand,

They travel on to brighter dales,

Then in the Savior's land They rest with others who are there,

Until the time when all shall share

In death, in nature's way;

Until the angel shall declare The resurrection dav.

The vail shall rend; from homes of rest

The Saints shall come to dwell on earth,

Which purified shall be, and blest,

And cleansed through nobler birth.

When friend with friend shall meet and talk,

In love and union ever walk, And taste no more of sin.

Then, death no more our hopes shall balk,

Nor precious lives shall win.

The Savior, then, with us shall dwell,

Shall reign our King a thousand years;

The pains that now our bosoms swell

Shall banished be; no tears Of bitter birth shall eyes bedim.

To gain such bliss be true to Him,

Seek not this world's alloys;

Seek God, and He will comfort you,

And grant you all His joys.

Edu<ard 11. Anderson.

ii4 EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, December, 1883.

CHARLES C. RICH.

While President Taylor and party were attending the Sanpete Stake Conference at Ephraim, word came by telegram on the morning of November that the veteran Apostle Charles C. Rich was sinking rapidly, after his long affliction, and that his death was hourly anticipated.

On receipt of this message President Woodruff, in speaking to the writer, observed that he could not mourn the departure of his old fellow laborer and friend, but that he had prayed for his release from the terrible affliction which held him bound a sufferer upon earth, unable to discharge the duties of his holy calling either here or in the spirit world.

He was therefore glad if the hour of his release had come, for he realized that labor of the highest and most glorious description, in which his spirit would delight, awaited him beyond the vail.

These are the thoughts, which the death of a Saint who has spent the vigor of his life in the service of God on earth call forth, from those who understand the eternal nature of the cause of Truth in which the Saints are engaged.

All Israel mourns the loss of their leaders and the servants of 'God when they die, but all Israel rejoices in the victory such have won, and in the thought of meeting again on that brighter shore beyond the dark and mystic river Death.

Brother Rich was one of the noble men of his generation and time.

He was endowed with those sterling qualities of head and heart that signalize valor, courage, truth, virtue, and stamp the man who possesses them with that indefinable power and influence, which makes him a leader among his fellowmen.

He was a wise counselor and true friend, a patriarch in his family, revered and loved, and he was esteemed by the people among whom he dwelt as a father, always kind, approachable, and ready to comfort and bless.

A vein of genial humor in his character often enabled him to dispel clouds of difficulty and to show the brighter side of many a dark or gloomy picture.

Brother Rich took the Gospel to his heart when he embraced it, and forever after each and every truth pertaining to it came to him as the evolutions of nature.

He never doubted a principle, and was early in life established in the Truth.

He filled up the measure of his creation to the best of his ability in doing his Father's will, and was an untiring, zealous laborer in the vineyard, during the whole period of his connection with the Church, as may be seen from the following biographical sketch, which was published in the Bear Lake Democrat:

"Charles Coulson Rich was born Aug.

21, 1809, in Campbell County, Kentucky;

was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by Ira M.

Hinkle in Tazewell County, Illinois, April 1, 1832, and ordained an Elder in Fountain County, Indiana, by Zebedee Coltrin, while en route to Kirtland to see the Prophet Joseph.

He received his endowments in the Kirtland temple, and was ordained a High Priest under the hands of Patriarch Hyrum Smith, at

Kirtland.

He moved, with his father, to Far West, Missouri, in 1S36, and was married to Sarah D.

Pea, February 11, 1837, near Caldwell County, Missouri, by

George M. Hinkle.

"Brother Rich took a prominent part with the Saints in all the persecutions in

Missouri.

While carrying a flag of truce between the camp of the Saints and mobocrats, at Far West, he was shot at, about ten yards distant, by one Bogard, a Methodist preacher and a mob officer.

At the battle of Crooked River, when David Patten fell mortally wounded, and while bullets were flying thick and fast,

EDITORIAL.

"5 he laid down his sword in the heat of the battle and administered the ordinance of laying on hands to the dying hero;

after which, he resumed the sword, assumed command, and the battle of Crooked River was won by the Saints.

Because of the prominent part he took in the Missouri troubles, he was forced to flee for his life through the wilderness into Illinois.

He was ordained a member of the High Council in Nauvoo, and was a member of the City Council.

He left Nauvoo on the 13th of February, 1S46, and presided over Mount Pisgah branch the following winter.

Left Pisgah March 20, 1847, for Winter Quarters, starting for Salt Lake June 14, 1847, in charge of a company of moving Saints.

He arrived in Salt Lake valley October 3, 1847.

During the absence of the Twelve, on their return to Winter Quarters, he acted in the valley as counselor to Father John Smith, who was left to preside over the colony.

"Elder Rich was ordained a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles

February 12, 1849, and started on a mission to California on the 9th of the following October, returning home November 4, 1850. He again went to California,

March 6, 1851, with a portion of his family and a company of Saints by the southern route, to purchase a place for the location of the Saints that might be gathered from the islands of the Pacific.

With Elder A. M. Lyman, in September, 1851, he purchased the ranch of San Bernardino, containing an area of twenty miles square, for the sum of $77,500, to which place the company removed and began the foundation and settlement of what is now one of the richest and finest countries in southern California.

When the Buchanan war broke out, the ranche of San Bernardino was sold, and the Saints returned to Utah.

Brother Rich leaving there April 16, 1S57, arrived in Salt Lake in June of the same year.

He accompanied Gen.

D. H. Wells to Echo Canyon and Fort Bridger during the Buchanan war, rendering valuable counsel and aid.

His first mission to Europe was in i860, leaving home on the 1st of May, laboring in England until September 18, 1862.

In the autumn of 1S63, Brother Rich explored Bear Lake valley, and moved his family there in the following spring.

He has been the main supporter and pioneer in the establishment of towns and settlements in that region, where he still resided at the time of his death.

In the political affairs of Utah, he served several terms as a member of the House and Council in the Legislature.

His attention to duty never allowed the barriers of the frozen north to daunt him.

He has many times crossed the mountains on snowshoes to attend Conference.

"In the year 1872, Brother Rich visited the reunion of the Rich family, held at Truro, Cape Cod, Massachusetts.

"He was the son of Joseph Rich and Nancy O. Neal, his mother dying three days after her arrival in Salt Lake, and his father dying in Paris, Bear Lake valley, July 26th, in the year 1866.

"Brother Rich was stricken with paralysis October 24, 1880, and died in Paris,

November 17, 1S83.

During all these three years of affliction he was never heard to complain or in any manner evince anything but a spirit of the utmost contentment and resignation."A PRIZE CHRISTMAS STORY.

Pursuant to the announcement in our

Prospectus for Volume Five of a Christmas Story, we extended the following invitation to all who have ever written for our columns.

To Writersfor the Contributor:

Your attention is respectfully directed to the announcement, in the Prospectus of Volume Five, of a Christmas Story, which it is our intention to publish in the January number, to be issued about the twenty-fourth of December, as a holiday number of the Magazine.

For the purpose of adding interest to this feature of the new volume, and eliciting the best efforts of those whose writings have already given so much satisfaction to the readers of the Contributor, it is proposed to invite you to enter into a friendly competition for the space to be devoted to this story—about S

n6 RIGHT SURVIVES MIGHT.

twenty pages—and for a prize of twentyfive dollars, subject to the following conditions:

Manuscript must be neatly prepared and delivered by December ist, and must be limited to fifteen thousand words.

It will be considered preferable if the foundation of the narrative shall be in facts connected with the travels of the Church, or relating to events in the history of our people.

Each contribution should be signed with initials or a device, and the name of the writer together with his fictitious signature sent in a separate envelope.

The manuscripts will be opened and read by a select committee, who will decide upon the successful one, and award the prize before opening the envelopes containing the names of the writers.

The competition is confined to those who have already written for the Magazine.

Address manuscript and envelopes containing names to the Contributor Office, and mark on the envelopes, plainly, the words, "Christmas Story."

We trust there will be a general and prompt response to this invitation.

Yours very truly, Junius F.

Wells.

The prospects are that several stories will be received, from which a selection will be made.

Death borders upon our birth and our cradle stands in the grave.

Hall.

RIGHT SURVIVES MIGHT.

The understanding of men is varied and conflicting.

It is an utter impossibility to hear from a given number of persons an exactly corresponding account of a transaction which all of them have witnessed.

No two lawyers look upon the points involved in a case precisely alike; doctors disagree as to the symptoms presented, indications of cure and treatment of a disease.

The public at large have contending theories in relation to popular measures and remedies, and still chaos does not prevail.

The divergent and opposing opinions emanating from that undescribed and indescribable entity in human affairs known as the mind, mingle for a time, produce discord and strife, and out of the conflict arises coherency, tangibility and form, the prevailing idea controlling and being accepted as law. This may not be a complete exposition of the groundwork of this grand philosophy, but it will be recognized as a correct one.

It does not follow, however, that because the majority have settled upon a plan of action for the guidance and government of all, that the minority are theoretically or practically wrong;

their united voice and action is less potent, but their conclusions may be and often are more just.

In support of this proposition, a myriad of instances might be cited, but a few will suffice.

Galileo made the discovery that the sun did not revolve around the earth, as it appears to do, but that it was relatively a fixture and the earth moved in an orbit around it as well as performing diurnal rotations upon an imaginary axis.

This doctrine was treated as a heresy by the assumed spiritual dictators of the people, and he was required, as a condition of forgiveness, to publicly recant what he had announced and knew to be the truth.

The civilized world to-day recognize the correctness of Galileo's theory, and know that of his opponents to be an utterly preposterous fallacy, born of ignorance and nourished by heathenish tradition.

Yet the advocates of the latter, with one exception, represented a totality of the people, the astronomer being the exception and the helpless minority—but he was right and they were wrong.

When Robert Fulton perfected his grand scheme of steam as a motive

EXTINCTION OF DRUIDISM.

"7 power upon the waters, and launched his craft in the Hudson River, the venture was witnessed by an assembled multitude, among whom there were no sympathizing friends, no believers in the feasibility of his project; they had not assembled to witness the triumph of persevering genius, but to deride and decry the disastrous culmination of an obscure and unpopular man's labors.

But when the mighty mechanism felt the power of the steam in its iron joints, and the ponderous piston-rod sent the paddles in rapid succession into and out of the water, creating a force which propelled the vessel grandly away from the presence of the scoffers, they then realized that they—the majority—were wrong, and he—the insignificant minority—was right.

When a handful of people populating the British colonies of America decided that the unjust legislation and aggressive measures of the mother country should no longer be borne, and placed themselves in a hostile attitude to maintain that decision, they were what then seemed a hopeless minority;

but they were victorious, and the principles for which they contended are now admitted to be just and proper by a large proportion of the defeated majority.

The world is full of such incidents, all pointing to the grand fact that a principle, if correct, cannot be destroyed, no matter how weak its defenders or how powerful its opponents.

The test of correctness is found in its ability to live on despite antagonism and strife.

If an erroneous idea takes root in the human mind, it cannot survive the shock of the conflict which it will produce, no matter how well fortified and sustained it may be for a time; whether right or wrong, it will be fought from its birth; and if it be encased in the impenetrable armor of eternal truth, it matters not how humble its station or how feeble its adherents, it will live and conquer.

It will have its hours of vicissitude, its days of despondency, but its years of triumph will be as illimitable as the abyss of space.

Essay Caigh.

The time spent in reading books that do not make us think is worse than useless.

One good book may furnish food for a lifetime.

EXTINCTION OF DRUIDISM.

Whatever may have been the merits of the religion of the ancient Britons theoretically, like many religions of more modern times, it did not benefit them much in a practical way;

at least this was the case with the general masses, of the people.

The Druids themselves, who made the laws but paid no taxes, who did no common labor, yet lived on the fat of the land, evidently cared little by what precarious means the common people procured their own living.

While the youths of Britain were building huge temples in the secluded forests under the direction of these priests, their parents were dwelling in mud hovels thatched with straw; while their minds were steeped in ignorance, even as to the injurious methods used by their superiors to raise the gigantic blocks of stone, which formed those structures whose relics and ruins are seen to-day.

Instead of imparting such practical information to the people as would improve their condition, which is really the groundwork of both individual and national prosperity, it is believed they deluded them with the statement that the temples were erected by magic—

a power supposed to be possessed by the Druids.

Whether this deception was practiced or not, it is certain each priest carried a magic wand, and wore about his neck what he claimed to be a serpent's egg, fastened up in a golden case.

These eggs were said to be obtained under very singular circumstances, and to possess a miraculous charm or virtue.

How strikingly different is a false re-

n8 EXTINCTION OF DRUIDISM.

ligion like Druidism from that which is revealed from heaven in our day! What a contrast between the mysterious chicanery of the one, and the candid nobility of the other.

The one debasing, cruel and oppressive; the other elevating, instructive and sublime What a lesson is taught by this picture of folly and fanaticism on one side, and of enlightenment and progress on the other.

Still, in contemplating the course of the Druids, we must consider their peculiar surroundings, and make many allowances.

Remember, if they freed themselves from taxation, they possessed unquestioned authority to do so.

There is nothing strange about such an action with such power in their hands.

See how the tax collector is dodged in enlightened countries to-day, even when there is no hope of escape, and no power to evade his official grasp.

Do you think, if such power were possessed in the nineteenth century, even in this land of progress, that those who wielded it would follow the collector to his home on a cold night to pay their taxes?

"Let him who is without sin cast the first stone,"and let charity and common sense plead for these early "reformers."Then we must also recollect, that if the Druids were peculiar in their views on religion generally, according to our mode of thinking, they had no revelation, no gospel, nothing but traditionary principles and human ideas to guide them.

Then again, they had no opposition. There were no antagonistic creeds to give them spiritual warfare.

In no debate with aggressive revivals did they have to explain or defend their mysterious practices.

There were no newspapers to denounce their cruel acts, and, with sensational headlines, to hold up the priestly perpetrators to public censure.

On the contrary, they had things pretty much their own way; and there is no telling how long their power would have lasted, how many human victims they would have sacrificed, or to what extent their policy and rule would have been carried, if Julius Caesar had not brought his army, and, sailing in ships from the French coast, landed on the shores of Britain, as the herald of a new, although imperfect civilization.

It is thought that St.

Paul visited Britain in an early day, but however that may be it is believed that the Gospel was preached there during the time of the Romans, and at all events the Catholic religion was introduced there under their rule.

The Druids did not like the doctrines of the new religion, and when it was taught that to serve God people "must do to others as they would be done by,"and "love their neighbor like themselves,"the Druids cursed all who should believe in such doctrines.

But when it was found that the curses had no effect, that whether the Druids blessed or anathematized, people prospered just the same, their following fell away; and it is not to be wondered at that the angry priests brought upon themselves their own destruction.

They had predicted their own triumph and the downfall of their opponents, but the prophecies failed and they were in time overcome;

large numbers were massacred, and a remnant took refuge in Anglesea, but was afterwards destroyed.

It is said that some of these unfortunate people were caught and caged in their own wicker baskets, and there consumed, if not exactly after the pattern of their own cruel ceremonies, at least with the same disastrous results.

Thus the Druids, who had once been so formidable to their own people, and whose hopes of success in resisting the enemy had almost crystallized into prophetic certainty, were compelled to flee before the invading hosts.

Driven from their strongholds of seclusion, hitherto held sacred, they fell a prey with the humblest of their followers to the swordof the stranger, and by their final extinction expiated and ended one of the most dangerous freaks of fanaticism the world has ever known.

Chas. W. Stayner.

The man who is in the wrong generally uses hard words and soft arguments, while the man who is in the right uses soft words and hard arguments.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

REPORT BLANKS.

Stake and Ward Report Blanks for the Y. M.

M.

I.

Associations may be procured after the 15th of December at the office of the General Secretary.

It will insure a more perfect distribution of the blanks if the Stake officers will order sufficient for all the Associations in their respective Stakes.

Address Nephi W. Clayton, Salt Lake

City.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE—CACHE.

The regular Quarterly Conference of the Y.

M.

M.

I.

Associations of Cache Valley Stake of Zion, was held in Logan Tabernacle, Sunday, October 14th, 1883.

a. m.

Present on the stand:

Of the General Superintendency, W.

Woodruff and Moses Thatcher;

the Stake Superintendency,.Stake Presidency, Prest. Wm. Budge of

Bear Lake Stake, and officers of the County Associations.

Opening prayer by President C. O. Card.

Supt.

L.

R.

Martineau stated that those Associations who had not already resumed their regular weekly meetings, should do so at once.

Trusted that officers would use their utmostendeavorsto make their Associations instructive and interesting during the coming season.

The following brethren gave their views briefly upon the subject of mutual improvement:

Elder Wm.

Daines, Jr., of Hyde Park;

J. A. McAllister, Second Ward, Logan; Samuel Oldham, Paradise.

Apostle Moses Thatcher spoke upon the necessity of a thorough system of exercises being adopted by the Associations. Thought the programme of exercises contained in Volume Two of the Contributor an excellent one that should be adopted as a basis by all Associations.

Advocated and recommended the'Treceptor"as a good book;

and one from which much instruction could be derived.

Mutual Improvement Associations were not established for amusement, but to secure the members testimonies of the truth.

President W. Woodruff was anxious for the welfare of the Associations; they were instituted for the benefit of the young of Zion, and the results had been so far very satisfactory.

There was still room for many improvements being made.

Some of the Saints think, in order to obtain a testimony of the truth of the Gospel, they must see some unusual manifestation, such as visiting of angels, etc.

This is incorrect;

after having passed through the ordinances of baptism, and the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, Saints can receive a testimony by the inspiration ot the Spirit. Associations were established to give the young an opportunity of gaining a knowledge of the Gospel.

2 p.m. The following Y. M. M.

I. A.

Stake missionaries spoke briefly:

T. C.

Parkinson, of Franklin, J.

B. Jardine, of Clarkston, and A. Merrill, of Richmond.

President Wm. Budge said the result of the establishment of Mutual Improvement Associations has proven that it was done by inspiration.

Young men who now go upon missions have hardly any excuse for being incompetent, for by attending their Association meetings they can prepare themselves to expound the Gospel intelligently.

Urged upon the young the necessity of keeping the commandments of God.

President W. Woodruff spoke upon interesting and beneficial topics to the young men.

Assistant Superintendent Seth A.Langton presented the General and Stake Authorities of the Y. M. M.

I. A., who were sustained unanimously.

President Wm. B. Preston spoke upon the necessity of the Word of Wisdom being more generally observed, and especially by those who expect to do their work in the Temple now nearing completion, giving good advice and counsel upon the subject.

Apostle Moses Thatcher urged the patronage and reading of the Contributor by members—deprecated the vice of backbiting—"control your thoughts

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

in pure channels; a man who can not control his thoughts cannot control his actions."Conference adjourned for three months.

Benediction by President Woodruff.

R. S. Campbell, Secretary OFFICERS OF THE Y. M. M.

I. A.

It is our intention, as rapidly as possible, to publish the names of the officers of all the Y.

M.

M.

I.

Associations.

Stake Superintendents are requested to at once respond with complete lists to the call made by the General Secretary.

WEBER STAKE.

Stake Officers.—E. H. Anderson, Superintendent;

L.

A.

Herrick, Zechariah Ballantyne, Counselors;

A. T. Wright, Corresponding Secretary;

Alma D.

Chambers, Recording Secretary; W.

S.

Harris, Treasurer.

First Ward, Ogden.—Wm.

Jackson, President; Heber Stowell, W. H. Wallace,

Counselors;

D. W.

Stone, Geo.

Browning, Secretaries;

L.

J.

Holther, Treasurer.

Second Ward, Ogden.—Wm.

Purdy, President;

J.

G.

Ellis, J.

E.

Browning, Counselors; Washington Jenkins, Secretary; W. James, Treasurer.

Third Ward, Ogden.—Jos. T. Johnson,

President; Henry J. Newman, B. E. Rich,

Counselors;

S.

P.

Richards, Secretary;

Newton Farr, Treasurer.

Fourth Ward, Ogden.—Moroni Poulter,

President;

Chas.

Tillotson, Jos.

F.

Burton, Counselors;

John V.

Bluthe, Secretary.

Uintah.—John Priest, President; Wm.

Gale, Hyrum Stoddard, Counselors;

Fred Wilkinson, Secretary.

Riverdale.—Jos. Fife, President; Adam

Russel, Frank Watson, Counselors;

David Russel, Secretary.

East Hooper.—Oliver Belnap, President; A. C. Christiansen, Alfred Stanger,

Counselors;

John Manning, Secretary;

David Jones, Treasurer.

Pleasant View.—Jas. M. Wade, President;

Wilford Cragun, F. G. Williams, Counselors; E. H. G. Williams, Samson

Knowles, Secretaries;

Moses Wade Treasurer.

Marriotts.—Hans Madsen, President;

Moroni S. Marriott, Geo.

Butler, Counselors;

Bernard Parry, Secretary;

Jas- W. Burton, Treasurer.

Mound Fort.—John L. Wilson, President; Walker Barlow, Jules A.

Farley, Counselors; Fred. E. Barker, Secretary;

Ellis Barker, Treasurer.

Huntsville—Geo.

Halls, President;

David McKay, A. H.

Sprague, Counselors;

Chas.

Wright, Secretary;

Moses Petersen, Librarian.

West Hooper.—Eli Spaulding, President; Willard Flinders, Wm. Wadsworth,

Counselors;

J. T. Rigby, Secretary; John Haynes, Treasurer.

West Weber.—Nathan W.

Hawkes, President;

Almy Hardy, J. W.

Hart, Counselors; Wm. Parrington, Secretary;

C. Green, Treasurer.

Eden.—Heber R. McBride, President;

Henry Fuller, A. C. Heninger, Counselors; W. J. Linsey, Secretary.

Lynne.—W. W. Crane, President; Geo.

Smuin and Matilla Shaw, Counselors;

Jno. H. Cordon, Secretary and Treasurer.

Wilson.—James Wilson, President;

Willard Bingham, Daniel Drake, Counselors; Nephi Anderson,

Secretary and Librarian.

Plain City.—Wm.

L.

Stewart, President; Wm. Knight, C. W. Weatherston,

Counselors;

F. S. Bramwell, Secretary.

Slaterville.—H.

Bartholomew, President; Jas.

A.

Slater, Geo. W. Stanger, Counselors;

Wm.

Halley and W.

H.

Manning, Secretaries;

Isaac L.

Allred, Treasurer.

East Harrisville.—N.

L.

Shurtliff, President;

R.

D. Brown, A. K. DeBell, Counselors;

N.

J.

Harris, Secretary;

Green Taylor, Treasurer; M. H.

Harris, Librarian.

West Harrisville.—Jacob Thomas, President; W. W. Taylor, Jas.

Martin.

Counselors;

P. C. Stevenson, Secretary;

V. C. Hegsted, Librarian; N. W. Taylor, Treasurer.

North Ogden.—Jas. Storey, President;

John W. Gibson, N.

H.

Barker, Counselors;

Geo.

S.

Dean, Secretary; John Chadwick, Wm. Cazier, Assistants; Geo.

I W. Rose, Librarian.

B. H. GODDARH.

.IUNIUS F.

WK1,I,S.

H.

.7. GRANT, Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

F$©pp©§©«fflt N1@R)© feat Pipst ©Bass e@mptiii?©s. -w—

msi? i}E8q: is ^l^^ys qche chejkpebq:.

Office: Hooper «Sc Eld.rec3.gre Block, Salt Lake Cit3r.

PRIZE CHRISTMAS STORY.

Our next Number will contain TWO REAITIFFX CHRISTMAS STORIES.

A description of the Falls and Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone, by Moses Thatcher.

A Christmas Idyl, by O.

F. Whitney.

"The Governors of Utah,"and an unusual variety of entertaining matter A large extra edition will be issued.

A liberal Reduction will be made to Agents, who should order by

December 20, that they may be supplied promptly.

Price of the Holiday Number. 25 Cents.

H. W. SPENCER.

W. R. EVANS.

WALKER OPEEA HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY, P.

0. Box 1019.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN

CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY,

Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Motions, Etc.

stfoi&ttwd

M.

K. CUMMINGS.

rl J. R. WIKMR,.JR.

Xv^A.I3Sr STREET, PARLOR, COOKING, HEATING, OFFICE and BEDROOM STOVES,

JLND JEYEMTTMING TO JFURNISM A. H.IICMEN.

Ui#&- tW „ESTABLISHED 1874.

FIRST CLASS SUI 1:

3Vtade to Order.

PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED.

All Correspondence to a. 0. T^rne^g <tt constitution ^ rft U> East Temple Streei S, Building.

VVfUV^ Op^fte Z. C. tf.

/.

-<*f y\^\S^ W* Carry JFnll Lines of \J V>*^ FRENCH, ENGLISH, SCOTCH and IDOTVCESTTO GOOIDS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

lid C< GENERAL MERCHANDISE, WHOLESALE and RETAILDealers in PRODUCE AND DRIED FRUITS.

HIGHEST MARKET PRICES PAID FOR FARM PRODUCTS.

Special Attention given to Orders by Mail.

STHDBBA

J^ >1 I'Co i Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The fioorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work -would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

Durable Plain, Twilled and Dress Flannels!

White, Grey and Mottled Blankets!

Shawls, Yarns, Tweeds, Lindseys -ATJOHIT C- Old.

Cozistit-o.tio3^.

IB-u.ild.i:ngr-

UNION SCHOOL FURNITURE

CO., Sole Manufacturers of the Celebrated

AUTOMATIC S€M&&L SEAT/ A great Improvement over all other Styles.

—~W\*-'\W-'DURABLE, CONVENIENT, COMFORTABLE.

In use in the leading Schools of the Country.

Already introduced at JVephi and loth Waid, Salt Lake City.

Teachers'Desks, Recitation Desks, Hall Seats, Opera Chairs,

Maps, Globes, real Slate and Slating for Blackboards, Reading Charts, Physiological Charts, Window Shades, Teachers'Registers, District

Blanks, and everything needed for Schools.

Office Desks, in various Styles of superior Workmanship.

Send for fall Dascriptive Catalogue, containing Elaborate Plans and Specifications jor School

Houses.

Address, O. H. RaCCS, General Agent.

BOX 527, SALT LAKE CITY.

f UR&?NG Try it and you trill buy 5*Bpj|j|jjjg no other.

~^^m YOUNG BROTHERS, Two Doors South of Z, C.

M.

!., Salt Lake City.

nbTIME GOING SOXJTP3C.

CARD.a-> QOX1STO- NORTH.

._._.„.„Atlantic STATIONS.

Express.

Pacific Express.

Park City Express.

Mail and Express.

STATIONS.

Pacific Express.

Atlantic Espress.

Park City Express.

Mail and Express.

Ogd en, Depart Eaysville.......

Farmington...

7.00a.m.

7.45 7.58 "8.12 8.30 "8.30a.m 9.05 9.18 9.32 9 50 10.30a.m.

11.10 11.24 11.41 12.00 m.

5.15p.m 5.5") 6.08 "6.26 6.45 Frisco, Depart Milford........

.

4.00p.m.

6.10 11.45 4.45a.m.

5.19 6.05 6.19 6.39 6.52 7.28 7.52 8.01) 8.09 8.14 8.(4 8.54 9.04 9.12 9 30 Deseret Juab 1.40p.m Salt Lake, Ar 2.14 Salt Lake, Dp Francklyn Lovendahls...

Sandy 7.00a.m 7.18 7.26 7.3(5 7.46 8.14 8.19 "8.27 8.86 9.00 9.12 9.24 9.42 9.55 10.42 11.15 "Ar.JuAE SOip.m.

3.23 3.31 3.41 3.51 "4.19 4.24 4.32 "4.41 5 05 5.17 5.29 5.47 6.00 6.47 7.45 11.50 6 30a.m.

8.30 cO o j» a £* it 5 = » £ - >> K c3 cj Santaquin 3.00 3.14 Spanish Fork.

Springville...

3.34 3.47 4.00 Lehi Junction.

PleasantGrove AmericsnFork Lehi Lehi Junction.

4.21 4.32 American Fork PleasantGrove 4.41 4.46 5.14 Springville....

Spanish Fork..

5 24 Lovendahls....

5 34 5.42 Santaqrin Salt Lake, Ar.

6.00 Salt Lake, Dp.

Woods Cross...

Farmington...

Eaysville O'gden, Arrive 6.10a m:

6.29 6.46 7.00 7.40 7.1 Oa.m 7.18 7.32 7.45 8.20 H 00 p.m.

3.18 3.34 3.47 4 2".

« 7.30p.m Juab 7.49 8 06 Milford 8.20 Frisco, Arrive 9.0) JOHN SHARP, Genl. Supt.

JAMES SHARP, Asst. Genl. Supt.

FRANCIS COPE, Genl. F. & P. Agt.

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE RAILWAY.

FROM THE SOUTH.

FROM THE NORTH.

Accomodation Train.

Pacific Express.

Springville Accom'd'n.

Atlantic Express.

Springville Accom'd'n.

Leaves COAL MINE 5.47 a.m.

5.52 7.47 -9.22 "*'.

10.02 10.57 11.52 '« 12.43 pm.

2.13 2.28 2.43 4.02 4.58 6.02 HOOPEE....

8.42a.m.

8.57 9.20 9.29 9.43 10.05 S.47 p.

m SCHOFIELD.:.

P. V. JUNCTION CLEAEiCKEZE 3.02 12.51 a.m.

1.50 2 14 2.49 3 22 3 36 3 50 4.12 4.21 h.29 5.07 5.22 5.29 •« 5.48 EAYSVILLE FAEvINGTON.

WOODS OEOSS Arrive SALT LAKE CITY 3.16 3.36 3.52 THISTLE SPANISH FOBS SPEINQVILLE.

BATTLE CEEEK...

AMEEICAN FOEK..

lehi;

DEAPEE BINGHAM JUNC'N..

GEEMANIA Arrive SALT LAEE CITY.

4.1 M 6.57 a.m.

7.12 7.34 7.43 7.51 «« 8-29 8.-H 8.51 8.5) 9.10 Passenger Trains Leave for points North at 5.58 a. m and 9.20 a. m.

Passenger Trains Leave Salt Lake for points south of Springville at 10.20 a.m.

Springville Train Leaves at 4.32 p.m.

I>. C. IHiDGE, Gen'l Manager, F. C. NIM«, Gen'l T'k't Agt., EEHVEE, COL.

HENRY WOOD, Gen'l *upt E. A.MUOGETT, Gen'l Agt. Pass, lieyt.

S^-XjT la.se citt.

iie^ie s-^-n^T pr^^ if 1^ boute.

FrOIIl 12 HOI US SAVED (he Missouri mvervlK. the v(*tlllt*r-..

Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

IDEHNTAnHJIR, &c RIO G-BAITDE ZE&'Y.

Elegant Pullman Sleeping Cars and Day Coaches.

Best Ra Iroad Dining Halls.

P J FLYNN, W.

F. WHITE, Gen. Agt., fcalt Lake Olty.

Gen. Pass. * T'li'tAgt.,Toi>eka, Kan.

S. V. DERRAH, Traveling Agent.

zmsiiissii