vol. IV.

AUGUST, 1883.

*"• u '77/£ 6767^ of God is Intelligence.

THE"Mill butw A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

»

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR AUGUST, 1883.

PAGE.

Jedediah M. Grant.

V "Straight is the Gate. "Moses Thatcher Canterbury Cathedral Sermons and Writings of the Prophets.

XI.

Epistle irom Liberty Jail—II The Home of Childhood Amethyst Summer Day Reverie "V\ hat's in a Name?"H.

W.

Naisbitt The Calling of Moses.

I J.

S.T:

Mental Development jfohn H. Kelson Hyde Park and Apsley House Hannah T. King What is Education?

O. F. Whitney If we could only see Before jfames H.

Wallis Editorial:

The Political Situation Poetry j^ohn Lyon Gulls and Crickets Strikes '.

Answers to Questions CLOTHING, B00TS;

SHOES, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

VOL. I, OF THE ^O m PEICB i£2 50.

"Which has been out of print for several months, will be re-issued before Oct. 1st.

ORDERS NOW TAKEN FOR IT.

PRICE, BOUND, $2.50.

tavdU uvlcn, i fl*) 8A WABIIOUSB, 1 ->#6ENER7IIt MERCHANDISE,*^ 1 Opposite Z.

C. M.

J.

OOTS ^o SHOE 44 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

Greo.

J±. Lowe, SALT LAKE CITY and OGKDEHNr, UTAH, GENERAL AGENT FOE iCHOTTLER mm and FHEIOMT VAGI AND DEALER IN Open Buggies, Top Buggies and Phaetons, Spring Wagons and Road Carts.

A Large Assortment which will be Sold at very low

Prices.

Of all kinds and having the latest Improvements, among which are the following novelties."

The foust iiau, loader, The Champion 3§au, Richer and kaadcr, Ijorse Hat} Forks and Carriers, AND THE CELEBRATED Centrifugal Irrigating- (Pump,

J^ucheye Reapers and Jtfowers,

Sweepstahes and J[dinnescta Chief Threshers, garhed Fence Wire, (Dederick Hay (Presses and Hoisting'Engines,

Steam Eng ines, Saw Jvlills, Flour Jdills, Wood Working fdaohinery of all kinds, j Leffel Turbine Wheels, Knoivles (Pumps.

CALL AND SEE THEM, OR WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS,

WM. JENNINGS, AARON FARK, Superintendent.

_4^ Manager.

•V&WsfrS*'WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

OFFEBS A TOLL LIMB OF General CQei^ghandiseJ WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CITY.

i^-*) f OJJlVJU V>'9 AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

W& Y0OTFS'Tip B6¥g'CIMTOG.

CHAMPION MONITO R,""CHARTER OAK, AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, ETC.

A.. L. WILLI A.MS, AGENT FOR A\ n iWBAIT fALLIY eOAL DELIVERED $6 50 PER TON.

s©&&.

ALL GRADES. LOWEST PRICES.

OFFICE.

.27 MAIN ST., NEXT TO BARRATT BROS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, G^/va 1S37 First South Street,=S^> PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNAS f^^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fill Orders entrusted to our Care promptly (Delivered.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

IV.

AUGUST, 1883.

No.

11.

JEDEDIAH M.

GRANT.

In regard to the judges return and the object of their fiendish report to the government, the following explanation of the causes of their disappointments are given:

"It would be hard to persuade some of our people that these three persons were not in a plot together, to stir up troubles, and bring us to meet such another brunt in Utah, as in Illinois ended in our being driven from our garden homes there.

But I take a more simple view of the case. What men who are not conscience driven, go out to new countries for, I take it, is to seek their fortunes, more or less like the younger sons in the Story books.

Sam. Brannan, formerly of our Church, goes out to San Francisco to make his pile of a million; or Jacky Badboy leaves his poor folks in Vermont, to be returned the

Honorable John Longlegs of Sicklynoy.

Money or Political Honors, one or other, men expect to get; or else they stay at home.

Now, Utah is no place for ease in either of these pursuits.

In the first place, though we have no gold mines among us, they are near enough to give us California prices for what we consume.

In California, the State judges complain at getting, in the District Court, only six thousand five hundred dollars, and in the Supreme

Court, ten thousand dollars a year; the United States give our Judges and Secretary but one thousand eight hundred dollars a year.

No fortunes to be saved out of these; with flour often as high as twelve dollars a barrel; six cent sugar at thirty-seven and a half to forty-five "cent's; and ten cent coffee at forty to fifty cents;

in other words, with freight charges alone from the place of first import of fourteen cents a pound on everything, from a bar of soap to a bar of iron.

And as for politics, it is still worse. We burnt our fingers once with hot politics.

We hate politics—hate them, and thank our fortune most that we have so little call to meddle in them. We have only one delegate to elect, and to that one delegate give but one precept: that he is to leave party questions alone.

Yet our views of our own interests and the merits of our public servants are clear and decided enough.

"Now it is enough everyway for my reasoning, to know that the run-away officers were disappointed and discontented with their prospects.

.So far would I be from accusing them of being men of the mould at all to contrive or carry out a conspiracy of moment, that I should rather say, that being the feeble natures that they were, and not controlled by ruling convictions of honor or duty, they were just the more likely to be influenced by transitory and inconsiderable causes.

To their main disappointment, they were perhaps able to add each his little special cause of discontent.

Brochy, as he avows, only came out to us to be sent back Delegate.

Unhappy Brandy sucked the Julep of May and December;

and boy Harris found his gray mare the better horse.

It is all sober truth that I have printed of Brandy.

We did our best, as I have stated, to bring him acquainted with the dames and ripe damsels that were of the place; but he was ashamed

4-02 JEDEDIAH 31. GRANT.

to make himself much for wholesome or equal company, and liked too much to be alone to benefit himself or them.

So what was heaven's judgment on the untimely gallant but to prick him to make up to the little girl I have mentioned?

Had he only fancied some elderly lady like himself;

after some mutual carriages of love, 'Brandy would have become the

Latin for Goose,'the turtle doves would have soon got under pie crust, and flocks of little carrier pigeons would have flown forth to the United States) bearing no tidings but the praises of Utah and all big and little Mormons, under their happy wings.

Harris, for his part, was affected the opposite.

He had not been long married; and his wife, they said, who was weakly and kept him pretty close, was notiony besides;

so thought she would have a particular call to go to her mother after the winter had set in to interrupt the travel.

But I rather liked the looks of the little fellow, myself, and should be sorry if the Governor offended him.

According to a story, he took the notion the Secretary was his Clerk, and accosted him soon after they met, producing a written paper, and saying, 'I want it copied from here to here,'(showing him) 'and be sure you have it done to bring it to me tomorrow morning early,'which

I think is quite natural for a young man to be chafed at, who was holding office for the first time.

"Though thus, perhaps, quite early discontented, I think they were without original or settled definite purpose.

Their endeavoring to cozen us out of more than the law gave them, I look upon as merely incidental.

But they were afterward led, I apprehend, from step to step and circumstance to circumstance, as weak men generally are. This, of course, gave Brocchus, with his fixed purpose of going home, a great advantage over the two others.

He virtually committed them, the moment he was able to keep them from disavowing his misconduct at the Conference.

What little notions they may have had of selfrespect or official duty being soon after sacrificed, he could have had small difficulty in persuading them finally to join his sort of moonlight flitting for the East.

Once run off, of course they came home to public notoriety.

'Hodge speaks of the fair, By the profit-he had there.'"To justify himself, each made up his story, and each had to support one grown by telling.

Their united fables, in conclave labored into concordance, and done into English by a Washington pen, form the report.

"'From being a beggar among kings, you shall be a king among beggars.'know I am right in rating among the substantial disappointments of the officers, the non-fulfilment of this prophecy in their not finding themselves out to be the great men and Caesars of the village they came out to rule.

"I honestly believe the weakness of these vain fellows was such, that, by dint of turkey-gobblerish bloatings up over the notion of their magnificent titles and appointments, they expected on or before being sworn in, to undergo, as it were, a grand palingenetic change—thought in fact to wake up and see themselves the morning after, Brocchus an orator, B/andebury knowing something about law, and Harris a six footer of stately port and dignified demeanor.

Bad enough to wake up from such a pleasant dream;

but, how much worse to be shaken by the shoulders out of it by that dreadful Brigham Young, a quoter of such thoughts as: 'Why is dust and ashes proud?''An ass is an ass if you call him a lion,''Death only discovers how little the small bodies of men are,'etc., etc.; a man who casts off all kinds of titles as frippery only fit for understrappers, and insists, maybe, upon wearing the plain clothes at the very time he should be waited upon by the splendid liveries. What burdens in our Earthly Servant's Hall, are the born masters of men'

Since the Governor received his appointment, they tell a story, that an English snob having to address a communication to him, superscribed it:

'To his Excellency, Brigham Young, Governor of Utah, Indian Agent for the Territory, and President of the Church of Jesus

"STRAIGHT IS THE GATE.

Christ of Latter-day Saints.''I see,'says Brigham, 'you have given me my titles.''Yes,'says the writer, smoothing himself down satisfied, 'yes, Governor, I think they are all there.''No sir,'says the Governor, 'they are not, you have left out a most important one, the first

I was ever honestly entitled to in my life, and which I have done nothing to be cashiered of since.''You mean the Generalship, Governor; beg pardon, allow me to add it, Sir,'says the snob.

'No, Squire Eglon,'says Brigham;

(he called him this jocosely, because, like Eglon king of Moab, in the Scripture, he was 'a very fat man,') 'no matter now, Squire, but the next time you shall put it in by itself, without the others.

It will read then right sprucely 'For his Excellency, Brigham Young v Painter and Glazier.'"The excuse pays the highest possible tribute it can, in my judgment, when it attempts to authenticate its cock and bull stories, to account for the Governor's extraordinary sway and authority and influence.

It is in history that a clever French woman, named Dancre, was executed for her sorcery in governing the Queen after her own desires.

'By what witchcraft,'said her enemies to her on her way to death, 'by what witchcraft have you obtained such an ascendency?''By that,'answered she, 'that a strong nature will always have over a weak one.'It is so with men;

it is so with the wild horses on the Prairie where one Lord Stallion leads the line; and it is so with the Mormons.

Young, Mr.

Young, Mr.

B.

Young, Elder Young, President Young, or Governor Young, call him what you please, is the one appointed ruler and leader of our people.

The President may call another man governor even, and it won't be different.

It can't be helped.

It is the old story of MacDonald, the Lord of the Isles. Coming in late to the Lord Mayor's dinner, and taking his place at the foot of the board, the Mayor sent him a message to come higher up, and repeated it, saying, 'Come, take a seat near me at the head of the table.'To which McDonald returned answer by the servant, 'Tell your master that where McDonald is, there is the head of the table.''Where the king is, there is the court,'runs the adage.

Where Brigham Young is, there is the head of the table.

And it will be as long as he lives.

And it can't be helped."The first and last thing required of genius is the love of truth.—Goethe.

Make a little fence of trust Around to-day.

Till the space with loving works,

And therein stav.

'STRAIGHT IS THE GATE.""Know this, that every soul is free,

To choose his life and what he'll be;

For this eternal truth is given, That God will force no man to heaven.

He'll call, persuade, direct aright,

Bless him with wisdom, love and light,

In nameless ways be good and kind,

But never force the human mind."

Our heavenly Father, in His economy and perfect plan of human redemption, having given to man free agency—the privilege to receive or reject 'His laws'and ordinances, or to receive a part and reject the balance, I feel very grateful that I have never felt the disposition to wish it otherwise, believing, as I do, that "the glory of God is intelligence,"and that man can not be saved in ignorance.

When the Almighty planted the Garden of Eden and placed Adam and Eve therein, He enunciated the doctrine of human freedom and free agency in placing before them the good and evil.

But they were forbidden to partake of the tree of the knowledge of this good and evil under a law, the breaking oi which should bring death.

But they were left free, after the law and its penalty were expounded, to do as they chose—abide by it and live, or break it

"STRAIGHT IS THE GATE."and die.

Acting upon their free agency, the woman being allured and deceived by the false teachings of Satan, who, no doubt, understood the art of persuasive eloquence—the use of honeyed words, she chose the latter and broke the law.

Adam partook likewise, because, as stated by himself, "the woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree and I did eat."We know in part, not all, the results that followed.

Our father Adam had no notion of being separated from our mother Eve, which would have been the result had he not partaken also.

For God, in justice, could not inflict death upon him by reason of Eve's violation of the law.

We have nothing in Scripture that

I am aware of to induce the belief that Adam was deceived.

Indeed, we have no knowledge that the wily serpent even attempted to win Adam over to his perversion of the law, to his barefaced falsehood wherein he openly contradicted the decree of the Almighty.

I bring no railing accusation against him for what he did.

God commenced there the plan of human redemption pertaining to man's earthly tabernacle.

Satan sought to defeat it and from that day to this the warfare has never ceased.

He has bit the heel of the man, and man has bruised his head.

Did he introduce truth when he preached the sermon that led Eve to break that law of God the penalty of which was death?

Oh yes, for their eyes certainly were opened, and they saw their nakedness, which caused them to shrink and hide from their Maker.

Why, we can have no reasonable doubt, by what we have seen of his works while among the human family, that he would have been willing to have poured a stream of truths as long as the moral law into the listening ear of mother Eve if, in doing so, he could succeed, as he did, in causing her to believe that one fatal untruth by which his object was accomplished.

I need not ask whether the same tactics have been pursued right down to our day!

Nobody understands better than Satan does that the breaker of one of

God's laws becomes guilty of the whole.

He cares not how religious the world may be just so the inhabitants, Pagan or Christian, will permit him to induce them to "transgress the laws, change the ordinances, and break the everlasting covenant,"so that gross darkness covers the minds of the people, and wicked men defile the earth.

There are some hundreds of churches in the world, each claiming to be that of

Christ, yet differing one from another materially in organization, in doctrine and in practice.

It therefore becomes very important to have a correct standard by which to test all these in order to find which one is right if they are not all wrong.

Accepting as an infallible standard the holy Gospel as taught by the Savior and his Apostles, the authority under which they acted, and the fruits which were produced:

Jesus having declared "by their fruits ye shall know them,"we should test all these.

It is a worthy standard, and one by which we shall find it not at all difficult to detect and unmask error, separating the doctrines and creeds of men from those of the true Shepherd, whose sheep follow not the voice of strangers.

Before proceeding further, let us test by this rule one of the popular doctrines of the age, just to show how easy it is to separate the false from the true.

I have heard of modern ministers who were professed followers of Jesus Christ, and believers in the Bible, comparing the Kingdom of God to a beautiful mansion built upon a hill in the midst of a vast plain, and having many roads leading thereto.

Upon these many roads radiating from the common center, travel from different points the various religious Christian sects, numbering man) hundreds, but all wending their way to the mansion on the hill, or Kingdom of

God.

The renowned Brooklyn divine, Mr. Beecher, compares the various denominations to cars running into the city of Philadelphia.'But unfortunately for the believers in such sophistry, Philadelphia is not heaven, and "Christian"churches are not railway cars. But I shall never forget how beautiful, charitable and lovely this doctrine ap-

"STRAIGHT IS THE GATE.

peared to me when I first heard it advanced.

Here, I thought, was rest for the weary, perplexed, troubled mind of the honest, anxious seeker of truth, and the way of life.

The charity in which it seemed to abound appeared to "cover a multitude of sins,"soothe conflicting elements, allay the troubled waters of the religious world, and, at last, span the wide and bloody breach so long existing between the Roman mother church and her Protestant daughters.

But wait a moment.

Jump not hastily to conclusions.

Is this enchanting, captivating doctrine true, Or is it but a snare in which to catch the unsuspecting to the destruction of their hopes of salvation and the ruin of their souls?

Like the voice of God comes the scriptural injunction, "Prove all things;

hold fast to that which'is good.""To the law and the testimony:

if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them."What law?

That of the Gospel.

What testimony?

That of Jesus Christ, sealed and made sacred and binding by virtue of His own blood.

Hear, ye "Christian"perverters of the way of life Hear, ye false teachers whom "the people having itching ears have heaped up unto themselves,"the voice of the Shepherd Listen to the mild but piercing and authoritative words of Him in whom there was found no guile, as they come vibrating over the man-made creeds and deceptive systems by which, for nearly eighteen hundred years, they have "transgressed the law, changed the ordinances and broken the everlasting covenant,"and still declaring, "Straight is the gate (not gates) and narrow is the way (not the many zuays leading to the mansion on the hill) which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it."The perfect plan of redemption being, when obeyed, the power of God unto salvation ought to be regarded by every intelligent human being as "the pearl of great price."And which, being thus valuable, we may not be surprised to find that attempts have been ihade in a world of wickedness to counterfeit it.

But if valuable, authorized coins are sometimes counterfeited:

and if by the means of the issue and circulation of that which is spurious, innocent, unsuspecting persons are deceived and wronged, is that a sufficient reason to induce us to cease trying to acquire those that are genuine and in every way what they purport to be?

Or can we consistently expect the author of the good to indemnify us for the loss sustained by reason of having received the bad?

Under such circumstances do reasonable people continue to receive that which is spurious until they perish in their ignorance?

Or, do they diligently and by every means seek to learn the metal, the marks, engraving, lettering, weight and, above all, the ring which distinguishes the true from the false.

These temporal things men learn without much urging because their immediate and every day interests are at stake.

But shall we, when placed before the judgment bar of the Almighty be able without shame to say that we with equal diligence, using the reasoning, discriminating faculties with which

God has endowed us, sought wijh honest, prayerful hearts to avoid the snares of deception by which "cunning craftiness"has offered as a means of salvation, the miserable, lifeless counterfeit plans of man, which exhibit in their workings no im press of the Divine hand, being but a "form of godliness without the power."Shall we not then remember with sorrow that we were commanded to turn away from all such?

(See 2 Tim iii, 5.) Moses Thatcher.

Keep trouble at arm's length.

Never turn a blessing around to see whether it has a dark side to it.

A bad man is like an earthen vessel easy to break and hard to mend. A good man is like a golden vessel—hard to break and easy to mend.

From the Hindoo.

Sidney Smith said to his Vestry, in reference to a block pavement proposed to be built around St. Paul's:

"All you have to do, gentlemen, is to put your heads together and the thing is done."

CANTERBOR Y CA THEDRAL

CANTERBURY CATHEDRAL.

There is no English shrine—none certainly if we except Westminster Abbey—so interwoven with English national memories as Canterbury Cathedral.

To all thinking and religious men it is a place peculiarly fit to summon up feelings of the highest gratitude.

One is reminded of old times, when, in the goodness and providence of God, the light of Christian religion dispersed the heathen darkness that brooded over that island.

There had existed from a very ancient date an early British church; but in the southern part of the island, at least, the lamp of religion was burning at the lowest when Augustine and his friends landed in Kent.

On the site where the gray cathedral now stands was a primitive church attributed to the ancient British king, Lucius, which was then assigned to Augustine by Ethelbert, king of Kent.

In the invasions by the Danes, the church was injured, and in the troubled times of the Conquest it was completely burnt down.

There then arose a new cathedral, "the most famous,"wrote the old writer Gervase, "that had ever been heard of on the earth since that of the Temple of Solomon."Much of this renowned building was due to the famous architect called "English William,"of whom we are told that he was small in body, but "in workmanship of many kinds acute and honest."

Some centuries elapsed before it assumed its present form, and it bears the impress of the different ages of its construction.

In the appearance of the majestic building, in its history, in the illustrious roll of its prelates, one may recall distinctly each period of English history.

On the one hand we are carried back to the dim ages of the Saxon and Norman times, and on the other hand we are reminded of the wonderful history of our own days by the arms of the six Australian sees, and the memorials of those who fell in the last Indian war.

Once, a massive wall completely encircled the building; for there was a large monastery in connection with it, and the cathedral was, as it were, a fortress within a fortress.

Erasmus tells us that when he visited the nave in his day, he saw sundry books fastened to the pillars.

In the Chapter library there are some ancient manuscripts and Bibles preserved, of great interest and value.

Our readers will remember that there was a time when the Bible was constantly chained up in the churches.

Formerly the nave was filled with stained windows; the great west window is now made up from fragments of all the other windows.

We there see the arms of the Confessor, of Richard the Second, of Anne of Bohemia, and of Isabella of France.

The choir is the longest choir in England—narrow, and narrowing, with a remarkable bend at the eastern end, with low vaulting and antique architecture.

"All this produces a solemnity not unfitting the first great ruling-place of the faith in Saxon England, and carries the mind more completely back into the past than many a cathedral more richly and elaborately decorated."The present reredos is of modern work, imitated from the screenwork of the Lady Chapel in the crypt.

Before the time of the Reformation, the high altar was most sumptuously adorned, and the grated vault beneath was a perfect treasury of gold, silver and gems.

The present coverings were the gift of Queen Mary, the wife of William

III, when she visited the cathedral.

A portion of the pavement of the choir is of especial interest, for it can be identified with the ancient choir called "the glorious choir of Conrad,"from a former prior.

If the visitor stoops down and examines the pavement, he will find a peculiar stone or veined marble of a delicate brown color.

Professor Willis, whose work on Canterbury Cathedral is a great architectural authority, says:

"When parts of it are taken up for repairs or alteration, it is usual to find lead which has run between the joints of the slabs, and spread on each side below,

CANTERBUR Y CA THEDRAL.

and which is with great reason supposed to be the effect of the fire of 11 74, which melted the lead of the roof, and caused it to run down between the pavingstones in this manner."Turning to the transept, the great window, of "remarkably soft and silvery appearance,"was the gift of Edward IV.

In it is the king's likeness, and that of his queen, and also the child Edward V and his brother; who were murdered in the tower.

Among the monuments is one of Archbishop Chicheley, who instigated the great French war of the reign of Henry V, and who testified his "deep remorse for this sin."The extreme east end of the cathedral is called the corona, and its architecture is of wonderful lightness and beauty.

On the north side is the tomb of Cardinal Pole, the last Roman Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury.

He was archbishop during the last two years of the reign of Bloody Mary.

There was a time in his former Italian career when Cardinal Pole belonged to the Oratory of Divine Love, that small and remarkable body of Italian theologians who longed for a reformation and closely approximated to the reformed doctrines.

He was also considered a man of kind and merciful disposition.

He seemed to have sacrificed his convictions and his natural tenderness of heart in those tragic years of the reign of terror in England.

A very different interest attaches to the resting-place of Odo Coligny, Cardinal Castillion.

He fled from France on account of his Huguenot faith, and was kindly received by Queen

Elizabeth, but died at Canterbury, poisoned by an apple given to him by one of his servants.

The crypt is one of the most ancient in the country;

it was dedicated to the Virgin, and formerly had a shrine of unimaginable wealth.

In 1561, Queen Elizabeth gave up the whole of the crypt to the French and Flemish, who, on account of their religion, were refugees from their native home.

In consequence of this, a large number of clothiers and weavers settled themselves here; Archbishop

Parker called them "gentle and profitable strangers."On the roof ot the crypt numerous French inscriptions are still to be traced, and the main body of the crypt used to be filled with their silk looms.

Here they had their own pastors and their own services.

Archbishop Laud intended to interfere with them, but his attention was called off by the growing troubles in church and state.

Though the silk trade has disappeared, the representatives of the refugees still assemble for divine worship in the south side aisle.

Perhaps the most remarkable monument in the cathedral is that of Edward the Black Prince.

To Canterbury he was always greatly attached.

On the occasion of his marriage with the

Fair Maid of Kent, he had founded a chantry in the crypt.

He had desired, too, that his remains might rest in the crypt, and in his will, written a month before his death, he had given directions for his interment and his monument.

This brave and gentle prince, with whom are associated recollections of Crecy and Poictiers, in the prosperous noon of life wasted visibly away, and years before his death men justly thought that he would not outlive his stern father.

Contrary to his directions, he was buried in the Trinity Chapel, probably, as being the more honored spot.

Above, his effigy, which still veritably recalls the.

Plantagenet features, are suspended the brass gauntlets, the leather-lined casque, the wooden shield covered with velvet, on which are displayed the arms of England and France;

and the scabbard, from which Oliver Cromwell is said to have withdrawn the sword.

Around the tomb are the ostrich feathers and the mottoes which he used to employ as his signature: "Houmont"(high spirit); "Ich dien"(I serve).

Immediately opposite is the tomb of Henry IV and his second wife, Joan of Navarre.

This King had ordered in his will that he should be laid "in the church at Canterbury."Having died in the Jerusalem Chamber, his body was brought by water to Faversham, and on the Trinity Sunday after his death was interred here.

A very remarkable inci-

4-oS CANTER J!CRY CA THKDRAL.

dent belongs to this monument. A story was told by the Yorkists to the effect that the body of the great Lancastrian prince had been surreptitiously thrown into the sea, beyond Gravesend, during a storm, and that it was only an empty coffin that had been interred.

Some years ago it was determined to open the tomb, and test the truth of the story.

This was done in 1832, in the presence of the Dean.

"To the astonishment of all present, the face of the deceased king was seen in complete preservation;

the nose elevated; the beard thick and matted, and of a deep russet color; and the jaws perfect, with all the teeth in them, except one foretooth, which had probably been lost during the king's life."It must have been a strange and awful scene suggestive of many solemn thoughts, the disinterring of a buried king, laid in the stately tomb more than four hundred years ago.

But the great event in the history of the cathedral—that which has given it a world-wide renown—is bound up with

Thomas a Becket.

The height of power and greatness to which this churchman attained, the. barbarous circumstances attending his murder, the reverence in which his shrine was held, and which attracted for so many years pilgrims of every rank and grade from all Christendom—all this forms a marvelous chapter in the history of mediaeval times. Every reader of English history remembers the tragic circumstances of that awful event;

how it was a wintry December afternoon, now over seven hundred years ago—the cathedral darkened, save for a few burning lamps—that the knights came to the threshold on their errand of blood; how they followed him through the cloister into the church; and how, as he ascended the eastern flight of steps leading into the choir, one of their number, coming round the central pillar, called out, "Where is the archbishop?"how the knights gathered round him as he stood against the pillar, in rochet, cloak and hood, and finally murdered him there (December 29th, 1170).

It was a bad deed, intensified in its guilt by the place and circumstances.

Next day the body of the archbishop was hastily buried at the east end of the crypt.

Some of the scenery of this sad event is still extant, and pointed out to visitors the actual door by which Becket and the four knights entered, and the pavement on which he fell.

The sequel is a strange chapter in ecclesiastical history—the story of the horror and remorse.

Two years after the murder, King Henry himself came here to do penance for his share in instigating the foul deed.

From the time of his arrival at Southampton he lived on bread and water; when he reached Canterbury he walked barefoot through the city, from St.

Dunstan's to the cathedral.

There he was led into the crypt, and having removed his cloak, he received five strokes from each bishop and abbot present, and three from each of the eighty monks in attendance.

In the crypt he passed the whole of the night in fasting and resting against a pillar.

About fifty years afterward the body of Becket, who had been canonized by the Pope, was removed from the crypt to the shrine which had been prepared.

Two years'notice of the event had been given throughout Europe, and there was such an assemblage on the occasion as had never been known in England.

The shrine rested on marble arches, and when its wooden canopy was removed, it appeared blazing with jewels and gold.

The spot where the shrine used to stand is exactly ascertained by the mosaic of the pavement, and some of the zodiac signs may still be traced on it.

Close by was a watching chamber, in which a monk nightly kept watch over the rich shrine.

The concourse of pilgrims from all parts of Europe was immense.

On the steep flights of steps leading to the shrine are still visible the indentations on the stones made by the pilgrim bands who visited them in successive ages.

Louis VII sent to the shrine the priceless jewel called the "Regale of France,"a diamond "as large as an egg,"having a lightlike flame.

Richard Creur de Lion visited the shrine after his escape from his Austrian dungeon. Edward I offered here the golden crown of conquered

CANTERBURY CATHEDRAL.

Scotland.

Here came Henry V on his return from Agincourt.

Indeed, every English king in succession appears reverentially to have visited the shrine of St. Thomas, as Becket was now called.

Churches were dedicated to him throughout every part of Christendom, from Palestine to Scotland.

Emanuel, the Emperor of the East, and Sigismund, the Emperor of the West, both came here.

In 1520 Henry VIII and the great

Emperor Charles V knelt here together.

"They rode together from Dover,"says

Canon Stanley, in his Memorials of Canterbury, "on the morning of WhitSunday, and entered the city through St.

George's Gate.

Under the same canopy were seen both the youthful sovereigns;

Cardinal Wolsey was directly in front, on the right and left were the proud nobles of Spain and England; the streets were lined with clergy, all in full ecclesiastical costume.

They lighted off their horses at the west door of the cathedral;

Archbishop Warham was there to receive them;

together they said their devotions—doubtless before the shrine."Henry VIII's veneration for Thomas a Becket was by no means of a lasting kind.

The time of the Reformation came, and if the veneration attached to

Becket had been thorough and complete, no less thorough and complete was the reverse that now took place.

An order appeared that he should no longer be called a saint, but "Bishop Becket;"that his images throughout the country should be pulled down, and his name erased out of all books.

His figure is, however, still to be found in some of the magnificent windows of stained glass, "perhaps the finest in Europe,:c~ and for excellence of drawing, harmony of coloring, and purity of design, justly considered unequaled."The offerings on the shrine were declared forfeited to the Crown, the jewels and gold were carried off in two coffers on the shoulders of eight men, and twenty-six casks were filled with the remaining offerings.

On the long roll of the archbishops there is no name more conspicuous than that of Thomas Cranmer, the chief of the band who in the Marian days glorified God in the fires.

The memory of Cranmer has at times been assailed with evil hostility; but even such a writer as Mr.

Froude, in his "History of England,"amply vindicates the fame of this great man, and points out how largely his character is impressed on the prayers of the Church of England, which he translated, arranged or drew up.

He was a man of delicate organization, and though of clear, yet cautious and hesitating, intellect—a temperament that, as a rule, is very rarely found among martyrs;

and if this caused him for a moment to fail and falter, who would now willingly upbraid the shortcomings of that spirit, and would not rather remember the anguish of his repentance, and the emphatic testimony which he sealed with his blood on March 21st, 1556?

What mingled thoughts are those which occur to the mind as we muse over the long list of the leading prelates imperishably associated with Canterbury, from the time that England was England Augustine (597-604) and Mellitus (619-624), more than a thousand years ago;

St.

Dunstan (960-988), and the age of wild superstitions of unearthly art;

Anselm (1093-1114) and Lanfranc (1070-1093) of the Norman days;

Becket (1162—1170), Cranmer (1533—1556), Pole (1556-1559), Parker (1559-1575), Laud (1633-1660), of universal fame; and then Sancroft (16771690), sent with his brethren to the Tower; the learned Tillotson (1691-1695), and.

the gentle, charitable Tenison (1695-1715); and presently Seeker (175S1768), like so many great prelates, the son of an humble tradesman; and so on till the list is closed by Archbishop Archibald Campbell Tait, appointed in 1S6S, the ninety-first occupant of the see since

Aueustine.

If you want knowledge, you must toil for it;

if food, you must toil for it; and if pleasure, you must toil for it.

Pleasure comes through toil, and not by self-indulgence and indolence.

When one gets to love work, his life is a happy one.

4io SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

EPISTLE FROM LIRERTY JAIL—II.

We continue to offer further reflections to Bishop Partridge, and to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, whom we love with a fervent love, and do always bear them in mind in all our prayers to the throne of God.

It still seems to bear heavily on our minds that the Church would do well to secure to themselves the contract of the land which is proposed to them by Mr.

Isaac Galland, and to cultivate the friendly feelings of the gentleman, inasmuch as he shall prove himself to be a man of honor and a friend to humanity.

We really think that his letter breathes that kind of a spirit, if we can judge correctly;

and Isaac Van Allen, Esq., the Attorney-General of Iowa Territory, that peradventure such men may be wrought upon by the providence of God, to do good unto His people; Governor Lucas also. We suggest the idea of praying fervently for all men who manifest any degree of sympathy for the suffering children of God.

We think that peradventure the United States Surveyor of Iowa Territory may be of great benefit to the Church, if it be the will of God to this end, if righteousness should be manifest as the girdle of our loins.

It seems to be deeply impressed upon our minds, that the Saints ought to lay hold of every door that shall seem to be opened unto them, to obtain foothold on the earth, and be making all the preparation that is within the power of possibility for the terrible storms that are now gathering in the heavens, with darkness and gloominess, and thick darkness, as spoken of by the Prophets, which cannot be now of a long time lingering, for there seems to be a whispering that the angels of heaven who have been entrusted with the council of these matters for the last days, have taken counsel together; and among the rest of the general affairs that have to be transacted by their honorable council, they have taken cognizance of the testimony of those who were murdered at Haun's Mills, and also those who were martyred with D.

W.

Patten, and elsewhere, and have passed some decisions peradventure in favor of the Saints, and those who were called to suffer without cause.

These decisions will be made known in their time; and they will take into consideration all those things that offend.

We have a fervent desire that in your General Conferences, everything should be discussed with a great deal of care and propriety, lest you grieve the Holy Spirit, which shall be poured out at all times upon your heads, when you are exercised with those principles of righteousness that are agreeable to the mind of God, and are properly affected one toward another, and are careful by all means to remember those who are in bondage, and in heaviness, and in deep affliction for your sakes.

And if there are any among you who aspire after their own aggrandizement, and seek their own. opulence, while their brethren are groaning in poverty, and are under sore trials and temptations, they cannot be benefited by the intercession of the Holy Spirit, which maketh intercession for us day and night with groanings that cannot be uttered.

We ought at all times to be very careful, that such high-mindedness never have place in our hearts;

but condescend to men of low estate, and with all long suffering bear the infirmities of the weak.

Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen.

And why are they not chosen?

Because their hearts are set so much upon the things of this world, and aspire to the honors of men, that they do not learn this one lesson—that the rights of the Priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principles of righteousness.

That they may be conferred upon us, it is true; but when we undertake to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, or vain ambition,

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

or to exercise control, or dominion, or compulsion, upon the souls of the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themselves;

the Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn, Amen to the Priesthood, or the authority of that man.

Behold! ere he is aware, he is left unto himself, to kick against the pricks; to persecute the Saints, and to fight against God.

We have learned, by sad experience, that it is the nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as they get a little authority, as they suppose, they will immediately begin to exercise unrighteous dominion.

Hence many are called, but few are chosen.

No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the Priesthood, only by persuasion, by long suffering, by gentleness, and meekness, and love unfeigned; by kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without guile, reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy; that he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger than the cords of death; thy bowels also being full of charity towards all men, and to the household of faith, and virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly, then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence of God, and the doctrine of the Priesthood shall distill upon thy soul as the dews from heaven.

The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, and thy sceptre an unchanging sceptre of righteousness and truth, and thy dominion shall be an everlasting dominion, and without compulsory means it shall flow unto thee ferever and ever.

The ends of the earth shall inquire after thy name, and fools shall have thee in derision, and hell shall rage against thee, while the pure in heart, and the wise, and the noble, and the virtuous, shall seek counsel, and authority, and blessings constantly from under thy hand, and thy people shall never be turned.

against thee by the testimony of traitors;

and although their influence shall cast thee into trouble, and into bars and walls, thou shalt be had in honor, and but for a small moment and thy voice shall be more terrible in the midst of thine enemies than the fierce lion, because of thy righteousness; and thy God shall stand by thee forever and ever.

If thou art called to pass through tribulation;

if thou art in perils among false brethren;

if thou art in perils among robbers;

if thou art in perils by land or by sea;

if thou art accused with all manner of false accusations;

if thine enemies fall upon thee;

if they tear thee from the society of thy father and mother and brethren and sisters; and if with a drawn sword thine enemies tear thee from the bosom of thy wife, and of thy offspring, and thine elder son, although but six years of age, shall cling to thy garments and shall say, 'My father, my father, why can't you stay with us?

O, my father, what are the men going to do with you?'And if then he shall be thrust from thee by the sword, and thou be dragged to prison, and thine enemies prowl around thee like wolves for blood of the lamb;

and if thou shouldst be cast into the pit, or into the hands of murderers, and the sentence of death passed upon thee;

if thou be cast into the deep;

if the billowing surge conspire against thee;

if the fierce winds become thine enemy;

if the heavens gather blackness, and all the elements combine to hedge up thy way;

and above all, if the very jaws of hell shall gape open her mouth wide after thee, know thou, my son, that all these things shall give thee experience, and shall be for thy good.

The Son of man hath descended below them all;

art thou greater than he?

Therefore, hold on thy way, and the

Priesthood shall remain with thee, for their bounds are set, they cannot pass.

Thy days are known, and thy years shall not be numbered less;

therefore, fear not what man can do, for God shall be with you forever and ever.

Now, brethren, I would suggest for the consideration of the Conference, of its being carefully and wisely understood

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

by the council or conferences, that our brethren scattered abroad, who understand the spirit of the gathering, that they fall into the places and refuge of safety that God shall open unto them, between Kirtland and Far West.

Those from the east and from the west, and from far countries, let them fall in somewhere between those two boundaries, in the most safe and quiet places they can find; and let this be the present understanding, until God shall open a more effectual door for us for further consideration.

And again, we further suggest for the consideration of the Cotincil, that there be no organization of large bodies upon common stock principles, in property, or of large companies or firms, until the Lord shall signify in a proper manner, as it opens such a dreadful field for the avaricious, and the indolent, and corrupt hearted to prey upon the innocent, and virtuous, and honest.

We have reason to believe that many things were introduced among the Saints before God had signified the times; and notwithstanding the principles and plans may have been good, yet aspiring men, or in other words, men who had not the substance of godliness about them, perhaps undertook to handle edged tools.

Children, you know, are fond - of tools, while they are not yet able to use them.

Time and experience, however, is the only safe remedy against such evils.

There are many teachers, but, perhaps, not many fathers.

There are times coming when God will signify many things which are expedient for the well-being of the Saints;

but the times have not yet come, but will come, as fast as there can be found place and reception for them.

And again, we would suggest for your consideration the propriety of all the Saints gathering up a knowledge of all the facts and suffering and abuses put upon them by the people of this State;

and also of all the property and amount of damages which they have sustained, both of character and of personal injuries, as well as real property; and also the names of all persons that have had a hand in their oppressions;

as far as they can get hold of them and find them out;

and perhaps a committee can be appointed to find out these things, and to take statements, and affidavits, and also to gather up the libellous publications that are afloat, and all that are in the magazines, and in the encyclopedias, and all the libellous histories that are published, and are writing, and by whom, and present the whole concatenation of diabolical rascality, and nefarious and murderous impositions that have been practiced upon this people, that we may not only publish to all the world, but present them to the heads of government, in all their dark and hellish hue, as the last effort which is enjoined on us by our Heavenly Father, before we can fully and completely claim that promise which shall call Him forth from His hiding place, and also that the whole nation may be left without excuse before

He can send forth the power of His mighty arm.

It is an imperious duty that we owe to God, to angels, with whom we shall be brought to stand, and also to ourselves, to our wives and children, who have been made to bow down with grief, sorrow and care, under the most damning hand of murder, tyranny, and oppression supported and urged on and upheld by the influence of that spirit which hath so strongly rivetted the creeds of the fathers, who have inherited lies, upon the hearts of the children, and filled the world with confusion, and has been growing stronger and stronger,and is now the very mainspring of corruption; and the whole earth groans under the weight of its iniquity.

It is an iron yoke, it is a strong band; they are the very handcuffs, and chains, and shackles, and fetters of hell.

Therefore it is an imperative duty that we owe not only to our wives and children, but to the widows and fatherless, whose husbands and fathers have been murdered under its iron hand;

which dark and blackening deeds are enough to make hell itself shudder, and to stand aghast and pale, and the hands of the very devil tremble and palsy.

And al-

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

so it is an imperative duty that we owe to all the rising generation,and to all the pure in heart,of which there are many yet on the earth among all sects, parties and denominations who are blinded by the subtle craftiness of men, whereby they lie in wait to deceive, and only kept from the truth because they know not where to find it;

therefore, that we should waste and wear out our lives in bringing to light all the hidden things of darkness wherein we know them;

and they are truly manifest from heaven.

These should then be attended to with great earnestness.

Let no man count them as small things;

for there is much which lieth in futurity, pertaining to the

Saints, which depends upon these things.

You know, brethren, that a very large ship is benefited very much by a very small helm in the time of a storm, by being kept workways with the wind and the waves.

Therefore, dearly beloved brethren, let us cheerfully do all things that lieth in our power, and then may we stand still with the utmost assurance, to see the salvation of God, and for His arm to be revealed.

And again, I would further suggest the impropriety of the organization of bands, or companies, by covenant or oaths, by penalties or secrecies; but letthetimepast of our experience and sufferings by the wickedness of Doctor Avard suffice, and let our covenant be that of the Everlasting Covenant, as is contained in the holy writ, and the things that God hath revealed unto us.

Pure friendship always becomes weakened the very moment you undertake to make it stronger by penal oaths and secrecy.

Your humble servant or servants, intend henceforth to disapprobate everything that is not in accordance with the fulness of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and is not of a bold, and frank and upright nature.

They will not hold their peace as in times past, when they see iniquity beginning to rear its head, for fear of traitors, or the consequences that shall follow by reproving those who creep in unawares that they may get something to destroy the flock.

We believe that the experience of the Saints in times past has been sufficient, that they will henceforth be always ready to obey the truth without having men's persons in admiration because of advantage.

It is expedient that we should be aware of such things; and we ought always to be aware of those prejudices which sometimes so strangely present themselves, and are so congenial to human nature, against our friends, neighbors, and brethren of the world, who choose to differ with us in opinion and in matters of faith.

Our religion is between us and our God.

Their religion is between them and their God.

There is a tie from God that should be exercised towards those of our faith,, who walk uprightly, which is peculiar to itself, but it is without prejudice, but gives scope to the mind, which enables us to conduct ourselves with greater liberality towards all others that are not of our faith, than what they exercise towards one another.

These principles approximate nearer to the mind of God, because it is like God, or God-like.

Here is a principle, also, which we are bound to be exercised with, that is, in common with all men, such as governments, and laws, and regulations in the civil concerns of life.

This principle guarantees to all parties, sects, and denominations and classes of religion, equal, coherent, and indefeasible rights;

they are things that pertain to this life;

therefore all are alike interested:

they make our responsibilities one towards another in matters of corruptible things, while the former principles do not destroy the latter, but bind us stronger, and make our responsibilities not only one to another, but unto God also.

Hence we say, that the Constitution of the United States is a glorious standard;

it is founded in the wisdom of God;

it is a heavenly banner;

it is to all those who are privileged with the sweets of its liberty, like the cooling shades and refreshing waters of a great rock in a thirsty and weary land it is like a great tree under whose branches men from every clime can be shielded from the burning rays of an inclement sun.

4i6 THE HOME OF CHILDHOOD.

zens, and an honor to their country and their God, then let them see to it that the home of childhood is neat, cheerful, beautiful, and orderly as possible.

Let no contention or quarreling be countenanced, and the regulations of the home life be such as will conduce to the wellbeing of all the inmates.

Industry is one essential principle.

Each child should do some regular work daily, and all be so carefully arranged that no one need feel his burden heavier than it should be.

Labor is not degrading, but elevating, if it is well done; the silly idea that domestic occupations are menial should be discarded, among us as a people certainly.

To be able to do all that is necessary in the way of housekeeping, not omitting any detail, from the cellar to the garret, is almost indispensable in the education of one who expects to be a wife and a mother.

These are the women whose homes are desirable places of restfulness.

The new-fangled notion of boarding is an egregious error;

if we would have our children grow up under proper influences.

In these respects Utah is pursuing the proper methods.

I am aware it is said that "in Utah there are no homes,"but in the face of all that has been said or written on the subject, I am bold to assert that the Territory of Utah abounds in happy homes.

Homes where prayer and praise ascend, homes where peace and content pervade the atmosphere;

homes where all that is purest and best is taught, and principles of right instilled and engrafted into the hearts of the little ones so firmly that nothing can ever erase wholly from the soul.

Traverse, this Territory over from north to south, from east to west, and see the happy homes.

Humble and lowly they may be, but, morning and evening, the hymn of gratitude and prayer of thanksgiving to God is offered up.

Listen to the daily teachings;

they are such as will tend to elevate human character, and to make genuine men and women, true to themselves, to their own convictions, to the

Constitution of the LTnited States, and the principles of liberty that are dearer to the heart of an American than anything else on earth.

What is life without freedom?

It is out of such homes a race of men and women will grow up that America will yet be proud to claim.

And again we may say the home of one's childhood is where the first seeds of good or evil are sown that eventually bring forth fruit, sweet or bitter, as the case may be.

O how grandly essential, then, that these homes, these nurseries of the human soul, should be of that character that will give healthy tone to the living elements embodied in the "soul, and impress them with the genius of nobility, honor, and true heroism Our young mothers should take into consideration everything that will tend to refine and ennoble the generations yet unborn.

Beautify and adorn the home outside and inside, but first of all get a permanent home.

Ancestral halls are famed in history.

Why may this generation not plant them.

Our people are the "old settlers."They made the country what it is, planted the trees and embellished the places with shrubbery, vines and flowers.

They are building Temples, and structures that will remain for generations to come.

Then why not beautiful homes'?

Homes that the children of to-day can look back upon with as much love, as great pride and enthusiasm, and as much attachment to, as do any of the people in older countries who cherish the tender sentiment of "home, sweet home."The way in which this city was laid out is a self evident fact that Brigham Young's idea of homes for the people was the correct one.

Each lot had sufficient room for a little garden, where trees, and flowers, and shrubbery might be cultivated as well as vegetables for table use.

I well remember how much more homelike the city looked while the gardens remained.

But though all may not have gardens, the home may be made attractive in various other ways.

A few pictures, a little pains taken to make the furniture look bright and new, and above everything else rooms kept neat and tidy.

Plenty of sunshine and fresh

SUMMER-DA V RE\ ERIE.

air make the house wholesome and the inmates better natured.

Let the children enjoy the parlor as well as the grown people.

Never shut the children out from -any place because it is too good for them;

they will be more refined and cultured if they are taught how to handle things that are valuable and pretty, than if they are always denied the pleasure.

Childhood's hours pass quickly enough, and the cares and perplexities of life bring about many changes in one's feelings and circumstances, therefore it seems wise and prudent to fortify our children by a generous supply of good nature and help them to cultivate all the higher and holier attributes of the mind.

"Gather the rosebuds while ye may,

Old time is still a-flying, And that same flower that blooms to-day,

To-morrow shall be dying."Amethyst.

Sydney Smith on Enjoyment.—

Mankind are always happier for having been happy—so that if you make them happy now, you make them happy twenty years hence by the memory of it.

A childhood passed With a due mixture of rational indulgence, under fond and wise parents, diffuses over the whole life a feeling of calm pleasure, and in extreme old age is the very last remembrance which time can erase from the mind of man.

No enjoyment, however inconsiderable, is confined to the present moment.

A man is happier for life from having made an agreeable tour, or lived for any length of time with pleasant people, or enjoyed any considerable interval of innocent pleasure, which contributes to render old men so inattentive to the scenes before them, and carries them back to a world that is past and scenes never to be renewed again.

Do thou thy work;

it shall succeed In thine or in another's day, And if denied the victor's meed, Thou shalt not miss the toiler's pay.

J [ 'hitticr.

The glory of virtue consists in action.

If you wish success in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.

Prayer draws all the Christian graces into its focus.

It draws Charity, with her lovely train;

Repentance, with her holp sorrow;

Faith, with her elevated eyes;

Hope, with her grasped anchor;

Beneficence, with her open hands; Zeal, looking far and wide to bless; and Humility, looking meekly at home.

Hannah More.

SUMMER-DAY REVERIE.

The blooming flowers and fragrance sweet,

Forth to the woods beguile our feet,

With unresisted spell;

Fond memories lure us to the spot

Where grows the blue forget-me-not,

The flower we love so well.

Unmarked the moments as they flow;

When seen in light of long ago,

How precious in our eyes!

Our yesterdays, too fair to last,

To-day, when numbered with the past,

Surpassing bright shall rise.

Why should we thus regretful sigh"

For sunny pleasures long gone by,

And present joys forget?

To-day, for us the sunbeams fall,

And blooming flowers our hearts enthrall,

In dewy fragrance set.

For us to-dav, in golden store, Nature and art their treasures pour,

And love-sweet offerings;

Ah! whisper not of Time's decay;

Though all of earth must pass away, Faith lifts her drooping wings.

Not in the sunny past our rest,

Nor present joys shall end our quest

For full and perfect bliss;

Revealed a'one to Faith's glad sight

Where time nor change our hopes can blight, A fairer world than this!

-MS WHATS IN A NAME?"WHAT'S IN A NAME?"The giving of names to persons, things and places is a divine science, and like everything which is divine, it reaches further and plunges deeper than any plan or device which originates mainly with man.

Divine nomenclature is expressive and significant;

it is suggestive and prophetic;

it always means something, if our ideas upon this topic are grounded upon the study of Holy

Writ.

It is probable that this is a positive feature of primitive or pure language—a living language—which would create and recreate to meet new conditions, and so increase words representing ideas, until the wealth of expression would always be commensurate with, and adequate to, all the demands of individual combinations of existence.

But to man this is among the lost arts.

The advance of modern science, while it enlarges the vocabulary, seems only to have power to appropriate from other tongues instead of being the outpush of inspirational energy, giving originality in such a guise that all might see and realize the infinitude of combination based upon the very nature and foundation of things. Modern progress gathers from the Greek such words as telegraph, terminus, etc., and Botany moves its classification of species and families through the Latin, which is not spoken as a national tongue anywhere on earth.

These are not so wise in their generation as the American Indians, who seem to have had, and to yet possess, the faculty of expression in such fulness and richness that even national admiration embalms in her lakes and rivers, in her mountains and States (forgetting in the interval the meaning), the everywhere suggestive and beautiful phraseology of a perishing race.

What can be more apt or musical than the liquid "Minnehaha"or "laughing water,"as it means? What more solacing to the expatriated red man when driven before the pale face than the peaceful benediction of "Alabama,"or "here we rest"?

What more enduring and voicefully satisfying than the Indian names crystallized into verse beneath the pen of the gifted Sigourney, such as Niagara, the Rappahannock, the Mississippi, the Missouri, the Ontario, or the Timpanogos of local (Utah) fame?

How much could modern culture improve upon such names as Connecticut,

Massachusetts, Kentucky or Ohio?

Are not the Alleghanies and the Wasatch, and is not Wachusett and Manadnock glorified by the sonorous and stately, and yet expressive recognition of the native—the unadulterated Indian thought?

Surely also every reader is familiar with the wonderful fertility and opposite character of the names ot Indians themselves from "Tecumseh to

Ouray;"some of course are rude and barbarous "to ears polite,"but there is "stick"to them, and they exhibit greater breadth, and invention vastly more prolific than do our Scandinavian friends, who only add "son"or "sen,"and so produce, upon the family tree, nuts which no student of descent will ever be able to crack, and questions of genealogy which can never be deciphered, save by revelation, worlds without end.

Shakspeare offered the question, "What's in a name?"and seemed to satisfy himself with the reply, "A rose by any other name would smell as sweet;"and this illustration of superficiality is almost unique in the marvelous general philosophy of the "Divine William,"as he has been called;

for in the subtleness of language the word "rose"signified "a sweet flower."There is beauty and perfume fundamental in the etymological title which could hardly be met by any other word, "Shakspeare to the contrary notwithstanding."

This is of course a subject which in its roots and branches involves all language and all ages, consequently no brief magazine article can begin to do justice even in a remote degree.

This is simply to open the gates or to enter the vestibule, leaving the student and the curious to enter the inner sanctuary; then it will be demonstrated that there is more in heaven

"WHA T'S IN A NAME?"and earth than is dreamt of in our everyday philosophy.

Modern custom has superadded to the surname, or family name, what is known as the Christian name, probably so known from the practice of the first Christians who on baptizing believers often gave an additional name;

something similar to this hobby is practiced by the Catholic Church now, which at the baptism of children or adults confers another name; and then, on the acceptance of religious "vows,"supersedes even the baptismal name by that of a special patron or other saint.

But if we are to believe some philosophers the key of true naming is certainly lost, for those mentioned (and modern custom included) make no pretense to indicate quality or character, or peculiarity or prophecy, as the ancient method certainly did; the Lord in giving the first pair a name and calling them "Adam,"which means "earthy red"or "red earth,"certainly gave the index to the sight;

and when he called "Eve"it was said "because she was the mother of all living,"and woman was she called, because "she was taken out of man."When the animal and other creations were brought to Adam with the requirement that he name them, it is surely plausible that he gave such names fittingly harmonious and setting forth characteristics, qualities or attributes, so that in teaching these names to his posterity, the unities of speech would be naturally preserved.

The lion in the primitive tongue might not have been called "a lion,"and so on; and the names now given are probably not indicative, but owe their force and value to use and simple association of ideas.

That this was the spirit and intent of the first syllabic utterances seems clear;

and that original force no doubt survived the confusion of tongues, as the remains of that propriety of expression are found in existence in all languages;

with which man may be only superficially acquainted from the earliest record of human history, as found in the Bible, to the last tribe of Indians who consecrated a brave, there are traces of this analogy of practice, as though some crowding instinct, or some comparatively dormant principle would now and again unveil itself to observation;

foreshadowing as it were the time when all things shall be "restored as in the beginning!"

It may not be possible in all instances to predicate from a name that which is in harmony with personal ideas in philosophy or religion, else in the name of our great ancestor Adam, might be found the solution of the ethnological enquiry as to the original condition and color of our race.

Some have asserted that the African was the original type of man, and he of course by the process of evolution from the anthropoid species, and that the ages have developed into that beauty and harmony of form and feature as seen in the best specimen of the cultured aristocracy of

Great Britain; others have thought that the modern type of primeval man is to be found among the tribes of the Caucasus, and that the races of Negro and Indian type are the "degenerate sons of sires.""Mormons"incline to the latter ideas, but the signification of the word "Adam"in the Hebrew being "earthly red"considering that the tabernacle is made of clay opens a question which to say the least is interesting.

Names have in many case^ in sacred writ been given as a foreshadowing of the destiny of the individual so named, as that of Elijah signifying "the restorer."Here the spirit of prophecy in the very name pointed out the calling of the person named even from his mother's knee;

and it is not improbable that names are given unconsciously at times, and yet reflect or are literal prognostications of either character or future or both, and this might be rendered more apparent if it were fairly comprehended that there is an original definition for very many if not most of the names in common use.

Some within the knowledge of the writer, have been given in dreams and impressions, that could not be found after diligent search in any accessible book!

Then there were those named from some special feature of their history or circumstance of their lives hence

THE CALLING OF MOSES.

we have the name of "Moses,"created no doubt for his special use, if no other idea was involved, it signifies "drawn out,"for the propriety of which study his history, drawn out from the Nile, drawn out from Egypt and drawn out from the midst of Israel and buried of

God and angels, so that it was said "none knew of his sepulchre even unto this day."Then again there is the name of "Jacob,"if this was his original name it was a prophecy, if a given name, after he lost his birthright it served to mark this for a time eventful period of his career, it signifies, "supplanted,"but from this name he was divorced when he wrestled with the angel, and unto him was given the cognomen of "Israel,""a prince with

God,"for as it reads, "as a prince thou hast power with God and hast prevailed,"this was his covenant name and in this connection we discover in the covenants of the Saints a renewal of the principles here protrayed; the giving a new name, may be different from the one held or it may be the same, in either case it will establish the idea that there are principles pertaining to the Priesthood with which there is as yet but a limited experience, but this will become enlarged in time by the spirit of revelation, whose keys unlock the past, explains the present and illuminates the future;

there is a prospect for some to have even yet another name, for is it not written, "unto him that overcometh will I give a white stnne, and on the stone a new name written, which none shall know save him that receiveth it?"and these several names may stand as mementoes of individual eras of progression in knowledge- or position;

that common names have had their roots in every land, that the most Godlike as well as the most heathen, that not the civilized world alone, but the so called savage;

that not in the Holy land, the land of verdure and of bloom, but where the fierceness of northern winter, and where mountains glistening with eternal snows are the barriers of man's habitations; whereever the foot of man hath trod, in Europe,

Asia, Africa and America, with the Hebrew, the Greek, the Latin, the Spanish, the Italian, the French, the German, the

Saxon and Norman, in all nations and ages can be found relics of the practices of a long lost Priesthood, that fountain that stream of intelligence and power!

H.

IV. Naisbitt.

A cheerful face is nearly as healthful as good weather.

THE CALLING OF MOSES.

The founding of the Jewish state through Moses, is one of the most memorable events in history, important on account of the strength of understanding, through which it was arranged;

weightier still from its consequent effects upon the world which have continued to the present day.

Two religions, which rule the greatest part of the inhabited world, Christendom and Islamism, both rest upon the Hebrews, without whom there would be neither Christendom nor a Koran.

It cannot be denied that it is the Mosaic religion that has given us the true light which we now enjoy.

And it was that through which a valuable truth was found, which reason unaided could only have unraveled through a long and laborious search;

the doctrine of one God, first spread among die people and sustained by blind faith, until some brighter intellect could ripen it into a reasonable conclusion.

By this a great part of the human race was saved from the many errors and illusions, that ultimately must lead to idolatry, and the Hebrew constitution had the exclusive preference that the religion of the wise men did not stand in direct opposition to that of the common people, as was the case among the enlightened heathens.

Viewed from this point the

THE CALLING OF MOSES.

Hebrew nation presents itself as an important people in universal history, and all the evils usually ascribed to them, all the ingenious slander heaped upon them do not prevent us from doing them justice.

The indignity and baseness of the nation cannot blot out the true merit of its lawgiver, and no more can it destroy the influence that this nation justly asserts in the history of the world. We must consider them as an unclean vessel in which something costly has been kept;

in them we must honor the channel, however unclean it might be, because providence chose it to bring us the most precious of all things—the truth—although it was destroyed as soon as it had accomplished its purpose.

Thus we are just as far from urging upon the Hebrew people a merit which they never possessed as to deny them an advantage, which can never be denied them.

The Hebrews, as we know, came as a single nomadic family, counting not over seventy souls, to Egypt, where they first became a people.

During a period of about four hundred years, while they lived in this country, they increased to two millions, among whom were counted six hundred thousand men fit for battle, when they left this kingdom.

All this time they lived separated from the Egyptians, separated as well on account of their own special locality which they occupied, as by their nomadic character, which made them abominable in the sight of all the natives of the country and excluded them from all rights and privileges as citizens among the Egyptians.

They continually governed themselves in a nomadic manner, the family by the father, the tribes by their chiefs, thus constituting a state within the state, that finally through its enormous growth awakened the anxiety of the kings.

Such an isolated mass of people in the heart of the kingdom, idle through their nomadic mode of life, and being united among themselves, but having no interest whatever in common with the state, could not but be dangerous in time of war; being idle observers of the weakness of the state, they could easily have been tempted to take advantage of such an opportunity for an attack.

It was therefore policy to watch them very carefully, to employ them and to find means for their decrease.

They were consequently oppressed with heavy labor, and, as this suggested, to make them useful to the state, thus economy and policy united in increasing their burdens.

They were inhumanly forced to work in socage under overseers, who drove and illtreated them in the most brutal manner.

This barbarous treatment, however, did not prevent them from multiplying rapidly.

It would have been a sound policy to allow them to mingle with the other inhabitants and to enjoy the same rights and privileges, but this could not be, on account of the general disgust with which they were looked upon by the Egyptians.

This disgust increased as a natural consequence of itself.

As the Egyptian king gave to the family of Jacob the province named Goshen (on the east side of the lower Nile) as a place to live in, he had hardly counted upon a posterity of two millions who should once live within its narrow confines;

and the gift was certainly a liberal one, even if we do not consider more than a hundredth part of this numerous posterity.

Inasmuch as the locality of the Hebrews did not expand in proportion to the increase of the population, they had by every generation necessarily to live closer and closer together, until they finally became crowded in a manner most inimical to health and a sound living.

What could be more natural than that consequences followed entirely unavoidable in such cases? The highest degree of uncleanliness and dangerous diseases.

Here, then, was the foundation laid of the evil peculiar among this people even down to our present time; but at that time it must have made dreadful havoc among them.

The most fearful plague of this climate, leprosy, broke out among them and was perpetuated through many generations.

The source of life and procreation were, through this dreadful scourge, slowly and gradually poisoned, and from a

THE CALLING OF MOSES.

casual evil was developed an»inhereditary tainted constitution.

How general this evil was is clearly shown by the many precautions adopted by the lawgiver to prevent the same;

and the united testimony of the Egyptian profane writers, Manetho, Diodor from Sicily, Tacitus, Lysimachus, Strabo, and many others, who do not know anything about the Jewish nation, except this sickness, leprosy, show how general and deep the impression of this was among the Egyptians.

This leprosy then, a natural consequence of their crowded habitation, their unwholesome and scanty food, and the abuse and illtreatment to which they were subjected, greatly intensified their national calamity.

Those who were at first despised as herders and avoided as strangers were now, as infected, shunned and detested.

To the dread and repugnance, by which they, hitherto had been looked upon by the Egyptians, were now added, to a great extent, a repulsive disclaim and disgust.

Human beings who had in such high degree incurred the wrath of the gods could be abused at pleasure, and they were consequently, without consideration, robbed of the most sacred human rights.

No wonder that their barbarous treatment increased in proportion as the consequences of such illusage became more apparent, and that they were more and more severely punished for a misery into which they had been drawn by others, and from which they could not in any way or manner extricate themselves.

Through a perverted policy, the Egyptians did not know any better how to correct a wrong, which they themselves had occasioned, than by applying a remedy, making the evil worse than before.

Now as they did not succeed, in spite of all their abuse and oppression to destroy the source of the increasing population, they adopted a mode as inhuman as it was beastly, through the midwives, to murder every new born male child.

But thanks to the better nature of man, despots are seldom obeyed when they command such horrible deeds.

The midwives in Egypt knew how to thwart this inhuman mandate, and the government could not carry out its murderous purposes without resorting to forcible means.

Appointed murderers went through the Hebrew habitations by royal command, and slew in the cradle every male child.

In this manner the Egyptian government could certainly accomplish its plan most effectively, and, as no deliverer appeared, the Jews saw plainly their own inevitable destruction in a few generations.

But from among whom should the Hebrews find such a deliverer? Certainly not among the Egyptians themselves, as how could one of them take any interest in a people who were absolute strangers to them, whose language he did not even understand, which he had no interest whatever in learning; a people who must have appeared to him both incapable and unworthy of a better fate?

And much less from among themselves, as what has the inhuman treatment of the Egyptians, during a century or more, made out of the Hebrews at last?

The most degraded, mean and illnatured people in the world, having grown wild and savage by being neglected and demoralized in the course of three hundred years; intimidated and embittered through such an endless thraldom;

from an inherited infamy, benumbed to all self-respect, incapable of courage and heroic determination, and in ignorance, finally, driven about like beasts.

How could an independent man thoroughly informed, a hero or statesman, be found among such a hopelessly forlorn race?

Where could a man be found among them that could make such a slavish rabble conscious of any degree of relf-respect or susceptible of higher sentiments, and to convince those ignorant shepherds of superiority over their refined oppressors?

A resolute and determined spirit could no more be found among the Hebrews than among the wretched Parias with the Hindoos.

Here the mighty hand of Providence, that by the simplest means can solve the most complicated intrigues, calls

THE CALLING OF MOSES.

forth our greatest admiration—not that

Providence which forcibly breaks in upon the economy of nature, but the one that has supplied nature with such economy, by which the most extraordinary things can be accomplished in a quiet and easy manner.

A native Egyptian did not possess the required qualifications to become a fit deliverer of the Hebrews.

What means, then, was destined for the consummation of this grand purpose?

A Hebrew, who in his infancy was taken away from this barbarous people, and enjoyed the privileges of a liberal education among the

Egyptians, in whose wisdom he became initiated, and in this manner became a Hebrew educated as an Egyptian, the means by which his nation was delivered from slavery.

A Hebrew mother of the Levites had her newborn son, during three months, concealed from the murderers, who destroyed every male child;

finally she gave up the hope of keeping him secure any longer.

Necessity suggested an artifice by which she hoped to save him.

She placed her babe in a box made of papyrus, which she made watertight by pitch, and awaited the time when Pharaoh's daughter used to come to the river to bathe.

Immediately before this the sister of the child put the box, in which it was placed, among the rushes at that point where the princess usually passed, and where it undoubtedly would catch her eye.

She remained in the neighborhood to observe the fate of the child:

Pharaoh's daughter noticed it quickly, and as she took a fancy to the boy, she concluded to save him.

His sister took courage to approach, and offered to fetch a Hebrew wetnurse, which the princess permitted her to do.

Thus was the son restored to his mother, who now, without danger, could raise him publicly.

In this manner he learned the language of his people, and became familiar with their habits, while his mother, no doubt, did all in her power to impress upon his tender soul in a touching manner the hopeless misery of her people.

Arrived at the age when he no longer required the care of his mother, and when it was necessary to withdraw him from the inevitable destiny of his people, she brought him back to the princess and left with her the future fate of the boy.

Pharaoh's daughter adopted him and called him Moses, because he was saved from out of the water. He was thus, out of a child of a slave and a victim of death, made a son of a princess, and as such enjoyed all the privileges in common with the children of the king.

The priests, to whose order he belonged at the same time he was received into the royal family, undertook his education, and initiated him in all the Egyptian wisdom, which was the special possession of their order.

Nay, it is evident that they did not keep from him any of their secrets, as in a passage by the Egyptian historical writer, Manetho, in which he represents Moses as an apostate of the Egyptian religion and as a priest who fled from Heliopolis, makes us surmise that he had been ordained for this profession.

To determine what Moses could have learned in this school, and what influence the education, which he received under the Egyptian priests, might have had upon his subsequent legislation, we must more closely inquire into this institution; and as to what was taught and performed therein, we must learn from old writers.

Already the Apostle Stephanus represents him as learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians.

The historian Philo says that Moses was, by the

Egyptian priests, initiated in the symbolical

Philosophy and Hieroglyphics;

as also in the secrets of the sacred animals.

This testimony is corroborated by several, and when we notice what was called

Egyptian Mysteries, we will find a remarkable similarity between these, mysteries and that which Moses subsequently ordered and instituted.

The worship of God among the oldest people soon degenerated into idolatry and superstitions, and even among those generations who are called in scripture true worshipers of God, the idea of a higher being was neither pure nor noble, and founded upon nothing more than a clear and rational comprehension.

But as soon as, through a proper and more

4 24 THE CALLING OF MOSES.

favorable arrangement of society, and through founding a regular state, the various ranks separated and the care of the worship of God transferred to a special and separate class;

as soon as the human soul, liberated from diverting cares, commenced a quiet contemplation of itself, and investigation into the physical economy of nature, reason finally triumphed over the great errors and deception, and the conception of a highest being was corrected and purified.

The idea of a general relation of things must unavoidably lead to a conception of a highest intelligence, and where could this idea have germinated except in the head of a priest?

Inasmuch as Egypt was the first cultivated state, as history intimates, and the oldest hieroglyphics originally date from Egypt, it was undoubtedly here that the unity of a highest being first originated in an uninspired human brain.

The happy discoverer of this ennobling idea, endeavored, among those who surrounded him, to find apt subjects to whom he confided it as a sacred treasure, and thus it was transferred from one thinker to another, and who knows how many generations passed before it reached an entire limited society capable of maintaining and developing it.

Now that a certain degree of knowledge and cultivation of the mind was required, properly to comprehend and apply the idea of only one God, and as the belief in the unity of the Deity inevitably carried along with it contempt for idolatry, which was the governing religion, it can easily be imagined that it would have been unwise and even dangerous to attempt a general introduction of this idea.

Without first to overthrow the gods of the state and expose them, in their nakedness, to the general ridicule, there was no prospect of any progress of this new doctrine.

It was also impossible either to foresee or hope that those, to whom these superstitions had been ridiculed, were capable of reaching the pure, true and more difficult idea, and to comprehend its true meaning.

Besides this, the entire constitution of the state was founded upon these superstitions; were these overthrown then all the pillars supporting the whole national structure must fall, and it was yet uncertain if the new religion introduced in its stead, was sufficiently solid to support this structure.

If, on the other hand, this undertaking should fail of overthrowing the gods, then there was the blind fanaticism, armed and ready, to sacrifice its numerous victims.

It was therefore found more prudent to make this new and dangerous truth the exclusive possession of a small and secret society, to select those who possessed a sufficient degree of comprehension to admit them into the secret league and to envelope the truth itself, in order to conceal it from the vulgar eyes, in a mysterious veil, which no one could remove except those who had been properly initiated.

For this purpose were the hieroglyphics, a system of writing with symbolical figures, conveying in various combinations certain conceptions in accordance with rules that had previously been agreed upon.

It was a fact easily understood by these enlightened men from the divine service, how powerful is the influence of imagination upon the youthful mind, and they did not hesitate to make use of this subterfuge for the benefit of truth and the advancement of knowledge.

They introduced the new ideas with a solemnity and all sorts of arrangements suitable for this purpose, filling the souls of their young pupils with ecstatic emotions, thus making them more susceptible for this extraordinary doctrine. Among these ceremonies were purifications which the candidates for initiation must observe, the washing and sprinkling, being wrapped in white linen, to abstain from all material enjoyments, to heighten and intensify their susceptibilities and imagination by song, a significant silence, an alternate change of light and darkness, etc.

These ceremonies, in connection with mysterious objects, hieroglyphics and the secret truths that were concealed in those hieroglyphics, and prepared through these customs, were together named and included in these secret Mys-

THE CALLING OF MOSES.

teries.

They had their headquarters in the temples of Isis and Serapis, and were the emblem after which, as a sequel of the mysteries, in Eleusis and Samothracian, and, in later time, have been instituted the order of Freemasonry.

It appears without doubt that the contents of the very oldest mysteries in Heliopolis and Memphis, during their purity, were the unity of God and the contradiction of Paganism, and that therein were also set forth the immortality of the soul.

Those who participated in these important disclosures called themselves seers, while to receive and acknowledge truths heretofore unknown may be compared to emerging from darkness into light; perhaps also therefore that they viewed the newly acknowledged truths in emblematical signs.

They could not all at once reach this intuitive power, while the soul emancipated from many errors must first pass through many preparations before it could bear the full light of truth.

There were, therefore, certain steps or degrees, and first in the innermost part of the sanctuary was the veil fully removed from their eyes.

The members of the new Order acknowledged one only great cause of all things, a primeval power in nature, an all-superior being, which was different to the primitive demigods of the Greek seers.

Nothing could be more exalted than the simple greatness with which they spoke of the Creator.

In order to designate him in a definite manner, they gave him no name whatever.

A name, they said, is a necessity as a discrimination.

Whoever is alone needs no name, as there is no one with whom he can be confounded.

On a statue of Isis was engraved: "I am that which is,"and upon a pyramid at Sais was found the remarkable ancient inscription:

"I am all that which is, has been and will be; no mortal man has ever removed my veil."No one dared to enter the temple of Serapis who did not have inscribed upon the breast or on the forehead the name Jao or J-ha-ho, a name which was consonant with the Hebrew Jehovah, and which no doubt is of the same meaning;

and no name was spoken by the Egyptians with more reverence than the name

Jao.

In the hymns, which the hierophant or principal director of the sanctuary sung with the initiated, was this given in the first disclosure of the nature and character of the

Divine Being:

"He is the only one and for himself, and to this only one are all things indebted for their existence."As a preliminary ceremony necessary at every initiation was the circumcision, to which even Pythagoras was obliged to submit at his admission into the Egyptian

Mysteries.

This distinction ffom others who were not circumcised should designate a closer intimacy, brotherly union and a closer relation to God, for which purpose Moses also applied it among the Hebrews.

In the holiest of the sanctuary they placed before the new members various sacred vessels and utensils expressive of mystery.

Among these was a chest called the coffin of Serapis, which, according to its origin, was no doubt intended as a symbol of hidden wisdom;

but later on served as an institution for the mysterious conduct of the priests.

To carry this chest around was the special privilege of the priests, or a certain class of servants belonging to the sanctuary, for which reason they were called

Chistophores.

No one but the hierophants were permitted to uncover or even touch this chest.

-It was said of one who had the impudence to uncover it that he became a lunatic.

Among the Egyptian Mysteries were found certain hieroglyphic images of gods which were made to represent various parts of animals.

The well known sphinx is one of this kind; and by this it was intended to signify the attributes united in the highest being, or to throw together into one body the most powerful of all living things. There was chosen something of the most powerful bird, or the eagle, from the strongest wild beast, or the lion, of the strongest of all domestic animals or the bull, and last the strongest of all animals, man.

The bull or apis was particularly used as the emblem of

4?6 MENTAL DEVELOPMENT.

strength to designate the omnipotence of the highest being, but the bull is called cherub in the original tongue.

These mysterious figures, to which no one except the initiated had the key, gave to the mysteries themselves a peculiar outward appearance, which deceived the people and had something common with the idolatry.

Superstition received thereby through the outside veil of the mysteries a continuous maintenance, while in the sanctuary it was looked upon with scorn.

It is, however, easily understood how this pure theism could exist along with the idolatry with any degree of toleration, because, although it ruined idolatry within, it encouraged it on the outside.

This contradiction of the religion of the priests and that of the people was excused by a necessity with the founders of the mysteries;

it appeared the less serious one of two evils, while it was more hoped to hem the dangerous consequences of the concealed truth than the prejudicial effect of its being too suddenly revealed.

But as gradually unworthy persons found their way into the secret covenant, and as the institution lost its original purity, what once was an absolute necessity, namely, secrecy, was made the principal object of the concern, and, instead of generally purifying the superstition and preparing people for the reception of truth, a certain advantage was sought in leading them more astray, and to plunge them deeper into superstition.

Priestcraft now took the place of innocent pure intention, and even the institute itself which should maintain the faith in the only true Go;1, guard and disseminate truth, commenced to be the most powerful means for the contrary, and to degenerate into a regular school of idolatry.

The hierophants, in order not to lose their influence over the minds, and to intensify expectation, found it expedient to postpone the final disclosure, which should forever terminate all false expectations, and to render difficult all the approaches to the sanctuary through all sorts of artifices.

Finally the key to the hieroglyphics and secret figures was totally lost, and now they were accepted as the truth itself which they were originally intended to veil from public view.

J. S.

MENTAL DEVELOPMENT.

There is great diversity among individuals.

Everyone is not endowed with the same capacities, nor possessed of similar abilities; but each is useful in his sphere, and there should be a just recognition and appreciation of ability,whether it is displayed in professional and scientific pursuits, or in the humbler departments of common labor.

This feature of diversity in the human race, corresponds with that endless variety observable in all nature.

Man's physical organism is said to be a compound of all material substances. Hence his sympathy with, and attachment to earthly objects.

If this is true, ascending from the lower to the higher spheres of life, may we not affirm that man's spiritual nature is a compound of spiritual elements, a concentration of unlimited intellectual faculties, with aspirations reaching out after higher knowledge, with sympathies which embrace, and powers to grasp the riches, and mysteries and harmonies of infinitude?

But these innate powers have to be developed.

They inhere in our nature, as the oak lies in the acorn, and without cultivation and inducement, they must remain dormant and concealed.

This development of his inborn spiritual qualities constitutes "The whole duty of man."And when he is fully unfolded and disentangled and separated from all gross and deleterious matter, man will then be a perfect image and likeness of his Creator.

How important, then, is the matter of development!

It comprehends both physical and mental improvement.

The former is called

MENTAL DEVEL OPMENT.

etiquette, and signifies according to popular notions, the art of pleasing by conforming to prescribed rules of social and conventional decorum.

The importance and propriety of good manners, is acknowledged by all lovers of well regulated society; as upon this depends much of the pleasure and enjoyment of life.

But as the chief requisite to true politeness is good common sense, springing from good nature and amiability of disposition, and as these are the effects of a refined and cultivated intellect, therefore, the improvement of the mind is of first importance.

The student should bear in mind that books and study alone do not furnish all the requisites necessary for full development of character.

A man might possess all the learning of the schools, all the etiquette and refinement inculcated by Chesterfield and Blair, and yet be deficient in those essential preparations which will admit him to the society of celestial beings.

The great majority of mankind, in all ages, have depended upon these human agencies for the development and advancement of our race.

But the moral degradation and social miseries existing in every part of the world evinces the futility of man's efforts to elevate himself by his own wisdom.

It must also be conceded that all the systems of religion, invented by man, have proved equally powerless.

As well might the acorn attempt to grow into the "majestic king of the forest"without the aid of man or the fertility of the soil, as for man to essay the stupendous task of development, unaided by higher powers, and without the application of loftier principles than he himself possesses or can conceive.

The development which we would inculcate, and that is before the youth of Zion, is of a higher order than what is found in books, or exists in the brains of the learned.

Its agencies comprehend not only all physical and intellectual excellencies attainable by man, but adds to these also celestial laws and ordinances, administered by divine authority, under the immediate direction of our Heavenly

Father.

The youth of Zion are favored above all other young people, because they have within their reach all the auxiliaries necessary for their fullest development, physical and spiritual.

There is before them a future of intense interest and full of promise.

They should begin to realize their destiny and arouse themselves to prepare for its fulfilment. They should throw away the idea of ease, and avoid the temptations to seductive pleasures.

As prerequisites, our young men should possess and cultivate courage, patience and perseverance.

Courage is essential to a noble and useful career.

Moral courage is needed, above all other mental qualities, to sustain the right against the wrong.

Let every young man of Utah arm himself with a large amount of indomitable courage that knows no surrender of his will to that which is base or pernicious.

There is more honor due to that courage which overcomes moral weaknesses and combats the temptation to self-indulgence; that faces ridicule and contemns persecution, than can be achieved upon a score of battlefields.

But the grand virtue of courage is not a sudden attainment.

Although some possess it naturally in a larger degree than others, yet, in most persons, courage needs cultivation.

And the best way to cultivate courage is to practice it constantly.

Another great moral quality, though less easy to practice than courage, is patience.

Youth is prone to be hasty and impetuous, but vehement passion and precipitate action, must not be mistaken for courage.

True courage is calm and dignified in the face of danger, and is the result of patience and selfpossession.

Keep cool, and you command everybody.

Patience endures hardships and contumely, and waits for the proper opportunity to act, then courage comes in, and victory is won, without flinching or rashness.

Remember life will have its difficulties whatever path you take.

There can be no successes or victories unless obstacles are met and overcome.

In the coming struggle you will have provocations, discouragements, failures.

But lay in a

HYDE PARK AND APSLEY HOUSE.

good stock of patience.

You will also have triumphs, successes, praises.

Do not be elated nor grow vain.

Have patience.

In the work of self-correction you will make good resolutions, and in a weak moment break them; you will resist temptations, and sometimes yield again;

but be not faint-hearted, have patience; you are growing, learning, developing.

The higher the destiny, the more elaborate and earnest needs to be the preparation for it.

Somebody has said "Have courage and patience and the world is yours."But the quality which induces, sustains and strengthens all other moral virtues is perseverance.

There is a good deal said about luck and good fortune, but the old fable about the hare and the tortoise illustrates what luck is.

Luck, fortune, prosperity, are simply the reward and result of perseverance.

Perseverance is continued and persistent effort in a certain course, in spite of difficulties, never to give up, but to "Keep-a-pitchin'- in."Perseverance embodies the chief element of success in all enterprises.

By it Columbus triumphed over stupendous obstacles and added the Western

Hemisphere to the map of our globe.

By it Washington and his fellow-patriots trampled tyranny and oppression down, and established a form of government, the most noble and generous ever vouchsafed to the world.

Let the sons of Latter-day Saints emulate all others in the exercise of courage, patience and perseverance.

For by the employment of these virtues, enriched and intensified by the gift of inspiration,, your fathers have endured hardships, and achieved victories unparalleled in history.

And for the possession and practice of these and other good qualities, the Latter-day Saints to-day, are the wonder and admiration of all people, who are not too blind to see it, or too jealous to acknowledge it.

Young men, brace up for the work!

You are to be the moral reformers of a degenerated race;

the noble of the earth, and the favored of heaven.

John H. Kelson, HYDE PARK AND APSLEY HOUSE.

There is something in the very word that sends a thrill through the whole system, and the spirit rushes out over a wide expanse of greensward, with broad, grand walks and fine carriage roads, all shaded at different parts by noble trees, whose ages number among the centuries.

At all delightful points are seats for the weary or the meditative to sit and enjoy communion with their own spirit, or "in audience with the Deity."On this beautiful Sabbath morning, my spirit is rushing over a wide expanse of time and distance, and in idea—I am seated, as of yore, on one of those delightful seats, in the great Hyde Park of London, that I remember so well.

Memory, that wonderful mental storehouse, has opened one of her cabinets, and before me is the glory and the beauty of that mighty blessing to the

London public—Hyde Park.

It is over thirty years since I sat there bodily, but so well was I acquainted with it, by frequent visits, that it is still a vivid picture when I desire to review it.

The parks are important appendages to the metropolis.

Here the Sovereign and her subjects find healthy exercise and recreation.

In the reign of Henry VIII, this park was nothing more than a desolate marsh;

it was enlarged and planted with lime trees by Charles II r who contracted the water into a canal, and formed a decoy and other ponds for water fowl.

Here he might often be seen in that part called the "Bird-cage walk,"playing with his dogs, feeding his ducks, and talking in a familiar manner with his subjects;

he had also an aviary near that place.

Of all the royal parks, none is so extensive as Hyde Park, nor can such an assemblage of carriages and fine horses be seen in any other place in the whole world as are here daily witnessed during

HYDE PARK AND APSLEY HOUSE.

the summer months.

To a stranger, they appear numberless, and wonder rises in the mind that there should be rich people enough to keep so many costly equipages.

Two hundred years back, Hyde Park contained eighteen hundred acres, but now it has not quite four hundred, Kensington Gardens being separated from it. The Serpentine river, as it is called, adorns the park—famous for bathers'and skaters'accidents and other loss of life; though the Humane Society have a receiving house on its banks and watchers with life-preservers are constantly walking on its shores to prevent, as far as possible, disaster.

Here also is a noble road fenced off entirely for equestrians; no carriage or foot passenger is allowed therein.

Ladies on beautiful palfreys, and gentlemen mounted on fiery yet highly trained steeds that snort and paw the ground, appear to revel in happiness.

I now come to the triumphal arches, as they are named, at "Hyde Park corner."

These bring me to Apsley House, the mansion given by the English government to the Duke of Wellington, with its magnificent iron gates, and barred windows, standing like a fortress at the entrance of the Park; the bronze figure of Achilles on the lofty granite pedestal meets the eye on entering the archway—it was erected in honor of the Duke, after the decisive battle of Waterloo, by the ladies of England.

I must here relate what appeared at that time in the London journals.

George II was riding one day on horseback in Hyde Park, when he met an old soldier, who had fought with him in the battle of Dettingen; and entered into free discourse with him.

After talking some time, the king asked the veteran what he could do for him. "Why please, your majesty,"said the soldier, "my wife keeps an apple stall on the bit of waste ground as you enter the park, and if your majesty would be pleased to make us a grant of it, we might build a shed on it, and improve our trade."It was a moderate request and the king granted it. The old apple merchant now prospered greatly, for the shed was built and trade increased, the situation being a good one.

In the course of years the old soldier died, and the Lord Chanceller wanted a suitable piece of ground on which to build himself a mansion, and he fixed his mind on this very spot.

The old lady was sadly alarmed when she saw her old shed pulled down, and preparations made to build a fine mansion where it had stood, but she had a son who was an attorney's clerk, and she consulted him what course she should take; he was shrewd enough at once to see the advantage that might be gained by remaining quiet in the matter, so he advised his mother to say nothing till the great mansion was completed.

No sooner was the house finished, than the son waited on the Lord Chancellor to complain of the trespass committed on his mother's property, and to claim a recompense for the injury she had sustained.

When the Chancellor saw that the claim was undeniable, he directly offered a few hundred pounds by way of compensation, but this was altogether refused.

The old lady, advised by her son, would by no means settle the affair on such easy terms.

After some deliberation a ground rent of four hundred pounds a year was demanded, and his lordship, at last agreed to the terms, and to this day Apsley House yields a ground rent of four hundred pounds yearly, to the descendants of the old apple woman.

There is a magnificent room in Apsley House called "the Waterloo Gallery."While the Duke lived, all the surviving veteran officers of Waterloo were yearly entertained by him at a superb banquet in this grand hall, on the eighteenth of June, the anniversary of the renowned battle.

I was once so highly favored as to enter it as the table was laid for dinner;

a broad plateau of solid silver was placed through the length of the table, leaving a margin for the entrees;

at each end was a palm tree, about four feet high, of solid silver;

at the side of the table was the sovereign's chair, and opposite to it

43° WHAT IS EDUCATION?

an equestrian statue of the queen.

Prince Albert always occupied this seat, which of course became the head of the table.

At the corners of the plateau were groups of cupids, wreathing flowers, and other symbolical figures, all in the same precious metal.

The sideboards were loaded with massive gold plate.

The centre salver bore the battles and victories of the duke, each figure as distinct as life.

Cups and goblets, and wine coolers, and other vessels, many edged with jewels and precious stones, all of immense value.

There were a few fine pictures in this room—I only remember one—it was the garden of Gethsemane, only one solitary figure in it, kneeling, as it would seem, at the moment when that memorable, agonizing, passionate prayer escaped the lips of the suffering Savior, "If it be possible, let this cup pass from me!"

This picture was valued at ten thousand guineas;

I do not remember the artist.

A range of windows run along one side of this noble room, and at night, shutters were drawn out from the side, and were one sheet of mirror, the size of the windows, which gave a very brilliant effect to the whole room; another notable feature was the grand staircase commencing in the second entrance hall of this superb building;

at the bottom stands a full length colossal figure of Napoleon I;

he has simply a wreath of laurel round his brow, an imperial spear in his right hand, and the form is nude.

Could this remarkable feature be intended to shadow forth his loss of royal power?

To me it spoke a volume, not in any way in favor of the duke, who was accidentally his conqueror.

I never heard a reason for it; still as a statue—as a work of art—it is superbly grand.

Even Napoleon viewing it, might say, "Tis well!".

Years have passed, I am in a new world, new scenes, new associates, but those magnificent scenes are still living in my memory, but that comparatively small painting, and that suffering and holy Martyr holds my heart, and beside it, the rest becomes- obscured, though not forgotten.

Why should it be, when the heavenly minded can see heaven through it all?

Yes, my Savior, I am Thine!

To follow Thee, I left my home, To fill this yearning soul of mine,

Whose spirit voice says, "come, Lord, come."

Yet hush my soul that secret voice,

Wait passive thy Redeemer's time,

Then shall His Saints indeed rejoice, And through eternal ages shine.

The grandeur of this mundane sphere,

Though dazzling to the mortal eye,

But shows the counterfeit is here,

To draw us up to crowns on high.

Hannah T. King.

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

The education of the human mind is a subject which has worthily occupied the highest place in the estimation of the wise in all ages of the world.

Indeed there is no other subject of such vital importance. When we consider the fact, that life itself is one vast school, and that all earth's inhabitants, from the loftiest human intelligence to the lowest order of animal creation, have been sent to this school for the purpose of acquiring an education, we are able to appreciate to some extent, the responsibility of the position we occupy, and the priceless value of the time, the talents, and the opportunities that are placed at our disposal.

That all human beings do not take this view of the matter, we are well aware.

There are thousands, aye millions of our race, who appear to have no higher conception of the true purpose of their creation, than the birds of the air, the beasts of the field, or the denizens of the watery deep.

In fact, were all creation to be judged—as it will some day be—and the proportionate intelligence of every species predicated upon its obe-

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

dience to the laws of nature and of nature's God, it would seem as if man was actually less intelligent than any other living object throughout the animal or vegetable kingdoms. And why? For the simple reason that every form of vegetable life, and every order of the animal realm, excepting man, observes the laws of nature and faithfully fills up the measure of its creation.

Man is the only transgressor.

Consequently, if we were to impute all disobedience to ignorance, and all obedience to superior intelligence—which would appear to be the more charitable way—it would give man a place somewhat lower down in the scale of enlightenment than he might possibly desire to occupy.

But we will not erect this standard of judgment, for it would not be a correct criterion.

Man's disobedience results, not from his lack of intelligence, but from his lack of proper education.

By education—as already implied—we do not mean exclusively nor even particularly, that mental discipline which schools and colleges impart. The development of the intellect, is but a single phase of the subject, and by no means the most important one, for useful and valuable though it be, as a branch of education, it is really of secondary consideration, compared with other departments of that vast system of development, by means of the entire harmonious and persistent operation of which it is alone possible for the human mind to be perfectly educated.

The suicidal or homicidal policy of imparting intellectual cultivation, to the utter neglect of the physical, the moral, and what is of greater importance, the spiritual faculties, is amply illustrated in the lives of men and women all around us. There are those who carefully cultivate their minds, while they entirely neglect their bodies, and the consequence is that the expanding intellect, deprived of adequate physical support, soon overpowers the weak constitution and renders its possessor an invalid for life and the occupant of an untimely grave.

Instance the case of Henry Kirk White.

If this gifted and promising poet, whose intense application to study ruined his health and hurried him into eternity ere he had fairly entered upon his earthly career, had been more mindful of his temporal welfare, he might have attained to thrice the age at which he died; and the same might be said. of thousands, who have vainly imagined the word education to simply imply the development of the mental powers.

There are others more wise, but not so much more as they should be, who think they fulfil every requirement by developing both intellect and physique, while at the same time they completely ignore the cultivation of the moral attributes.

The result of this fallacy is that the mental and physical force, accruing from this system of training, is just so much more power for the perpetration of wickedness;

for the more intelligent the mind the greater its capacity for good or evil, and the stronger the body the more able it is to execute the purposes of the mind.

Like a powerful locomotive, off the track, or in momentary danger of flying from it, is the educated mind and body, without morality as the engineer and conductor to guide, control, restrain and manipulate its powers.

If mental and physical discipline were all sufficient, prisons would not be crowded with "educated"convicts;

banks would not "break "nearly so often; embezzling clerks and absconding cashiers would not be so numerous;

scientific murders, infanticides, and kindred vices would be of less frequent occurrence; mankind would love and show more mercy towards one another, and ruined virtue would weep less over misplaced confidence and the spoliation of chastity.

A man or woman, "educated,"but devoid of moral principle, is just so much nearer a devil, and is admirably adapted as an instrument of Satan for the furtherance of his fell designs.

But supposing a man to have been educated mentally, physically and morally;, is his education still complete?

Look at the infidel, who denies the existence of his Creator, who scorns the idea of a power superior to his own intellect, and ridicules and discourages the hopes

WHAT IS EDUCATION:'and exertions of all who endeavor to work out their eternal salvation.

Is he educated?

Yes.

Is his mind quick and powerful?

Yes.

Is his body strong and active?

Yes.

Is his private life above reproach?

Yes.

Does he lie, swear, steal, kill or commit adultery?

No.

Does he manifest love for his family and friendship and sympathy for his fellow man?

Yes.

And yet he stands as a barrier and a stumbling-block at the gateway of eternal life, neither going in himself nor allowing that privilege to others, harassing and disheartening the already weak and trembling, piling discomfort upon the back already bending beneath its burden, weakening those who barely have strength to stand without such interference, strewing briars under their lacerated and bleeding feet, pulling down the only shelter over their heads, and instead of whispering comfort to their worn and drooping souls, making the present one cheerless scene of woe and misery, and picturing a future of black and hopeless desolation beyond.

Is that love and friendship?

Is that charity and benevolence!

Are these the fruits of a perfect education?

Has not such a man's training been neglected in some important particular?

Mental, physical and moral training are not then all that is necessary.

They are but sufficient to guide us along the ordinary walks of this life, without any reference to the endless existence towards which we are so rapidly hastening.

Man, while on earth, should learn the way to heaven, that when he closes his brief mortal course he may be qualified to undertake the endless and immortal career that lies before him.

Hence he must have a spiritual education, which alone is the most important training that the human mind can receive.

It comprehends all others, which are nothing more nor less than its component parts; the several branches of one great tree;

the various departments of an all-comprising system;

the separate lessons of a manifold truth; tributary rivers, flowing from one common source, into the vast ocean of universal intelligence.

Man came here to gain an experience which he could not acquire in any other sphere, and having obtained the object of his coming, he returns with it to the place from whence he started.

He is at school on earth; he is at home in heaven.

From the primaries of a spiritual pre-existence, he descends to the intermediate department of mortality; where he is expected to ply every effort, and wisely use every privilege and possession within his power, that by learning well the lessons of this life, he may advance from grade to grade of intelligence, until finally he graduates with the highest honors, and is fitted and prepared to mingle forever with the pure, the refined, the educated society of the eternal worlds.

O. F. Whitney.

Friendship makes prosperity more bright, adversity more supportable.

Truth and love are two of the most powerful things in the world, and when they both go together, they cannot easily be withstood.

A man whom Dr. Johnson once reproved for following a useless and demoralizing business, said in excuse, "You know, doctor, that I must live."The brave old hater of everything mean and hateful coolly replied that he did "not see the least necessity for that."

Those who are at all familiar with the ways of the printing office, know that they tend strongly to habits of brevity, directness and condensation. A notable instance of this was discovered in a newspaper establishment of central New

York, when an irate subscriber brought his paper back to the editor, and desired to know if they meant to insult him by directing his paper in that way.

The individual's name was Daniel De Witt Clinton Bangs—euphonious enough but troublesome to write, as he always liked to have it written out at full length.

The mailing clerk had found the five names in full upon the list, and falling naturally into the habit of abbreviation, he had directed the paper thus

D. D. &c. Bangs.

IF WE COULD ONLY SEE BEFORE.

IF WE COULD ONLY SEE BEFORE.

'It is too late to look back upon the land, when, the cable being loosed, the vessel is making her way into the immense deep."

Cato.

Under a clear and sunny sky, With a fav'ring westerly wind,

A son, in twain broke kindred's tie,

His fortune afar off to find.

And father and mother stood on shore,

With hearts overflowing with grief,

And prayed their God that He'd restore

Their loved son and bring them relief;

But ere the sun that night had cast

Its rays in the far golden west,

The ship 'neath th'storm-king's pow'rful blast,

Sank quietly down to its rest.

And th'sad news flew with lightning speed,

To the parents'once bright abode,

And with tearful eyes, with God they plead

To help them bear up 'neath their load.

With tear-stained eye, and heart bowed down,

With weight of grief and saddened care,

A husband—father—leaves the town,

To struggle 'mid the battle's glare;

And as he clasps to his sad breast,

His stricken wife and children dear, "O God!"he cries, "may these be blest,

Till I return, their hearts to cheer."

And one by one he bids "good-bye,"

With kisses mixed with falling tears,.

And then to Him who rules on high,

He leaves.them, and to duty steers.

But in the battle's bloody din,

In death he lays his aching soul,

And cries, "Could we, ere we begin,

See all, our lives might we control."

In death's last throes, a drunkard's form,

Repentantly sinks, to its rest;

No trouble took he to reform His error, while life was his guejt.

But now laid low on his death bed,

With weeping wife and children 'round,

The thoughts of dying fills with dread,

That soul, which strong in sin was bound.

"Oh! Mary, dear, is it too late For you to pardon my past life?

Forgive me for your wretched state

Forgive me, O, my darling wife.""Dear husband, all I do forgive,"The wife she cried, then all was o'er;

What would not he have paid to live

That life again, which was no more?

All through the sultry summer day,

A blue-eyed child had fretful been,

No pleasure reaped it from its play, Or from its sport did comfort glean;

And mother, with her many cares, Was vexed with baby's fretful ways,

Yet knew not sickness, unawares,

Was ebbing out its childish days.

For mothers, when their children fret, Are far too apt to frown and scold,

Yet hearts, o'erflowing with regret,

Are found when baby's still and cold.

And when in death the mother saw

Her darling close its angel eyes, Remorse and pain her heart did gnaw,

For angry words at baby's sighs.

And thus through all of life's strange ways, We cannot see one jot ahead;

We know not what in future lays,

We know not till the time hath fled.

The prattling child, the happy youth,

The parent and the tot'ring form, Could better oft their ways forsooth,

Could they but see before the storm.

But 'tis not for us mortals here, To rend the future's vail in twain,

To know when we shall leave this sphere

Such things do not to man pertain.

A mightier pow'r holds this in hand 'Tis God's divine economy;

No one can Future's things demand,

Or gaze into eternity.

The Ruler of the,universe,.

The Framer of salvation's plan,

Will, to the humblest man, converse

In simple words, like man to man.

He'll teach him how to walk below,

That when the powers of death surround,

He can into dominions go Where sorrow shall no more be found.

But, to unfold to mortal man The things that Future's vail withhold

Would mar Eternity's grand plan,

Which gods, ere earth was formed, did mould.

'Tis good we do not know all things, 'Tis well we cannot see before;

So while each day the sunshine brings,

Let's happy be, till life be o'er.

James H. Wallis.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, August, THE POLITICAL SITUATION..

That a crisis is imminent in the politcal situation of this Territory, those who are best acquainted with the nature and intent of government Returning Boards will admit.

In the South these institutions won a reputation for cruel and unmerciful dealing and fraudulent canvassing which will adhere to them for all time.

In the National Capitol, a few years since, the most famous returning board ever created was called into requisition to decide between the party in power and the one claiming the electoral votes of the people; there was one more republican than democrat on the returning board and the multiplicity of votes failed.

The most eminent men of the nation were members of this Electoral Commission, and they declared integrity to their party to be the highest sentiment of patriotism which they were capable of feeling.

With such examples before us, what may we'expect of the

Commissioners sent to this Territory, with legal authority of such undefined scope to make returns and issue certificates, that no one dares to intimate, as yet, how they will construe it.

That it was hoped the disfranchisement of polygamists, under the administration of the Commissioners, would reduce the majority of the People's Party sufficiently to admit a Gentile legislature, there can be no doubt.

Members of Congress professed to believe that the law-making power would be forever taken from the

Mormon people by the enforcement of the Edmunds law.

But in this they were mistaken.

The Commissioners, however desirous they might be to fulfil the expectations of Congressmen and others in this respect, have frequently, in public interviews, acknowledged that they cannot turn the Territory over to the Gentile party, under existing law or by the exercise of any authority they possess.

If the Commissioners adhere to this interpretation of the law and of their powers, then the majority need only to scrupulously observe the legal provisions and the Commissioners'rulings, to elect their men and secure the certificates which will enable them to act.

We are able to do this, and should show that we are thoroughly aroused to its importance by being so regu'ar in conducting all our primaries and conventions, in the selection of men for the various offices, in the casting of our ballots and making returns to the proper officers, that not a suspicion of error or fault can be created by any act pertaining to the election or any of its consequences.

It is of the greatest importance that we secure the next legislature, for special reasons, among them this:

If the legislature by any possible means could pass into the hands of the Gentiles, laws would be enacted to fasten upon the citizens of the Territory the mqst oppressive restrictions to the rights of citizenship that can be conceived Of.

A great number of the very best men and women of the

Territory, the founders and early settlers,would thus have made permanent the temporary disfranchisement which, without trial or conviction of guilt, they have voluntarily submitted to, pending the decision of the courts upon the constitutionality of the Edmunds law.

The best constitutional lawyers of the nation are sanguine that the law will not be sustained, but if such complications as its re-enactment by our local legislature would effect, were added to the present difficulties, there is no telling how or when a decision doing justice to the people might be reached, if ever.

These men and women who have made this Territory fit for human habita-

EDITORIAL.

tion, whose struggles in early days for religious and political liberty caused them to pass through unparalleled scenes of distress, in which they exhibited such fortitude, patience and heroism as to cause the world to wonder and just men of the world to admire and applaud them, have rights as dear to them and as inalienable as the rights of liberty were to the patriots, who wrested from tyranny a nation of freemen.

They have been convicted of no wrong, they have done no wrong.

Their only crime is that they have fallen under the displeasure of an excited populace, whose prejudices wrought up by the enthusiasm of bigoted and aspiring priests and politicians—hungry office seekers, both and their women-folk, have demanded the punishment if not the extinction of a body of inoffensive religionists, who dare to serve God as His* Gospel prescribes, contrary to the creeds of the modern Philistines.

Time will inevitably prove to all men that the "Mormons"who are disfranchised by act of Congress, are thereby persecuted for their religion's sake, and that the measure is a cruel precedent which will bear its full complement of disaster to the agencies which have effected it.

To those who already know this there is no excuse for neglect or slothfulness in doing the duty that the ties of country. and brotherhood make binding upon them.

It is considered patriotic for a man to defend his own political rights;

but it is so in a higher sense to maintain the liberties of his friends.

The peculiar situation in Utah will bring home to the hearts of the people the fundamental principles of freedom. We have to contend for "first principles,"which, to be sure, is out of fashion in these days of party strifes and struggles on subordidate questions of policy.

The colonists were not much worse treated than the people of this Territory, and men have gone to war for less grievous outrages than the disfranchisement of so many of their wisest and purest compatriots. But the Latter-day Saints are a peaceable people and their religion.teaches them patience and long suffering endurance;

but it does not teach them to bow the neck to a yoke of tyranny or to fetter their hands with the shackles of a slave.

Our history shows that not only individuals but our whole people love liberty so much more than possessions or fair fame in the eyes of the world, that they have sacrificed wealth, home and their dearest ties of affinity for the sake of God and the right.

They have inculcated this lesson in the hearts of their children, who have been taught to anticipate a time when equal trials would be put upon their faith and equal demands be made of their integrity.

That time is rapidly approaching, and we can begin to see in what way the test will be applied.

In these days when distinctions are being made and places and positions of honor and prominence are falling away from their natural gravitation—among the experienced and tried and trusted—

to the youthful, the inexperienced and the convenient men of the People's Party, whose misfortune is their eligibility, will be discovered, among the latter, some who may entertain the thought that it is providential they have been weak in the faith, for now they can save the party.

They should remember the observation of President George Q.

Cannon, to this effect:

"When we who have obeyed the law of God are dependent for safety upon those who have had the opportunity to do so, and have neglected to improve it, may God have mercy upon us!"So say we.

The position is altogether unnatural, and one that in the eternal justice of the Almighty cannot be permitted.

The spirit that has prevailed to strike a blow at one of the highest and holiest principles of the plan of salvation, and has thereby reached the purest and best of God's servants, cannot hurt them. much; but it will tread to the ground and grind to powder the less faithful who stand in its track, but think they are going to escape the blow because it is directed over their heads at higher and better game.

Trials can hardly be called such to those who, living by the higher law of life revealed

POETRY.

for their exaltation, are endowed with the patience of the Master they serve and honor, but the same test would ruin men who are in the thraldom President Kimball used to describe—"To want to and can't.

That's hell, brethren!"We are decidedly in favor of electing to office young men, sons of the disfranchised, and those whose eligibility under the existing nefarious law is no reproach.

They may lack in experience, but they, as a rule, will be found on the side of right, and they will make no compromise of principle for favor or profit;

and they can conscientiously claim the blessing of Him who is able with the weak ones of the earth to "confound the wisdom of the wise"and cause "the understanding of the prudent to be hid."Let every voter of the Territory rally at the polls, cast his ballot for the men who are nominated to represent the principles of local self government and religious and political liberty, then trust in the Lord for the result, remembering always that "eternal vigilance is the price of safety."POETRY.

Poetry has engrossed the attention of all ages, and has been cultivated more or less by all classes, learned or illiterate.

It is supposed by many to be the natural offspring of what is termed genius, or a gift which some possess peculiar to their nature and above the general order of intelligences among mankind.

Poetry, however, taken in a more critical view, is no more a gift or natural endowment than music, eloquence, oratory, or any other acquisition which the taste, fancy or desire may have led those who have acquired any of the above accomplishments to attain.

Many possess the natural powers of musical intonation, who never made any advance in the science of music.

So it is with poetry.

Eloquence may be said to be the music of letters, or words, by which we are enabled fluently to express our thoughts.

Oratory embraces time, force and expression, the use of words as well as gesture, in the rounding of periods and forming of climaxes.

These are the laws of declamation, all of which require physical organs adapted to the end to which they are applied; while poetry, flowing from ideality, embraces all that the orator.may use by art, which are so combined together, that it would be difficult to draw a direct line of separation between them.

The ideas of the poet and orator being the same in taste, feeling and character, although the poet may have little rhetorical expression, and the orator less powers to measure metrical composition, yet the ideas in recitation are as requisite to be understood by him as they were in the composer.

In olden times, all those who professed poetry were generally musicians and declaimers; hence the harp, lute or lyre are, in our own day, often mentioned in connection with poetry, as instruments more figurative than real, from the fact of their actual use in early times, by those who followed the recitative or musical profession; indeed we have only to trace back to the more remote ages of the now most civilized nations to find that all of them had their poets, who sang their loves, joys and sorrows over their marriages, conquests, deaths, victories or defeats, or of their games, festivals or tournaments, when no other historic means could be employed to commemorate their national achievements.

Poetry, then, must be viewed as the most primitive development of literature, inasmuch as the other acquirements which have been noticed were the result of more refined ages, when the power of letters and words was understood and practiced.

To come to a more accurate conclusion, we would require to go. as far back as the days of Homer, and from his epic poetry learn

POETRY

the traditions and legends of his time in his inimitable descriptions, gathered from the scraps and songs of less intelligent authors, who sang of wars and victories won by the supposed gods of their mystical creation before him.

From this it is clearly obvious or supposable that poetry is not the production of education, but the natural development of expression promoted by the circumstances of life in which it obtained celebrity, taken in connection with the intellectuality of its authors, and the improvement of time, from one rhyme to another down through a long series of years.

It seems to be a wise provision made for us by the gods in our nature, though dimmed and almost obliterated in consequence of our degeneracy, to speak in happy illustrative language.

We can only have a correct idea of this truth by looking back to the first poets or declaimers on record—men and women unlearned in the rules of grammatical construction who have composed the most beautiful pieces, which stand as models of the best compositions, down through a series of more than four thousand years.

The Indian tribes which inhabit this continent, are a fair specimen of what all other savages or barbarous nations have been in all ages and parts of the world, before they attained to a knowledge of letters or the art of writing.

They have their war songs, their rejoicings, mingled with the song and dance, their songs commemorative of their warrior chiefs, their victories, their nation and their ancestry; indeed, they have no other way or method of retaining a history of their national glory and achievements than by this simple and natural process derived from their natural development, and crude arrangement of their ideas.

Poetry may be said to be the first transposal of reflection, or conveyance of unwritten thought, orally from father to son, and from one generation to another, known by the name of legend and tradition.

No verbal prose communication could be so well rehearsed nor so well remembered; rhyme, verse, or blank lines, linger in the memory and are more easily acquired.

Hence, the savage, barbarous and semi-civilized nations have all had their poets to commemorate in song what they desired should be committed from father to son, as the bygone memory of their past deeds and greatness.

Rules and legends of ancient date were all of a poetic caste, and although many of them are not set forth in rhyme, yet they are all in measured verse.

For example, Joseph and his brethren, the poems of Ossian, and in general all the Celtic tales savor of discription and happy expression.

"Give me,"said an English author, "the songs of any nation, whose language we are acquainted with, and it will be easy to tell their history, morality and refinement, their degradation, and the cause and consequence thereof."It is a well known fact that poetry, when properly directed, inspires in the mind a love of country whether native or adopted;

it stimulates the slave with a love of liberty or freedom, and freemen with heroic valor against oppression.

It clothes the rusticity of life with the robes of innocence, makes social conviviality burst its sides with laughter, and imprints a never-to-be-forgotten veneration on the minds of the religious.

In fact, nothing in the shape of literature ever has left or will leave such an indelible impression on the minds of any people of the past, present or future as poetry.

The only reason we can advance in proof of this is, that all men and women are, more or less, developed with the same physical organization, including similar feelings, sentiments, passions, tastes and desires; so that poetry, instead of being an extraordinary and rare gift, is the common endowment of the whole human family, savage, barbarous or civilized.

It is laid in the constitution of man as the basis of all that is called oratory, eloquence or composition.

It is the father of music, and the life-giving spirit of devotion.

Learning may refine it, but never can produce it as an art.

It takes the precedence of all other forms of literature, because it is the foundation and structure of

poetry:

thought.

Happy expression is the spirit of poetry; no words can paint the beauty of the heavenly spheres, the raging stormy seas, the terrific cyclone, the boiling volcano and the heaving earthquake, nor paint in ideas the feelings of friendship and the love that binds the sons of God to one another;

all that is social, moral and physical in the formation of sound belongs to poetry.

Nothing can illustrate these ideas more vividly than the history of the Latter-day

Saints.

Gathered as they are from the four quarters of the earth, and that, too, in poverty, and without the advantages of liberal education, they are, nevertheless, filled with the spirit of poetry, which is the spirit of revelation.

The songs of Zion have been sung in every country under heaven.

The life of Joseph the Seer, and his martyrdom;

the coming forth of the Priesthood;

the building of holy Temples;

the exodus, and triumphs of the

First Presidency, and the establishment of the Saints in the Rocky Mountains.

All these and a countless number of other songs, are as popular and inspiring as the songs of any people on the earth.

They may be rude when compared with the classical refinement of modern nations;

still, they will progress from their present infancy, and the day is not far distant when they will be more than equal, if not beyond comparison with the most enlightened of any other people on the globe. We can number a few already, and one in particular, whose spirit has given vent in songs of the deepest veneration, the purest sympathy, and the most heaven-inspiring philosophical devotion.

Others in her wake have followed, no less inspiring and full of inspiration.

But some invidious critic may ask, "Where was their pdetry and valor in flying like fugitives from the land of their adoption, leaving their homes in flames in the midst of winter?

Where was their reliance in their faith on God?"Why, in facing the dreary, trackless wilderness, in traveling over mountains and ferrying over rivers without the means of water carriage, invaded by hostile Indians, and sometimes destitute of proper nourishment for the sick and feeble;

all these combined only inspired them with songs of hope, which were composed in the midst of their trials, and sung by their camp fires, joined in chorus by the distant wolves who were watching for their prey, less ravenous than the human wolves they had left behind.

To conclude, we believe poetry to be the undisguised sentiment of feeling, of truthful perception and delineation of character; not of wild imagination, nor the fabulous conceits of insane, dreamy likelihoods, but the undisguised language of simple, naked truth.

Whether it be expressed in the sweetest tones of eloquence or in the monotones of the Deseret Alphabet, or whether it be spoken by the Spirit of the Lord, like the songs of

Deborah, Miriam, Mary, Elizabeth, David,

Isaiah or Jeremiah;

whether it be in praise, lamentation, panegyric, satire, reproof or devotion, nothing is so simple or primitive in its nature, so beautiful in its description, nor so sublime in its research.

Music, eloquence and oratory may influence andstir the passions, and in ecstacy waft the immortal spirit of man to the confines of heaven, but poetry opens the everlasting gates and leads the soul far up the golden streets of the New Jerusalem.

If all that is grand, beautiful and glorious be the'ornaments of celestial life, and truth the latch-key to enter on its enjoyment, how base the literature of lies, made to suit a mystified world, called the sublime!

Here no shying Pegasus nor Parnasian hill of difficulty will obstruct the way to the fame of an immortal reward, not of time but all eternity.

John Lyon.

Gulls and Crickets.—In the second year after the pioneers had arrived here—in 1848—the large black crickets common to these mountainous regions made their appearance in Salt Lake and some other valleys, in clouds—figuratively speaking.

They did not fly, but came hopping down the mountains in myriads.

So vast were their numbers the mountains were black, and seemed literally

STRIKES.

alive with the great big, black, ugly things, each one about the size of a large man's thumb.

It was at a time when the crops were promising; everything looked green; the future outlook seemed bright, and the heart of the sun-burned and toil-worn pioneer grew lighter as the prospects of a plentiful harvest and greater comforts grew more and more tangible with each day's growth of the healthy grain.

But blacker than the clouds of coal-black crickets which came hopping down the mountain slopes in countless numbers, leaving barrenness and desolation in their wake, were the clouds of despair which filled the heart of the weary husbandman as this new and unlooked-for curse came slowly, but surely, toward the pride, the joy, and the promise of the early settler—his fields of waving corn and grain.

The foe was utterly unconquerable so far as human efforts were concerned;

there was nothing the heart-sick farmer could do but stand idly by and see the labor of the season destroyed.

Children gazed with wonder and terror;

women looked with eyes full of tears, and strong men watched with hearts of despair.

It was an awful hour.

Butlo! a wonder!

The sky is filled with large birds;

they fly toward the scene of disaster, and they alight in the fields where the crickets hold supreme sway.

Then comes a change.

At once the flocks of birds begin to eat the crickets.

From morn to night they continue, never ceasing.

When filled until they can hold no more, they vomit up the black mass, and again continue to eat the crickets.

This is kept up day after day, until not one of the devouring host is seen;

the crops are saved, and the birds fly away.

This bird was the one which could recently be seen in the fields, and which was then more abundant than at any time since the event above mentioned.

It is not surprising that the pioneers should return thanks to God for His succor, and that forever after the sea-gull should be looked upon as a dear friend, to be protected and encouraged.

STRIKES.

"Strikes"by working men are simply the act of combining in a resolve not to work until the demands which cause the strikes are complied with.

They have various causes.

Sometimes there is an obnoxious foreman in a factory or workshop, and the men refuse to go to their daily tasks until he has been discharged.

Or the employer has dismissed one of his hands, and the other workmen in the shop decline to work again until the man has been restored to his former place.

Or the men have adopted some rule to which the employer refuses his assent, and they "strike"to force him to accede to their terms.

The most common cause of strikes, however, is wages.

When business is active and profitable, the workmen demand higher wages, and if this is denied, they frequently strike.

When trade is very dull and unprofitable, employers sometimes find it necessary to reduce the wages of the workmen.

If the men do not agree to this reduction, then strikes often follow.

The purpose of a strike is, of course, to compel the factory or workshop at which it occurs to stop its business.

Employers have skilled workmen, and when these men refuse to work, they must employ unskilled workmen, and so suffer a loss.

When prices are advancing and orders are numerous, to stop a mill, or to fill it with uninstructed men, means the loss of a good market.

Moreover, at such times workmen are generally employed, and it is very hard to find new men to fill the places of those who decline to work.

It is then that strikes are most commonly successful.

In periods of depression in business it is comparatively easy to find trained men who are unemployed.

In order to overcome this disadvan-

44Q ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

tage, strikers sometimes resort to violence.

They assail, and occasionally beat or shoot, men who are willing to take the places they have vacated.

The practice of coercion is too often carried far beyond the limits which the law allows.

Workmen have an undoubted right to reason with the men who are willing to go to work for the wages which they have rejected, but they have no right to use force to prevent them from doing so.

When they do, they put themselves emphatically in the wrong.

Occasionally the result of a strike is something more disastrous than failure to secure the end desired.

In one of the Massachusetts shoe-towns there has been a strike this year.

The shoemakers of the town are so numerous that the local government was virtually in their hands.

The strikers resorted to violence, and the police, being in sympathy with the workmen, made little or no effort to restrain them.

The consequence has been that some of the manufacturers in the town, finding that they could not be protected in their business rights, have determined to move their shops to other towns, and even out of the State.

The lesson is an instructive one, for it shows that injustice will not prosper.

If the workmen had contented themselves with allowing to others the same liberty which they claimed for themselves; or if the authorities of the town had seen that the protection of liberty and property was their chief duty, the town would have been spared a severe blow at its prosperity.

Strikes sometimes seem to be necessary, but they are always wasteful.

When a man strikes for higher, or against lower, wages, he runs a great risk.

If the employer is strong enough to stand out for even a short time, the workman loses, frequently, as much in wages as he afterward gains in several months, if he is successful in his demands.

The conditions and chances generally favor the employer rather than the workman.

The labor question is a great one, and is constantly enlarging itself.

There are theories about it without end, but, after all, the truest solution is that which recognizes employer and employed as having interests in common, which accords to laboring men a fair percentage of the anticipated profits, and allows perfect freedom to the employer to employ such workmen as he pleases.

Skilled labor is always in demand, and usually controls and commands high returns for its services.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

i.

It appears from the following passages of Scripture that at least many of the Jews will begin to receive the Gospel prior to their gathering:

2 Nephi, vi: n—"When the Jews shall come to a knowledge of their Redeemer,, they shall be gathered again to the lands of their inheritance."Chapter ix:

2—"When they shall be restored to the true church, they shall be established in their lands of promise."2 Nephi, xxx:

7—"And it shall come to pass that the Jews which are scattered, also shall begin to believe in Christ; and they shall begin to gather in upon the face of the land, and as many as shall believe in Christ, shall also become a delightsome people."M.

C.

2.

In the Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 104, v. 40, we learn that the Kirtland

Stake of Zion was in the land of Shinehah;

In Sec. 107, v. 8, that the plains of Olaha

Shinehah and the mountains of AdamOndi-Ahman is the land where Adam dwelt;

In Sec.

116, Spring Hill, Davis. Co., Mo., is designated as Adam-Ondi-Ahrnan "because, said he, it is the place where Adam shall come to visit his people;"

In Sec.

107, v.

53, we are informed that Adam called together his posterity in the valley of Adam-Ondi-Ahman, "and there bestowed upon them his last blessing."The above references prove clearly that Adam-Ondi-Ahman is on this Continent, and that Adam dwelt there; but the particular spot on which the Garden of Eden was located is not stated inthese Revelations.

F.

T DEL.

SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in

Dry Ms, Groceries, Soots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, kt n d d s *"General Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P. O. BOX. 352.

S.

JE>. TEASDEL, East Temple Street.

TIT WALL PAPER, FEATHERS, BA-BY CARRIAGES, "ll-T-l Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window Cornices, Window Shades, Lace Curtains, Lambrequins, g HM •iwumwiii m,M •fj FIRST SOUTH STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

124 & 126 EAST TEMPLE STREET, Are Receiving their Large and WELL SELECTED STOCK SprintsSimmer Siols CONSISTIHG OF Fancy & Staple Bry Goods, Broca<ieiJ Velvets, Silks. Satins and Cassimeree.

Mostly our own Importations.

HOSIERY, CORSETS, LACES, NECKWEAR, •MUTEST DBJSICEJSJ5.+—AND AT |geci6oncible IJriceA.

mim\ fli&ttB* and ^hildmt'jJ mm and Blippcra.

GENT'S AND BOYS'CLOTHING, FURNISHING GOODS,

HATS, BOOTS AND SHOES OF BEST QUALITY.

Ladies', Misses'and Children's D0LMA^ cloaks & ulsters, OF LATEST STYLES OUR CARPET DEPARTMENT Is Complete in Every Line.

MILLINERY in all its Branches, Newest. Designs and Styles,

LYNCH & COTTRELL, RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South Streets- G NERAL AGENTS FOR UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA.

—FOK THE—

C^IE^E^I^lGKES and ZHZ-AJE^IN-IEJSS.

Dealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

ft ft ftft To Putters of Some-nada POOPS and 8B0E3, The just renown of the Boots and Shoes made by Z, C, H, L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our (joods.

fi®"BEWABE OP IMITATION. -W& Purchase only those BEARING OUR BRAND.

B. W. SPENCER.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Kconomy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steal Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bid Is, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when de« sired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, 6bm and mrnm masons, FLASTEF^ OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P.

0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

SVjMW <& 8&MNCEM* M.

R. EVANS.

Walker Opera House, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1019.

DEALERS IN £}.

}D CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY, Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Motions, Etc.

Atgo a Fine Stock of TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES AND SMOKERS'ARTICLES.

SJTTJJD EIO-A^K-EFt CO ^3 >1 f Co Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are four stories in height.

The fioorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the laigest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

fHgF^LWW*b lIsST®- *5ROF ^f^i^P.^^ M PURCHASERS OF BOOKS I CR SAVAGE, p\|J Lately Burned Out, Is prepared to Furnish All Kilids of

BOOKS fortheY. M.M.I. A.

LIBRARIES, AT LOWEST PRICES.

The Mutual Interest of the Associations will be strengthened by patronizing him. Buy your Libraries at the 6-alt S-nSre

aB'iiiiiiii'iiii:;iiii;^iiiii:;ii[a!i!:i!iiiajiiiiiiiii:S i:iiii!i;Miiiii:i- gjgmiiB&i;;:

ffliiiimgai.ii'miwwmu, «; iiii»!!ir:i.« wiiii iiiia