vol. IV.

junE, 1883.

No'9 'The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE eojfTjnmm A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAM LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1883.

PAGE.

Jedediah M Grant.

Ill '1 he Brooklyn Brdge E. H, Anderson Murder Will Out yohn Lyon Beneficence and Gratitude.

A Russian Legend H.

W.

Naisbi/t Courage and Enthusiasm N.

Y. Schofield Prince Gortschakoff Selected.

The Carpenter's Trade Youth's Companion Sermons and Writings of the Prophets.

IX.

Election and Reprobation Brigham Young and Willard Richards

Summer Vaca 1 ion Amethyst Death the Portal of Life Charles D. Evans 3-1 Utah Statistics—Census of 1880.

II.

..

George Reynolds Editorial:

Belle Harris 3:4 Signs of Christ's Coming.

VI.

The Book of Joseph Robert S. Spence Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conference 3^9 Questions to Answer Publications Received fn#MAi W. X H CLOTHING, BOOTS, SHOES, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Vol3 t4D VOLUMp OF THR "^i VOL. I,;mi <s fi» ^K5^~'IFIE&ICIE] ^2 50.

Which has been out of print for several months, will be re-issued before Oct. 1st.

ORDERS NOW TAKEN FOR 17.

PRICE, BOUND, $2.50.

Srb l&**&W&Wk MERCHANDISER 14 WABIEOUSI, ^ Opposite z.

c. M.

I.

Hi. 3D- <£z.a., "sro-crnsro-^ OOTS ^o SHOE 44 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

Greo.

A.. Lowe, SALT LAKE CITY and.

OGDEN, UTAH, GENERAL AGENT FOK MIOTLER Fill aed FREIGHT ill AND DEAI.BK IN Open Buggies, Top Buggies and Phaetons, Spring Wagons and Road Carts.

A Large Assortment which will be Sold at very low Prices.

Of all kinds and having the latest Improvements, among which are the following novelties:

The Faust Ijau loader, The Champion |iau dicker and loader,

Ijorse Hau Forks and Carriers, AND THE CELEBRATED Centrifugal Irrigating (Pump.,

Jrjuakeye Reapers and Jrfoivers,

Sweepstakes and Jtfinnescta Chief threshers, garbed Fence Wire, (Tederick Hay (Presses and Hoisting- Engines,

Steam Engines, Saw JMlls, Flour JVLills, Wood Working JAaohinery of all kinds, i Leffel Turbine Wheels, Knowles (Pumps.

CALL AND SEE THEM, OH WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS.

WM. JENNINGS, AARON FARR, Superintendent.

Manager.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

OFFEBS A FULL LUTE OF General CQe^ghandiseJ* WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CITY.

fK>9 AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

TO'& Y6OTPS'FP B6¥£'CIMOT& "CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK,"AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BUNK BOOKS, STATIONERY,

INK, ETC.

A. L. WILLIAMS AGENT FOR IMA*™ MJk DELIVERED $650 PER TON.

>£ii* SIT fS'fi&O&ADO Ali'lffiEAMIE W@&&* ALL GRADES. LOWEST PRICES.

OFFICE.

127 MAIM ST., NEXT TO BARRATT BROS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, OS^/Vb. 1S37 First South Street,^fD Jf^be ^Itoqljs oij f}^9 f fye Choicest of?$qfs ty Se^soi)

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNAS f-^^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS flag- fill Orders entrusted to our Care promptly (Delivered,

THE CONTRIBUTOR

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. IV.

JUNE, 1883.

No.

9.

JEDEDIAH M.

GRANT.

Great Salt Lake City was incorporated on the 19th of January, 1851, and at the first election held under the charter on the first Monday of the next April, Brother Grant was elected mayor, which office he magnified in an eminent degree and held uninterruptedly, by the unanimous vote of the people, until his death.

During the period of his administration, the first ordinances for the government, safety and general welfare of the people were enacted, forming the basis of the municipal regulations under which the city has grown and prospered to the present time.

On the organization of the Territory of Utah, certain officials appointed by the President of the United States found the situation in Utah, on their arrival here, not to their liking; and after a few months'sojourn, during which they did nothing for their own glory, for the government nor the people, they returned to the East and united in framing a report to the Administration at Washington, which grossly misrepresented the people of Utah, and contained many outrageous charges against them, calculated to influence public opinion and to prejudice the powers that be in their official intercourse with the Territory.

For the purpose of counteracting whatever evil effect the "runaway judges,"report might have and of setting fairly before the country the situation of our people in the vallies of the Rocky mountains—then so isolated and remote from the inhabited part of the continent—Mayor Grant was called to go to Philadelphia, and New York, and do what he could to gain the public attention, while he exploded the falsehoods of the judges and set the matter right respecting the new Territorial ward which had been adopted.

He addressed some letters to James Gordon

Bennett, the elder, which were published in the New York Herald.

They had an electrical effect.

The "report"fell flat and the runaway officials never recovered from the wholesome exposure of their conduct.

These letters possess features which at once stamp their author as an original, forcible and clear-headed writer, whose use of the power of diction was a surprise to his friends and gave him a place in the front ranks of home literatenrs.

No finer satire could be employed than characterizes the three papers.

The following brief extracts will serve to exhibit the writer's style and at the same time to remind the reader of an interesting episode in the early history of the

Territory:

"Sir.—I will thank you to print, as soon as you can, the substance of this letter.

Considered only as news, it ought to be worth your while.

There is great curiosity everywhere to hear about the Mormons, and eagerness to know all the evil that can be spoken of them.

Announce you that I am a Mormon Elder, just arrived from Utah—mayor, in fact, of Salt Lake City, where my wife and family are still living—a preacher, brigadier of horse, and president of the quorum of Seventies, and the like; and not one subscriber that waded over sioe-tops through the slime of details,

3 22 JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

you gave of the play-actor's divorce trial lately, will not be greedy to read all I have to say about the filthier accusations that have been brought against me and my friends and brethren.

This is what I have to count upon, thank falsehood.

And if you will publish my letter entire,

I will ask for no editorial help from you.

I am no writer;

but, with the help of the Power of Light, I am not afraid of what you can say against us.

So long as I walk by the rule of my Master, you walk by the rude working of your fancies.

I must say I have had my doubts about writing out upon these matters; my doing so not being approved by our Delegate in Congress, Dr. Bernhisel.

The Doctor is one of our gentlemen at home, a real gentleman, and would not say a rough word or do a rough thing to hurt the feelings or knock off the spectacles of any man for the world.

But I am no gentleman, in his sense at least, and have had slights enough put upon me, personally, since I came eastward, to entitle me to any amount of stand up self-defence.

Dr.

Bernhisel's official course in this matter, I suppose I am bound to accept;

for I have understood that he had the advice of experienced men, who said to him:

"Take up the report of the three officers criminating your constituents, when it comes from the State Department into the House; ask for a special committee with power to send for persons and papers, and put the false witnesses on oath; but don't stoop to wrangle upon your religion, morals and political opinions with Mr. Webster or the Congressmen at large, whom the country considers to have enough to do to take care of their own."This is all very well, and very high and mighty and dignified, certainly; but while the grass grows, the cow starves;

while Congress is taking its months to do the work of a day, the verdict of the public goes against us, as the law-word is, by default, and we stand substantially convicted of any thing and everything that any and every kind of blackguard can make up a lie about.

And now I hear that the charges are not to be pushed;

two of the officers want to come back to us as friends—they are to be virtually abandoned after doing us all the harm they can.

What Mr. Webster thinks, we care a little; what is the opinion of most members of Congress, you can hardly believe, in your part of the world, how very little, but Public Opinion, that power we respect as well as recognize; and, therefore,

I am now determined, on my own responsibility, to write myself, and blurt out all the truth I can.

I may not be discreet, but I will be honest.

I have written, to begin with, an_ examination into the causes that induced the three officers to leave Utah; but find it grown on my hands too long for publication.

As I must confine myself, therefore, to plain and unargued narrative, I will best begin with the original and beginning of our troubles, found, to my mind, in the notion that, unlike other populous communities, we are not fit, or have not the right, to furnish our own rulers.

I doubt if the contrary ever once occurred to Mr. Fillmore, who, I am persuaded, had quite a wish to deal justly with us.

What was the consequence?

At the very outset of our national career, we had to have strangers sent to govern us.

Who of worth and standing at home would venture out to our distant and undescribed country?

Accordingly, the offices went begging among all the small-fry politicians who could be suspected of being fit to fill them.

And (as I have heard, after sundry nominations were refused,) the following were picked up:

No.

i.—A Mr.

Brandebury, who brought his recommendation, saying he had studied law in the office of a Pennsylvania county court lawyer, renowned for successful high and lofty tumbling in the support of the United States Bank through a bloodless civil war, but who, in every other respect, exaggerated the recommendation of a Presidential candidate, of being perfectly and entirely unknown.

No.

2.—Zerubbabel Snow, of Ohio, a lawyer practicing in the interior of that State—qualifications rather ahead of the

JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

others—willing to come out probably, having kinsfolk among us.

of whom I have again to speak—character unknown,

I hope, to the President in the lower purlieus of the District of Columbia, by no means entitled to that recommendation.

—from a Vermont printing office,

I think—for secretary.

And for Indian agent, No.

5, a lazy little fellow named Day—with half the head of a Yankee, for he was all the time thinking of a "trade,"and half the heart of a woman, for he would have run from a squaw.

"Fry stones with butter,"says the proverb, "the broth will be good."I don't know what manner of appearance these men present, now that they have taken their titles at our expense, and drawn some of Uncle Sam's money for it;

but, as they came among us, the bevy was just such as you will rind keeping tavern together at a railway water station.

Zerub, the active partner—Lemuel, rather slow; but his uncle, superintendent of the road, to secure the trains stopping there at breakfast and dinner times;

with Harris, the bar-keeper, to fly round spry, and Day to black boots, pump tank and lift trunks.

To our misfortune they were not kept in their proper spheres.

The first we knew of our becoming a

Territory was the account of the passage, September, 1850, of the law organizing Utah, which reached us before the year was out.

Nothing could exceed the clamorous joy of our citizens at learning that they were thus invited into the family party by their brethren of the

Union.

Our national flags went up, hailed by huzzas, all over the settlement, and when we hoisted our large one on the liberty pole at Temple Block, in Great Salt Lake City, the artillery saluted it with one hundred rounds, rammed home.

The first actual appearance among us, by personal representative, of the government majesty of the United States, was the arrival of No.

1, as above, which came as much as half a year after (the 7th of June, I think,) with a limited amount of personal luggage, including one remarkably large black umbrella, and put up at a boarding house on the outskirts of the town, resorted to by traders and carriers passing through the settlement. We welcomed this from our hearts. We did not fire the cannon at it, having saved this honor for our country's standard, or its enemies.

Nor did we attend to appearances as well as the French, who made ready for their king by putting white kid gloves on the guideposts'fingers, and a clean cambric ruffled shirt and silk stockings on the body of a criminal hanging in irons.

Our means, after all, were limited;

but we cordially did our best.

As it was the chief justice, numbers of us paid him our respects; and, though our calls were not returned, proceeded to get up, after our custom, a ball in his honor. A paragraph or two, descriptive of this entertainment, will not be out of place here,, if it gives you an idea of our humble but hearty fashions.

About two and a half miles from the site of our future Temple, out of the base of what we call Ensign Mountain, a.

big toe of the Wasatch range, gush up a number of hot springs, various in quality and temperature; of which one in particular has a constant head strong enough to work a fulling mill.

This we have conducted in pine logs to a large house in the city suburbs, and provided there the tubs and other requirements for the most luxurious artificial bathing.

Though at the charge of one dollar a month per family, it has become a place of frequent resort for our whole population; and as with Mormons, society and festivity go hand in hand, this concourse has led to the erection of additional buildings, including, beside a ball-room, two parlors for club and party suppers, etc., and a famous big double-kitchen to cook up the good things in.

To this bath house we invited Judge Brandebury.

Our hours being early at Salt Lake, we sent the governor's carriage for him at three in the afternoon;

but dressing or something else detained

3 24 JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

him till five, shortly after which he arrived.

The guests were then sometime assembled.

Tickets had only been issued to our nicest people; and

I will say it, a prettier company no honest man, not a fop, would have asked to meet.

After an orchestral symphony, Brother Spencer, by his office, president of the Stake, opened with an appropriate prayer, and quadrilles commenced. Judge

Brandebury took to the corner at first;

but some of our ladies, making true woman's account of the Miss Nancyism of a drawed up old bachelor, that showed he had sat a good deal in the shade, took pains with him, and, though a little piqued at first, we soon got him up and made him excited.

He danced with Mrs.

and Mrs.

, again with Mrs.

and Mrs.

, and finally left them all, real old bachelor fashion, to pay his exclusive attentions to "that sweet young lady with the wreath of roses round her head"—thus describing little Miss Sarah Badlam, aged, perhaps, thirteen, be the same more or less. Supper was announced at seven.

The ladies and gentlemen sat down together

Governor Young at the head of one of the tables, with Judge Brandebury opposite him.

Our leading confectionery consisted of roast beef, roast mutton, chickens, roast and boiled veal, roast pig, wild fowl, bear meat and game pie, helped through with garden truck and sauce, pies, puddings, preserves, pumpkin butter, and other home dainties not so well known in these parts, and oysters and sardines in cans from the East.

For drink, we had our own brew of porter and ale—which I could not recommend, as it tastes like one part of the lager article to three of water—and for Brandebury's special use, champagne wine from the grocery.

From supper we went into the dancing again, and kept it up with spirit until near two o'clock in the morning, the handing round, at twelve, of refreshments (consisting of ice creams, cake, pie, nuts and beverages), being the only interruption till the benediction and final dismissal home."The following manifests a spirit of patriotism and courage, which the life of the writer continually personified, and is worthy the emulation of every native born son of the mountains in these vallies:

"I do not believe, either, that any American citizen, not of the lowest black-neb riff-raff and rabble of the cities thinks less of any man, or set of men, for a proper sense of self-respect and consciousness of merit.

A just pride, not vanity, tells as much for communities as individuals.

It is our praise that we are proud.

I go again in the stocks for this.

Yes Earthly heaven of our stormy voyaging Deseret Fair blushing cloud that tells the morning of the splendors of the day star to rise Rosy shadow of things hoped for, golden evidence of things not elsewhere seen

And thou, too, blest youthful city, "The New Jerusalem that God has built

For those to dwell in that are chosen His;

His chosen people purged from sinful guilt,

With precious blood that cruelly was spilt.

"The blessed angels to and fro descend

From highest heaven's gladsome company,

And with great joy unto that city wend,

As commonly as friend does with his friend."

Sweet home Dear Utah As I look out from my little fourth story window here, upon its landscape of dark backyards and stinking alleys, does not my heart faint now to dwell among thy saints?

Yes, sir, you whose pride it is to dissect every high affection to the skeleton, and sneer at every unworldly sentiment!

Yes, sir, proud I am, and proud we all are of our Utah home, through all the shame that is cast upon it here.

Not proud of its mountains, its rivers, lakes, woods and fields, for we think these are no more part of us than of any other of

God's children.

Nor proud of its wealth:

"Were this the charter of our State,

On pain of hell, be rich and great,

Damnation then would be our fate

Beyond remeed;

But thanks to heaven, that's no the gate

We learn our creed."You are rich in New York town, you raise your yearly crops of merchant princes and millionaires, with pike-eatpickerel overgrown fortunes, who build

JEDEDIAH M. GRANT.

their chateaus so high they can look clean over the Five Points.

But what's all this for glory, when it has on and over it the runnings and rotmarks of sin that is shame?

What, sir, I ask you, are whole dreadful columns of advertisements in your paper, but the image of a state of society so radically corrupt, diseased and wretched, that the charlatans of science are paid fortunes for pretending to palliate a fraction of its sufferings?

In our country, we don't see what you look at every day.

We don't see old men in the highway picking up manure with their fingers, or children in cotton factories dwarfing their backs before their milk teeth are shed. We don't wear pantaloons sewed at ten cents a pair, and French nose-rags brocaded at one hundred dollars apiece.

We don't have churches laid out in Sunday opera-boxes for fashionable hiring.

We don't see men hire other white men to wait on them at table, with bands round their hats and cockades and uniforms to set off and proclaim their miserable subjection.

Our men don't see their own species put out their hands to them for alms in the streets; and, sir, my lord, they don't see what's worse, able-bodied young women, for money, asking the favor God has made man to beg of woman, and that even the dog asks of his female What is quoted for our ancestors and forerunners of Plymouth is true of their descendants of Utah:

"As Ireland will not brook venemous beasts, so will not that land vile livers."Heaven be praised! there is not yet a brothel or a beggar, or a dram-shop or a drunkard, or a thief or a tavern keeper, or a palace or a prostitute; no, thank God! not one of them yet in all our settlement.

And this is why we have a right to grow up proud.

The boys hear stories that come up to them through the South

Pass, about their brethren being of no account in the States; that they aren't any of them asked to dinner parties, or called out at public meetings, or invited to lecture on chastity and French china, or give their opinions for publication on the right of intervention, and whether saltpetre will explode; and, on the contrary, are nearly everywhere insulted by hideaway newspaper writers, preached over by parsons, pointed at even by politicians, and, generally, are treated about as shabbily as the first Christians were by the last Jews.

But they—do they mind this any more than any other tales that are told? They whose lungs breathe a sky air darker blue than your Atlantic out of soundings, who point their deertracks hunting by mountain peaks that are never out of sight or naked of perpetual snow, who drink the ice-water of glacier cascades, and cut timber in passes and topple it down canyon chasms near three times as high as your

Niagara Falls, «r Trinity Church steeple?

Ask them is it better to hear the lark sing or the mouse squeak "Where the eye sees the spirit speeds!"

We have, if I am correct, the finest firmament for astronomical observations in the world.

It puzzles all computations of distance.

I have been told that newcome immigrants have been known, by paces measured, to shoot at deer a third of a mile off; and I am sure that if a man from the sea-board could alight from a balloon at my house in the afternoon, I could persuade him, after he had taken tea, to walk with me to West Mountain and back, though it is twenty-three miles off.

I remember the day we first raised the American flag on our big liberty pole, we found it could be seen from every part of Salt Lake county without a glass; where it seemed small as your head, the red stripes glowed as bright as on a piece of mint stick in your hand.

Think of it, how our boys'eyes fastened on it there, flaunting and flapping as if to dare the whole earth to spit at it, in our breezy southwest wind.

That's the way in highland atmospheres men learn to look at the rights they have.

I mean mountaineers, men that shoot with rifles, not shot guns, sir; be good enough to comprehend.

And one thing once for all, I may as well have distinctly understood: We Mormons ask no favors of any man.

We are no Helots here in our own republic. No taunting yet has made us reply to the accusations of our want of patriotism.

They

THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE.

say we are English; we are English this far, that we are no French Gumboes, to jabber on afterthe chip has been knocked off our hats.

I know my own right, too, to stand upon this soil.

My father's paternal grandfather, or luckie daddie, as he liked to call him, was from Scotland;

but the rest of my ancestors were New Englanders of the oldest stocks.

Two of them fought for independence in the revolution.

My brothers and myself, six footers all, with our own arms and axes have cleared the wood off more acres than we this day own.

I have worked hard for my living, now thirty odd years even on.

I owe no man a cent.

I have never dodged a tax collector.

I have stood up for my country in more ways than one, that I don't condescend to mention.

Also I have rer.d the Constitution of the United States, Article IV, Section 2, clause 1st.

And he that wants me to answer whether I am not as good an American as he is, shall step out like a man and insult me to my face."Verry menny seek knowledge, not so mutch for the truth az for the speculashun thar iz in \\.—Josh Billings.

The most trifling actions that affect a man's credit are to be regarded.

The sound of your hammer at five in the morning or nine at night, heard by a creditor, makes him easy six months longer; but if he sees you at a billiardtable, or hears your voice at a tavern, when you should be at work, he sends for his money the next day.

Franklin.

THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE.

The seven wonders of the world are considered to be the Pyramids of Egypt,

The Hanging Gardens at Babylon, The

Temple of Diana at Ephesus, The Statue of Jupiter at Athens, The Mausoleum, The Colossus, and the Pharos of Alexandria.

To these wonders of ancient times may be added the eighth wonder, finished in our day—The Brooklyn or East River Bridge.

This structure is certainly one of the mechanical wonders of the world, one of the greatest and most characteristic monuments of the nineteenth century; one that takes rank, as far as massiveness, durability, and refinement of mechanical skill are concerned, with the most gigantic productions of Rome or Greece.

Though for various reasons, chief among which may be mentioned its disregard for art which makes it a work of bare utility, it can not be said to be one of the noblest monuments of architecture in the world, yet it must be admitted that it is one of the greatest and most honorable works of engineering.

As long as forty years ago, the question of a bridge over East River was considered by thoughtful citizens of Brooklyn. Various plans were suggested, but did not obtain general favor with the public until Mr.

Julius W. Adams, an able and well-kndwn civil engineer, exhibited his plan at the annual fair of the American Institute, in 1865.

His plan differed somewhat from the plan adopted two years later, and upon which the bridge is now built.

In 1866, through the efforts of Mr. W.

C.

Kingsley and the Hon. Henry C. Murphy, both citizens of Brooklyn, public attention was again called to the building of a bridge, and the Hon. J. S. T. Stranahau, who is also a citizen of Brooklyn, was enlisted in the cause.

He has devoted his time and eminent abilities to this great work ever since.

It was the Hon. H.

C. Murphy that drew the bill authorizing the organization of a company, and he also who secured its adoption by the Legislature of New York, during the session of 1867.

During this same year, mainly through the efforts of General Slocum, who was then a representative in Congress from Brooklyn, Congress gave permission to have a bridge erected over the navigable waters of East River.

The charter incorporating the Bridge Company fixed

THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE.

the capital at five millions with discretionary power to increase.

The Common Council of New York subscribed one and a half million and that of Brooklyn three millions which were to be allowed the company, providing the remaining half million could be raised by private subscriptions. This was done, but Mr. Kingsley incurred a large liability in raising this amount.

The company was organized soon after the act of incorporation, and Mr. John A. Roebling was appointed engineer and immediately entered upon the labor of preparing plans for erecting the bridge and for fixing its proper locality.

Two years passed away, when in a board of engineers was appointed to report on the plans proposed.

After this board had visited the principal suspension bridges—Niagara and Cincinnati—they reported unanimously in favor of the plan of Mr.

Roebling which report was also agreed to by a delegation of engineers from the War Department of the

Government.

It is sad to relate that such an eminent and capable man as Mr,

Roebling should die when the work in which he threw his whole energy was little more than begun.

One day while engaged in fixing the line of the bridge and its location on the Brooklyn side he was so injured by the swaying of a ferryrack against a timber upon which he stood, that he died in a few days thereafter.

Upon his son devolved now the responsibility of the building of the bridge.

From all accounts it can well be said that Col. Roebling inherited all the characteristic qualities of his father;

and he has built the bridge to the satisfaction of the Trustees, notwithstanding he has been an invalid for upwards of ten years, as a consequence of his devotion to the work.

Considering this, there is a feeling of deep sympathy awakened in the heart when we read in the late telegrams, concerning the opening of the Bridge: "Col.

Roebling, the chief engineer, is feeling better, to-day, but is too weak to leave the house and share the ceremonies at the bridge."He was not forgotten, however, for we have it in the same telegram: "His house was decked with flowers and bunting;"and, "After the closing exercises on the bridge the

Presidential party drove down to his house and paid their respects to the great, but enfeebled engineer.

After the President's departure, a stream of prominent men pressed into the house, among whom were officers of the army and navy, clergy and distinguished visitors from abroad."

The labor of actual construction was commenced early in the year of 1870, and was continued in charge of the incorporated company until 1S75.

The bridge was then turned over to the public, or in other words to New York and Brooklyn.

The progress of the work was satisfactory, and the engineers were successful notwithstanding the difficult problems they had to solve from time to time as the work progressed.

Hon.

Stranahau attributes their success, first and mainly, to their eminent ability; and, secondly, to the fact that no change of the engineering force was made from the commencement of the work down to the time of its completion.

The names of the assistant engineers who have labored these many years under the direction of Mr.

Roebling are Martin, Paine, Collingwood, McNulty, Pobasco and Hibdenbrand.

The chief executive officer, both of the company and of the trustees, was the late Hon.

Henry C. Murphy, who, as we have seen, took such great interest in the work at its first conception.

He is now dead and Brooklyn should cherish with gratitude the memory of this distinguished citizen.- As years rolled by and the expenses of the bridge began to be seriously felt, a great deal of grumbling began to take place, among the people, and notably in the press.

Who does not remember, even within the last three or four years, how the comic papers as well as the newspapers ridiculed the bridge and its management, and rued the millions that were spent in it.

Possibly some of the readers of the Contributor remember the notable investigation of 1874, that the trustees were subjected to.

Besides the thousands of editorial columns that

THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE.

were written upon this subject, the testimony taken and the report of the committee, covered about one thousand pages of printed matter.

Here we refer again to the words of Hon. Stranahau which he gave at the banquet, not long since, of the New York Chamber of Commerce:

"It is pleasant to remember that no investigation ever showed that a dollar of funds had been misapplied.

I doubt whether any public work was ever conducted with greater economy or a more sacred regard to the general good.

There never was a dollar of jobbery in it from beginning to end."

This is something very remarkable considering the methods upon which most public affairs are conducted in -this country at the present time.

The total length of the bridge is five thousand nine hundred and eighty-nine feet of which the central span, between the towers, is one thousand five hundred and ninety-five feet six inches, the "land spans"from towers to the anchorages each nine hundred and thirty feet, the approach on the New York side one thousand five hundred and sixty-two feet six inches, and on the steeper Brooklyn side nine hundred and seventyone feet.

Thus it is not only a suspension bridge across a wide and deep river, but by means of enormous masonry arches it is continued high over the house tops until, at one end, it reaches the level of the City Hall Park in the centre of commercial New York and at the other end the heart of Brooklyn.

The entrance to the bridge is near the City Hall in New York.

About two thousand five hundred feet brings us to the tower on the New York side. Here the massive cables swing over the top of the tower to carry the weight of the bridge on one side and to find a resting place on the other under about sixty thousand tons of masonry.

The approach is gradual, but here we are above everything in the city, men and women in the street below have dwindled to pigmies and a desert of roofs, with steam and smoke, spreads out in all directions.

The floor of the bridge hangs one hundred and thirtyfive feet above high water mark enabling ships with tall masts to sail under it with ease.

The towers on either side rise two hundred and seventy-seven feet above the level of the shore, or as high as the dome of the Capitol at Washington.

Their foundations are buried in the ground seventy-eight feet below the surface, and the towers bid fair to outlast every structure of which they command a view.

Centuries or ages to come, may lay waste the two great sister cities which now represent the wealth and splendor of this continent, may rust into nothingness the twenty thousand slender filaments which compose the four webs of woven steel that hang the structure upon the towers, yet firm and unshaken as the Pyramids will these plain, but massive towers stand as monuments of the builders of our day.

Will the people of that day ask who built them?

Will they judge the architects of our civilization by them as we judge the builders of the Pyramids by their work, or the builders of Pompeii by the ruins of their city?

If so, they will think we were much behind them in design, for as stated before it was built as a bridge by practical Americans, not as a monument to speak, like the modeled masses of the tower of Amiens, of Strasburg or of Notre Dame.

But to continue the description.

The bridge is as wide as Broadway—eightyfive feet from side to side.

It is not merely a pathway for pedestrians.

It has five avenues—a wide one in the centre for pedestrians, a railway track on each side of this, and a carriage track on each side of the railway tracks.

The railway cars are run by means of an endless chain operated by a stationary engine in

Brooklyn. The actual cost of the bridge is about fifteen thousand dollars, this includes the land that is taken. On the 24th day of May, 1883, which, by the by is the birthday of Queen Victoria, the bridge was dedicated to the public, amid the booming of cannon, shouting, whistling of thousands of steamers and the plaudits of great masses of citizens.

People surrendered business for a day of sightseeing and celebration.

The streets and avenues, clear out into the suburbs were

MURDER WILL OUT.

decked with flowers and bunting and flags for the bridal feast of the two cities.

The public buildings, private houses, streetcars, wagons and trucks hoisted colors of all nations in honor of the event.

Even the iron-hearted speculator of Wall Street closed his doors upon his gilded wealth and found half a day to gaze upon the proceedings of the opening.

The President of the United States and officers of his Cabinet, the Governor of New York, senators and representatives from all parts of the country, and the mayors of both cities, were approving witnesses of the formal presentation which was done at about three o'clock by the president of the Board of Trustees.

Hon. Stranahau presided on the occasion.

After prayers, several speeches were delivered, music and salutes followed.

At night, a grand electric illumination took place; a fine exhibition of fireworks was also given.

The day following its opening as many as fifty thousand people crossed over the bridge.

Its seems a fitting close to this article to give a verse from a poem written for the occasion by Will Carleton, the celebrated "Farm Ballad"poet, and which he entitles: "The Wedding of the

Towns.""Let all the bells ring clear Let all of the flags be seen!

The King of the Western Hemisphere

Has married the Island Queen For many a day he waited By the lordly river's side, And deemed that the maid was fated

To be his own true bride For many a night he wooed her Upon her lofty throne, For many a year pursued her, To win her for his own.

in heart they well were mated And patiently and long They for each other waited These lovers true and strong.

Let never a flag be hidden Let never a bell be dumb!

The guests have all been bidden

The wedding-day has come Through many a golden year Shall shine this silvery tie The wondering world will gather here,

And gaze, with gleaming eye.

Philosophers will ponder.

How, blessed by the hand of Heaven,

The world has another wonder To add to her ancient seven.

Philanthropists will linger To view the giant span, And point, with grateful finger,

To man's great work for man;

And all will bless the year When, in the May-month green, The King of the Western Hemisphere

Was wed to the Island Queen."E. H. Anderson.

Talent and Tact.—Talent is power;

tact is skill.

Talent is weight;

tact is momentum.

Talent knows what to do;

tact knows how to do it.

Talent makes a man respectable;

tact will make him respected.

Talent is wealth;

tact is ready money.

For all the practical purposes of life, tact carries it against talent in the proportion of ten to one.

MURDER WILL OUT.

When I was nine years old, I was terrified to go to bed alone, I had heard so many tales of ghosts, and witches, that I was afraid even at that advanced age of boyhood to sleep alone.

My mother was a strong minded woman on every subject but one, and that was in the fear of spirits after death, and of their appearance to people who survived their decease.

In consequence, this subject was often brought up by neighbors who came to visit her, and I became a retentive auditor and stored my mind with these spiritual relations, that to this day cause me to keep a sharp lookout, in out-of-the-way places, for something supernatural.

Amono- the innumerable stories thus

MURDER WILL OUT.

told in my childhood, there was one I could never forget, which was related by a soldier's wife, and which I believe was quite authentic.

Her husband wa's a private in the Lanarkshire militia, and she was with the regiment as a laundress, in the seaport town of Dundalk, Ireland, in the year 1792, when this circumstance transpired.

In the above town there were two men who kept a store in partnership, doing an extensive business an all maritime articles, and they were thought by the public to have accumulated a great amount of wealth.

Suddenly one of them left, and no reason could be imagined for his. disappearance.

Sometime had transpired, and there being no prospects of his return, his wife demanded that a settlement be made of their affairs in stock and trade.

This was not done before in consequence of a report being circulated, that her husband had taken with him a large amount of money belonging to the firm, which the remaining partner had kept secret for the sake of his family.

However, he complied with the lady's desire, and an inventory was taken, that she might know her portion of the stock.

This was done so rapidly and the value of the proceeds was so small, that her friends who had been interested in the division of the property, thought something was wrong, not only in the smallness of the amount of goods, and the largeness of the firm's indebtedness; but the hurried way in which every thing was done by the partner, who had the property and stock in his possession, looked very suspicious. The lady whose grief was already extreme was still more grieved to know that her husband who was esteemed, not only to be wealthy but honest, having held a respectable position in society, should without any apparent cause so suddenly leave, his worth reduced to an insignificant amount, compared with what it should be in view of his economical way of living, and the vast amount of business done as a ship storing merchant.

A short time after the settlement, the heart sick, and desolate lady lay in her sleepless bed thinking over her bereavement, and the strange turn of her lost husband's affairs, when there he stood before her, seemingly bathed in blood So real was the apparition that for a moment she thought he had returned to his home.

Stretching out her hand she accosted him by name, and was in the act of rising from her couch, when he waved his hand to her, and said he was no more of this world, and that he had been permitted to appear, and reveal to her the mystery of his disappearance.

He informed her, that he and his partner had gone out on a pleasure sailboat, and that the latter struck him down with a hatchet, tied a sack with a large stone in it to his body, and threw him into the sea.

Her husband commanded her that she should go directly and inform the magistrates of this crime, and have the murderer apprehended, not only for his murder, but for swindling her out of his property.

At this point of the spectres relation, the lady fainted, and when she had come to her senses the spirit was gone.

The day following she went as the spirit had told her to the magistrate.

When he heard the relation, looking upon it as a delusion, he said he could do nothing in the matter, as there were no witnesses to prove what she had told him.

Sorrowful, and disappointed she returned to her home, and when night again invited her to a weary sleepless couch, through vexation, and the nameless trepidation of a spiritual visitation, she lay down wide awake, when, lo!

as she expected, her husband again appeared, and spoke to her in soothing encouraging language bidding her not to be afraid and telling her, as if he knew what the magistrate had said, in respect to having no witnesses to verify the truth that he had been murdered, that he would appear himself in person, at twelve o'clock on the morrow at the levee of the new dock—telling her to describe his wounds, which he showed her, and his appearance as she saw him on both nights.

As directed, the lady again called on the magistrate, and told him the request of the spectre.

Still unbelieving, the offi-

BENEFICENCE AND GRATITUDE.

cial ordered a warrant for the apprehension of the accused partner. Early in the day the town of Dundalk was well informed of this wonderful affair, namely, that a dead man would appear as a witness against the murderer of himself!

Thousands of people turned out on the levee, some laughing at the credulity of the story as a spirit hoax, others less infidel, and others firmly believing in the truthfulness of the revelation waited in patience, expecting to see a personage of the other world.

To the surprise of the multitude, just as the sun was at the meridian, there the dead body of the lost man floated into the new harbor, his skull cloven, as before told. The authorities present thought the fact most damning,as no person could have brought the body to land precisely at the appointed hour, as it was seen borne by the waves when far out on the water, before the time specified it would arrive.

The person taken on suspicion that morning, when he heard of this wonderful appearance and discovery, seen by thousands, so corroborative of his guilt, confessed his crime, and also to robbing his partner's widow, upon which confession he was brought before the lords of the justiciary, condemned and afterwards executed at the new dock.

The place to this day is called the hangman's harbor.

The person who told me this story was a spectator on the quay and saw the body float into the harbor.

John lyon.

If you have great talents, industry will improve them;

if moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiencies.

Nothing is denied to well-directed labor;

nothing is ever to be attained without it.

—Sir Joshua Reynolds.

Double Waste.—Diogenes being presented at a feast with a large goblet of wine, threw it on the ground.

When blamed for wasting so much good liquor, he answered:

"Had I drank it there would have been double waste;

I as well as the wine would have been lost."

BENEFICENCE AND GRATITUDE.

A RUSSIAN LEGEND.

'Twas long before this rolling world its cycles had of change.

Its grand dimensions gaseous then, its orb of startling range, It swept afar in depths of space amid the silent stars,

Where planets mark their giant course, and naught their order jars.

'Mid azure depths the prescient eve, met orbs in every stage,

The roar and crash of fiercest flame on element did rage;

The granite ran, and gold was fused, then hid and formed a base,

In cycles cooling 'mid the mists, then verdures wondrous grace.

'Twas thus foundations deep were laid, and coal fields grew apace,

Through every change was stern intent, providing for our race;

As each creative act was closed, and progress told its tale, 'Twas but a record—present, -past, or future's grander scale.

Another globe hath passed its birth, and in fruition swings,

And one declines as age creeps on, and death its signal rings;

Again, through fire another tells, baptism hath purged its stain,

And resurrection gives that change, decreed before its pain.

This speeds away, celestial law, its orbit makes and gives, Obedient to its central sun, where God the Father lives;

He fills this with His faithful ones, His nobles once of earth,

He gives them heaven, He makes them Gods, a new and higher birth.

BENEFICENCE AND GRATITUDE.

But not of earth's the theme to-day, or of their kindred stars,

Or of "the musie of the spheres,"their notes or mighty bars,

Their tones may thrill a loftier bard, whose wing hath wider reach,

One from the schools eternal, where the ancient masters teach.

A legend of the northern lands inspires the willing muse,

From whence it came, or how it spread, old earth hath not the news;

But secrets come to minds attuned, and point a moral strong,

And doubtless all the worlds of space can sense a present wrong.

Man's sad experience echoes now, upon this fallen world, That where intelligence is felt, and truth's flag is unfurled, There all degrees, and passing phase, devotion doth imply;

In some the virtues blend in one, or at a tangent fly.

Thus to the legend we return, no sacrilege is meant, No sacred thing or name is used, with thoughtless, wild intent;

Perchance a truth is here portrayed, a lesson men may learn,

And to it in each field of life the swelling thoughts may turn.

'Tis said the banquet hall was filled with all the courtly guests,

Who in the light of heaven, are found to fill its high behests;

The Lord had summoned all His train, His high and noted ones,

Archangel, seraphim, and hosts of angels and of sons.

Among the invited, welcomed, were the virtues great and small,

Each clad in raiment as 'twas fit, the stateliest of them all;

"How beautiful,"was said at once, and loud the echoes sped,

Along the corridors of gold and pillared arch o'erhead.

The moments passed with bliss intense (if heaven hy moments count), Before the tables set with food and wine from crystal fount;

The minor virtues most admired, for beaming from each eye,

Were all the softer graces which above will never die.

Yet suddenly, as if surprised, the giver of the feast,

Who not alone His highest marks, but bends toward the least;

Had noted two, who strangers seemed, to each appeared unknown,

Though surely they forever dwelt close by the Ruler's throne.

With condescension, see, their Lord advancing with his train,

To introduce the stranger guests and cordial make the twain, "Beneficence,"He said, "Allow me here to make acquaint

Your soulful self, with 'Gratitude,'she should be found a saint.

'Tis said the virtues coldly stared, then bowed with frigid grace,

They strangers were, and so remained, to form as well as face,

This was the first time they had met, it was the last, 'tis said, And e'er remains Beneficence by Gratitude unfed.

Within this northern legend find, a dire, a mortal sin,

Do good to man, and far too oft, the enemy comes in;

And then resolve declares, "No more will

I the needy seek,"An unappreciative soul dwells there, a mortal weak!

But in those halls divine, 'tis thought, with better, purer light,

Each soul will find at last a love, for love, and truth, and right,

And if the banquet was not marred, if Father kept his guest, Down on this fallen earth of ours, 'tis wisest as 'tis best, For all the good that's freely done, a rich reward will bring,

If not from those that blessed were, 'twill come from heaven's great King;

No cup of water, word of cheer, no dollar, dime, or cent,

But to the treasury above, on interest is lent.

H.

\V. N.usbitt.

COURAGE AND ENTHUSIASM.

COURAGE AND ENTHUSIASM.

The true and literal meaning of the word courage—like that of religion—is often mistaken and perverted. We have, unfortunately, so many instances of the latter's perversion, that it is quite unnecessary for me to name them;

but while we mourn and lament for the havock and evils caused by one, we cannot, for similar reasons, repress a sigh for the other.

History furnishes us with many examples of men, who are credited with great courage and valor, but whose actions, on examination, can frequently be traced to be the results of a perverted enthusiasm or an insane ambition.

This was the case of Alexander the Great, who, after he had conquered the world, not satisfied with being one of the greatest robbers and murderers that ever lived, wept because there was not another to conquer.

Napoleon has been referred to as a great and courageous man, yet we are informed he waded in blood to the throne of France.

Julius Caesar's excessive ambition, uncontrollable vanity, which has been mistaken for courage, finally caused his assassination;

and many examples might be cited, if necessary, to show the deplorable consequences of perverted ambition.

Excesses and extremes in courage—as in all other things—should be avoided.

"There is a 'mean'in all things,"says the proverb.

Even virtue itself hath its stated limits, which, not being strictly observed, it ceases to be a virtue, and he who allows his impulses to usurp his reason, and whose courage urges an insane enthusiasm or reckless bravery, needs be denounced with as much vengeance as the meanest coward.

Physical courage is not my theme, but moral courage is essential to every noble and virtuous pursuit, in which men are engaged, and when guided by reason, and influenced by judgment, it is of incalculable service in all the avocations of life.

Every noble and beautiful life will be found to have in it the power of a brave courage.

So numerous are the seductive vices and temptations to an inglorious ease on one hand, and so bitter the jealousies of a begrudging envy on the other, that every path of earnest life, in pursuit of duty, will be found a difficult one, and in such a course, fear will faint and lose; courage will fight and win, it will battle heroically against the native love of ease, and overcome every obstacle which stands in the way of progress and advancement.

Moral courage consists in serving the right, and never succumbing to mere might;

it consists in unflinching resistance to the temptations of the popular and the profitable, the easy or the expedient, if principle is to be sacrificed, or the shrine of truth to be desecrated.

Moral courage is, for the most part, no sudden attainment; it needs to be wisely cultivated and exercised, and should be practiced with steadfastness and firmness, and it may then become the habit of our lives, and like all other habits, good or bad, become a second nature.

The continuous conflict with those temptations which beset us from time to time, not only brings experience, but nerves the heart, and renders victory easier in time to come.

The feeling that we have not moral courage sufficient to deny our own dominant desires, or to face our opponents ridicule, will—even if not made public—rankle in our own hearts, and we shall, even if we do not lose the respect of others, cease to respect ourselves.

If a man knows a thingis wrong, and yet does it, one-half his days are spent in vain regrets for the wrong he does and the mistakes he makes in the other half, and yet his evil deeds are no sooner repented than repeated, and his errors committed again and again in the face of many bitter experiences, with a spirit of self-sufficiency or wantonness.

A very great portion of the evil and mischief done in society and in the world, is committed under the consoling sense of irresponsibility.

It is indeed melancholy to reflect how even

COURAGE AND ENTHUSIASM.

intelligent men and women endeavor to cheat their own consciences, and quiet the "still small voice"of wisdom in their hearts, with confessions of failure, for which they hold themselves hardly accountable, and plead inability to resist some impulse to an evil deed, or the neglect of duty.

True, moral courage is not confined to any class, or any age;

it shines with equal splendor in a beggar and in a king.

The meekest and lowliest of us have opportunities to manifest and exercise our courage to advantage.

We want brave men, courageous men in every department of duty, and all the success worth the endeavor to attain and likely to produce any permanent satisfaction when attained, must be sought and won under the inspiration of a lofty moral courage.

When a man is lead by his feelings, he is always prone to go wrong.

When he fails in anything he attempts, of his own inner motive, in his own conscientiousness he must be the victim of moral weakness.

Failure to carry out a behest of the will, means that the power of self-control is deficient, and when he does wrong, the will of his carnal appetite, or purely animal propensity, is triumphant, for any attraction or influence outside the individual, must be dependent upon something inside his nature, for its power to exercise a constraining influence.

Except there be appetite, the sight of food creates loathing rather than desire.

It is in most instances but idle talk to say we are seduced by temptation.

The pretense is the refuge of weak minds, the essence of moral cowards.

Courage is scarcely demanded when at the end of life a man is about to lay down and die; if wanted, nature will provide it.

What we want true courage for, is to live, and it is for the want of true courage that we attribute half the vices of the age and half the misfortunes of life.

It is the social as well as the natural swamps of this world of which a great writer of the day speaks, when he says:

"God has given thee, thou sayest, an abiding place in the midst of pestilential swamps.

If thou hast courage to banish by persevering toil, the putrid waters, the swamps will change into fertile and beautiful fields, the deadly fever will depart, and thou wilt rejoice as a strong man, in thy health."There is the courage of saying no to any wrong or foolish proposal, and there is the courage of doing what is right.

An English writer says:

"We have got used to evil and folly, and owing to its frequent repetition we think it is nice perhaps, but we hesitated a little and did not like it at first."If young men had the courage to be true to themselves, Oh, what a different world this would be!

If girls had the courage not to do what they really do not like, and what they are over persuaded to do, ten million miseries would never happen. How vain and cowardly, and yet how often young people will pretend to have heard operas they have never heard, to be intimate with the "Dear Duchess"they have never seen, to give dinners which they cannot afford, to dress in a style for which they cannot pay, to assume manners they really do not like and which give them no satisfaction, and to make a pretense at religion, in striving to serve the world, and secure heaven at the same time, and those who do, generally make a miserable compromise, for they are not courageous enough to be good, simple, plain and true, and are not bold enough to be absolutely wicked.

These are persons with narrow conservative ideas and minds, who are very courageous if there is no danger.

They conform to the ways, and walk in the paths of the multitude, and dare not assert their own candid convictions much less to practice them, if they chance to be outside the groove which popular custom has marked out for them to follow.

The heroes of moral courage are not far to find, neither are they few;

and we should both brace the nerves of our own character, and also inspire imitation as well as admiration in others, if we contemplated the career antl character of those noble men and women who fill the role of departed heroes and heroines.

Nothing is hard to the brave, or "The

COURAGE AND ENTHUSIASM.

courageous have no difficulty,"was the motto of Lord Beaconsfield, a man who has given us one of the brightest examples of the power of courage that history has ever recorded, nothwithstanding his birth and position, and the endless difficulties he had to encounter, in spite of all, and in spite of every obstacle that was hurled in his path by his enemies, he plodded steadily on, and won his way through them all, and by dint of his untiring energies, and his marvelous courage, he waded through a sea of trouble, and climbed from the stool of an attorney's clerk to the very foot of the throne, and ruled the destinies of a great and mighty nation.

It has been justly and truly said of him, that his laudable ambition was never thwarted under the most trying circumstances; but from one of the most humble and lowly positions, by the aid of his unparalleled courage, he has made the wealthiest and the proudest aristocracy, that the world ever knew, to walk behind his back.

His death put a nation in mourning, for he was honored and respected by all, and he has left footprints in the sands that time can never efface.

Few persons are entirely destitute of courage, though some possess it to a far greater extent than others; but it is not so much a consideration how much a person may have, as the purpose for which—and the direction in which—it is used, that decides its value and its worth.

It is capable of being as mischievous and destructive, when used in a wrong channel, as it is of being beneficial when used in a right one.

Hence, we require great caution and discretion.

There is a work; there is a duty for every young man and every young woman to perform, who has one spark of courage within their nature;

it is a debt we owe to our Creator.

If we discharge it, we shall receive the reward, if we neglect it, we shall as surely receive the punishment, whether we like it or dislike it.

For the time will come, whether it be near or afar, when we shall have to give an account of the use we have made of the talents entrusted to our charge, and he who is craven enough to fear criticism, or to dread distraction, need not expect to reach the goal of his ambition,. for there is nothing worth having which a faint heart ever won.

Some pass half their time in making resolutions, and the other half in breaking them.

The fact is, a really strong will seldom resolves, it scarcely ever forms plans for amendment;

it simply acts or restrains action as the case may require.

- This is what we want, we should strive to be thorough in thought and in action.

Touching many things and grasping nothing firmly, is one of the most damaging mistakes young persons of what are called "good parts"seem prone to make. We should think of something and then do it, make up our minds, as an American writer very wisely remarked, "a farmer can never plough his field by turning it over in his mind."We must set to work and manifest our courage by reducing our theory to practice.

That "impulsive courage"which rises and falls like a barometer, is of very little use to its possessor.

While his excited nerves—which he mistakes for courage—are the rulers of'his actions, he then takes the first step to perpetuate some great deed, or achieve some noble object, but the first obstacle he encounters, cools his enthusiasm, and the second or third extinguishes the artificial fire completely.

There is also another courage equally useless as the impulsive, viz:

Imaginary courage, which consists chiefly in building castles without material and without foundation.

This kind of courage is the most ridiculous and absurd of any.

They are not content with what they are, and, lacking the patience to dig and to wait, the perseverance and diligence to acquire what they want,, they immediately fly off on the wings of their imagination, range through all desirable conditions, select one, and at orice sit down in an empire of greatness, such as has never yet been achieved.

Nature and fortune combined could not create such an asylum for fallen man as they at once create for. themselves.

Fancy soon obtains victory

PRINCE GOR TSCHAKOFF

over the soul, for it is vastly easier to sit down in an arm chair and dream themselves into statesmen and orators, rulers and movers of the world, than to put forth the exertions necessary to render them even tolerable in life.

Courage will, in the future, as it has in the past, always be conspicuous in the successful hero who enters the expansive fields of labor for the purpose of dethroning error, or establishing truth, whether it be scientific or religious.

Let us summon our moral courage in a noble pursuit, work at it with both hands, untiring energy and an earnest will, and then go "Onward, while a wrong remains

To be conquered by the right, While oppression lifts a finger To affront us by its might, While an error clouds the reason

Or a sorrow gnaws the heart, Or a slave awaits his freedom,

Action is the wise man's part."It is not an easy task to tame the propensities and passions which are inherent in us, and yet this is about our first duty, and in the use we make of those instrumentalities which a kind providence has placed within our reach, there is ample scope for the arduous exercise of moral courage.

Perhaps no more difficult work could be assigned us than the introspective care which is necessary in the sphere of our own inner life;

for in any failure in governing oneself, our courage becomes crippled, and our perseverance is shorn of its sweetest joy.

Self conquest is a stern duty to all who would be victors, and the conquest or triumph of the reasoning faculties and the judgment, over the impulses, emotions and appetites, is a conquest of the noblest kind, but self government and self control cannot be accomplished without courage, and although this is one of the first, yet it is also one of the most important lessons we have to learn.

There are indeed so many kinds of courage, that it would be impossible to put them all down in one essay;

they all depend, however, upon wisdom and faith, strength of mind and strength of heart, trust in oneself, rightly based upon trust in God.

A T.

3: Schofield.

A kind word never dies.

PRINCE GORTSCHAKOFF.

One of the three or four great minds that have exerted a paramount influence in the affairs of Europe for thirty years or more, belonged to Alexander

Michaelowitch Gortschakoff, late Chancellor of Russia, who died on the nth of March, at Baden.

What Bismark is to Germany, Prince Gortschakoff was for many years to Russia, and hence that vastly spread-out empire owes her position before the world- to-day, more to him than to any other man.

He was born July 16, 1798, and received his education at the Lyceum of Zarskoe-Setlo, founded by Catherine II.

There his course was very brilliant, and after leaving the place he continued to study.

Certain contributions of his to current literature attracted the attention of the then Russian Minister of Foreien

Affairs, who forthwith took him into the foreign office. Then he was only twentyfive years of age, and was sent as attache to important legations, appearing at the congresses of Laybach and Vienna as a member of the suite of M. de Nesselrode, the famous diplomatist.

In 1824 he was secretary of the Russian Legation in London, and afterward filled the positions, consecutively, of Russian Charge d'Affaires at Florence, member of the Russian Legation at Vienna, and Am- - bassador Extraordinary at Stuttgart. He was made a Privy Councillor and was raised to the rank of Lieutenant-General by the Emperor Nicholas.

He was chief in authority in behalf of

Russia at the negotiations which took place at Vienna immediately preceding the outbreak of the Crimean war.

Then

PRINCE GORTSCHAKOFF.

he was one of the two Russian plenipotentiaries at the conference at Vienna in

March, 1855, after the Emperor Nicholas'death, and where he displayed great tact and ability in maintaining the rights of Russia, but was ultimately obliged, though most reluctantly, to acquiesce in a restriction of Russia's naval power and military operations on the Black Sea.

After the terms of peace were definitely adjusted and the Treaty of Paris was signed in April, 1S56, Gortschakoff was appointed Minister of Foreign affairs in place of Count Nesselrode, who had retired.

In i860, in consequence of events occurring at • Naples, Gortschakoff addressed his celebrated circular to the powers of Europe, urging upon France and England their own principle of the independence of nations, and protesting against the interference of western powers with the internal policy of the Two Sicilies.

In 1S63, the Emperor, who had made him Vice-Chancellor in 1862, promoted him to the office of Chancellor of the

Empire.

In 1866, he succeeded in bringing about the separation of the Roman Catholic clergy of Poland from the Holy See.

It was by the efforts of Gortschakoff that a change was brought about in the policy of the Russian government, the substitution of mild and judicial measures of control for the old military despotism.

He busied himself chiefly with internal reforms, one of which, the emancipation of the serfs, he carried out in so prudent a manner that it produced no turbulence of a serious nature.

In 1871 he succeeded in obtaining from the great Western States a revision of the Treaty of Paris, to certain conditions of which, regarding the Black Sea, he had given such reluctant consent.

The demand for this revision created great excitement in Europe, but, with great tact and ability, Gortschakoff ultimately carried his point.

The Russo-Turkish war;

consequent upon the insurrection in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Bulgarian massacres, and the Turco-Servian war, again brought Russia and Gortschakoff.prominently before the world a few years ago.

A general European war was expected to result from the complications of the time, and it was greatly due to Gortschakoff that this calamity was averted.

He accompanied the Emperor to the front, and there closely watched the interests, sympathies and tendencies of all parties, and acted accordingly.

On peace being concluded, he gave ample evidence in his reply to the circular of Great Britain on the San Stephano Treaty that he had through age lost none of his great ability as a diplomatist.

On his retirement last year, the Emperor testified, by a special rescript to the character of his services, in which he acknowledged "the glorious and splendid services which had gained for him the respect and gratitude of his countrymen, and had graven his name indelibly on the pages of Russian history."Unlike certain other great leaders of state in Europe, Prince Gortschakoff warmly favored the Union cause during the late war, and witnessed to his sentiment in a circular, by these words:

"The North American Republic not only presents itself to us as an indispensable element of the international balance of power, but, besides that, it is a nation toward which our most august

Emperor and the whole of Russia have always had a most friendly disposition, because both countries are in the ascendant period of their development, and seem called to a natural unity of interests and sympathies, proofs of which have already been given on both sides."Selected.

Farm Life—1786 vs.

186S.—At a meeting of the New York Farmers'Club, in 1868, one of the members read the following, the first lines having been written by Dr. Franklin:

1786.

Farmer at the plow, Wife milking cow, Daughter spinning yarn, Son threshing in the barn, All happy to a charm.

1868.

Farmer gone to see the show, Daughter at the piano, Madam gaily dressed in satin, All the boys learning Latin, With a mortjrasje on the farm,

THE CARPENTER'S TRADE.

THE CARPENTER'S TRADE.

A great change has come over the carpenter's business during the last fifty years.

Formerly carpenters made almost everything of which the material was common wood, from a clothes-peg to a kilchen-table, from a cow-shed to a church;

and whatever they made they also mended.

I can myself remember taking my sled, Antelope, to a village carpenter for repairs, and discovered him in his shop making a coffin.

It was something of a shock, and I was quite abashed at the idea of interrupting him for so trifling a job.

At present coffins, like much other wooden merchandise, are not made;

they are turned out by machinery.

In the same way doors of all kinds and sizes are manufactured, from cellar doors of pine to parlor doors of rosewood and mahogany; sash also, blinds, stairs, mouldings and many other things.

There are large villages which are chiefly supported by some special manufacture of wood.

There is one in Maine where they make boys'sleds in incredible numbers and of excellent quality. A boy now gets a better sled for a dollar than could be had forty years ago for three dollars.

A carpenter told me, a few days ago, that he occasionally buys the doors of a house for less money than he could buy the rough boards of which they are made.

Well-made doors, too, and thoroughly seasoned!

I have myself, at Winchendon, Mass., a wonderful town for wooden manufactures, seen clothes-pegs made at a cost of thirteen pegs for one cent, and a pretty good pail for eleven cents.

At present, then, the business of a carpenter is to combine into some desired form or object a number of articles which he buys ready made to his hand.

In a new sense of the word, he is a 'joiner."Nevertheless the foundation of success in carpentry is skill in the use of the old-fashioned tools. A builder must be able to make a door or a sash, and make it well, even if he never has to make one.

Boys may rely upon it that with all the help carpenters get from machinery, it requires more skill and judgment to be a good carpenter than it did when he had to do everything with his own hands.

If he only has to stand and direct the operation of a machine, he cannot be himself a machine, and the constant observation of a complicated piece of mechanism tends to elevate and educate him.

I saw the other day a machine which planed both sides of a board, grooved one edge and matched the other, all in one operation, in twenty seconds.

By a little extra pressure, two men could pass through that machine two thousand boards in ten hours.

In other words, two men and the machine are doing the work of four hundred skilled mechanics, and they appeared to be merely pushing a board along and pulling it out at the other side, without care or thought.

If you watch them do this for half an hour, you will discover that they have charge of an exquisite and sensitive piece of machinery, which has to be continually watched and frequently readjusted.

They must be men of judgment and intelligence.

"Snug, the joiner,"of Shakspeare's comedy, with his comic and gross stupidity, could not work such a machine ten minutes without bringing himself or it to disaster.

Indeed, boys, the reign of stupidity in every sphere of human activity is drawing to a close, and the lad who means to be anything or do anything effective in life must prepare to use his head as well as his hands.

He must live and work up to the noble machinery which he will be expected to handle and direct.

I asked an excellent carpenter, a few days ago, what was the chief quality a boy must possess in order to become a good workman.

He answered without an instant;s hesitation,—"aptitude.""But,"said I, "how can you or the boy himself tell whether he has aptitude or not?""Well,"said he, after duly scratching his wig, "one of the first things a boy

THE CARPENTER'S TRADE.

wants to do, who has in him the making of a good carpenter, is to hammer, whittle, saw and chop. He likes to watch men who are at work with tools, and he has a good deal of curiosity about the tools themselves.

By the time he is twelve years of age, unless all his native sense and ingenuity have been schooled out of him, he will make a very good dog-house, bird-cage and rabbit-trap;

put up a very respectable shelf for his mother in the storeroom, and knock together a pretty good shed or summerhouse for his sisters in the garden.

He has a sort of relish for work and tools."Such is the boy for a carpenter.

The advantages of carpentry are so obvious, and some slight degree of skill in it is so easily acquired, that it continually attracts the wrong boys as well as the right ones.

In these days of sharp competition, the man thrives best who can do things which few can do, or can do common things in a superior way.

If, therefore, you do not perceive in yourself any signs of "aptitude"for the carpenter's trade;

if you have no "relish"for good work and ingenious tools;

if you have not something of the mechanic's peculiar patience, or power of keeping on without fret or worry, it is better to avoid the bench and try something which does not require these qualities.

Let us suppose, however, that, after proper consideration, you have made up your mind to be a carpenter.

How are you to get into the trade?

A boy now, in a country place, on coming out of school at sixteen years of age, gets into carpentering in a very simple way.

He stops at a carpenter's shop and says, perhaps to the master,—"I have worked with carpenter's tools a little. My cousin is a carpenter, and I have been round his shop a good deal.

Can you give me a job?"If it is a busy time, and the master wants hands, he will try him for a day;

"feel of him,"as a carpenter expressed it, "to find out what he is made of."He will set the lad to helping a man to make a picket-fence, one operation of which is digging post holes.

Often, the first hole the boy digs decides his fate.

If he has "gumption,"the hole will have two qualities that wins respect.

First, it will be straight;

secondly, the minimum of earth will be displaced in digging it.

An unhandy boy will throw out four times the amount of dirt necessary; he will scatter the dirt all around, and, after all, the post will not stand upright in the hole.

The boy that digs his first post hole in that way is very likely to be told at the close of the day, that he is not wanted the next day.

He may be set to nailing on pickets, a very simple matter; only they must be put on straight, just so far apart, and just so high. A careful boy, after nailing on six pickets under the eye of an experienced man, will make no more mistakes.

He will soon learn to do easy work with certainty and rapidity.

His merits will at once attract attention, because steadiness and patience are among the rarest qualities shown by boys of sixteen or seventeen; and what an employer most wants is men who can be trusted to carry on a piece of work without superintendence.

I heard a carpenter say recently,—"If a young fellow asks me for a job, I look him over first of all, and if I like his looks, I mark two or three boards, give him a saw, and tell him to saw them off.

If he saws straight I begin to think there's something in him, and so I do even if I only see that he tries hard to saw straight, though he may not hit it.

Everything in our trade is done by trying.

When I see a boy can try, I feel to give him a chance."If a young man proves capable of doing the easy work of a carpenter, such as nailing the rough boards on the side of a house, he can earn at once one dollar and twenty-five cents a day, which he can increase to one dollar and fifty cents by the time he has been at work six months.

I am speaking now of average country places, not of large cities like New York and Boston.

In the course of two or three years, a wideawake young man, handy with tools, and always trying his best, can earn the highest wages ordinarily paid to a journeyman carpenter, two dollars and

3-P THE CARPENTER'S TRADE.

fifty cents a day.

When he is competent to be a foreman, and take entire charge of an important piece of work requiring several hands, he may receive from three to four dollars a day, though the latter rate is not common except in cities.

You will often hear carpenters say that the old system of long apprenticeships produce better workmen than the one which I have just briefly described.

Facts do not bear out their assertion.

The carpenters sent over by the British

Government to examine and describe the carpentry exhibited at the Paris Exposition of 1867, reported that the French carpenters, who serve long apprenticeships, are among the worst in Europe, and that American carpentry ranks with the very best in the world.

They mentioned with particular praise the construction of a model cottage sent over from America, and the wooden work on the locomotive engines exhibited by Americans.

I have often myself on a long journey inspected with lively admiration the beautiful work of a sleeping-car, and the wise construction of the light wooden bridges. We may be very sure that the men who plan such work spent their precious fifteenth and sixteenth years at school, not in a shop, bullied by their elders and wasting their time in servile employments.

What does carpentry lead to?

This is a very interesting question to ambitious youth, who naturally and properly look forward to a fair advancement in life, and wish to spend the evening of their days in peace and dignity.

In country towns the most natural issue of carpentry is building and architecture.

I know myself a boy who was deliberately placed in a carpenter's shop by his parents as a step towards the profession of architecture, and after working three or four years at plain carpentry (with lessons in drawing) he established himself as an architect in a south-western city.

He there formed a partnership with a builder, and they soon had their hands full of business.

Many carpenters have invented new tools, new methods, new devices, and thus made their way to a large business.

Others invest their savings (eking them out with some credit) in a set of machinery for making blinds, sash, doors, sleds, stair-rails or mouldings, and send the product of the same all over the country.

In New York, Boston and Philadelphia, there are men who began life at the workman's bench, and now have shops in which all such articles are manufactured on the greatest scale and with wonderful economy both of material and power.

There is such a shop in Boston, in which one hundred men, aided by a steam-engine ofsixty-horse power,manufacture as much carpenter-work as five thousand men could accomplish by the labor of their hands alone.

It is a museum of wonders.

On walking over it I was reminded of a remark made by

John Quincy Adams upon returning from a manufactory in Russia.

"I ought,"said he, "to visit a manufactory once a week in order to learn my own ignorance."It really takes your breath away to see the rapidity and certainty with which such operations as sawing, mortising, dove-tailing, grooving and polishing are done by the machines in this establishment, which I suppose Carlyle would call an explosion of all the carpentries.

If a carpenter in Salem or Concord has a contract to build a house, he sends to a shop like this for all his doors, sashes, blinds, rails, kitchen and bath-room fittings, which come to him, nicely packed, as freight, all thoroughly seasoned, both by natural and artificial processes. There are not many men in the world who can create, or even conduct, 'an establishment like this, because it requires a combination of faculties and talent such as are seldom found in the same individual.

But in many a quiet country place there are carpenters who take pleasure and pride in their work; who have built for themselves nice little houses, filled them with beautifully made furniture, and established a limited but sufficient business. These are among the most fortunate of mechanics and men.

They do not reckon their income in thousands, but their wants are few

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

and moderate; they take a holiday when they need one;

they bring up their children to be good citizens, and they have an inexhaustible satisfaction in doing their work in the best manner.

Youth's Companion.

True humility, the basis of the

Christian system, is the low, but deep and firm foundation of all real virtue.

Burke.

"Where were the Police?"—The following anecdote is a good illustration of the pathetic power of certain timehonored stories, and also of the tendency to put the ideas of the nineteenth century back into the fifteenth:

A little bright-eyed boy, upon hearing his father read the story of Joan of Arc, was greatly moved by her sad trials;

but when the part was reached where she was about to be burned to death at the stake, the poor little fellow could not contain himself any longer, but sobbingly clutched his parent's arm, and with big tears running down his plump little cheeks, cried:

"But, pa-papa, wh-e-re were the police?"SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

ELECTION AND REPROBATION.

Do you believe in election and reprobation?

To prevent the necessity of repeating a thousand times what may be said at once, we purpose to answer this oft-asked question in writing, so that the

Saints may learn doctrine, and all who will may understand that such election and reprobation as is taught in the Old and New Testaments, and other revelations from God, we fully believe, in connection with every other principle of righteousness; and we ask this favor of all into whose hands our answer may come, that they will not condemn until they have read it through, in the spirit of meekness and prayer.

The Lord (Jehovah) hath spoken through Isaiah (xlii, i) saying, "Behold my servant whom I uphold—mine elect in whom my soul delighteth;"evidently referring to the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, chosen, or elected by the Father, (i Peter, i, 20) "Who verily was fore-ordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, who by him do believe in

God to serve him in the redemption of the world, to be a covenant of the people (Isaiah xlii, 6) for a light to the Gentiles, and the glory of his people Israel, having ordained him to be the judge of the quick and the dead (Acts x, 42) that through him forgiveness of sins might be preached (Acts xiii, 3S) unto all who would be obedient unto his Gospel."(Mark xvi, 16, 17.) Every High Priest must be ordained (Heb.

v, 1), and if. Christ had not received ordination, he would not have had power to ordain others, as he did when he ordained the Twelve (Mark iii, 14) to take part in the ministry which he had received of his father:

also, (John xv, 16) "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, (Heb.

v, 4), for no man taketh this honor unto himself, but he that is called of God as was Aaron (v, 5).

So also Christ glorified not himself to b'e made an high priest, but he that said unto him, Thou art my Son, this day have

I begotten thee."No being can give that which he does not possess;

consequently, no man can confer the Priesthood on another, if he has not himself first received it; and the Priesthood is of such a nature that it is impossible to investigate the principles of election, reprobation, etc., without touching upon the Priesthood also;

and although some may say that Christ, as God, needed no ordination, having possessed it eternally;

yet Christ says, (Matt, xxviii, 18) "All power is given unto me in heaven and on earth;"which could not have been if he was in eternal possession, and in the previously quoted verse we discover that He that said unto him [i.e.

his

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

Father] glorified him to be made an High Priest, or ordained him to the work of creating the world and all things upon it, (Col.

i, 16)'"For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in the earth,"etc., and of redeeming the same from the fall, and to the judging of the quick and the dead, for the right of judging rests in the Priesthood, and it is through this medium that the Father hath committed all judgment unto the son (John v, 22), referring to his administration on earth.

It was necessary that Christ should receive the Priesthood to qualify him to minister before his Father, unto the children of men, so as to redeem and save them.

Does it seem reasonable that any man should take it upon him to do a part of the same work, or to assist in the same Priesthood, who has not been called by the spirit of prophecy or revelation as was Aapon, and ordained accordingly?

And can it be expected that a man will be called by revelation who does not believe in revelation?

Or will any man submit to ordination for the fulfilment of a revelation or call, in which he hath no faith? We think not.

That we may learn still further that God calls or elects particular men to perform particular works, or on whom to confer special blessings, we read, (Isaiah xlv, 4) "For Jacob my servant's sake, and Israel mine elect, I have called thee (Cyrus) by thy name, to be a deliverer to my people

Israel, and to help to plant them on my holy mountain, (Isaiah lxv, 9, see context) for mine elect shall inherit it, and my servants shall dwell there, even on the mountains of Palestine, the land of Canaan which God had before promised to Abraham and his seed;"(Gen. xvii, 8) and the particular reason why Abraham was chosen or elected to be the father of this blessed nation, is clearly told by the Lord, (Gen.

xviii, 19) "For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment;

that the Lord may bring'upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him;"and this includes the general principle of election, i.e. that God chose, elected, or ordained Jesus Christ, His Son, to be the creator, governor, savior, and judge of the world; and Abraham to be the father of the faithful,on account of his foreknowledge of their obedience to his will and commandments, which agrees with the sayings in 2 Tim.

ii, 21, "If a man purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honor, sanctified and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work."Thus it appears that God has chosen or elected certain individuals to certain blessings, or to the performance of certain works; and that we may more fully understand the movements of the Supreme Governor of the universe, in the order of election, we proceed to quote the sacred writings, (Rom. viii, 29, 30) "For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren; moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called, and whom he called, them he also justified, and whom he justified, them he also glorified."And whom did He foreknow?

Those that loved Him, as we find in the 28th verse of the same chapter "For we know that all things shall work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose."Those whom He foreknew, for He foreknew that those who loved Him would do His will and work righteousness; and it is vain for men to say they love God, if they do not keep

His commandments.

Cain found it so when he presented an unrighteous offering, for God said unto him, (Gen. iv, 7) "If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted?"And yet he was not accepted.

"But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected; and hereby know we that we are in him"(1 John ii, 5), or, that we "are called according to his purpose."

But did not God foreknow all things and all men?

Surely;

"Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world"(Acts xv, iS).

But does that prove that all men would love

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

Him and keep His commandments, so that He would predestinate them unto eternal life?

Certainly not, for that would make God to foreknow things which were not to be, and to predestinate men to that unto which they could never attain.

(Matt, vii, 13) "For wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat."The principles of God's kingdom are perfect and harmonious, and the Scriptures of truth must also agree in all their parts, so that one sentiment thereof shall not destroy another, and when we read that, "whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate;"and that "known unto God are all his works;"so that it might appear from an abstract view thereof, that God foreknew all, and consequently predestinated all "to be conformed to the image of his Son;"we ought also to read, (Mark xvi, 16) "He that believeth not shall be damned,"and (John viii, 24), "If ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins;"also (Matt, xxv, 41), "Depart from me ye cursed, for I was an hungered and ye gave me no meat,"etc.

Paul referring to the Saints, (Roman i, 7), calls them beloved of God, called to be Saints; and says, (Rom.

viii, 1) "There is no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit,"and goes on to show in his epistle to the Romans, that the law (the law of carnal commandments given to the children of Israel, the covenant people,) could not make the comers thereunto perfect (see also Heb.

x, 1), but was given for a schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ (Gal.

iii, 24); so that when he had come and offered himself without spot unto God (Heb.

ix, 14), the sacrifice of the law should be done away in him, that the honest in heart all might come unto the perfect law of liberty (James i, 25);

or the Gospel of Christ, walking no longer after the flesh but after the spirit, and be of that number that love God and keep His commandments, that they might be called according to His purpose (Rom. viii 28); and these were the individuals referred to, whom God foreknew; such as Abel, Seth, Enoch, Noah,

Melchisedec, Abraham, Lot, Isaac, Jacob,

Joseph, Moses, Caleb, Joshua, the harlot

Rahab, who wrought righteousness by hiding the servants of God, when their lives were sought by their enemies, Gideon,

Barak, Sampson, Jeptha, David, Samuel, and the Prophets;

(Heb.

xi.) "Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, and turned to flight the armies of the aliens."These all died in faith, having kept the commandments of the

Most High, having obtained the promise of a glorious inheritance, and are waiting the fulfilment of the promise which they obtained; (Heb. xi, 40) "God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect."The Prophet Alma bears similar testimony to the other Prophets concerning election, in his 9th chapter, [Book ot Mormon] saying, "This is the manner after which they were ordained, being called and prepared from the foundation of the world, according to the foreknowledge of God, on account of their exceeding faith and good works, in the first place being left to choose good or evil; therefore they having chosen good, and exercising exceeding great faith, are called with a holy calling;

yea, with that holy calling, which was prepared with, and according to a preparatory redemption for such; and thus they have been called to this holy calling on account of their faith, while others would reject the Spirit of God on account of the hardness of their hearts andbluntness ol their minds, while, if it had not been for this, they might have had as great privilege as their brethren; or in fine, in the first place, they were on the same standing with their brethren.

Thus, this holy calling being prepared from the foundation of the world for such as would not harden their hearts, being in and through the atonement of the only

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE TROPHETS.

begotten Son, who was prepared, and thus being called by this holy calling, and ordained unto the high priesthood of the holy order of God, to teach His commandments unto the children of men, that they might also enter into His rest, this high priesthood being after the order of His Son, which order was from the foundation of the world, or, in other words, being without beginning of days or end of years, being prepared from eternity to all eternity, according to His foreknowledge of all things."(Rom.

ix, 11,12) "For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God, according to election, might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;

it was said unto her, the elder shall serve the younger."

As we have before shown why God chose

Abraham to be the father of the faithful, viz.: because He knew he would command his children and his household after him; so now we see, by this, why the purposes of God, according to election, should stand, and that for His oath's sake.

(Gen. xxii, 16, 17, 18) "By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore;

and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies, and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice."Here the Lord Jesus, coming through the seed of

Abraham, is again referred to, through whose sufferings and death, or in whom all the nations of the earth were to be blessed, or made alive, as they had died in Adam (1 Cor. xv, 22).

In this, election is made manifest, for God elected or chose the children of Israel to be His peculiar people, and to them belong the covenants and promises, and the blessings received by the Gentiles come through the covenants to Abraham and his seed;

for through the unbelief of the

Jews (Rom. xi, 17) they were broken off, and the Gentiles were grafted in;

but they stand by faith (Rom.

xi, 20), and not by the oath of election; therefore i* becometh them to fear lest they cease* quickly to bear fruit and be broken off (verse 21) that the Jews may be grafted in again;

for they shall be grafted in again (verse 23), if they abide not in unbelief.

The Gentiles became partakers of the blessings of election and promises, through faith and obedience, as Peter says, writing to the strangers scattered abroad (1 Peter, 1st chapter), who were the Gentiles, the "elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the spirit unto obedience;"(1 Peter xi, 9) for "ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people, that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into His marvelous light (verse 10J which in time past were not a people, but now are the people of God, which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy."Why were they a peculiar people? Because God had chosen that generation of Gentiles, and conferred on them the blessings which descended through the

Priesthood, and the covenants unto the house of Israel, or grafted them into the good olive tree (Rom.xi,i7); and thus the house of Israel became the ministers ot salvation to the Gentiles;

and this is what the house of Israel was elected unto, not only their own salvation, but through them salvation unto all others;

(John iv, 22) "For salvation is of the Jews,"(Rom. xi, 11) and "through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles."

Among the promised seed we find Jesus Christ neither last nor least, but the great High Priest and head of all, who was chosen to lay down his life for the redemption of the world, for without the shedding of blood there could be no remission of sins (Heb. ix, 22).

(Deut. vii, 6, 7, 8, 9) Moses bears a similar testimony with Peter and Paul to the principles of election—"For thou art an holy people unco the Lord thy God; the Lord thy

God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in number than any people, for ye were the fewest of all people; but because the

Lord loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the Lord brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh, king of

Egypt.

Know therefore, that the Lord thy God, he is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations,"which proves the long continuance of the blessings of this highly favored people.

And the Lord said unto her, Rebecca, (Gen. xxv, 23) "The elder shall serve the younger."And why?

Because that Isaac, the father of Esau and Jacob, the husband of Rebecca, and the son of promise to Abraham, was the heir; and as

Esau was the elder son of his father Isaac, he had a legal claim to the heirship; but through unbelief, hardness of heart, and hunger, he sold his birthright to his younger brother Jacob (Gen. xxv, 33); and God knowing beforehand that he would do this of his own free will and choice, or acting upon that agency which God has delegated to all men, said to his mother, "The elder shall serve the younger;"for as the elder son Esau, had sold his birthright, and'by that means lost all claim to the blessings promised to Abraham, those blessings and promises must have failed, if they had not descended with the purchased birthright, unto the younger son, Jacob, for there was no other heir in Israel's family; and if those blessings had failed, the purposes of God according to election must have failed in relation to the posterity of Israel,. and the oath of Jehovah would have been broken, which could not be though heaven and earth were to pass away.

(Rom. ix, 13) "As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated."Where is it written? Mai.

i, 1, 2.

When was it written?

About three hundred and ninety-seven years before Christ, and Esau and Jacob were born about one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three years before Christ, (according to the computation of time in.Scripture margin,) so Esau and Jacob lived about one thousand three hundred and seventy-six years before the Lord spoke by Malachi, saying, "Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated,"as quoted by Paul.

This text is often brought forward to prove that God loved Jacob and hated Esau before they- were born, or before they had done good or evil; but if God did love one and hate the other before they had done good or evil, He has not seen fit to tell us of it, neither in the Old or New Testament, or any other revelation;

but this only we learn that one thousand three hundred and seventy- six years after Esau and Jacob were born, God said by Malachi—"Jacob have I loved and Esau have I hated;"and surely that was time sufficient to prove their works, and ascertain whether they were worthy to be loved or hated.

And why did He love the one and hate the other?

For the same reason that He accepted the offering of Abel and rejected Cain's offering, because Jacob's works had been righteous, and Esau's wicked, and where is there a righteous father who would not do the same thing?

Who would not love an affectionate and obedient son more than one who was disobedient, and sought to injure him and overthrow the order of his house?

Objection:

But God seeth not as man seeth, and He is no respecter of persons.

(Acts x, 34.) True, but what saith the next verse, "He that feareth God and zvorketh righteousness is accepted of him,"but it does not say that he that worketh wickedness is accepted, and this is a proof that God has respect to the actions of persons;

and if He did not, why should He command obedience to His law?

For if He had no respect to the actions of men, He would be just as well pleased with a wicked man for breaking

His law as a righteous man for keeping it; and if Cain had done well, he would have been accepted as well as Abel (Gen. iv, 7), and Esau as well as Jacob, which proves God does not respect per-

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

sons, only in relation to their acts, (See Matt, xxv, to the end) "Come ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world; for

I was an hungered and ye gave me meat,"etc.; and because that God blessed Abel and Jacob, this would not have hindered His blessing

Cain and Esau, if their works had been righteous like unto their brethren;

so God's choosing one nation to blessing does not doom another to cursing or make them reprobate, according to the reprobation of God, as some suppose;

"But by resisting the truth"(2 Tim.

iii, 8); and are "abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate"(Titus i, 16); consequently, are not fit subjects for the blessings of election.

Rom. ix, 15, "For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion."(See Exod.

xxxiii, to 19) "My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest, for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name, and I will make all my goodness to pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the

Lord before thee, and I will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy."(Rom.

ix, 16) "So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that showeth mercy;"having His eye at the same time directed towards his covenant people in Egyptian bondage.

For the Scripture saith unto Pharaoh (Exodus ix, 16, 17), "And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up, for to shew in thee my power, and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth.

As yet exaltest thou thyself against my people, that thou wilt not let them go?"

God had promised to bring the house of Israel up out of the land of Egypt at

His own appointed time;

and with a mighty hand and an outstretched arm, and great terribleness (Deut. xxvi, 8).

He chose to do this thing that His power might be known, and His name declared throughout all the earth, so that all nations might have the God of heaven in remembrance, and reverence His holy name;

and to accomplish this it was needful that He should meet with opposition to give Him an opportunity to manifest His power;

therefore He raised up a man, even Pharaoh, who, He foreknew, would harden his heart against

God, of his own free will and choice, and would withstand the Almighty in His attempt to deliver His chosen people, and that to the utmost of his ability;

and he proved himself worthy of the choice, for he left no means unimproved which his wicked heart could devise to vex the sons of Abraham, and defeat the purposes of the Most High, which gave the God of Abraham an opportunity to magnify His name in the ears of the nations, and in sight of this wicked king, by many mighty signs and wonders, sometimes even to the convincing the wicked king of his wickedness, and of the power of God, (Exod. viii, 28, etc.) and yet he would continue to rebel and hold the Israelites in bondage;

and this is what is meant by God hardening Pharaoh's heart.

He manifested Himself in so many glorious and mighty ways, that Pharaoh could not resist the truth without becoming harder; so that, at the last, in his madness, to stay the people of God, he rushed into the Red

Sea, with all his host, and was covered with the floods.

Had not the power of God been exerted in a remarkable manner, it would seem as though the house of Israel must have become extinct, for Pharaoh commanded the midwives to destroy the sons of the Israelitish women as soon as they were born (Exod.

1, 15, 16), and called them to account for saving the men children alive,, (verse iS) and charged all his people saying, "Every son that is born, ye shall cast into the river,"(verse 22) and yet God would have mercy on whom He would have mercy (Rom. ix, iS);

for He would have mercy on the goodly child, Moses, when he was hid and laid in the flags (Exod. xi, 3) by his mother, to save him from Pharaoh's cruel order, and caused that he should be preserved as a Prophet and deliverer to lead his people up to

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

their own country; and whom He would

He hardened, for He hardened Pharaoh by passing before him in mighty power and withdrawing His spirit, and leaving him to his own wicked inclination, for he had set taskmasters over the Israelites to afflict them with their burdens, and caused them to build treasure cities for Pharaoh, and made them to serve with rigour; and made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in mortar and brick, and all manner of service in the field (Exod.

first chapter);

besides destroying the men children; thus proving to the God of heaven and all men that he had hardened his own hard heart, until he became a vessel of wrath fitted for destruction (Rom.

ix, 22);

all this long before God said unto Moses, "I will harden his (Pharaoh's) heart.

(Exodus iv, 21).

Are men, then, to be saved by works?

Nay, verily!

"By grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God"(Eph.

ii, 8); "Not of works, lest any man should boast"(verse 9); "Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to His mercy He saved us"(Titus iii, 5), and yet faith without works is dead;

being alone (James ii, 17).

Was not Abraham our father justified by works?

(verse 21), Shall we then be saved by faith?

Nay, neither by faith nor works but by works is faith made perfect (verse 22); but "by grace are ye saved"(Eph.

ii, 8);

"And if by grace, then it is no more of works, otherwise grace is no more grace; and if it be of works, then it is no more grace, otherwise works is no more works"(Rom.

xi, 6); "Ye see then how that a man is justified by works, and not by faith only"(James ii, 24).

Rom. x, 3, 4.

"For they (Israel) being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God;

for Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth."Thus the righteousness of God is made manifest in the plan of salvation by His crucified Son; "For there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved"but by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth (Acts iv, 10, 12); but of this the Jews were ignorant, although they themselves crucified him;

and they have been going about, wandering among all the nations of the earth ever since, for the space of one thousand eight hundred years, trying to establish their own righteousness, which is of the law ot Moses, which law can never make the comers thereunto perfect (Heb.

x, 1);

yet notwithstanding their darkness and long dispersion, there is a remnant, according to the election of grace (Ron.

xi.

5); whom God will gather from among all people whither they are scattered, and will be sanctified in them in the sight of the heathen;

then shall they dwell in their land which God gave to His servant Jacob, and they shall dwell safely therein, and shall build houses and plant vineyards; "Yea they shall dwell with confidence when

I have executed judgments on all those that despise them round about;

and they shall know that I am the Lord their God"(Ezek.

xxviii, 25, 26;

Is.

xi, 11 to 16);

and when this gathering shall be completed, "It shall no more be said, the Lord liveth that brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt, but ihe Lord liveth that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north, and from all lands whither he had driven them, and I will bring them again unto this land which I gave unto their fathers,"(Jer. xvi, 14 to the end).

Rom. xi, 7.

"What then?

Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for, but the election hath obtained it."And why have they not obtained it?

Because they sought it not by faith, but it was by the works of the law, for they stumbled at that stumbling stone;

as it is written, "Behold I lay in Zion a stumbling stone and rock of offence"(Rom.

ix, 32, 2>?))', "to both the houses of Israel, and for a gin and for a snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and many of them shall stumble"(Isaiah viii, 14, 15);

but "have they stumbled that they

SUMMER VACATION.

should fall?

God forbid;

but rather through their fall, salvation is come unto the Gentiles"(Rom. xi, n).

"And Jerusalem shall be trodden down by the

Gentiles until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled"(Luke xxi, 24); and when the house of Israel shall be restored to their possessions in Canaan, it may truly be said, the election hath obtained it; for the fulfilment of God's oath of election to Abraham, as the father of the faithful, and the promises to his children, will obtain that for Israel, which he has sought for in vain by the law of Moses.

This is the election that we believe in, viz., such as we find in Prophets and Apostles, and the word of the Lord Himself, and as we have not room to give all the quotations in full, relating to election, in this epistle, we would invite the Saints to examine the Scriptures, in connection with these quoted;

and whenever they find election, or any other principle or blessing, given or applied to the house of Israel, let those principles continue with the house of Israel, and not apply that to Esau which belongs to Jacob, or to the churches of modern times which belongs to the ancient covenant people;

and always ascertain how the Lord, the Apostles and Prophets have applied their zvords, and ever continue the same application, and wisdom and knowledge will be added unto you;

and in the words of the beloved Peter and Paul, we would exhort you to "work out your own salvation with fear and trembling, for it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure"(Phil, ii, 12, 13); "Giving all diligence to make your calling and election sure"(2 Peter i, 10);

for this is that sealing power spoken of in Ephesians i, 13, 14—"In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth;

the gospel of your salvation, in whom also, after that ye believed ye were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance, until the redemption of the purchased possession, until the praise of his glory;"(2 Peter i, 11) "For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ."Amen.

Brigham Young, Willard Richards.

SUMMER VACATION.

We are drawing near the summer vacation.

The schools, academies and universities of learning are about closing, or have already finished the last semester and have held their graduating exercises.

The teachers have distributed their prizes for essays, readings and speeches, and normal students received their certificates, the valedictory has been read by some talented young lady in white, with soft creamy lace and a flutter of ribbons, and the usual exclamation from the young men "how pretty,"and so forth, and the farewells have been gone through, some tears shed and a great many kisses exchanged (among the girls, of course), with fervent^promises to write often.

Possibly some of these students need a vacation and a rest—but there are many other?, too, who need it as much, and it may be more,—people who need to recruit after long and steady application to business.

Does any one need change and rest more than the mother, the wife, the one to whom all the household look for every comfort in the home?

And yet how often it happens that she, selfdenying and self-forgetful, is left to pick up and put away, to repair and re-arrange, while other members of the family go pleasuring "over the hills and far away."Well, so it is, and so it will be until women think of their own health and the necessity of economizing strength, nerve force, and brain power, that they may prolong their own lives, which is quite as noble as to sacrifice them to the selfishness of others.

But leaving this vexed question of the

SUMMER VACATION.

rights of mothers for future discussion, we will go back to the topic—summer vacation.

People of leisure go to the seaside, or into the mountains, to escape the heat and dust, to rest weary mind and over-wrought brain; to loiter on the beach and catch the soft, invigorating sea breeze, occasionally "gathering shells"or writing in the sand, humming rhymes and ballads that have immortalized the seashore as well as the poet who wrote them, perchance far away from the seashore itself;

or, wander among the hills, resting in shady nooks and dells, soothed by the songs of birds and often startled by the glare of some handsome serpent, and here methinks one might moralize, for there are a sort of serpents whose charms are not only poisonous but fatal, who frequent summer resorts, but we will let that pass now, and only speak of tired people and their places of resting, while they breathe in with summer idleness intoxicating draughts of heavy fragrance sweet with all the sweets of woods and shrubs and flowery perfumes.

These seekers of pleasure, try to forget the toils and bustle of the cumbrous, noisy machinery of active business life, and often care not even for the daily papers, but amuse themselves in various idle ways, as though life had no higher aim than to banish care.

It may be that to linger thus in some secluded spot, amid the beautiful, near nature's heart, passive if not forgetful, exhilarates and strengthens the mind as well as the body for the harder, fiercer conflicts with which all must sometime contend unless life be like a smooth, summer sea without scarce a ripple;

but our lines here are not usually so serene and placid, we wot not what the future may be, but we are happier in believing that we shall not be weary there in the "great beyond,"that all tears will be wiped away, that the flowers will bloom forever and summer will be eternal, and pleasures never pall, "Here summer hath its heavy cloud, The rose leaf must fall, But in that home joy wears no shroud,

Never cloth it pall."But while we remain in this probation we are very susceptible to annoyances and excitement, some perhaps more than others, but all more or less, and there are many ups and downs, hard knocks and hurtful wounds, that need careful and tender treatment, and consequently we need help, self-help that comes from forces well developed and thoughts well defined; and we need to have self control, and to have this concentrated power, there must be an equilibrium, a self poise that can only be attained when all the vast machinery of the human system works harmoniously; no organ, no function must be out of tune or discord will be the inevitable result.

Following this course of reasoning, it must be true that those who take proper rest and recreation are best fortified for every emergency and can endure greater strain of mental and physical power, and still maintain a dignity of balance, a placidity or solidity that those overtaxed and over-worked are not equal to.

These summer vacations may leave or create a reserve force for future consumption that is not supplied those who keep up an incessant and continuous labor year after year, wearing away the vitality that if frugally used might prolong life and usefulness.

However, circumstances control these summer vacations with a large class of people. Some event transpires that gives time and opportunity for the relief nature requires, and thus without planning and exertion the needed relief or pastime comes.

We call this chance, and yet we cannot but feel that in the great struggle for mastery right sometimes conquers might in unseen ways, and the rest so essential to the ardent worker comes 'unsought as though some good angel had his welfare at heart and made the necessary arrangements.

Sometimes wealth inclines its fortunate possessor to seclude himself from the "dear five hundred friends"that throng around and fawn and smile upon him, and with a favored few he resorts to some locality where he is unknown, that he may be for a short time at least at his ease, and act himself

35Q SUMMER VACATION.

without the restraints of "polite society,"in the sense that Madame Grundy applies the term.

Then another class still must strain every nerve in order to afford the time to take a run out of town, to clamber over the hills, or sit by the side of the winding stream to fish a little, musing meanwhile, and only starting into remembrance of the occupation when there is a bite; working harder for weeks and days beforehand to get ahead with business, and after returning, to make up for what is termed "lost time."To such the pleasure scarce compensates for the toil, and yet it is, after all, a change from the constant monotony of everyday work.

Happy are they who have means and opportunities to spend a few weeks of the dry summer months in some pleasant manner, that will awaken latent powers, refresh memory, and develop greater activity and freshness of body and mind, thus prolonging life and increasing usefulness.

Why should we not make the most of our life here upon the earth?

It is in this wise, if we live nobly, that we will fit ourselves for the greatest and highest advancement hereafter. We are told by students of health hygiene, and philosophy, that we must take plenty of rest and out door air as well as exercise, to store our minds with knowledge and intelligence, for we all know how incapable of accomplishing any great good is a person deprived of healthy activity, with a positive lack of nerve force and the innate power to overcome difficulties, and to rise superior to misfortunes or unhappy circumstances.

Country air is healing, generally speaking, and the great contrast to city life is so widely apparent that one soon feels the difference.

The habits of country people, their "sweet simplicity"and homely ways are so genuine and natural, that one feels much benefit from the contact, and an experience in studying character that develops another phase of human life, and adds to the stock of information on a subject which is always interesting.

It is said everywhere, and it seems to me by everybody, that this is a fast age, things move rapidly and the people seem more in a hurry.

It is the age of new and strange inventions, all of them tending to rapidity, and approaching a greater degree of excellence in attainment to whatever they represent.

Yet though much of the hard labor once done without machinery of any kind, can now be accomplished by some of these new inventions, and thus much human strength saved; yet there seems to be plenty of work for all the workers, and people seem quite as weary nowadays as formerly.

It makes one wonder what it all means.

I suppose there must be just as much time as there ever was, that is, days are twenty-four hours long, and every hour contains sixty minutes, and each minute sixty seconds, but one can scarcely believe it when this spirit of hurrying gets possession of him. There are to be seen a good many idlers, not those who need rest, but who live idle lives all the year round, and perhaps this is one of the reasons why the diligent laborers have so much more to do, and can seldom get even a summer vacation of a week or two.

Idleness is a vice but not considered a crime, that is, before the law (and law is gospel in these days, so some people think), although it often leads to it, but some people live a long life of idleness at the expense of faithful industry on the part of relatives or friends.

Referring to the country and summer, inevitably carries me backward to the merry days when

I was a little country girl, wandered among the hills and gathered wild-wood flowers, and sang as I rambled, "Flowers, wild-wood flowers, in a sheltered dell they grew, I hurried along and I chanced to spy

This small staff flower with a silvery eye,

Then the blue daisy peeped up its head

Sweetly the purple orchis spread,"

And so on, and on.

I roamed in the deep forests like a very wood nymph and thought like the poet, "That Nature hides her very loveliest things

Deep in the heart of woods."And by the ponds I gathered often, I

DEATH THE PORTAL OF LIFE.

have since thought at the risk of my life, the water lilies, pond lilies, we children called them, the same poet quoted above, says:

"Yes e'en those lilies, simple as they are,

And beautiful as well—are quite bey.ond

The reach of careless fingers.

Would one grasp Their od'rous beauty one must wade far out,

Regardless of the flags and tall rough sedge And ferns, and rushes harsh, that fringe the edge."But I am much afraid my taste for country pleasures prolongs this article beyond the patience of the reader, but if he or she be tired, and over-worked, let him or her take a summer's vacation and camp out in the canyons, it will whet the appetite and do more for the nerves than all the doctors'medicine.

The languor of these beautiful summer days really makes one desire to rest a little, and to industrious, indefatigable workers, such rest as one may find among brooks and birds and mossy rocks and shady dells would be a stimulus more potent and exhilarating than aught the city can offer in the way of luxury or recreation.

Amethyst.

Art may err, but Nature cannot miss.

—Dryden.

Foppery is never cured;

it is the bad stamina of the mind, which, like those of the body, are never rectified;

once a coxcomb and always a coxcomb.

Johnson.

"Nothing that is shall perish utterly,

But perish only to revive again

In other forms, as clouds restore in rain

The exhalations of the land and sea.

Men build their houses from the masonry

Of ruined tombs;

the passion and the pain Of hearts, that long have cease to beat, remain, To throb in hearts that are or are to be."

DEATH THE PORTAL OF LIFE.

Our sister, who was snatched away in budding womanhood, was beautiful in life, and lovely in the repose of death.

The influence of the Gospel was breathed in her every sentiment.

Hallowed affection shone in her every action, investing life with a halo of graces which charmed all around her.

Visions of gladness enrapt her, at the prospect of entering upon married life, when suddenly she departed, bidding adieu to husband, mother, brothers, sisters, friends, whose fond anticipations seemed for a moment blasted.

Parental fondness stretched out the hand to save her yet a little longer, but in vain.

Vainly the eager wish to spare the life of the dear one alternately ebbed and flowed, as life gave indications of promise, or affliction of dissolution.

She died. What died? The earthly casket merely.

The ephemeral shroud that encased the immortal spirit, touched by the grim-monster death, yielded.

The angelic spirit died not.

It rose superior to the elements of changeand death.

Did reason die?

Did loveliness yield to the cold touch of death?

Did affection depart?

Reason answers, no.

The attributes of immortality answer, no.

Bereaved affection and undying love answer, no.

Some die in the maturity of every faculty, ripened with age and experience, ready and waiting for death's call.

How many battles against temptation have these fought!

How many hard lessons in the famed old school of experience have they been compelled to take!

What blunders they made before skill in moral and spiritual warfare had given success to effort, and they had learned how to act well and wisely!

Some essay to believe that all human knowledge dies with the mortal tenement, that faculties trained by years of laborious study, in other words, that the soul, the grandest work in the universe, of infinitely more value than worlds, ends at death's touch, and is annihilated.

Imagine, dear reader, every faculty of the soul falling into utter disuse, all the treasures of the mind instantly lost—this most intricate and

UTAH STATISTICS—CENSUS OF 1SS0.

wonderfully constructed apparatus cast away forever.

What an awful thought, should the dead so die!

Methinks no greater creative failure could be planned.

It would be the very climax of irrationality—ignorance supreme.

Reflect upon thousands of millions of human beings passing away, in a few short years, from relatives and friends, who mourn their departure, withoutthe possibility of their ever meeting them again.

Can any one show a single act of beneficent design in the creation of men or worlds under such a destiny? We challenge reply to this question.

Successful reply is impossible.

Let but such an idea prevail and the cries of a horror-stricken world would rend the air.

Every heart would be chilled with dismay.

Men would die frantic at the thought.

How vastly more reasonable, elevating and soul-inspiring the belief (to say nothing of the knowledge) that we shall live again that nothing "not even a hair or mote,"as the Lord says, shall be lost—that law, inexorable law, preserves all things, and will restore all things.

The indestructibility of matter is a law as changeless as that of its own existence.

It is immutable as God himself, as self evident as truth.

Organization and disorganization affect it not.

The atmosphere, although continuously changing, is held by law so that not an atom is lost.

Amazing preservation!

So with the organisms of worlds, although infinite in variety and constantly changing yet shall law restore them to the enjoyment of their original forms, immortalized and perfected.

Banish, then despair.

Let the shadows of death yield to bright assurance, so shall the reunion of the departed be hailed with rapturous delight in the realms where sorrow cannot enter, nor disappointment mar the joy.

Glorious change!

Powers that pertain to celestial spheres now vivify and resuscitate what in death, was loathsome to the touch and revolting to the smell. We shall meet again, the dear ones departed when the alloy of corruptibility shall have vanished and the affections exalted by celestial love above all that is sordid, earthly and groveling shall experience gushing pleasure and righteous exercise in worlds redeemed from sin and pain.

No fading flower shall drop from off its stem,

But blooming life be self-perpetual then.

Charles D. Evans.

General Wolseley, of the British Army, is a thorough temperance man, and in the Red River expedition, contrary to the advice of the physicians, he decided that no spirituous liquors should be taken for the troops.

No troops ever did harder work.

In South Africa his body-guard were all teetotalers, and there too the doctors predicted all sorts of ills from the lack of grog;

but the result was, they had little or nothing to do.

Gen. Wolseley has long held that drink is the great source of crime, disobedience, and other evils in the army, as well as elsewhere.

He ought to know from experience.

Ignorance is the curse of God,

Knowledge the wing wherewith we flv to heaven.

UTAH STATISTICS-CENSUS OF 1880.

In the year of the last census Utah published as many daily papers as Vermont, Delaware,

District of Columbia, or Mississippi; and more than Florida, Montana, New Mexico, South Carolina, Washington, West Virginia, Wyoming or

Idaho.

The total number of papers published in the following Territories was

Utah,.

Arizona.

.

Montana,.

Wyoming.

.

New Mexico.

Idaho,.

There were in 1880 in Schools.

School Buildings.

Value, Utah,.

#372,273 Nevada.

282,870 New Mexico, 162 13,500 Arizona, 113,074

UTAH STATISTICS—CENSUS OF 1SS0.

>53 Schools.

School Buildings.

Value.

Idaho, $31,000 Wyoming, 40,500 In Utah the number of teachers was 434, and of scholars 25,792.

The percentage of increase in population has been 1850 to i860, i860 1870, 1880, 253-8 "5-4 65-8 In Utah there were 1995 persons between 70 and So years of age, and 377 above So.

This is a large percentage for a new frontier country, but not equal to the long settled regions on the Atlantic seaboard.

The population above So years old equals the following number to every 10,000 souls;

in Utah,.

.

Massachusetts,.

South Carolina, Arizona,.

New Hampshire, Florida,.

.

Colorado,.

Vermont,.

Alabama,.

Texas,.

.

Pennsylvania, The United States, We will next turn to Utah's manufactures, and compare the number of establishments, persons employed, etc., in the years 1870 and 1S80:

Utah, 1880.

1870.

Establishments, Capital invested, $ 2,656,657 $1,391,898 Hands employed:

Males above 16 years, Females Children, Wages paid during year, $858,863 $395.365 Value of materials, $2,56i,737 $1,238,252 Value of products, $4,324,992 $2,343,019.

There were 85 flouring and grist mills, 107 lumber mills, and n woollen mills, in 18S0.

The proportionate amounts of steam and water power used in our Utah manufactures were 1880.

1870.

Water power, 35-39.

86.76 Steam power,.

24.61.

r3- 24 The proportion in the whole of the United States was—

1880.

1S70.

Water,.

35-93.

48.18 Steam,.

64.07.

51-82 The power used in Utah manufactures (1880) was equal to 4,689 horse power, of which water supplied 3,535, and steam 1,154.

In 1870 there were 21,517 persons employed in all gainful occupations, and 40,055 in 1880, showing an increase of 86 per cent., whilst the increase of population was but 66 per cent.

The average increase in the whole country was:

of persons engaged in occupations 39, and of population, 30 per cent.

There were in Utah in 1S80 Males over 10 years of age,.

50,580 Females, do., 46,614 Total,.

.

97.194 Of these there were employed in

Males. Females.

Agriculture,.

.

14,470 Professional and personal services, 9,271 1,873 Trade and transportation,.

4,026 Manufactures, mechanical and mining industries,.

9,401 Totals, 37."The principal occupations carried on by the workers of Utah, with the number engaged in each, are stated to have been Agricultural laborers, Farmers, Stock raisers, herders, Domestic servants, Laborers,....

Clerks, salesmen, etc.,.

Traders, dealers, etc., Railroad employees, Blacksmiths, Boot and shoe makers, Brick and stone masons, Carpenters, Miners,....

Tailors, milliners and dressmakers,

Employees in mills and mines, Teamsters, draymen, Teachers (including music teachers),

Officers and soldiers (U. S. Army),

Physicians and surgeons, There were also Lawyers,.

.

.

.

Civil employees of the Government and officials (local and general),.

Saloon keepers and bar tenders,.

Geo. Reynolds.

4.137 9.130 1,228 1,701 6,912.

1.253 2,592 4i7

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advatice.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, June, i{ BELLE HARRIS.

The fidelity of woman has won in all ages the admiration and respect of mankind.

Notable instances of her devotion to principle, to her family or friends have been sung by poets and chimed about the hearthstone for generations, but we may trace the history of these over the world and hardly find one possessing the strong characteristics of pure and simple fidelity to principle, in the degree that they appear in the case of Belle Harris, imprisoned for contempt of court in the Utah penitentiary.

The case brought against her by the over-zealous desire to convict under the anti-polygamy law, possesses features which afford much food for reflection.

The main question at issue is, shall the intense zeal of the prosecuting attorneys supply the place of law, and compel a supposed plural wife to testify against her supposed husband?

If this point can be gained in the practice of the courts here, perhaps it will not be necessary to trouble Congress another year to pass the law, which so hard but ineffectual a struggle was made to have enacted last session.

That the courts are ready to sustain a -law applicacable in this Territory to compel wives to testify against their husbands is manifest from the petition the judges sent to

Congress to this effect and from the unanimity of their ruling in sustaining the impudent attorney in his proceedings in the Belle Harris case.

Conviction of and punishment for the statutory crime of polygamy are the two things above all others to be attained, and prosecuting attorneys and judges are united in their determination to accomplish it, law or no law. In the present instance, being balked in their effort to convict, they have not failed to inflict punishment without conviction or even trial which shows that their regard for the liberties and peace of the people, is far removed from the controlling sentiments which govern them.

In no other kind of case does the opportunity occur to strike a hard and cruel blow at an innocent victim, with so little danger to the cowardly official, as in these contempt of court cases; and we may look in vain, for several years past, to discover a Federal judge in Utah, who has had the manhood to waive his prejudice and control his spleen to let justice, saying nothing of mercy, rule, where there was a chance to punish a Mormon.

They appear to regard such cases as peculiarly relating to their personal attitude on the Mormon question, and they never fail to let all the world know how they stand on that subject.

The rights of the prosecuting attorney and his assistants in the grand jury room, and the duties of that officer in relation to the labors of the grand jury are peculiarly construed in Utah Territory.

Who ever heard of a prosecuting attorney assuming so much control of a grand jury any where else, as to oblige a member of that body to ask his permission to propound a question to a witness?

This is the rule here when the august officiousness of Attorney Van Zile is present to overawe the jurymen;

yet in a neighboring Territory, where the law governing this subject is pre-. cisely the same as here, indictments have been quashed because the prosecuting attorney was an intruder in the grand jury room, at a time when he had no business there.

If the grand jury examining Belle Harris had appreciated the rights of that body they could, with the highest degree of propriety, have given the assistant prosecuting attorney the grand bounce;

and have modified the questions he so arbitrarily and per-

EDITORIAL.

sistently urged, so as to satisfy themselves of the matters of fact before them without doing violence to the modesty, or denying the privilege of the witness to preserve herself from imputation of wrong doing.

The extreme interest of seekers after crime in Mormon households—prosecuting attorneys though they be—often deserves the attention of the grand juries on its own account;

it may not infrequently result in developing a state of immorality worth investigation if not of actual violation of law deserving punishment.

In this case the jury, probably without fully considering the result, allowed the attorney to assume almost dictatorial powers;

he propounded the questions which dumbfounded the witness and confounded the jurymen when they found out that their acquiesence in his highty-tighty maneuvering was going to send Belle Harris and her little baby to the penitentiary for an indefinite period.

How simple it would have been for Zera

Snow to have waived those questions and shown himself a humane and honorable feeling man, instead of burdening himself with the odium of an assumptive, impudent inquisitor, largely responsible for the suffering of an upright, innocent young woman and her child—a reputation that it will not be easy for him either to get rid of or employ to his advantage in any career his ambition may lead him to desire.

We regret that he has added this act to unwise ones which have preceded it, for several reasons.

We could have forgiven his stumping for Maxwell a few years ago, because he was a boy when he did it, and it was his first opportunity to make stump speeches out of school, and time would have obliterated other mistakes he has made; but it will take a very long time to blot out from the memory the heroic and noble act of Belle Harris in defending her virtue and standing up for her privileges, and as long as it is remembered, the inquisition which sent her to jail will also be remembered, and the dignity of 'the assistant prosecuting attorney will not shield the chief of the inquisitors from the shame which attaches to so inglorious and unnecessary severity, wreaked upon the defenceless and weak.

The judges who could send Belle Harris to prison for such offense as hers, deserve the pain and sorrow domestic infidelity brings to the hearthstone of the honorable.

Can it be necessary for public morals or for the good of society, to drag a helpless woman with her infant at her breast, a hundred miles from home, to swear against a man supposed to have at some time been her husband, while she is contented with her lot in life and has no complaint to make?

What standard of morality is it that men, who strive to break up Mormon homes wish to establish?

To those who know the instigators of this hostility and are acquainted with the circumstances of the people in this Territory, the plea of improving the public morality is the veriest cant and their zeal to sustain the majesty of the law, sinks to the level of low bred and impertinent curiosity to pry into family affairs to see if they can breed mischief there.

Let such have their day;

it will be short and there is no glory in it!

On the other hand, to the noble hearted men and women who honor God, love their homes and maintain their fidelity to the principles of virtue and honor, which preserve the domestic relationship that God has ordained them there is not only a day of light and life here, but eternally.

Among these Belle Harris has won for herself a noble distinction.

She has suffered, not only the ordinary trials of life, but has proved that she can unselfishly endure unjust punishment, for the sake of principle.

She might not do so for any man, but for God and the right, imprisonment is nothing to her.

Let the young men and women of

Zion take to heart the lesson her action teaches;

it will stimulate them to faithfulness, and cause them to value the fidelity they owe to their own natures and to the law of God more than the good will of men or the threatening of those who hate them.

SIGNS OF CHRISTS COMING.

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

THE BOOK OF JOSEPH.

"Truth shall spring out'of the earth, and righteousness shall look down from heaven."

Psalm Ixxxv.

"Great tribulations shall be among the children of men, but my people will I preserve;

and righteousness will I send down out of heaven;

and truth will I send forth out of the earth, to bear testimony of mine Only Begotten."

Pearl of Great Price, p. 21.

"Sanctify them through thy truth; thy word is truth."Jttdges xvii: ij.

Much evidence has been brought forth to establish, beyond a doubt, the "Divine Authenticity of the Book of Mormon."We deem it, therefore, out of place to produce any addenda, were we capable of doing so, or to repeat more than is absolutely necessary to show the connection of this article with the subject under consideration.

That the coming forth of this record is an unmistakable sign of the near approach of the "Son of Man,"we expect to fully prove, and request a patient perusal of the evidence adduced.

David saw the time when "righteousness and peace should kiss each other,"and "truth should spring out of the ground, and righteousness look down from heaven."This cannot mean the resurrection of our Savior, as

Bible annotators and sectarian divines would have us believe, for the context needs but to be read understanding^ to see the falsity of that construction.

The Psalmist states that when this event shall take place, "The Lord shall give that which is good; and our land shall yield her increase."The mournful history of the "House of Judah,"and the utter desolation that has signally marked that land of her inheritance since it drank in the "blood of the Just One,"is a melancholy picture in striking contrast with the great day of reconciliation which the Psalmist so clearly portrays;

and we are compelled to turn to a solution other than the one advanced and more congenial to our feelings in our search after truth. "Thy word is truth"a clearer, more perspicuous definition could not be applied.

God's word is truth.

Jesus said so; why look further?

Then God's word, whether contained in the Book of Judah, or in the Book ot Joseph, is truth.

"Thus saith the Lord to my servants the prophets,"is the watchword to Israel, and when that is uttered, and implicit obedience rendered to its requirements, "Righteousness shall set us in the way of His steps."

When the Prophet Ezra re-wrote the Pentateuch, and gave to Judah inspired records, the word of God was to them truth, and the various additions made subsequently constituted God's word to

Jiidah, which should lead them and guide them to the Savior, that prophet that "God should raise up unto them of their brethren like unto Moses;"but this by no means was to constitute the whole "word of God,"but only that part of it that pertained to them as a people, and who were more immediately concerned.

Jesus said he had other sheep than those of Judah, and he must visit them and bring them into the fold, that there might be one fold and one shepherd. He did not mean the Gentiles, as many believe, for they did not "hear His voice"as directed to them; but after His resurrection He did visit those other sheep, and as their shepherd enjoined upon them obedience to His laws, and brought them into the fold which He had created by His atonement. Those "other sheep"were of the house of Joseph, who was sold into Egypt, and were living by the word of God given to them by the mouths of holy men whom God had raised up to be prophets, seers and revelators to His people, and so long as they kept His laws and walked in His paths, they were a blest people, and God greatly prospered them, and they were made recipients of marked esteem and favor;

but when they suffered themselves to be overcome, and fostered iniquity, God withdrew himself from them, and darkness excluded the light

SIGNS OF CHRISTS COMING.

of His Holy Spirit, and their minds became so gross and sensual, that He suffered them to be overcome by their enemies, and finally destroyed as a people, and the records they had so long and faithfully kept were necessarily hid up in the earth until God should deem it wisdom in Him to bring them forth.

These records constitute what is termed the "Book of Mormon;"and we will now proceed to render impregnable our, at present, seemingly weak position by evidence unimpeachable, and testimony that cannot be gainsaid.

The testimony of Ezekiel, as contained in the thirtyseventh chapter of his prophecies, is as follows: '"Thus saith the Lord God, Behold I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand."

From the above quotation it is evident that the record, or writing, or stick of Joseph, is to be restored from its place, wherever that may be, and is to be placed with the record of Judah.

Now in our search after these records, we are well content to rest, when we have found the Bible, and are satisfied to receive that as the "stick of Judah,"of which Ezekiel speaks.

But where shall we find the "stick of Joseph?"and what record have they riot incorporated in that of Judah?

The writer heard a sectarian divine of some notoriety expounding the above prophecy, and he said the "stick of Judah was the Old, and the "stick of Joseph"the New Testament, and that when the compilers had placed them together in calf, or half roan or library sheep, they became one in the Lord's hand, and thus the prophecy was fulfilled.

Any comments upon this absurd way of dealing with God's word are unnecessary.

Joseph and his seed were promised blessings in excess of his brethren, even to his inheritance extending to "the utmost bounds of the everlasting hills."And "Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well, whose branches run over the wall."This is figurative language, which signifies that Joseph's posterity should become very numerous, and finally a branch of his seed should pass over the boundaries of their first inheritance into another land, which boundary evidently is the sea, as witnesseth the testimony of Isaiah, xvi: 8:

"The fields of Heshbon languish, and the vine of Sibmah:

the lords of the heathen have broken down the principal plants thereof; they are come even unto

Jazer, they wandered through the wilderness:

her branches are stretched out (or, marginal readings, plucked up), they are gone over the sea."This Heshbon and Sibmah (or Shibmah) were cities built and inhabited by the ten tribes or nation of Israel.

(See Numbers xxxii:

37, 38.) Now the tribe of Joseph was the first, and chief tribe of this nation, the birthright of Reuben the firstborn, was given to Joseph.

(Chron.

v:

1, 2.) Isaiah says: "The lords of the heathen had broken down the principal plants of the nation that inhabited Heshbon and Shibmah,"which was done at the time the Assyrians broke down the ten tribes in the days of Hosea, king of Israel; notwithstanding this, her branches wander through the wilderness, being "stretched out, or plucked up, they go over the sea."The testimony of Jeremiah (xlviii:

32), on this same subject, is: "O vine of Shibmah, I will weep for thee with the weeping of Jazer:

thy plants are gone"over the sea."From the foregoing and very many more scriptures which we might quote, we learn that some of the plants of the "House of Israel"did go over the sea;

this, taken in connection with the previous quotation concerning "Joseph's branches running over the wall,"and the promise that his possessions should extend "to the utmost bounds of the everlasting hills"(Gen. xxxix: 26), we have good reason to believe that these branches or plants were of the tribe of

Joseph; and left their inheritance on the

Eastern continent, to take possession of the land promised upon the "crown of the head of Joseph,"which extended "to the utmost bounds of the everlasting hills."If we start from Egypt, where

SIGNS OF CHRISTS COMING.

Jacob then stood, and travel on the thirtieth parallel "to the utmost bounds of the everlasting hills,"we will land in North America.

This, then, is the land conferred upon Jacob as a "blessing above that of his progenitors,"and as Jacob conferred this blessing upon "the crown of the head of Joseph,"(Gen.

xlix: 26), we may safely infer that as no stick or record of Joseph has ever been kept on the eastern continent, that we have cognizance of, it is more than likely our search will not be in vain if we turn our attention to this land of America.

But when or how the descendants of Joseph came to this land, we will attempt to ascertain by inductive reasoning. We will quote from "American Antiquities,"by Josiah

Priest, pp.

200 and 202: "The Indian tradition says that the tongues were distributed by a bird, and were infinitely various, and those receiving them were dispersed over the earth in different directions.

But it so happened that fifteen heads of families were permitted to speak the same language

These embodied themselves, and traveled till they came to a country which they called Astelon, or the Lake Country, supposed to be in the region of the now United States, according to Humboldt."

From this tradition we learn that this continent was peopled as early as the confusion of tongues at Babel; and corroborated by the discoveries of many, and extensive ruins of ancient structures and cities, of whose inhabitants the world have but a conjecture.

The inference, therefore, to be drawn is that a people came here from Babel, who "dwelt alone"deep in the recesses of the "Lake

Country,""without gates or bars,"and to whom the inhabitants of Hazor were to go, and whom the Lord "would spoil."(Jer. xlix: 30.) Mr. Boudinot says, "The language of the natives of America, in its roots, idioms and particular construction, appears to have the whole genius of the

Hebrew, and what is very remarkable, and well worthy of serious attention, has most of the peculiarities of the language, especially those in which it differs from most other languages. There is a tradition related by an Indian of the

Stockbridge Tribe that their fathers were once in possession of a sacred book which was handed down from generation to generation, and at last hid in the earth, since which time, they had been under the feet of their enemies.

But those oracles were to be restored to them again, and then they would triumph over their enemies, and regain their ancient country, together with their rights and privileges."From the above, and many more evidences we could produce, we can ascertain the fact that America was inhabited by a people of vast superiority to the present aborigines, who had a record or stick of their generations, and which was to be brought forth from its hiding place in the earth, or in the words [of our text, "truth is to spring from the earth,"and according to Ezekiel, "the stick of Joseph is to be brought forth, and placed with the stick of Judah and become one in the Lord's hand."We will now examine the testimony of the great latter-day Prophet, Joseph Smith (for want of space we will cite the reader to "Remarkable Visions,"by Orson Pratt), who has given to the world the

Book of Mormon; an ancient record of the inhabitants of this continent, which was hid in the earth for many generations and which purports to be a record of the descendants of Joseph, who was sold into Egypt—the veritable stick of which Ezekiel speaks.

This remarkable book has been translated into the principal modern tongues, and is now, in junction with the "stick of Judah—Bible—one in the Lord's hand, and gone forth to accomplish His glorious purposes in "gathering the children of Israel from among the heathen whither they be gone, and bringing them to their own land; that He may make them one nation upon the mountains of Israel."Had not the restoration of this record taken place, the seed of Joseph could not have been gathered, nor would the prescient writings of "Holy Men of God"have been of aught avail, as, "in the dispensation of the fulness of times God

ASSOCIATION INTEILIGENCE.

might gather together all things;"all things that are hidden must of necessity be revealed, and God's servants be made aware of His secrets, that He has promised to reveal to them, that they may have their lamps trimmed and burning, and prepared for the great supper of the Lamb.

We have briefly—perhaps too briefly—examined this prophecy and adduced testimony in its support, and as lucidly as space would permit, shown the great importance of the "bringing forth"of this book, or stick, as a sign of Christ's coming, for without this sign, the purposes of Jehovah could not be consummated, for upon it hinges all the "law and the prophets,"and the gathering and restoration of "scattered Israel is to be brought about by its agency;"in "the

Lord's hand,"its potency is being felt, and the time is fast approaching when its internal evidence will be received and its counsels heeded by tens of thousands who, to-day, are blind to its merits and led captive at will by that power who has "blinded men's eyes, and stopped their ears, and hardened their hearts,"lest Christ should heal them and they be made aware of the fact, that "in the dispensation of the fulness of times, the generation when this record comes forth, all things predicted by

God's servants shall be fulfilled, and Christ shall come and wield the sceptre of righteousness among His people, and every knee shall bow and confess His most holy name."Robt. S. Spence.

He that walketh with the wise men shall be wise; but a companion of fools shall be destroyed.

Bible.

If wise and virtuous men were to govern a State for a hundred years, they would put an end to tyranny and punishment.—Confucius.

We must accept blame from any one, but we should know something of him from whom we would have praise.

Marie Eschenbach.

"He is no common benefactor who shrewdly gathers from the world's manifold literature its words of finest wit and maturest wisdom, for our entertainment, instruction, and inspiration."

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE'—BOX ELDER.

There was a good attendance at the quarterly Conference of the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I.

Associations of the Box Elder Stake of Zion, on Sunday, April 22, 1883, in the New Tabernacle, Brigham City.

The congregation was addressed in the morning, by President Chas. Kelly (who also read a condensed report from, the various associations of the Stake), and by Elders B. M. Young, J.

B. McMaster, A. H. Snow, of Brigham City, and J.

E.

Carlisle, of Logan.

The last two have recently returned from missions to the Southern States.

The afternoon was occupied by President Chas. Kelly, who spoke favorably of the report submitted in the morning, also upon a few important questions and answers that were brought up at the last general Conference of the young men, at Salt Lake City. He was followed by Secretary E.

H.

Peirce, President Minnie J. Snow, in behalf of the young ladies, Elder M. F. Cowley, of Salt Lake

City, from whom we were pleased to receive a visit, and by Apostle Lorenzo Snow, who expressed himself as being well pleased with the excellent spirit that prevailed throughout the conference.

Counselor B. M. Young having been called on a mission to the Sandwich Islands, Elder A. H. Snow was chosen to fill the vacancy of first counselor to President Kelly.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE—WEBER.

The Quarterly Conference of the Y.

M. M.

I.

A.

of Weber Stake was held in the Tabernacle, Ogden, Sunday, April

ASSOCIATION INTELIIGENCE.

29, 1883. The house was literally packed with people, the most of whom were young.

A programme was arranged for the morning which was carried out in a very creditable manner.

There were present on the stand the authorities of the stake and presidents of associations.

Superintendent E. H. Anderson called the meeting to order and made a few introductory remarks, after singing and prayer.

Elder Barker of Mound Fort addressed the congregation on the "Second Coming of Christ."This lecture was followed by the report of eight missionaries who had been called td visit the associations during the quarter.

The reports were favorable and the missionaries had enjoyed themselves greatly while laboring among their young brethren.

Members of the North Ogden Association rendered a glee; "Arise with the

Lark,"in a creditable manner, under the direction of Brother Fred. W. Ellis.

With a view of getting an expression of opinion from the associations regarding the adjournment during the summer months, and how to spend the vacation, the Central Board had offered a prize for the best essay on the subject.

Twelve papers had been sent in, and with the exception of one, all the writers had advocated the continuation of the meetings in the summer months.

The essay written by Geo. H. Fowers of the

Hooper Association was declared the best and to that association the prize was awarded.

The essay was read to the meeting.

The financial report of the Central Board was read by Elder W. S. Harris.

In the afternoon the house was again filled.

Elder A. W.

Millgate gave a discourse on "Etiquette,"after which the remaining time was occupied by Elder

W. S. Harris.

The financial and statistical reports were read and the officers of the Y. M.

M.

I. A. were presented by Elder Angus

T. Wright, and unanmously sustained.

Superintendent Anderson made a few closing remarks.

The choir sang an anthem and the conference adjourned for three months.

Prayer by President L. W. Shurtliff.

Four conferences will be held in various parts of the county during this quarter, at which all the associations will be represented, the county having been divided into four circuits.

The time will be occupied with exercises from members of the various societies.

Some of the associations are in session and will continue during the summer, while the majority have adjourned.

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

Will the Jews receive the Gospel in their scattered condition, or not until they are gathered to the land of Palestine?

M.

C.

Does the Scriptures prove that the Garden of Eden was located on the American continent?

Please quote the passages.

T.

P.

O.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

The Overland Monthly.

This magazine comes regularly, laden with a superior variety of good literature.

It being the only standard monthly published in the west it is of peculiar interest to western people and should find a place in many homes in Utah as well as in the other Pacific States and Territories.

Price per year four dollars.

The Hand of Providence.

This latest issue from the Juvenile Instructor press is a remarkable home production from the gifted pen of J. H. Ward.

It is a work of two hundred and fifteen pages, handsomely illustrated with numerous cuts, and is well printed.

Its contents are of that character to enlist the interest, and lead the reader to the contemplation of familiar historic incidents of many ages in the light of Divine dispensations, which, but for the ingenious and discerning treatment of the author, might have escaped him.

The volume is sure to become popular, and well repays the purchaser.

Price sixty cents.

How ill white hairs become a fool and jester.

Shakspeare.

TEAS

SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Eetail Dealer in

Dry Ms, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, kt n d d s d General Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P O. BOX. 352.

S. P\ TEASDEL, East Temple Street.

WALL PAPER, FEATHERS, BA-BY CARRIAGES, m S llnlliHHHilnS JiS wife Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window Cornices, H Window Shades, Lace Curtains, Lambrequins, Iff AT H.Dimwo©i,©y%» FIRST SOUTH STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

124 & 126 EAST TEMPLE STREET, Are Receiving their Large and WELL SELECTED STOCK SprinpSmmBrff]]] CONSISTING OF Fancy & Staple Dry Goods, Brocaded Velvets. Silks. Satins and Casslmeres.

Mostly our own Importations.

HOSIERY, CORSETS, LACES, NECKWEAR,—AND AT 'eaaonable UriceA.

mim\ J|ta'and ^Irildrcn'jJ jj|ta and llippea GENT'S AND BOYS'CLOTHING, FURNISHING GOODS,

HATS, BOOTS AND SHOES OF BEST QUALITY.

Ladies', Misses'and Children's dolmans, cloaks & ulsters, OIF 1 LATEST P5 rT, "V"T.TT".P5.

OUR CARPET DEPARTMENT Is Complete in Every Line.

MILLINERY in all its Branches, Newest Designs and Styles,

LYNCH & COTTRELL, RED FRONT, First East. Between First and Second South StreetsAGENTS FOR UTAH.

IDAHO AW MONTANA.

—FOK THE—

i i shot WASOis,—ALSO—

C-A-IR^I^a-IES and IHULIE^lsriESS.

Dealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

m To Purchasers of Home-made BOOTS and SHOES, ~-S3—

The just renown of the Boots and Shoes made by Z. C + H* L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Goods.

*S- BEWABE OP IMITATION. "SB Purchase only those BEARING OUR BRAND.

H.

B. CLAWSON.

Dealer In Wool, Hides, Pelts, Fnrs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Le'- fel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable H»y

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bills, Kennedy's celebrated Slieep Dip.

Goods nol in Sfock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, BUTE MS WUAL IK, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P. 0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAZE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, OAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

H. W. SPENCER, fflr&jrs & S&MJfCMBi M.

R. EVANS.

Walker Opera House, SALT LAZE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1C19.

DEALERS IN CHICAGO SHOT, FISBIHS TACKLE, CUTLERY, bin, Field and Opera Classes, Notions, lie,

Atio a Fine Stock of TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES AND SMOKERS'ARTICLES.

TUDE3BA CO S3 <S> >1 =5* Co Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon "Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are four stories in height.

The floorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc, cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being "worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work -would require a -week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

PHWW^<^HH^i ^PH/Wi^^iW^"1 PURCHASERS OF BOOKS!

ClSfflGE.

pifj Lately Burned Out, Is prepared to Furnish All Kinds of

BOOKS for the Y.M.M.I.A.

LIBRARIES, AT LOWEST PRICES.

The Mutual Interest of the Associations will be strengthened by patronizing him.

Buy your Libraries at the &nr SASAB Salt &*** City*