December The Glory of God is Intelligence.

No.

3.

DEGEMBER, 1SS4 vol. VI ©i?e GoKrffl BUTOfl A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAX.V UKC CUTTY, UTPAH.

V

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR DECEMBER, 1884.

PAGE The Aaronic Priesthood.

III.....

O.F.Whitney Scenes in Italy E. B. Fergason Old Superstitions Selected.

The Moth and the Flame Vera Khartoum, Youth's Companion Celestial Marriage and Acts of Congress.

II B. H. Roberts Catching a Bullet A Christmas Tribute Ruby Lamont.

Editorial:

Prize Story and Poem Our Gift Dictionaries The Farmer's Account with the Soil y, E. Talmaye Historical Record:

November Andrew yenson Publications Received Use Valley Tan Remedies.

They are the Best.

FOR LATH, SHINGLES, MOULDINGS, DOORS,

WINDOWS, BLINDS, ETC., ETC., GO TO THE siERRA nevadA lUIV"bER ass'n - Planum, Scroll-Sawing, Wis anfl all kinfls of Mill fori STAIRS, COUNTERS, STORE FRONTS, HARDWOOD MANTLES, ETC., ETC., TO ORDER S.

J Lynn, Supt.

w Half Block South of U. C. R. R. Depot.

SALT LAKF, CITY, W&olesale and Retut I Dealer In DRY GOOD", GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS, AND ALL KINDS OF GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best Hoxi.so for Family Supplies.

P. O. Box 352.

EAST TEMPLE STREET.

SIGNS FAINTED IN THE;

HIGHEST STYLE OF THE ART I AT FAlR^ PRICES.

HOUSE POINTING.

Cii GLAZING.

JlCsZ-i/td-fic/ C?4tt<n/e4'twit/'<?lQct<<le'^ecota-^c^ GALCIM1NING.<A> we&e temvle sekkbt, nmtfh ofH**&id nvqatng.

URNXTUHE, Carpets, Wall Papers, Mm, Sal;

Stamps, AT^IOCOXji^S&^Xj.IE: and.:Et33T.A-IX*.

HENRY DINWOODEY, 1238 to 1244 First South St., SALT LAKE CITY.

Careful a tention slven Orders by Mail

The General

Tithing Store has been completely renovated and fitted up for business and put in charge of Isient mi FOLLOWING ARE THE DEPARTMENTS:

GENERAL MERCHANDISE, MEAT MARKET, VEGETABLE DEPT., BUTTER DEPT., FISH ARD POULTRY DEPT., MOLASSES, VINEGAR AND HONEY DEPT.,

LIVE STOCK DEPT.

HAY AND LUCERN DEPT., FARM PRODUCE DEPT.

East Temple Street.

F. AUERBACfl & BRO.

Ext'tblixhed 1864.

Salt Lake City ^ ALL and W INTER -'#.

ARE NOW DAILY RECEIVING JTovelties in Silks Velvets and (Plushes.

JTovelties in, French and English (I)ress Fabrics.

JTovelties in Ladies', Children's Shoes

Sf Slippers.

JTovelties in trimmings and (X>ress (Patterns.

JTovelties in Jerseys.

JTovelties in Fall and Winter Wrap*.

JTovelties in Knit Woolens.

JTovelties in Laces and Handler chiefs.

JTovelties in G-ents'and I$oys'Wear.

Iji-ankets, Quilts, Pubber G-oods, Etc Etc.

uyers will find our Fall and Winter Stock tilling up fast with NEW GOODS AT ATTRACTIVE PRICES WE A RE NEVER UNDERSOLD.

Mail Orders Promptly Filled.

F. AUERBACH k BRO IBOTXIkTZD ^OZL/CTIfcvCBS OF THE Hi W&& MAY BE HAD AT THE OFFICE, JlU J9 The Last Volume, containing about 500 pages and the Engraving of The Three Witnesses, is now ready.

ADDRESS:

P.

O. Box 805.

CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE, fyjpesite Z. C. M. L, SALT LAKE CITY.

HERBERT PEMBROKE, THE STATIONER.

OOKS. iinsri BOOKS. I asisia[siaiBj@i@j@iaiaiaiaisiBjaiaiaris ^MSa rSM&iMSM0)c5Mra|r3JeiD]I3lM® School, Public and Private Librapxies FurnishedTo Libraries can, offer Special and Superior Inducements.

CATALOGUES FURNISHED.

AND AM BOOK PUBLISHED IN AMERICA, PROCURED OU SHORT NOTICE.

THE BEST AND STAluNKRY, | BU.nKS, PAPER, I ENVELOPES, CARDS, INKS, PRINTERS'SUPPLIES, Oompletest Assortment.

artists* materials, i-tc.

LIBRARY BOOKS, Or anything in Mie Book or Stationery Line.

D.

0. CALDER'S OLD STAND, 72 MAIN"STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

AARON FARE, JK-O^O-* LOGAN WHOLESALE AZSTTJ RETAIL, OFFERS A Full Line of general Merchandise, WHICH FOR VARIETY IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH OF SALT LAKE CITY.

J and shoes, Home Me and Bat InpM Males MEN'S, YOUTHS'AND BOYS'CLOTHING.

Champion Monitor, Charter Oak.

And other Heating and Cooking Stoves.

School and Blank Books, Stationery, Ink, Etc.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VI.

DECEMBER, 1884.

No.

3.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

The object of the Almighty in establishing His Priesthood, among the people He had brought up out of the land of Egypt with such a continuous display of omnipotent power, was similar to what He now has in view regarding His latter-day Israel, the lineal descendants of those ancient wanderers in the wilderness.

It was to sanctify them, body and spirit, and prepare them for the fulness of His glory.

This object, Moses sought earnestly to attain, but like all reformers and men of God in all ages, he had to meet and contend with many difficulties; not alone the blind bigotry and unreasoning opposition of the world, but, worst of all, with internal dissensions, lack of faith among his own followers, and the jealous murmurings and fault-finding of his immediate associates.

What this finally led to, the student of

Scripture is already aware. We have now to relate the next notable error into which Aaron, with his sister Miriam, fell, through a want of that faith and confidence in Moses their brother, which a Prophet of the Lord, inspired and directed from on high, has every right and reason to expect from the people whom he has been chosen to lead.

Moses had married—doubtless by God's command—an Ethiopian woman, or Cushite, in addition to his wife Zipporah, daughter of Jethro.

This act, for some reason, greatly incensed Miriam and Aaron, who, without stopping to ascertain whether he had done the thing of himself, or obeyed a divine in- junction, fell to abusing him with their tongues, and intimating, it is likely, that he had acted on his own responsibility.

The offense, in their eyes, since polygamic marriages were common in ancient Israel, was perhaps not so much that he had taken a plural wife, as that he had married a woman of Ethiopia, which was in violation of the Hebrew law.

However, that he was justified in what he had done, despite the "mixed marriage"prohibition—which God, the giver of the law, had the right to suspend if He thought proper—is plainly manifest from what followed.

The Lord heard the seditious murmurings of these fault-finders, and it angered Him greatly.

Summoning them with Moses unto the

Tabernacle, He rebuked them in these words:

"If there be a prophet among you,

I the Lord will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.

"My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house.

"With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the Lord shall he behold:

wherefore then were ye not. afraid to speak against my servant Moses?"Having thus spoken, the Lord departed, but when the cloud lifted from off the Tabernacle, it was discovered that Miriam had been smitten with leprosy.

Aaron escaped with the verbal chastening.

Why, we are as unable to explain as for his being left alive after making the golden calf, for worshiping which so many of his brethren were put to death.

It may be, and indeed is pro-

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

bable, that in the latter as in the former case, he was the blind tool of evil and not the principal offender.

The speech which had angered the Lord was this:

"Hath the Lord indeed spoken only by Moses? hath He not spoken also by us?"—words calculated to sow the seeds of sedition and rebellion, particularly when falling from the lips of persons in authority.

Aaron and Miriam were given to understand that though they might possess the gift of prophecy, and have dreams and visions to enlighten them, they were not to set themselves up as equal in authority to Moses, with whom the Lord spake face to face, and revealed His sovereign will for the guidance of the entire nation.

Moses interceded for Miriam, and she was healed, but for seven days was accounted unclean and shut out from the camp, as was the law in relation to lepers.

The Israelites now removed from Hazeroth, and pitched their tents in the wilderness of Paran.

But the demon of discord, though temporarily quelled, was not extinct, and the fires of jealousy and insubordination burned even in the bosoms of some of the lesser priesthood.

An aspiring Levite named Korah, cousin to Moses and Aaron, headed a rebellion against them, in which he was joined by

Dathan and Abiram, sons of Eliab, and

On, son of Peleth, of the tribe of Reuben.

These, with two hundred and fifty of the princes of Israel, "gathered themselves together"against Moses and

Aaron, and said unto them:

"Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the congregation are holy, every one of them:

wherefore then lift ye up yourselves above the congregation of the Lord?"

Moses, having vented his grief at this unjust charge, answered them in these words:

"Even to-morrow the Lord will show who are His and who is holy; and will cause him to come near unto Him:

even him whom He hath chosen will He cause to come near unto Him."

Turning to Korah, his anger kindled as he spoke: "Ye take too much upon you, ye sons of Levi Seemeth it but a small thing unto you, that the God of Israel hath separated you from the congregation of Israel, to bring you near to himself to do the service of the tabernacle of the Lord, and to stand before the congregation to minister unto them?

And He hath brought thee near to Him, and all thy brethren the sons of Levi with thee: and seek ye the priesthoodalso?

For which cause both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the Lord:

and what is Aaron that ye murmur against him?"Moses now proposed to the rebels that they take censers and put fire in them, and burn incense on the morrow before the Lord: that He might manifest to their full conviction, whom He had chosen and consecrated, and whom He had not so authorized, to minister before Him in the Priest's office.

They did so, all but Dathan and Abiram, who refused to leave their tents, but continued their false and railing accusations against the Lord's anointed.

Korah came, with his two hundred and fifty, all bearing censers whose unhallowed savor smoked to heaven, an offering of wrath to an offended God;

and having gathered all the congregation together against Moses and Aaron, stood with them in the door of the Tabernacle of the Lord.

Moses now warned the people to move away from the tents of Korah, Dathan and Abiram, the latter two of whom appeared in their doorways with their families, and stood gazing in "curious scorn,"not unmixed with apprehension, at what was taking place.

The Prophet then addressed the multitude:

"Hereby ye shall know that the Lord hath sent me to do all these works;

for I have not done them of mine own mind.

"If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men: then the Lord hath not sent me.

But if the Lord make a new thing, and the earth open her mouth and swallow them up, with all that appertain unto them, and they go down quick into the pit:

then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the Lord."

He had no sooner ceased to speak, * The Priest's office.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

than the earth yawned asunder beneath the feet of Dathan and Abiram, and they with their wives and children, and all that appertained to them, together with the household and effects of Korah, went down to a living grave in the depths of the swift-closing chasm.

The people who beheld fled terrified: but the calamity was not yet over.

A fire from the Lord went forth and consumed where they stood, Korah and his usurping train of censer bearers.

As they perished in the avenging flames, Eleazer the Priest was commanded to rescue their brazen censers, and make of them "broad plates"for a covering of the Lord's altar, "to be a memorial unto the children of Israel, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come near to offer incense before the Lord;

that he be not as Korah and as his company; as the Lord said to him by the hand of Moses."Strange to relate, the Israelites were not yet reconciled to their inspired leaders.

They next accused them of "killing the Lord's people."

The Almighty then sent his wrath among them in the form of a plague, which, though checked in its ravages by an atoning sacrifice, offered by Aaron in his priestly capacity, slew fourteen thousand, seven hundred of them before it could be stayed.

This was a terrible lesson, but being learned, the spirit of rebellion for a season was subdued.

Another proof was now given of Jehovah's choice respecting Aaron and his sons and the tribe of Levi, as the authorized representatives of the Aaronic and Levitical Priesthood.

"Speak unto the children of Israel,"said the Lord to Moses, "and take of every one of them a rod, according to the house of their fathers, of all their princes according to the house of their fathers, twelve rods:

write thou every man's name upon his rod.

"And thou shalt write Aaron's name upon the rod of Levi:

for one rod shall be for the head of the house of their fathers:

"And thou shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the testimony, where I will meet with you.

"And it shall come to pass that the man's rod whom I shall choose shall blossom: and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel, whereby they murmur against you."Moses did as he was directed, and on going into the Tabernacle on the morrow, he found that the rod of Aaron had "budded and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds."This symbol of divine recognition, the Lord commanded to be kept as a token and a warning against the rebels; that all might know thenceforth, for a certainty, that Aaron and his sons were the authorized Priests of the sanctuary; that his brethren the Levites were the rightful incumbents of the lesser offices of the religious organization; and any interference with or usurpation of those sacred callings and functions by men not called of God to administer therein, would neither be tolerated nor passed by with impunity.

Twenty years had elapsed since the children of Israel first encamped at the base of Mount Sinai.

Our readers are doubtless aware—unless, like Mark Twain's American tourist, they neglect their Bibles, and are unable to see why it should have taken the children of Israel forty years to cross that little patch of wilderness, when Ben Holliday would have carried them over in fortyeight hours—why it was they were compelled to trace and retrace their wandering way through the mountain-girt desert, instead of marching on Canaan direct, and taking immediate possession of the promised land.

As we are simply pursuing the historic thread of the Aaronic Priesthood, purposely omitting facts and details that do not bear directly upon, or relate closely to the subject, we will refer those who wish to refresh their memories on this particular point, to the thirteenth and fourteenth chapters of Numbers.

In the opening month of the Hebrew year, about B. C, the Israelitish camp entered the desert of Zin, and "abode at Kadesh."Here the prophetess Miriam, Aaron's sister, died and was buried.

Here, too, was experienced a drought, so general, wide-spread and severe, that the old spirit of murmuring

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

and mutiny, which happily had slumbered, again broke forth, and as usual found vent against the Prophet and the

High Priest of the nation.

Here, also, was committed the great mistake of Moses'life, an error which barred him out, with the rest of his generation already under the ban* from the privilege of setting foot within the borders of the promised land.

But let us take the Bible narrative:

"And there was no water for the congregation:

and they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.

"And the people chode with Moses, and spake saying, Would God that we had died when our brethren died before the Lord "And why have ye brought up the congregation of the Lord into this wilderness, that we and our cattle should die here?

"And wherefore have ye made us to come up out of Egypt, to bring us unto this evil place?

it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or of pomegranates;

neither is there any water to drink.

"And Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they fell upon their faces and the glory of the Lord appeared unto them.

"And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock:

so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts to drink.

"And Moses took the rod from before the Lord, as He commanded him.

"And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them, Hear now, yc rebels; must we fetch you water out of this rock?

"And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice:

and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also."

As the reader will perceive, the language of Moses, as he smote the rock, was not such as gave the glory to God, but rather implied that he and Aaron held the power, independently, to work the miracle which One mightier had wrought.

This failure to sanctify Him * Caleb and Joshua only were exempt.

in the eyes of the people, ascribing His miracle to a human source, thus weakening its effect upon the faltering minds of those whose faith God, by this display of His power, sought to strengthen and confirm, was viewed by the Deity with displeasure.

High in favor as Moses was, much as the Lord esteemed him for his meekness and fidelity, an impartial judgment had nevertheless to be passed upon his transgression:

"And the Lord spake unto Moses and Aaron,

Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them."Eighteen years later, in partial fulfilment of this decree, Aaron died at Masera, in Mount Hor, by the coast of

Edom, at the age of one hundred and twenty-three years.

Being warned of the Lord that his end was approaching, in company with Moses and Eleazer he went up into the top of the mount; and there, after being stripped of his priestly robes, which were placed upon Eleazer as his successor,* the venerable High

Priest was gathered to his fathers.

Thirty days of mourning for him ensued throughout the congregation of Israel.

The episode of Phinehas, son of Eleazer, the slayer of Zimri and Cosbi, is the next incident it becomes our duty to chronicle.

It was in the plains of Moab, on the east shore of Jordan, opposite

Jericho.

The allied hosts of Moab and Midian, jealous of so formidable a power as had appeared within their borders, but hopeless of success if they attacked the armies of Israel, hit upon the scheme of seducing them from their allegiance to Jehovah, to the immoral and voluptuous worship of their god, Baal-Peor.

The snare proved successful.

The sons of Israel committed whoredom with the daughters of Moab, and bowed down with them in worship of their idols.

The God of Israel, in righteous indignation, again poured out upon His people the vials of His wrath.

A plague broke out among them, which carried away twenty-four • Exodus, xxix:

29, 30.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

thousand souls.

Moses ordered the judges of Israel, also, to slay every man who had joined himself to Baal-Peor.

In the midst of this dire distress, while the congregation were weeping before

Moses at the door of the Tabernacle, a prince of the tribe of Simeon, Zimri by name, came bringing into the camp, in the sight of all the people, a Midianitish woman named Cosbi.

The shameful spectacle so enraged Phinehas, that he rose up and seized a javelin, and pursuing after the guilty pair, thrust the spear through both their bodies.

The Lord, though not a delighter in bloodshed, so admired this display of zeal, that, having stayed the plague, He commended the son of Eleazer in these words:

"Phinehas, the son of Eleazer, the son of Aaron the priest, hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel (while he was zealous for my sake among them) that I consumed not the children of Israel in my jealousy;

"Wherefore say, Behold I give unto him my covenant of peace.

"And he shall have it, and his seed after him, even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood;

because he was zealous for his God, and made an atonement for the children of Israel."

Moses and Eleazer were now commanded to take the census of the men of war, or males twenty years old and upwards who were capable of bearing arms.

The totality obtained was six hundred and one thousand seven hundred and thirty.

The Levites were numbered separately.

Their sum was twenty-three thousand, males from a month old and upwards.

Of the entire population, there were but three who were living when Moses and Aaron took the census forty years before.

It was a new generation that was about to take possession of the land of Canaan.

The old one, all but Moses, Caleb and

Joshua, had died in the wilderness. The God of Israel, as ever, had kept His word.* It was now the turn of Moses to expiate his transgression.

He was reminded by the Lord of his trespass at the water of Meribah, and its penalty, and told to prepare for his death.

Meekly as ever * Numbers, xiv:

28—35.

the great leader submitted to the decree of his Master.

He first besought the Lord to choose him a successor.

The request was complied with in the selection of his faithful minister, Joshua:

"Take thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him;

"And set him before Eleazer the priest, and before all the congregation:

and give him a charge in their sight.

"And thou shalt put some of thine honor upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient.

"And he shall stand before Eleazer the priest;

who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the Lord; at His word shall they go out, and at His word they shall come in;

both he and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation."Having done as the Lord commanded, and discharged all the trusts laid upon him, Moses, the prophet and law-giver of Israel, bade farewell to the people he had served so long and faithfully.

He called the tribes together, rehearsed to them their history, instructed them anew in the law, exhorted them to obedience and fidelity to God, prophesied of their future, and blessed them.

He then ascended Mount Nebo, from whose lofty height he was permitted to behold the land of their inheritance, spread out like a glorious panorama before him.

Having feasted his eyes on the beautiful and beloved prospect—the land where Abraham, Isaac and Jacob had dwelt, whose seed the God they worshipped had sworn should inherit it; a land rendered dear by all the ties of hope and history, but now doubly precious in that he beheld but could not pass over to possess it—Moses, the servant of the Lord, resigned himself to his fate.

He "died there in the land of Moab, according to the word of the Lord.

And He buried him in a valley in the land of Moab, over against Beth-Peor:

but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day."O. F. Whitney.

The premeditation of death is the premeditation of liberty; he who has learned to die has forgot to serve.—Montaigne.

SCENES IN ITALY.

SCENES IN ITALY.

Milan, the capital of Lombardy, the home of Leonardo da Vinci, where he lived and thought and worked the longest; the tomb of San Carlo Borromeo, the famous count cardinal, who dared to oppose the enormous abuses of the Romish Church, and endeavored to reform a false and hypocritical brotherhood of monks, claims attention both by its historical importance and its artistic wealth.

Its cathedral, next to St. Peter's in Rome, the most magnificent in Italy, is at first sight bewildering in its glorious majesty and beauty.

Begun in 1386, its architects were Germans and Frenchmen, whose united genius crystallized into a national monument, stands as a symbol of the brotherhood of art, despite the wars and conflicts of nations.

Gothic art transported entire into Italy attained at once its triumph and extravagance.

Instead of coarse and lifeless stone, it here takes for its material the beautiful lustrous Italian marble, and it becomes a pure chased gem as precious through its substance as it is exquisite in beauty through the labor bestowed on it. The whole church seems to be a colossal and magnificent crystallization, so splendidly do its forest of spires, its intersections of mouldings, its population of statues, its fringes of fretted, embroidered and open marble work ascend in multiple and interminable bright forms against the pure blue sky.

Truly is it a mystic candelabra of visions and legends, with a hundred thousand branches, bristling and overflowing with sorrowing thorns and ecstatic roses, with angels, virgins and martyrs upon every flower and on every thorn a stupendous hosanna, rising pyramidically into the azure, with its millions of blended tones vibrating in harmony from the deep diapason of its earthly bass to the seraphic strains of its angelic choir, mounting upward in a single shout, "Gloria in excelsis."We enter and the impression deepens.

"The groves were God's first temples,"and one exclaims on entering this edifice, "Behold the true type of a Christian temple."Here is the true architectural embodiment of the vegetal type of nature.

Four rows of enormous eightsided pillars stand like a serried hedge of gigantic oaks, their strange capitals bristling with a fantastic foliage of pinnacles, canopies and niches like venerable trunks crowned with delicate and pendent mosses.

Over head the vaulted dome reveals ground arches, whose intervals are filled in with a delicate network of foliage, twining branches and curling tendrils figuring the aerial roof of some mighty forest. As in the sacred groves of Irmensen the dim religious light shimmers with tints of red and orange, of amethyst, ruby and emerald like leafy labyrinths, in which lights from above diffuse themselves in shifting radiance through colored and diaphanous leaves.

In presence of grandeur, as solemn as that of nature, the mind becomes calm and composed, the exaggeration and incongruities pass out of sight, criticism stands arrested on the threshold, for we realize that in these works of art are written in unchanging characters the history of the formations and metamorphoses of human civilization.

The subterranean chapel in which the body of San Carlo Borromeo is preserved presents as striking and as ghastly a contrast, perhaps, as any place can show.

The tapers which are lighted down there flash and gleam on altirelievi in gold and silver, delicately wrought by skilful hands, and representing the principal events in the life ot the Saint;

jewels and precious metals sparkle and shine on every hand.

A windlass slowly removes the front of the altar, and within it, in a gorgeous shrine of gold and silver, is seen, through alabaster, the mummy of a man, the pontifical robes with which it is adorned radiant with diamonds, emeralds and rubies; every one a costly and magnificent gem.

The shrunken heap of poor

OLD SUPERSTITIONS.

earth in the midst of this great glitter is more pitiful than if it lay upon a dunghill.

There is not a ray of imprisoned light in all the flash and fire of jewels, but seems to mock the dusty holes where eyes were once.

Every thread of silk in the rich vestments seems only a provision from the worms that spin for the behoof of worms that propagate in sepulchres.

The world, perhaps, contains no example of a genius so universal, so creative, so athirst for the infinite, and so far in advance of his own age and of subsequent ages, as that of Leonardo da Vinci.

Of all the productions of his brilliant genius and patient toil, but few remain, and these, with one exception, are studies and sketches.

In the old refectory of the dilapidated church of Santa Maria delle Grazie is the work of art, probably better known than any other in the world—the Last Supper of

Leonardo.

In its composition and arrangement it is still as it left the hand of the great Master, in its coloring or the original expression of any single face or feature it is blotched and spoiled by modern bunglers;

only the general idea of the Master can be seized, its delicacies have disappeared.

Still the original surpasses its best copies, and among all the representations of Divinity Incarnate by the great masters, the Christ of

Leonardo stands pre-eminent as a type of a Godlike humanity.

E. B. Ferguson.

The two best books for a child are a good mother's face and life.

OLD SUPERSTITIONS.

General education has accomplished wonders for the minds and lives of the masses, but in nothing has it wrought so radical a change as in eradicating the ignorant bigotry and superstitions of the people.

There has, indeed, been almost too violent a reaction, leading many to err upon the opposite side, in renouncing all faith and belief in spiritual matters as too absurd for aught but childish minds to rest upon.

Draw into conversation some dear, intelligent grandmother, like our charming old neighbor, who has seen eightyseven useful years.

As she tells you long stories of "ye olden times,"when she was young and blithe and bonny, take notice of the homely superstitions that adorn her tales.

Listen till you see the good house-mother drop the red-hot horseshoe into the churnful of refractory cream, and the family gathering seriously to consult the well-thumbed almanac, intent upon discovering if the "signs,"are right when the last new baby is to be weaned, the huge porker slaughtered, or the golden corn sowed.

She will tell you, too, of mysterious lights, portentous dreams, and midnight sounds—the warnings to prepare for sickness or death.

What magic charms, too, did the rustic belles test, and how the mirror revealed to the eyes of one expectant maiden, not the face of the future husband, but a hideous coffin.

While one class of antiquaries search out with eager zeal the more palpable relics of olden days, another evinces as much enthusiasm in gathering up these quaint old signs and omens so soon to be forgotten.

Mr.

Barnes, in his very interesting chapters on the folk-lore in his native Dorset, tells us how when a child he was taught in his old English home to repeat this bed-charm:

Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John,

Be blessed the bed that I lie on.

Four corners to my bed, Four angels all aspread One at head an'one at feet An'two to keep my soul asleep."

Then, too, he tells us of the young people shooting apple-seed, from between their fingers, as they repeat these lines:

"Kernel, come, kernel, hop over my thumb,

And tell me which way my true love will come

OLD SUPERSTITIONS.

East, West, North, or SouthKernel, jump into my true love's mouth."The children all chanted the old "fly away home"verse to the "lady bird,"which was called by the peasants "God Almighty's cow."Again he tells us of the revolting notion in Dorset that to eat nine lice will most certainly cure the jaundice.

Dock is prescribed as a sure antidote to the sting of the nettle, but must inevitably be accompanied with the words, "Out nettle, in dock."White specks on the fingernail indicate gifts with this modification:

"Gifts on thumbs, sure to come;

Gifts on finger, sure to linger."

Much of this doggerel has had its origin traced back to ancient Germany.

In Lancashire the shooting rays of the aurora borealis are the "Merry Dancers."One will hear a puff-ball dubbed the devil's snuff-box, the dragon-fly is his darning-needle, and the black beetle his coach horse.

In Devonshire robin redbreast is called "Farewell Summer."and in many localities, especially Yorkshire, the people have a superstitious horror of killing one of the little creatures, believing its death will cause the cow to give bloody milk—an idea also prevalent in Switzerland. The little urchins of Suffolk never place the robin's egg upon their strings, lest they suffer the unexpected penalty of broken limbs for their cruelty.

In the old Yule season, that lasted from Christmas until Twelfth Night, every day had its traditions—the cattle fell upon their knees at midnight, Christmas eve;

at Glastonbury grew a hawthorn that blossomed every Christmas morn, or, failing, presaged some grave disaster.

This remarkable shrub was said to be a descendant of the staff of Joseph of Arimathea, which was planted upon the eve of the crucifixion, and at once pushed forth leaves and blossoms.

Twelfth Night, the festival of St. Simon of Stylites, is supposed to have been instituted in honor of the Eastern Magi, who brought their precious gifts to the infant Jesus.

In Sweden all must remain in their homes on Yule-night, for it is then the trolls and demons walk about and the dead leave their graves.

We read the most beautiful bird-legends that come from the far-away Sweden. When Christ was a suffering, a little bird perched upon the cross, crying, "Svala, svala Honom!"("Console, console Him!") Since, she has been called svala, or swallow, and fortunate will be the man who is her protector.

Hovering over the Savior, another bird called out, "Styrk, styrk Honom!"("Strengthen, strengthen Him!"),, and has ever since been called styrk—stork, and brings good fortune wherever she builds her nest.

The turtle-dove ever repeats the mournful plaint she uttered over that scene of Calvary, "Burri, burri, burri!"The cross-bill sought to pull out the nails that held our Lord to the cross, and ever since has there been the stain of that sacred blood upon his tiny bill.

In some times and countries a show of cats, like the one that attracted so much attention in Boston, would be regarded with horror.

In Italy and Spain a gathering of cats is even now regarded as a meeting of witches, on some diabolical business intent.

The Tuscan believes when a man desires death the evil one is passing before his eyes in the form of some feline.

In Germany it is a bad sign to dream of a black cat at Christmas, and in Hungary our household pet is regarded a witch after a certain age.

In some of the Catholic countries the cat is sacred to St. Gertrude, and in the northern mythology, the car of Freyja is drawn by a team of pussies.

Again, she was created by Diana, and Ovid relates that her form was appropriated by that fair goddess in a flight from the Titans.

While each birth-month has its significance and emblematic jewel, as named in a late number of the Home Magazine, the days of the week have inspired these lines of poetic jingles:

"Sunday's child ne'er lacks in place;

Monday's child is fair in face;

Tuesday's child is full of grace

Wednesday's child is sour and sad;

Thursday's child is loving and glad

Friday's child is loving and giving;

And Saturday's child shall work for his living."

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

"Never rock an empty cradle—it will injure the child,"we heard an old lady say with a solemn shake of her head, and the same dear old sage tells us if the baby doesn't tumble out of bed or down-stairs before it is a year old it will grow up foolish.

One must not cut his nails or sneeze on the Sabbath, lest the father of the evil one will be at their elbow during the week.

A volume might easily be filled with these old saws and superstitions;

but another sign comes into our mind with great force, and warns us to let it be the last, as it is the most truthful:

"Long stories make deaf ears."Selected.

What a man knows should find its expression in what he does.

The value of superior knowledge is chiefly in that it leads to a performing manhood.

—Bovee.

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

It was the afternoon before Christmas, and the old farm house of Bishop Gray was the scene of busy preparation, and brimful of joy and anxiety, for the sons and daughters were coming from their scattered homes back to the dear old house, out of which they had gone on their wedding days.

It was a large family when they were all together, with the added faces of their children;

but the old house was ample in its dimensions, solid and firm in its strength against the roughest storms, and plenteous in its cellars and store rooms for even a day of famine.

Down stairs, the great fire places, filled with logs, threw out their warmth and cheer, and in the upper rooms the many polished heaters crackled and roared a welcome to the coming guests.

Everything and everybody about the house seemed ready and waiting; the Bishop's wife now and then gave another look into the kitchen and dining room, seeking where some other touch of comfort might be added; the girls trying, with most indifferent success, to engage themselves over their charmingly filled work baskets, during that interval of suspense—expectancy.

A rumbling, thundering sound of hoofs, a jingle of bells, a sudden stillness, and then a cheery "hello, here we are!"and a rush to the windows discovered the fact that the first sleighful had arrived.

"Brother Dan and all his family!"delightedly exclaimed

Ettie, Aunt Ethelinda's daughter, and dropping her work basket and all its contents in elegant disorder on the rug beside her low rocker, she ran to win the first kiss all around from his two smiling wives and six little ones.

With a chubby, rosy darling on each arm, she.

laughing, tripped up the wide, lilac bordered path, and ushered in the hastily following party; and there in the broad hall, the mother met her first-born son and his family.

Quickly the snow-covered shawls and overcoats were removed and shaken dry, hampers conveyed to the pantry, and then with parcels, valises, and a trunk or two, they ascended the stairway to the ample chambers.

Here, Ettie had the babes, divested already of their hoods and coats, and contentedly taking in their surroundings.

In the joyous excitement, another sleigh had arrived, and Effie had fulfilled the honors of welcoming and ushering in their sister Delia, with her husband and four children; the daughter Cathie, a six year old, golden haired fairy, grandpa's especial favorite for her wisdom and sweetness.

With them was Cathie's great-aunt, grandma's sister, a lovely lady, widowed many years, devoted to a life of gentle deeds, and bearing in her very presence a spiritual influence.

Scarcely were salutations passed and the pleasant chambers allotted, before another party arrived, Phebe, the bride of a few months, and her handsome husband.

Another shout, a rush to the windows, "It's brother Joe and

go THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

Frank's in sight!"Such a rush down stairs, and such a stamping on the porch, more bundles and boxes, and then the door swung shut, while the horses and sleigh disappeared around the house to the barn, just as the others had done.

What a crowd, to be sure!

And how did mother and Aunt Ethelinda, in the easiest manner possible, pick out which was which and put them just where they belonged?

It had been a long time since all these boys and girls were home together;

last Christmas, Joseph was away on his mission in Great Britain, and Frank, in our own inhospitable New England.

How their absence had been felt at that last re-union amid all their sincere gratitude and happiness!

The mothers could best have told it, though little indeed was said.

And during the year Phebe, mother's youngest daughter, had gone to her own home, and during the coming year Ettie and Effie would be going, if Aunt Ethelinda could bring herself to consent to it so soon; were it not for the

Bishop's young wife and her babe, the house would be very unlike its former self.

How different even the same old home is, after the children are all grown up into quiet, industrious, orderly characters.

No little trifles to pick up, no little hindrances between the meals, no little alarms to stir one up from growing too sedate and self-sufficient;

really, if we just knew it, the little bothers incidental to having children in the house, keep us from growing old too fast, even though it does appear the other way about.

Small wonder, then, for this overflowing happiness.

Swiftly they laid aside their traveling wraps and tried, amid kisses and laughter, to answer a dozen questions at once.

The babies, bless them, were in a whirl of bewilderment, being caught from one to another of their many aunties and cousins in a perfect ecstasy of love and welcome, till their own mothers had to look in more than one direction to find their missing darlings.

In such a delightful confusion of actions and ideas, not all the traveling paraphernalia was yet placed in orderly array in the spacious wardrobes, nor half the questions answered, before a quiet messenger (one of the "help") modestly announced at each door that supper would be served in fifteen minutes.

Such a revulsion as conversation received; turning immediately into a more practical direction:

the marshaling of the smaller members into proper divisions, and supervising their personal appearance and demeanor;

for it was an absolute and patriarchal rule of Bishop Gray's, that his sons and daughters were to be seated in genealogical order, with their respective families, babies included, around his table.

Here, for the first time today, they met the young wife, and the new baby brother.

An affectionate salutation to the mother and babe, and then they quietly seated themselves.

Certainly it was an impressive sight, and one on which he might look with pride;

his long dining room occupied from one end to the other by a table at which sat forty of his name, all his honored and loving companions and descendants.

His quick eye scanned the group around, all was order, and he bowed his head, and reverently thanking God for this re-union of his family and

His manifold blessings and mercies, invoked His blessing upon the bounteous repast before them.

The quiet '"help"attended with watchful care, and with thankful, happy and unreserved converse the meal went on.

The dear mother, how every word she spoke was listened to with deferential, loving attention "Aunt"Ethelinda, she who first shared with their mother the trial and the victory of that law which was again brought forth to the children of light in this dispensation; and who had been as another mother unto them;

whose children's lives were so closely intertwined with theirs, as though the children of one mother, she, too, received their unhesitating affection and respect.

Many a glance was stolen at the Bishop's young wife, on whom the mother, too, looked as on a younger, tender sister;

ofttimes looking into her pale, sweet

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

9 1 face as with hidden solicitude, and upon her babe with one of heaven's own smiles.

"Isn't she lovely?"whispered one to another, as with kindly thoughtful eyes, they studied the face so lately come into their family group, for the Bishop's young wife had been with them little over a year, and some of the sons and daughters had met her first, only the Christmas before this; but all regarded her with gentle welcome, counting not her gain their loss, and waiting only for opportunity of showing their fraternal love.

At the close of the meal, during which father, sons and sons-in-law conducted the more prominent features of the conversation, all repaired to the large sitting room.

Not the art-decorated parlor of the pretentious aristocrat, but a spacious room with comfortable sofas made to lounge on, without detriment to their strength or beauty; large easy chairs one could go to sleep in, lighter and more fanciful ones for youthful forms, and, best of all, ever so many little rockers for the darlings wno had come to see grandpa and grandma.

This room had, too, its large fire place midway of its length, its heavy, oval centre table, where either side of the high lamp reposed the great family bible and the family album, and around them many a souvenir, all valuable for the,givers'sakes; some of them wrought by dainty fingers long ago.

Grandpa's secretary, high and important looking (the Bishop was his own amanuensis), and grandma's own queer little piece of furniture, part desk, part cabinet, and part work box; how many dear and precious treasures this contained, the children partly knew—her wedding cards of thirty years ago, a few flowers.and a scrap of herwedding gown;

and later, a few years, was laid there a little, waving, golden tress, and in a tiny envelope, a long, satiny, chestnut-brown, beautifully braided tress of hair, with the words:

"Eulalie, aged 19."Once they found "mother"holding this in her open palm, her face pale, her eyes overflowing.

She hastily replaced it, and no one asked her a question.

A packet of faded letters, too. "Were those grandpa's love letters to you, grandma?"Cathie once asked her.

Grandma turned a very beautiful pink and did not answer so abrupt a question, and grandpa startled by so sensational a query, looked up from his ward accounts, in that direction, with a very mysterious air, somewhat as though a secret of vanished years was to be rudely unveiled.

Many little tokens, trifles to other eyes, but suggestive of precious associations, to hers.

Once, on the polished panels, little faces had studied the distorted reflections of their own, but now, a dimness had stolen over all, and the images were but phantoms of the past.

How often they had all studied the curious knobs, and the feet, lion's claws, and, over mother's elbow, peered into the quaint little compartments, with wonderful spring locks she could open with a touch, without a key.

I believe if the house had taken fire, "mother's cabinet"would have been the first thing saved.

A few engravings, oil portraits of the Bishop and his wife when they were first married;

the Bishop's violin, that he once loved to play, when she sang with him hymns, and, on account of the children, a cabinet organ.

Books, chiefly Church works, some histories, biographies, an encyclopaedia, a few common law books, some agricultural magazines, but no novels or fashion books; this about completed the library's stock, and about finished the sitting room's furnishing.

But three wide windows afforded each a picture of which they never tired. At the eastern window the children loved to gather in the morning;

there they could watch the busy men with the restive teams, the outgoing herd of handsome stock to graze on the earliest verdure, there they could watch the passing to and from the city and the outlying fields.

The southern window, filled in the winter with tender plants, kept for them a pleasant reminder of summer, but best of all the wide west window where, afternoons, the girls sewed, the boys drew the table and studied, and the mother

9 2 THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

sat with them to watch the sunsets, year after year.

Said the Bishop's wife:

"Here, when the work was done, and the light was almost gone, I could come and watch its richest colors, could gather into my own spirit its rest and peace.

This is my favorite window.

Here latest hover the birds and bees over the beds of violet and mignonette, and here the flowers catch the sun's last light and warmth.

I think the birds, even, prefer to build on this side.

I have taught my girls and boys to watch the rising sun as something beautiful to see, and we seldom miss the sunset hour.

Thus I have led them to love nature, and its ruler—God.

Many an hour of sacred stories have been repeated here, and many an hour of silent happiness;

perhaps this is the dearest spot in all the house."And here in this room so dear in all its associations, they were gathered together once more, by the mercy and favor of heaven;

not one missing link in the whole circle of hearts.

It was Christmas eve.

Some of the boys and girls were going to the ball the "Ward party.""After awhile, not just yet, go when I go,"the Bishop had said; so while he gathered up the fallen lines of interrupted conversation, little Cathie climbed upon his knee and coaxed for a story before bed-time.

"Who shall tell it,"indulgently asked the Bishop.

Cathie pondered a little, then replied, musingly:

"If grandpa tells it, it'll be about the Prophet Joseph, or the Savior's coming, or about the government.

If grandma tells it, it'll be about her ancestors fighting in the wars, and now we can't vote;

or about the maple sugar forests and nut trees, and the going a-berrying, and how children learned ever so many Bible chapters, and were taught to be industrious in those days."A general laugh interrupted Cathie's reminiscences, but the Bishop said, "go on, Cathie, what would the rest tell?""Well, Aunt Catharine, Aunt Catharine, weren't you ever called

Cathie, like me, or Katie, or Kittie, when you were young?"abruptly inquired Cathie.

"No, dear,"replied Aunt Catherine gently, "girls didn't have pet names when I was young.""Well,"said Cathie, thoughtfully, "if they had, I don't think, after all, they would have taken such a liberty with you, you're too grand, like a princess in a fairy story.""Thank you, dear,"said Aunt Catherine, gravely smiling, while the rest laughed at Cathie's unconscious compliment. "If Uncle Fred should tell it,"resumed Cathie, seriously, "it would be all about travels and wonderful sights, like a book; we can read those things;

I'd like something that was true and everybody never heard of."At this dismissal of Uncle Fred as a story teller, grandpa joined the laugh and Uncle Fred bowed loyally to the decree.

"Aunt Ethelinda would tell us all about persecutions and other dreadful things;

I wouldn't like that kind for a Christmas story.

Effie and Ettie would tell love stories, because they've got beaux and go to balls.""Well,"said Effie, "I think you're very critical; who next?""O, I decline before being dismissed,"said Aunt Phebe.

"So do I,"joined in a chorus of voices.

Cathie surveyed her rebellious subjects critically a moment, and then replied, without embarassment:

"All of these can tell good stories for some other day, but for Christmas Aunt Catharine can tell the best."The Bishop turned Cathie around facing him, and, kissing the golden hair upon her forehead, tenderly said: "grandpa must go now to the party at the school house.

To morrow night we will listen to Aunt Catharine's story, if she will favor us as Cathie requests; we will be more settled in mind to hear a story after the Christmas dinner;

isn't that so?"Aunt Catherine smiled, and said:

"Is the theme to be furnished me?"

The Bishop answered, "Let it be a Latter-day Saint story, if you can find one, I know it will be worthy of our attention."Aunt Ethelinda looked up, her face was more like the face of Washington than any woman's

I have ever seen;

that "no surrender"look was on it.

"Aunt Catherine,"said she, "don't forget the past, don't forget the influences that are gathering around our youth,

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

don't forget the futures of the faithful and the unfaithful.""I promise,"said Aunt Catherine.

"Come, sons and daughters, if you're going with me,"said the Bishop, and turned to his wives as the others left the room for their preparations.

"No, dear,"said the Bishop's first wife; "I'm going to stay and have a talk with some of the girls.""I'd better not leave baby,"appealingly answered Mary Edna to the Bishop's pleasant, inquiring look.

"Yes, dear, go,"said his wife;

"we can tend him just as well as you;

I think we've had an experience with just such darlings;

go and enjoy yourselves,"and she took the baby from her arms, and the sleepy eyes opened to see who it was, then the little head drooped confidingly upon her breast.

She wrapped a snow-white zephyr shawl around him and rocked softly to and fro.

"Ethelinda, look carefully after her, won't you?

Dear me, she's little more than a child, and so delicate, a plant reared in the shade;

sheltered from storms and heat alike, what would she do alone!""I will,"said Ethelinda as she passed out.

"Now for the stockings,"said grandma, and it was not long before they were hung over and around the fireside, with the names pinned on by her wise suggestion.

Such a display of hosiery;

it was quite wonderful!

"I wonder,"said Cathie, "if Santa Claus will have enough to fill all those;"then added, reflectively, "of course!

he owns a whole country full;

who ever heard of Santa Claus being 'broke;'"and being satisfied with all appearances, signified her willingness to retire.

This was a signal that grandma welcomed, and very soon Santa Claus'loyal subjects were far away on the wings of sleep into dreamland, and busy hands and swift, light footsteps finished their errand around the glowing hearth.

How thoughtfully grandma superintended it all.

It was just like doing it all over again lor her own little ones.

"Mother,"said Delia, "shall we go up to your room?"The great sitting room so lately filled with moving figures and merry voices, was still; the ticking of the clock could now be heard, even the soft sound of the burning coals, and above in the soft carpeted bed rooms, the subdued voices and gentle rocking of easy chairs.

Delia sat down on a footstool by the fire, and looked up thoughtfully in her mother's face, and how much of love and inquiry were in her large, dark eyes, and beautiful pale face.

Motherhood had taken away the carmine glow from her cheeks, but her brow shone with a pure light, and her voice was full of tenderness.

"Mother, Mary Edna loves you, I know.""Yes, Delia, without a doubt, and who could help loving her?

I never tire of watching her lovely face, and am thankful that heaven cast her lot with us.

When the principle first came to me, and with it your Aunt Ethelinda, it was a trial then to both of us, but we have overcome, and we welcomed Mary Edna with sincerity, and realize a true happiness in her society, in extending our support in her inexperience, and in preventing any of those little trials (which arise through thoughtlessness), which, in our earlier years, sometimes clouded our happiness, but we are now all the dearer to each other, knowing so well each other's struggles and victory.""Mother, did you take Aunt Ethelinda's first babe into your heart—her first babe—as you have this one?""Delia, yes!

I should have been devoid of a woman's heart if I had not.""Mother, there are few women like you.""And, Delia, few like Ethelinda.

Think what it must have been to her, a young girl, of high family and superior education, with more than one most worthy suitor;

her own maidenly ideal of woman's highest prize, to love and be beloved by the worthiest, with whom, union for life, eternal fidelity, one to one, were almost as positive laws of her nature, as worship of her Creator; think of her, listening to the teaching of a new law in this age—the restoration of God's ancient law in obedience to His command;

and imagine, if you can, the heroism of her acceptance, the immolation of self.

To resign the past, and accept the second, not the first place, in a husband's home and name, to hide

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

even the knowledge of that union from the world, to occupy an ambiguous position, instead of an openly acknowledged and proud one, and then, at last, to welcome her first-born babe in an obscure retreat, with only a few trusted ones to share her joy and sorrow.""Mother, I never knew all this before.""No, dear child, it has been too sacred an experience to repeat.

And are we not all thankful that it is not repeated in our Mary Edna's case?

Would not Ethelinda's heart ache over again if it were so?""Yes, mother, truly yes.

But how did dear Aunt Ethelinda bear it; she was of so high spirit, and secrecy and obloquy are so repugnant to her?

I wonder she ever endured even a moment's doubt in her friends regarding her honor and position.

And dear brother Joe, I could cry to think of his birthplace.

Ah, shall I not love them more than ever!

Poor Aunt Ethelinda, I could go this moment and ask her to forgive me, if I have ever thoughtlessly caused her pain.""Dear daughter, even you my eldest girl, have not learned the grandeur and strength of her character.

She is pure and humble as a child, in obedience to every heaven-born principle.

She is deep in spiritual knowledge and faith, and grand in her devotion to her Heavenly Father; my spirit trembles with its reverence for her, for I know she would not hesitate to lay down her life rather than renounce or desert the work of God.

Has she not faced the mob, and even interposed her youthful form between them and her husband's place of rest, where he lay, worn out with persecution and fatigue, and not even the cry of her own babe could call her from her place!

O, Delia, never wake these memories into words again, or my own weakness will break me.""O, mother! pardon me!

How little we know each other—how little strangers understand our people!

How I shall, more than ever, love and reverence dear

Aunt Ethelinda, who has been near me all my life, and I never knew her so well as now;

and you, mother—who have taught me all of this.

Neither shall ever an ungenerous thought rise up against our Mary Edna's presence here.

O, mother!

if this trial ever comes to me, I will, come to you for wisdom, strength and peace.""My daughter, I will be with you, and with your father's and our heavenly Parent's help, you will find eternal calm."Delia rose and kissed her mother's lips; baby started in his sleep, for the hall door down stairs opened, footsteps and merry voices came nearer—the ball was over, it was twelve o'clock.

"How sweet, and quiet, and warm!"said Mary Edna, coming directly where her rosy babe still lay in those loving arms.

"I'm so thankful to you—I've had such a pleasant evening!""Just what you needed, dear; you're not to be tied down too close, and lose your accustomed entertainments, just because you're a mother now; you must keep up the light in your eyes, and the bloom in your cheeks.

Now you may have him, and let us all go down to prayers."With a parting glance at her sleeping treasures, Delia followed.

The Bishop came forward and whispered to his wife, "Dear, did the men take those little 'notions'around the ward?

I attended to the heavy things with the team."She brightly answered, "Yes, early in the evening.""Come, children, let us have prayers."Then, the loving "good-nights"were said, and quietly the gathered family ascended the old familiar stairs to the little rooms so dear to memory; one by one the lights below were out, footsteps died away, silence drew her magic influence round, and the last sound was the soft touch and whisper of the flurrying, falling snow against the window panes.

One o'clock!

No one heard it but Delia, and in her half- dreaming sleep the chime and reverberation, reaching to her thrilled being, sounded those other words—home, mother—and the'snow at the window whispered hush—sh—sh.

CHRISTMAS MORNING.

The first thing the Bishop saw in the morning, as he stood in the hall, at five o'clock, was a little figure at the head of the stairs, clothed in white, with golden

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

hair flowing adown her shoulders.

"Bless the child!"said he, hurrying up and lifting her in his arms.

"Cathie, it's a little too early to come down, the fires are just started;

let mother dress you, and I'll wait and take you in first, if that's it?""I wanted the first kiss, too, Christmas morning, grandpa;"and she wound her warm arms around his neck, and laid the silken hair against his brown face.

"It's yonrs, Cathie, and the last one too;

there, get dressed."Twenty minutes later the whole house was astir;

drums, trumpets, whistles, singing tops, harmonicas, crying dolls and laughing children;

was there ever anything to equal Christmas morning, and who ever knew children to want any breakfast on that occasion?

And how beautiful the room looked, decorated with evergreens and berries of the mountain ash, and a few chrysanthemums, in place of the historic holly and mistletoe, to make it look more like Christmas.

The Bishop's prayer contained more doctrine than many a sermon might have done, and the spirit of it pervaded all the scene.

Breakfast over, the men went out to the barn, and the girls got through the morning preparations for the day, and then dressed for a sleighride before dinner.

The streets were alive with sleighs, cutters, yes, and the small boys'sleds; the rich outfit and the poor one all held happy occupants.

Then the return home!

It fairly looked like a race, the very animals seemed possessed with the determination to outdistance the coming, or passing sleighs.

The very jingle of the bells seemed to say, "Don't try to get ahead of me, of me, of me.""Have we got an appetite for dinner?

Just wait and see, pa. We're a little late, perhaps, but we don't get such a jolly crowd as this together but once a year.

'Summer's the time for fun,'indeed!

Give me Christmas every time. We saw everybody, and the snow's splendid deep.

My! the horses fairly flew, and almost took away our very breath!""Well,"said the Bishop, mischievously, "I see you've brought home some roses, if it is Christmas.

Come to dinner."What wonder, if the dinner hour were prolonged till dusk?

And such a table!

Home raised turkeys, chickens, and every other good thing, without stint or plainness, and also many delicacies from other climes:

the bloom covered raisins, nuts and oranges from far oft scented isles, and the red or golden apples of their own bounteous orchard, vied with each other and lightened up the whole.

The meal over, they adjourned to the sitting room.

Cathie's white apron was laid aside, and she climbed to grandpa's knee.

The pretty pale blue merino, with the deep lace collar and flounce, the golden, silken hair, softly waving from her forehead to her shoulders, and lifting, like fairy floss, at every turn she made; the blue eyes and sweet fair face; Cathie looked like a creature of heaven astray on earth.

She put up the little right hand, backward, to find and caress his face.

"Is it time for the story, grandpa?""Wait,"said the Bishop, "till we are all here, and we will have some music and singing, first."Cathie settled down quietly, and patiently waited, watching them gather in.

The gentlemen came first, but the ladies had gone to make some finishing touches in their attire for the evening.

They came in presently, first grandma and Aunt Ethelinda, in black silks, with lovely white kerchiefs round their necks, and soft lace at the wrists.

Grandma wore an old fashioned broach, and Aunt Ethelinda a string of gold beads that she always wore, and never changed for other adornment.

Then Mary Edna, in blue cashmere, and looking fairer than ever.

Delia came next, her garnet colored dress, rendering the clear paleness of her refined face, contrasted with the satin, smooth, black hair, and dark spiritual eyes, more beautiful than she had looked for many a year.

Brother Dan, with his two wives, who always dressed alike, in ink-blue silk and velvet, and their pretty group in white dresses.

Brother Joe's brown eyed wife, her seal-brown dress lightened at the neck by rose colored ribbon looped in a knot of lace;

and brother

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

Frank's wife, whom everybody called a beauty because of her rare coloring.

Hair neither red nor auburn, and in rippling waves that would reach to her waist; brow and neck that were white as milk and cheeks aglow with the bloom of health.

Would you look for grey eyes in a face like this?

Grey, serious eyes that in sudden thought were sometimes darkest, deepest blue?

The dress she wore matched well her face; shaded and blended gold and brown, with a glint here and there like a ruby's gleam.

Then Phebe, the bride.

Could you look in her face with its delicate bloom, as you see on a peach, and the brown, short curls softly shading her brow, and her eyes—you would know sorrow never had come to trouble their depths, nothing deeper than this, mother's loving rebuke, or sometimes the fear that her lover's fine face might be lost to some other.

'Twas like looking at lilacs in springtime that night; a soft silk, tinted just like the mother of pearl, and a small ruby pin held the lace in her neck. And her young lover-husband, how happy he looked.

EfHe, in wine-colored, warm, glowing headdress, with fanciful silver necklace. And then Ettie, in gold and white, with purple pansies in corsage and hair.

Last of all came Aunt Catherine in silver-grey silk and filmy lace, a silver comb in her dark hair—her only ornament.

This was the group at the Bishop's fireside, contented, comfortable and all unneedful of "the world's"pity or aid.

"Now,"said the Bishop, "we are all here, let us have a Church hymn;

let us all sing 'Zion, dear Zion.'"When this was finished, grandma asked, ''Can't the grand-children sing something?"and they rose and sang "Christmas Bells are Ringing,"beginning:

"Soft the world lay dreaming, dreaming,

On the morning of His birth;

Earth's pure snow-veil gleaming, gleaming,

When the Christ-child came on earth."

Then the brothers and sisters, with violin, organ and sweet voices, sang "Home, Sweet Home,"and "The Mother's Farewell,"from the beautiful "Norma."Aunt Catherine looked up when this began, as though it touched some hidden thought, but the look passed.

At the conclusion, the Bishop gently spoke, "Now let us listen to Aunt Catherine's story."And she began:

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

"My story is not gathered from the realms of fiction, but from the forgotten record of the past, nothing different, perhaps, from many others that might be told, or what may be happening even now all around us;

but at the early period in which it occurred, and for the lesson it then prominently conveyed, it was at the time fraught with peculiar interest to all who were familiar with it as relative or friend; and to such of these as are still living, it has never lost its pathos and its force."Grandma's tender face turned toward the leaping flames, pensively, and Aunt Ethelinda looked earnestly at the speaker;

they had guessed the story she would tell;

you might have known, they were among these "friends still living."

Eulalie Winters, was the cherished child of her parents; born and reared all her childhood amid persecutions and wanderings, her health was frail, her spirit timid yet confiding toward those whom she had known all her life as companion exiles from the far off outside world.

Thoughtful from the character of her surroundings which could not but have pressed heavily upon her sensitive nature;

and prayerful, for she had early learned that for the Latterday Saint, there is only one Friend to rely on.

She knew this now, would she always remember it?

So, the impress of life as it had been to her, had left its character upon her youthful face;

delicately tinted with pure health, beautiful and refined in its outlines, gentle and in.

describably sweet in its expression, she was beautiful, though she had never been praised as such; her smooth brown hair was simply arranged, as though she knew not its silken beauty and abundance, but the chief charm of her face were the large blue eyes, almost black

English violets, I used to call them with their long, curved, black lashes.

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

She would have been, in some other places, an artist's beauty.

Among us she was a dear, lovely, pure hearted girl, and we looked forward to a future of happiness and goodness, such as becomes a daughter in Israel.

Never was a daughter bound in purer confidence to a mother, or more dutiful devotion to a father. Among her associates in those happy days there were no envious criticisms of personal beauty or acquired accomplishments, no thought of flirtation or boastful conquest; the youth of our people mingled frankly and purely together, the maidens either sincerely received the attentions of their brotherly companions, or gently declined them.

Scarcely had Eulalie reached that period of life when a daily companion possibly becomes a beau, than she had more than one sincere but bashful admirer.

This seemed natural enough and created no stir in her own feelings or anxiety with her parents.

They were good Mormon boys, all of them—whichever Eulalie should yet choose would be received by them with approval and blessing.

Wealth, at that time, formed no part in their considerations; young couples thought little of display and wedding gifts except from near and dear relatives.

Their pleasures and entertainments were also simple and devoid of display or vain pretense; and unions that brought about love, lasting peace and increasing honor with their years.

An era of prosperity began to dawn upon our people, strangers began to wend their way hither, and by honorable course, won first the courtesy, and later, the hospitality and a degree of confidence among the people.

In those times when a party were winter-bound among us (it was long before the advent of railroads), much reserve was sure to wear away before the spring came.

Strangers had to live somewhere, and as there were few occasions of public entertainment, say ward parties, the well behaved stranger was sure to find his way there earlier or later.

And so it chanced that during a long winter's entertainments, Eulalie met and unavoidably formed the acquaintance of an outsider of honorable name and position in his own part of our country.

Springtime came, but it did not bear away this stranger as it did many others.

He had watched with growing interest the pure-faced Mormon girl, and had weighed in his mind her utter lack of frivolity and heartlessness, the absence of all superficial attainments or manners, and often wondered what his own stylish, elegant relatives would think of her.

"They'd try and remodel her—spoil her,"was his inward comment.

And yet he often wished he could see her attired as would become an exquisite beauty, for it was so to his eyes; the freshness, sweetness and dignity.

Often his fancy pictured her dressed so, or so, and imagined the admiring, eager eyes that would follow her wherever she might appear; how women would envy her, and men him, the proud possession of this lovely human flower.

Then how, after all, his own would reproach him for the "Mormon"stranger he brought into their midst.

How timid and alone she would be with no truly loving heart but his to confide in. Ought he to dare his own world?

Ought he to take her away from her mountain home?

Would not the mountain wild flower wither in the heated, false-hearted cities of the world?

Or, might she not change—women sometimes had stepped.from obscurity to a throne, even, and- worn their honors as though born to them, and had, in gaining the majesty, lost the sweetness of the vanished past.

Could he take her away—perhaps she would never consent to leave her own associations for his sake.

Could he be tied here for her's?

Long months passed by while he studied these questions, and as he thought them over and over again, the violet eyes grew darker and tenderer, the sweet face lovelier, yet she never knew it, but lived on, growing dearer to the fond ones, who had watched her all her life.

Long before she dreamed of the stranger's thoughts regarding her, her Mormon boy lovers had suspected it, as other creatures scent danger in the air, and scarce knowing how best to proceed

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

in their own interests, were by turns too bluntly kind, or too brusquely independent and offhand, causing Kulalie to sometimes look with surprised face, wondering what it all meant.

It was not likely that any information was to be volunteered by her boy lovers, either by gentle intimation or defiant denunciation of the handsome stranger;

either would be acknowledgement of his progress, and they would rather have thrashed him to soothe their own feelings, but dared not so break the good order for which their city was noted.

Neither would either confide in the other, as yet, to arrive at a solution of the distressing question; but "somebody"had much more weighty attention bestowed gratuitously on him, and unconsciously to himself, than he could have believed possible.

If either of them passed him with an extra stamp or two, or threw a stone or so with astonishing force and celerity at some offending object invisible to his eyes, he never saw any personal application in the incident, he merely continued gracefully and indifferently his way, courteously ignoring the inelegance of the act, and thereby appearing more desperately objectionable than before.

At parties it was just as bad, the quiet, cultivated manner, operated as a menacing insult to thejr hostile feelings, and intensified their private reflections, "putting on airs,"was the comment.

Early in the summer, Moroni proposed to Jared a picnic party of one day up a canyon.

An affinity of spirit comprehended and grasped the idea.

"Who's to go?"An extended list was given, without, however, any mention of any obnoxious person.

"I s'pose Somebody '11 expect to go;

he boards with some you've mentioned?""Well, I guess we'll have to admit of it, though likely it'll not be so agreeable as a ball room, but we'll try and make it as pleasant as we can.""Oh, certainly."The mountain boys hoped to show themselves in their natural element, and the stranger entirely out of his.

Fire-arms were included in the outfit, and a splendid good time was anticipated.

Some saddle horses were provided extra, for certain young gentlemen felt as though some extraordinary feats of horsemanship could alone relieve them of their superabundant emotions, and might assist in giving "Somebody"a hint as to the abilities of "Somebody else."They didn't think "Somebody"had ever rode a broncho, and fondly hoped that the spirit of emulation might be aroused in his breast to make the experiment.

Each laughed to himself, fancying "Somebody's"inglorious exploits, and imagined the defeat completed.

The boys did not wish him any harm, but considered him an unrighteous intruder.

"What right had he, anyway, to come around one of our girls, and one we've known all our lives;

and would he be as good to her?

Not by a long sight.

Why couldn't he go back and get one of his own stylish kind?

just wait till this picnic's over, that'll do."

So reflected these young gentlemen.

A very exuberant party rode up the canyon one bright, warm day, early in June.

The mayflowers had not all departed, the maples and willows tossed their light branches over the rushing water, health inspiring breezes wandered down the narrow way, birds flitted, butterflies loitered, the creek foamed and roared almost above the sound of their voices, and every mile onward the scene grew richer hued and grander in its nature.

In a sheltered bend under the mountain side, a grassy, wood-fringed plat invited the party to halt.

A little rivulet ran down to the creek, and alongside its gently sloping banks wild flowers and ferns grew riotously, birds whirred up from their nests, and a wild duck or two raised before them and were away, a rabbit darted here and there, squirrels and chipmunks started almost under their feet.

A state of continual delight and successive surprises filled the minds of old and young, with the exception of two certain young gentlemen, who kept "Somebody"continually in mind, ignoring anything strange or new or surprising, in this wild retreat, as mountain boys should do when a "city fellow"is

THE MO TH AND THE FLAME.

along, continually taking it all in with undisguised admiration.

These young gentlemen lounged or sauntered around, indifferent to casual observation, but intensely wide awake in themselves to all that passed; while a lunch was hastily spread out for their sharpened appetites.

"Somebody"had gracefully insinuated his services and attentions to Eulalie before her lifetime iriends, Moroni and Jared, could prevail upon themselves to approach with even an ordinary salutation; but didn't they take out some satisfaction on the cold chicken, cream cheese and currant pie?

A mountain boy never had the slightest idea of committing slow suicide by starvation, he'd rather have a load of wood upset on him.

Eulalie's mother was there, and with a discerning sympathy kindly addressed them occasionally, and they appreciated her manifestations with genuine heartiness, even consenting to take additional stock in golden doughnuts and service berry preserves.

The silent bond of sympathy helped to lighten their oppressed spirits, and when the meal was over and they began a preliminary survey of their surroundings—merely a visual one, one of the girls pointed out a scarlet- shouldered blackbird on a branch that overhung the creek.

Instantly a pebble, aimed with fatal accuracy, flew past, and the -bird fell fluttering in the stream.

"O, Jared!"and Eulalie's regretful eyes turned upon him.

"He didn't mean to hit it, Eulalie,"said her mother, gently, and unintentionally touching his pride in his skill.

"Didn't mean to hit what I aimed at, Sister Winters?

I always mean to, but I didn't think about its being a living thing,"he replied in self vindication and by way of apology to Eulalie, and feeling uncomfortable called to Moroni, "lets try for that black knot on that limb."One after another the missiles'hit the mark, and one by one the other young men came forward to try their skill, until even "somebody"entered the list, and also proved himself a good marksman.

Satisfied, he turned to Eulalie, and pointing out and gathering curiosities in botany, he soon drew and absorbed the attention of several of their party.

This became irksome to certain young gentlemen.

"Let's have a shooting match of our own style,"called Moroni, and several of the boys immediately congregated around him.

"Let us watch them,''said Eulalie, feeling a degree of pride in the well known efficiency of her companions.

Courteously willing to turn to whatever interested her, he stood beside her.

As one threw up the rough stones high in the air, the great majority of them were shattered in their descent by the whizzing bullets.

"Try it?"asked one of the boys.

"Somebody"bowed, drew his own pistol and competed with well trained skill and equal success.

Apparent satisfaction reigned, and the game was ended for another.

"Want to try a ride, boys?"Immediately several horses were in readiness, and the short race began, for some, but two certain horses performed several feats beside racing.

Plunging, rearing, jumping stifflegged, and occasionally refusing to budge;

they attracted general interest, and considerable alarm among the more timid members of the party.

A shriek went up, for Jared's horse after a frantic leap came down flat on one side, and simultaneously, the rider lightly sprang to the ground.

That'll do, let somebody else try it,"suggested Moroni, and at this gentle intimation, the only one that had not yet participated in the exciting races, came forward to where the irritated animal stood, ready to shy at any approach.

Jared graciously hesitated, and then yielded the bridle to the obnoxious party with a very grim smile.

Who and what was the man?

for as he stroked the creature's head, it quivered, but did not start from him, and in a moment or two longer, followed him like a pet dog.

He leaped into the saddle, and the heretofore fractious animal gracefully went through its different gaits as though with pleasure.

Dismounting, he resigned the bridle to Jared, and strolled indifferently away.

"How did you do that?"It was Eulalie's father asked the question, and he answered with quiet respect, "easily

IOO

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

enough, it is only will power."Unable to hold in longer, Moroni addressed him, "Will power—what would you do if a wild bull should take after you?""I would catch his eye and quell him,"was the steadfast reply, with a look, that Moroni tossed off as a bird shakes the water from its plumage.

"Better make that broncho over there go to sleep,"said Moroni, pointing to his own refractory steed.

Eulalie looked at him with appealing eyes, but it was too late to try to appease him, and he continued nonchalantly;

"Of course he'd go off just like a lamb.""I think likely, he would,"replied somebody.

"Just what I'd admire to see;"persisted Moroni.

Eulalie looked in the stranger's thoughtful face wonderingly, questioningly.

That decided him; he rose, and with his hands behind him, walked toward the animal that was still chaffing and ugly.

He watched it a moment till it answered his eye; a moment longer, and it looked at him steadily, then walked up to him.

Not till then did he reach out his hand to stroke it, to pat its head, neck and shoulders, and resting his hand heavily on its head, it sank to its knees, and then laid full length upon the ground, insensible to sound of voice or crack of whip.

The charmer withdrew a few paces, and the animal lay still as death.

"Wake him,"said he to Jared.

Jared pulled at the bridle, and called by name, but the creature never stirred.

He stepped back and said nothing, and one looked to another wonderingly and in silence.

The charmer went forward, gently stroked the prostrate creature, spoke to it—"wake up, rise up."The body quivered, the eyes opened, the limbs struggled, and with his hand motioning gracefully upward, upward, above its head, the horse sprang to its feet.

"All right,"said the charmer cheerfully, and patting the creature in farewell, he turned away as if nothing had happened; and as though to break the stillness that had fallen over the party;

"let's ramble around a little, and find something new.""Come mother,"said Eulalie, and the party in twos and threes turned to explore the little valley, all in sight and sound of each other, gathering flowers, ferns and other curiosities attractive to the eye.

Moroni and Jared whispered a little together.

It was undoubtedly a good idea, for they laughed heartily.

A few moments later, a beautiful mountain ash, with its scarlet seed clusters, shone out brightly amid the surrounding green maples.

"Who'll climb that ash for the topmost berries, for a lady's wreath?"challenged Jared.

Several delighted voices cried out "Oh!"

Eulalie looked gently at the boys, "Don't,"she said, "it looks dangerous;

I don't think anyone would wish for them;

something dreadful might happen, and then, who could forgive themselves."This only inspired them afresh, and with a cheery shout they led off, followed by the other boys, in a race for the ash tree.

One gentleman did not follow; several elderly gentlemen did not; but

I refer to one certain person who walked with Eulalie and her parents.

Very soon after, occasional glimpses of durable Utah-made jeans might have been seen, and hearty voices heard; and if any one had been very close, they might have heard in lower tones, some allusions to "store clothes,"which seemed to produce an inspiring and happy effect. The scarlet berries were gathered from the topmost boughs, and swinging their hats with a cheer, they began their descent and soon divided their offerings impartially among the girls.

"Let us try the echoes,"said one of the girls, and began to sing:

"For the strength of the hills we bless thee,

Our God, our fathers'God."The boys joined in with full spirit and the hymn rose grandly above the voice of the waters and the soft wind in the tree tops.

Never had that hymn sounded so well to those mountain children as then and there.

"Shall we not hear you sing?"asked one of the ladies of the stranger in their midst.

He bowed, smiled, paused a moment, and then sang a Tyrolese echo song.

To Eulalie this was so new, so beautiful.

The boys could see that her thoughts were busy with the singer; they summed up all the day, and they began to see surely

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

IOI through the vague surroundings, one truth; and when some one proposed to build a camp-fire, just for the sight of it in the shadows of the mountains, they were glad to busy themselves and push aside the thought.

Soon its bright flames leaped like life, its warmth reached all around, its crackle and roar were like familiar voices to the boys;

and as they sat around it while the sun went over the western mountain tops, and the outer circle of shadows deepened, a little moth came fluttering toward the bright light and graceful, curling clouds of smoke;

it circled softly round, it ventured nearer and nearer to the warmth and glow, the dazzling light;

the current of heated air drew it closer into the narrowing circles, and then hovering an instant over the glowing red heat of the fire, it darted in and was lost to sight.

Jared and Moroni had both watched it, and they looked one to the other, and then at Eulalie.

She sat absorbed in thought, her face lighted with almost unreal beauty by the crimson firelight.

The charmer spoke, and her eyes quickly looked up to his face.

Jared rose, "Folks, shall we go? We shall not get out of the canyon till dark, and then there's a long ride by moonlight.""Yes,"answered Eulalie's father, "Come, girls, all wrap up warmly against the eve'ning air, and we'll be off."

The rest quickly followed suit, the horses were harnessed, the wheels rolled swiftly along the narrow, descending road, and soon the camp-fire was far behind, and at last its dying light was shut out by a sharp turn in the road.

"Moroni, I've had enough picnic to last me.""Yes, Jeddie, it has been worse than all the parties, it has been a failure.

Did you notice how she handed him those berries to look at, and he took them and fastened them in her wide-brimmed hat himself, as though he had gathered them?"Moroni savagely knocked off an overhanging branch as they whirled along, and resumed:

"I've waited and waited to get up my courage to speak to her, and couldn't do it, but thought she might guess enough, and so have you, I know it.

Now, there isn't another girl I'd hurry myself for—no disrespect to any of our girls, they're all, every one of them, too good for anybody but their own kind but I couldn't ever pin an hour's steady thought on any one but her; but

I'll say this much, true and honest:

I'd rather give her up to anyone of our own good boys than to a stranger; and here's the last strike!

You and I, each, write her a square, plump letter and put in the question, and hand it to her father or her mother, they're on our side, and it she takes you, Jeddie, God bless you!

and if she takes me, I've acted fair anyway; and if she drops us both—heaven be with her, and we'll be her best friends as long as we live, whether she ever knows it or not.

Will you be with me?"Jared reflected a moment.

"Moroni, its a hard bargain to make, but I guess its the only chance.

Yes, I'll do it, shake hands.

Heaven be with us, and keep Eulalie from his snare."And then

Jared jammed his clenched fists down to the very bottom of his pockets.

Eulalie rode home silently, and for several days was thoughtful and changed;

she was like one listening for a voice, a coming footstep, and it came, again and again.

The night after the picnic, two very honest hearted and desperately earnest young men struggled long with pen and paper.

Many revised and torn up copies were evidence how difficult it was to compose a letter on such a subject without emphatic allusions to "somebody."When finished, the authors each expressed himself to himself that it was the "biggest and hardest piece of work he had ever done."When one letter was handed to Eulalie's father with a frank, manly air, with the question:

"Brother Winters, would you have any objection to my sending this by your hand?"he answered "no, Moroni, I'll deliver it with plasure,"the Mormon boy knew it was all understood.

A little later in the same day, Jared dismounted from his horse at the front gate of the Winters'home, having previously seen

Eulalie at a safe distance,

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

in the currant hedgerow in a far away corner of the farm lot, and timidly knocked at the diningroom door.

It was opened by Sister Winters, who cordially invited the young man in.

"No, thank you,"said he, tremulously holding out a letter;

"with your permission, I'd like to leave this, for—""Ah!

yes, I see.

Certainly, Jeddie; won't you come in and wait a while?""I must be going, on some business,"nervously prevaricated Jared.

"Come this evening, then, and have an old time sociable visit,"said she, kindly.

Jared never remembered his exact reply, but as he hastened away, fearing Eulalie's return, he said:

"That look was as good as a blessing."When Eulalie came in with her pretty basket of purple black currants, her mother gently spoke:

"Dear, here is a letter from a true friend."Eulalie silently took it and in an absent way slipped it in her pocket without opening it.

At supper, the father rummaged a while in an inside pocket, and then produced his charge.

"Daughter, here's something from as good a boy as ever grew up in these mountains.

I wasn't looking for it quite so soon, but it's all right."Eulalie glanced at her mother and blushed; the mother was silent.

Late in the evening, when after a little conference with mother, her father had gone out to a meeting, Eulalie stole to her mother's side by the bright fire, and laid both letters in her lap.

"Read them, please, mother."The trembling girl sat down on a footstool at her mother's side.

The mother read them and gently asked, "Did you wish to ask me any question, dear?""Yes, mother, I don't know how to do;

I wish I had never received them.""Eulalie, they are both good young men, you have always been happy friends, they are of our people and our faith, and are, either of them, worthy of your love if you can give it in return, and your parents will honor your choice by every bounty with which God has blessed us.""Mother, I don't mean that, you don't understand—I can't—Oh, mother, read this,"and Eulalie slipped another, a dainty, perfumed missive into her hand.

Bewildered, pained, the mother read, and then spoke with eager earnestness.

"Eulalie—child—what does this mean?

This stranger to steal into our midst and without honoring the parents who have guarded you all your life, to ask what is here conveyed!

Eulalie, this stranger we know nothing of; our own Mormon boys we do know—the record of their lives is before us plain and fair.""Mother, the difference!

not only in appearance and manner, but even—look!

and she held up the three messages, two of them on common enough paper, and very plain and unscholarly chirography;

the other—a thing of beauty in its elegant penmanship, and charming in its every line to her inexperienced mind.

And the three messages ran thus:

Miss Eulalie Winters:

Dear Friend.—I don't need to say much of myself, you know me already.

If there is no other Mormon boy you prefer, and you will accept my faithful promises for your future happiness, you will never have cause to be disappointed.

This letter is to your respected parents, also.

I wouldn't sly around for the world.

I am not very good at writing, or at talking, either; but I intend to be a Latter-day Saint if I know how.

Yours, Moroni White.

And here is the next:

Miss Eulalie Winters:

Don't be offended with me for writing, but I think you will understand me, when I say, my hopes and happiness lie in one scale, my fears lest I am too bold in the other.

Could you lay a written word "yes,"in the first?

I will hand this to your mother.

Your brother and friend, Jared Morris.

eulalie.

Under the silent stars, Dreaming, I wait.

Ah, could my eager heart Read there my fate.

Silence more sweet to me, Than ever stole

THE MO TH AND THE FLAME.

Music from silken strings Of harps of gold.

Borne on its spirit wings, Softly I hear Answering, while I wait, Love, I am here!

Daylight and starlight through,

Steadfast as fate, Until thy heart I win, Ever I wait.

"Child, did you despise them before this stranger came?""Mother, I do not despise them now;

I know they are worthy and faithful friends, but oh, no one ever spoke my name as he does; the memory of that alone would be sweeter to me and worth more than the faithfulness of another's whole life!""Child, is this reason?""I do not know, I only know it is love.""Eulalie, would you leave us, and leave your faith, for the handsome face and fair words of a stranger?""Mother, he would not ask it, he is too noble, too kind.""Eulalie, he is governed by no power but his own will and pleasure;

they are absolute and merciless; he would blight your life, Eulalie!"

She held out the three messages, watching the almost child-face, so lovely and so dear in this perilous hour; the face she had watched and kept so long, in truest, sweetest bond, and that now was wavering—was being lured away from her.

Eulalie gazed as with fascinated eyes, pondered, trembled, then took the fairest—took her fate into her own hand and into her charmed heart.

Her mother leaned forward, and, clasping her trembling child to her aching heart, sobbed bitterly and long.

The father hoped this might be overcome by gentle counsel, and the companionship of the young and gay, but time proved the depth of the fascination and only strengthened its growth.

The boys came to the merry gatherings at the house, not as rivals, but because the father kindly urged them to, hoping for good from it, and saw the fair face growing brighter and happier, for love is a beautifier even of the loveliest; and as the days passed they said, "poor little moth, she is fluttering nearer the flame."

Then came at last, the wedding day a day of sorrow and tears for the mother, of deep bitterness to the father, and regret to all who had known her from her childhood.

The very elegance and richness of her bridal robes (ordered from the far east), was a bitter mockery of all those trials and persecutions, during which her sweet, young life had been shielded and tenderly guarded by all that love, truest and undying love could do.

He was not to take her away from her kindred and the home of her girlhood.

That much of promise her father had exacted and won.

But they seldom saw her, and in his presence they felt no freedom as of old; sometimes she came to them shyly and sadly sweet;

sometimes sent for father and mother, and he was courteous, but never warm toward them.

One stormy night he came for them;

she had called for father and mother so often, and at last he had yielded.

As they watched by her bedside, heartfelt but unuttered prayer wrestled long and earnestly for the precious life, and it was spared.

"Clarence,"she whispered, a few days later, "will you grant me a dear wish?"He smiled so fondly, she felt it was already granted.

"I want baby to be blessed by father, when he is eight days old."A stern look, a half derisive smile, stole over his face.

"Eulalie, I thought you had outgrown such ideas;

no, certainly not.

Say no more about it or you will displease me."As he went out of the room, the white face turned away to hide its pain.

The shock, added to the long growing and hidden troubles in her heart, hindered her recovery, and strength came slowly back—never fully.

He was kind to her as he understood kindness; he provided bounteously, lavishly.

No toil had ever soiled her dainty hands, apparel rich and elegant had shown to fuller advantage the graceful form, and every menial care had been shut out from her sight. Beautiful and refined surroundings fur-

THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.

nished by an ample income and exquisite taste, had brought out her nature's fairest attributes;

but the melancholy of a spirit lacking its sweetest food, its inborn worship, wrought sure and slow decay.

And the fragile babe drank in the sorrow of its mother's soul, its growing thirst and hunger for the true riches and joy of life.

It met the secret sadness in the lovely eyes and gentle face that wore their tender smile in vain disguise; and as her strength wore slowly less, its feebler life passed swifter to its end.

Six months—how brief a period to learn life's sweetest and its saddest hours.

Eulalie started from her dumb despair and looked imploringly into his face as she heard these slowly spoken words:

"The burial service shall be that of my own church."How cruel looked its every handsome line; what mockery in its tender smile;

no mercy in the eyes whose charming drew her footsteps from her own loved home.

Not words or even tears made answer to him; mute, wounded, hopeless, failing, she watched them robe her precious babe; she cringed in misery as they laid him in his silvered casket's bed, and heard deep in her tortured mind the service strange, so different from her own belief, so void of comfort and of help.

How strange it seems, that coming back in the house, whence one we love has been borne out!

No throng of friends can make it seem less empty and less cold.

"Let mother stay with me just a little while, just a few days.""Certainly;"and he sought and brought her mother to her side.

He left them there together, with his tenderest smile and kindest words;

left them alone together once more—mother and daughter.

"Mother, I have done wrong, I did not realize it then, but I have suffered for it all.

The world and ours are not alike, they cannot blend, and vain and lost is every hope that leans thereon.

Mother, say to the boys and girls I've never loved them less, I never thought to leave them as I have;

oh, tell them I have learned to prize their rough, true hearts more than the life I blindly chose.

I loved him and I could not answer no;

I love him yet, and I am charmed and chained until my soul is free.

The time is near, I follow where my babe has gone;

I know no bonds of earthly creeds can keep him from our Father's reach;

I know I am forgiven.

Mother, you'll do my work for me some time?

I want my father and my husband here."The mother went to the door of an outer room:"Eulalie wants you both.""Mother, did you see what I did at the camp fire in the canyon—the moth and the flame?""It was nothing, dear;

don't trouble about it.""Yes, mother, I knew then that I was a moth, and I have been wrapped in the flame."She looked up to her father with her old time sweet way, and lifted her arms to clasp his neck.

"Daughter, be comforted.""Father, I'm going to Him with a broken heart and a contrite spirit;

will He not take me and my baby?""Yes, child,"he sobbed.

Her husband's step sounded in the doorway.

"Clarence, grant my only wish?""I do,"he answered, for he felt another, stronger power was there, and the spell of the "will power"was broken in its presence.

"Give my body to my father and my mother, and lay my baby in my grave.""Eulalie,"he pleaded—his pride was swept away like chaff before the wind "my light, my earth, my heaven, my life!"But the violet eyes looked calmly, fearlessly into his, the first time in her life.

"I am free, no tie of earth can hold me now;

I go to that God whose laws I had forsaken;

I bear to Him my broken heart, broken against an earthly idol whom I have worshiped, wronging Him.

Grateful I feel each life-string rend, each moment's suffering bears me further hence.

Farewell, dear father, mother, till we meet again—Clarence, earth-love, farewell forever!

Mother once more—"she leaned forward to those dear arms, and in the impassioned clasp and kiss the light of life, the fire of sorrow, died.

Vera.

"I preserve my strength by husbanding it,"said a wife, as she ordered her other half to bring in a bucket of coal.

KHARTOUM.

KHARTOUM.

General Lord Wolseley is leading an English army of some thousands of men from Cairo to Khartoum, a distance ollowing the course of the Nile of nearly nineteen hundred miles into the fiery heart of Africa, or about twelve hundred miles in a straight line from the Mediterranean Sea.

The enterprise is so full of difficulty and danger that some of the most experienced African travelers, such as Sir Samuel Baker and his comrades, have not the usual British confidence in the success of their countryman.

The object of this expedition is the rescue of General C. G. Gordon, "Chinese"Gordon, who is at Khartoum in the service of the English Government, and was for a time supposed to be in great danger there.

But Mr. Stanley, the American explorer, who returned from the interior of Africa a few weeks ago, gave it as his opinion that General Gordon was reasonably safe in Khartoum, and that, in any case, he could escape from it whenever he chose.

Mr.

Gladstone, as it appears, believed Stanley's report, which subsequent events have in a measure confirmed.

His colleages in the ministry believed it.

The Liberal party of England believed it.

Nevertheless Lord Wolseley gathered his troops, prepared 'his boats, and now moves on toward the upper waters of the mighty river. Those who wish to know why he does so, must first know where and what Khartoum is, and then consider what Great Britain has been doing in the world during the last hundred and fifty years.

(General Wolseley's present movement is in continuation of the policy which sent Gen.

Braddock through the Alleghanies in 1755, to expel the French from Fort -Duquesne, at the junction of the Alleghany and Monongahela rivers.

To the future of Africa Khartoum is probably of as much importance as Pittsburgh can ever be to the United States; but whatever power is master of the little point of land at the junction of the two rivers which uni'.e to form the Ohjlo, is master also of the whole valley t f *3* the Mississippi.

Khartoum is at the junction of the two rivers, which used to be called the White Nile and the Blue Nile, from the color of their waters.

We now know that the White Nile is the Nile, the wondrous stream that rises in the great lakes of Central Africa, flows northward three thousand three hundred and seventy miles, and empties into the

Mediterranean Sea; while the Blue Nile is but a tributary, which rises in Abyssinia, Hows nine hundred and sixty miles, and pours into the Nile at Khartoum.

What North America was to the world of business and enterprise in 1755, Africa now is; and what Fort Duquesne was to

North America, Khartoum is to Africa.

General Wolseley thus continues General

Braddock's work, and contributes to settle the great question, which shall be the dominant power of a vast continent,

France or England.

Like Pittsburgh, Khartoum is the terminus of one great region and the beginning of a greater.

It is the depot of what civilization produces, and the starting-place of the caravans which convey its products to the negro tribes that can give ivory, gold, oil and cotton in exchange for them.

Above all, it is the centre, the stronghold and the chief mart, of the slave-trade, which, profitable as it is, is death to all other trade, and is opposed both to the interests and to the feelings of the English people.

With an English garrison and an English governor at Khartoum, the slave-trade in Africa ceases, and the dark continent is practically added to the domain of civilization.

If the reader will study a recent map of Africa in the light of the explorations of Baker, Speke, Stanley, and others, he will perceive that nature has done her part towards the creation of populous and wealthy States in the interior of that great Continent.

It looks now as though man were about to do the rest.

Khartoum in 1S19, like Chicago, was a mere military post, established by the forethought of Mehemet Ali.

It became speedily the centre of the trade

io6 KHARTOUM.

in gum-arabic, ivory and palm-oil, and its population increased.

The wild African is a man of business in a rude way; he knows how to sell at a profit, and has some perseverance in gathering the productions of his fertile land.

He has herds of cattle also.

A traveler in Africa needs money or its equivalent just as much as he does in France or New York.

Our Indians, on the contrary, are helpless aristocrats, who can give in a lordly way, but cannot sell so as to make gain. No pioneer ever established in the Indian country a growing mart, like Khartoum, to which the red men brought fur, nuts, game and maize.

For many years Khartoum was one of the most doleful and deadly places on earth. When Sir Samuel and Lady Baker first saw it, in June, 1862, they found it filthy, unhealthy, and utterly repulsive to every human sense.

The point of land at the junction of the two rivers was lined with miserable huts, and the land was so low that these were liable to be overflowed.

All around as far as the eye could reach was nothing but a sandy desert.

A swarm ot thirty thousand half-naked and dirty people were huddled together in the town, which had neither drains nor cesspools; and if an animal died in the street, the carcass remained to create pestilence.

The business of the town was conducted by about thirty Europeans, most of whom were Germans, French, or Italians.

The rest of the population was composed of Syrians, Egyptians, Turks, Copts and Arabs.

The European traders inhabited respectable houses, and there was a mansion of some pretensions for the Governor-General of the Soudan, a Turk, whom Sir Samuel Baker describes, with British simplicity, as one who united in himself the sensuality of his nation with "the brutality of a wild animal."Ten years later, Mr. Alvah Southworth, correspondent of the New York

Herald, hove in sight of Khartoum.

What a Chicago-like transformation His vessel was boarded early in the morning by a messenger of the Governor-General bringing telegraphic despatches from Cairo!

A consular-agent of the United States came on board.

The stars and stripes floated in the breeze from the Consulate on shore.

The aspect of the town as he approached it, he describes as "most charming,"and he mentions several particulars of the scene, such as,—"The mud- mansions, the tropical foliage, the broad palms and weeping domes, the thousands upon thousands of natives who had gathered to witness our arrival, all garbed in the light costumes of the Soudan, the boats hauled up on the beach for repairs, the miniature blockade-runner steamers which had been brought from Lower Egypt over twelve rocky cataracts, the bales of cotton heaped on the banks, the sacks of gum, the tusks of ivory, and the stevedore population, who brave crocodiles to earn their paltry paras."Dashing by these strange objects, he dropped anchor opposite the palace of the Governor- General, and received from the grounds of the American Consulate a salute of twenty-one guns A park of artillery in the public square gave him twelve guns more, and two military bands struck up some lively airs.

A parade of fifteen hundred black soldiers organized itself forthwith, and escorted him to the palace.

When he had made his choice of a residence, he was obliged to work his way to it through bands of music and companies of soldiers, while the cannons again thundered over the town.

More surprising still, an Egyptian telegraph operator obeyed his summons, and transmitted to the Herald in New York a telegraphic despatch In ten years Khartoum had become a city, wherein it was possible for civilization to exist, and a mart so important that nations were contending covertly for its possession.

Mr. South worth found the slave-trade in full activity and carried on without any pretense of concealment.

He was himself offered a pretty Abyssinian girl of eighteen years of age for a hundred dollars; and he gave freedom to another girl at an expense of one hundred and fifty-five dollars.

She had been cruelly stolen from her parents, and his heart

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

was touched by her artless story.

One thing that he saw at Khartoum was "the bales of cotton heaped up on the banks of the river."A railroad of three hundred miles would connect the Red Sea with the Nile below Khartoum, and probably there are readers of to-day who will live to hear of Cook's tourists going from Cairo to Khartoum in four days, and wearing shirts made of cotton raised in the Soudan.

Mr. Southworth bears strong testimony to the capacity of the people, who are going to raise a portion of England's supply of cotton.

He says:

"I have been amazed at the keen intelligence and native wisdom of all the people along the banks of the Nile as high up as Khartoum. They need only the ordinary agents of civilization to place them among the thrifty peoples of the earth."All this was known to the rulers of Egypt, particularly the late Khedive, who fully intended to do what the English arc- about to attempt.

He assured the correspondent of the Herald that the Soudan could produce in boundless abundance everything which England now gets from India, including cotton and sugar.

The Khedive exulted at the prospects of province.

"The cultivable land,"said he, with enthusiasm, "is millions upon millions of acres!

The soil is virgin, and once a railroad passes through it, interior commerce will spring up and a flood of emigration invade the

Soudan!"Youth's Companion.

Only those who have thoughts like lightning deserve to have a voice like thunder to utter them.

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

Moreover, celestial marriage was established among the Saints by revelation (see Doctrine and Covenants, Sec.

132).

They did not practice polygamy and then pretend to receive a revelation to cover up their supposed iniquity. The revelation came from the Lord through

Joseph Smith, but the Elders were loth to 'obey it, because it came in contact with all their prejudices and traditions;

but having unbounded faith in the revelation, and believing they would be under great condemnation if they did not comply with its requirements, they set aside their prejudices, disregarded the scoffs of the world, and obeyed what they believed to be, and what they still believe to be, the voice of God, trusting in Him to sustain them and deliver them from any peril that might threaten them in consequence of their obedience to His law.

The faith of the Saints in the revelation commanding them to practice celestial marriage, was strengthened byreading in the Scripture how the Lord blessed and approved the actions of those who practiced plural marriage in past ages.

They read of faithful Abraham taking Hagar, the handmaid of his wife Sarah, to wife;

and when trouble arose in the family and Hagar departed from her husband's household, an angel of the Lord met her and commanded her to return (Genesis xvi, 9), which, it plural marriage were sinful, the angel would not have done, but would rather have encouraged her in her flight from that which was evil.

Nowhere do we find the Lord reproving Abraham for taking Hagar to wife;

on the contrary when the Lord appeared unto him some time after the birth of Ishmael, He promised him a son by his w: re Sarah, through whom all the seed of Abraham was to be blessed.

And when Abraham prayed for the welfare of Ishmael the Lord promised to bless him also, saying:

"And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee;

Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly;

twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation."(Genesis xvii, 20.) Subsequently, when about to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah, the Lord again visits Abraham, renews the promise that Sarah

ioS CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

shall yet have a son, calls Abraham His friend, and reveals unto him His intentions of destroying the cities of the plain;

and then Abraham successfully pleads for the righteous within the cities.

In all this there appears no displeasure towards

Abraham for marrying more wives than one.

The history of Jacob furnishes still more striking proofs of God's approval of polygamy.

The story of his marrying the two daughters of Laban is too well known to need repeating here. But when Rachel realized her barrenness she gave her handmaid, Bilhah, to be her husband's wife, and she bore Jacob a son.

"And Rachel said, 'God hath judged me, and hath heard my voice, and hath given me a son.'"(Genesis xxx, 6.) Then, when Leah saw that she had left off bearing children, she took Zilpah, her maid, and gave her to Jacob to wife;

and the sacred writer adds:

"And God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived and bear unto Jacob a fifth son. And Leah said: God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband."(Genesis xxx, 17, 18.) Again: "And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened unto her, and opened her womb, and she conceived and bear a son;

and said: God hath taken away my reproach."(Genesis xxx, 22, 23.) If plurality of wives were wrong in the sight of God, would he bless in so remarkable a manner those who practiced it?

Would he hear the prayers of those polygamous wives, and answer them with blessings—take away the reproach of the barren Rachel, the second wife of

Jacob, and make her fruitful, and give more children unto Leah as her "hire"for giving her husband another wife when he already had three? We think not.

If a plurality of wives, I mean, of course, as practiced by Abraham, Jacob, and the prophets, is a sin at all it must be adultery—it can be classed as no other.

In Galatians, v, 19-21, we read:

"Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these:

adultery, fornication, uncleanness, and such like, of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in times past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God."The adulterer, then, cannot inherit the kingdom of God; but we find the following coming from the lips of Jesus concerning Abraham, Jacob and the prophets:

"There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth when ye shall see Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and all the prophets in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out."(Luke xiii, 28.) Again:

"And I say unto you, that many shall come from the east and west and shall sit down with Abraham, Isaac and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven."(Matthew viii, 11.) We are driven to the conclusion by this testimony that polygamy is not adultery, for were it so considered, then Abraham, Jacob and the prophets who practiced it would not be allowed an inheritance in the kingdom of heaven; and if polygamy is not adultery then it cannot be classed as a sin at all.

David, the king of Israel, and a "man whose heart,"we are informed, "was perfect before the Lord,"had a plurality of wives.

His first wife was the daughter of Saul; but while fleeing as a fugitive before the king of Israel, he married Abigail, the widow of Nabal, and also Ahinoam, of Jezrell, "and they were both of them his wives."(I Samuel xxv, 42, 43.) Yet notwithstanding David practiced a principle which the Christians of to-day denounce as evil, we are taught by the Scripture that "David did that which was right in the eyes of the Lord and turned not aside from anything that He commanded him all the days of his life, save only in the matter of Uriah the Hittite."(1 Kings xv, 5.) If David did that which was right in the eyes of the Lord all the days of his life, except in the matter of Uriah's wife, he must have done that which was right in the eyes of the Lord when he took Abigail and Ahinoam to be his wives;

hence a plurality of wives, as David practiced it, must be right in the sight of God.

David's great sin in the case of Uriah's wife also throws some light on the subject in hand.

The circumstance is well known—David committed adultery with

Bathsheba, the wife of Uriah, and then

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OT COKCRESS.

had her husband placed in the front of the battle where he was murdered.

For this accursed crime the Lord sent Nathan, the prophet, to reprove David.

In the course of that reproof Nathan said:

"Thus saith the Lord God of Israel, 1 anointed thee king over Israel, and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul; and I gave unto thee thy master's house, and thy master's wives into thy bosom, and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that had been too 'ittle, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things."(11 Samuel xii, 7, S From this we learn that the Lord not only gave David the kingdom of Israel and Judah, but also delivered him out of the hands of Saul, and gave unto him his master's wives into his bosom, and intimates that if this was not enough he would have given unto him more wives.

If polygamy were sinful, was it not wrong for the Lord to give unto

David the widows of Saul into his bosom when he already had several wives?

If for a man to have a plurality of wives is sinful, then in this instance at least the Lord was a party to the wrong. And the

Christians of to-day who, in the face of the truth just pointed out, still insist on the sinfulness of polygamy—virtually accuse

God of being a party to the evil.

After the death of her husband, Bathsheba became the wife of David; but the child which was the fruits of David's adulterous connection with the woman was smitten by the Lord with death;

and all David's fasting and praying was of no avail to save it.

(11 Samuel xii.) After Bathsheba became the polygamous wife of David, however, she bore unto him another son—they called his name Solomon, "and the Lord loved him."(11 Samuel xii, 24.) When King David waxed old and usurpers were laying their plans to secure the throne of Israel to themselves, instead of Nathan the prophet coming with a severe reproof from the Lord, we find him uniting with

Zadock the priest in an effort to place this polygamous child Solomon on the throne of his father David, and they were successful, Solomon became king.

(1 Kings i, ii.) The Lord appears to sanction his appointment also, for no sooner is Solomon made king than the Lord appears to him and promises to grant whatever he might desire; and when Salomon prayed for wisdom, the Lord promised to bestow it upon him in rich abundance, together with long life, honor and great riches.

(1 Kings iii.) Solomon was also chosen to build a temple to the Lord (1 Kings v, 5), and when it was dedicated the glory of God filled the house in attestation of Divine acceptance.

(1 Kings viii, 10, 11.) The Lord also appeared unto Solomon and gave him an assurance that the temple was accepted.

(1 Kings ix, 1-3.) What a contrast between the child begotten in adultery and the one born in polygamy!

The one is smitten of the Lord with death in his infancy, the other is "loved of the Lord,"exalted to the throne of his father David, chosen to build a temple to God, who gives most positive and public proo rs of His acceptance of it, and also reveals himself unto him, warning and encouraging him.

Surely in all tins the Lord God has stamped adultery with unmistakable marks of His displeasure, while, on the other hand, He has set his seal of approval on polygamy.

Neither is the case of Solomon the only instance where God acknowledges and blesses the children born in polygamy.

When Jacob, just previous to his death, blessed his children, he bestowed as great blessings upon the children of his polygamous wives as upon the children of Leah, nay, the blessing of Joseph the son of Rachel, is greater than that pronounced upon any one of the rest.

(See Genesis xlix, 22-26;

also, Deuteronomy xxxiii, 13-18.) Moreover, when Reuben, Jacob's oldest son, by transgression lost his birthright, instead of the birthright falling to Simeon, the next oldest son, we are informed that it was given unto the sons of Joseph.

(1 Chronicles v, 1, 2.) We learn from the description given of the New Jerusalem that there will be twelve gates in the wall surrounding the city, and on these gates will be written

no CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

the names of the twelve sons of Jacob, born of his four wives.

We have already quoted the words of Jesus, showing that polygamous Abraham, Jacob and the prophets will be in the kingdom of God, and will doubtless have their abode in this New Jerusalem, so that it appears that if our modern friends, who so bitterly oppose the practice of the Saints in having a plurality of wives, ever go to heaven, gain an admittance into the "heavenly city,"it will be by passing through a gate upon which is written the name of a polygamous child, only to be ushered into the presence of such notorious polygamists as Abraham,

Jacob and many of the old prophets.

It appears to the writer that modern Christians must either learn to tolerate polygamy or give up for ever the glorious hope of resting in Abraham's bosom—

a hope which has ever given a silvery lining to the clouds, which hang about the deathbed of the dying Christian.

But the indignant unbeliever in the rightfulness of a plurality of wives, rather than associate with polygamists may prefer to pluck off his crown, lay aside the golden harp of many strings, give up the pleasure of walking the goldpaved streets of the city whose "builder and maker is God,"and take up their abode outside where the whoremonger, the liar and hypocrite dwells, and where there is weeping and gnashing of teeth.

Surely he must either do this or make up his mind to honor those who believe in and practice plurality of wives—more properly celestial marriage.

Right here it might be as well to mention the fact that, according to the genealogies given by Matthew and Luke, so far as the earthly parentage of Jesus is concerned, He came of a polygamous lineage, some of His progenitors being polygamous children, and many of them practiced that form of marriage.

Surely some other line of descent would have been chosen for the Son of God if polygamy were sinful.

In the laws given to ancient Israel and God was their law-giver—we find several, which more than foreshadow the permission to practice plurality of wives.

Here is one in Exodus xxi:

7—12, which regulates the practice by forbidding the husband to diminish the food of the first wife, her raiment, or her duty of marriage when he takes him another wife:

"If he take him another wife, her food [i. c, of the first wife), her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish."Again, we find a law regulating inheritances in families:

"If a man have two wives, one beloved and another hated, and they have borne him children, both the beloved and the hated;

and if thy first-born son be hers that was hated:

then it shall be, when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath, that he may not make the son of the beloved first-born before the son of the hated» which is indeed the first-born:

but he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the first-born, by giving him a double portion of all that he hath;

for he is the beginning of his strength: the right of the first-born is his."(Deut.

xxi:

I5—I7-) It may be claimed that this law relates to cases of a man having two wives in succession, and that is true; but it also relates to the case of a man having two wives simultaneously; and this idea is more forcible when we remember that

Israel- was a polygamous nation;

and this is where the force comes in as an argument concerning plural marriage:

both women are regarded as wives their rights and the rights of their children are considered equal; and if the second wife, even though she be hated, should bear the first son, that son must not be defrauded of his birthright, he must inherit a double portion of his father's possessions.

This construction is not strained, it is natural, and proves that God intended to provide for the rights of the polygamous wife, as well as to protect the first wife in hers.

This careful legislation gives us another instance of God's approval of polygamy.

We quote another law:

"If brethren dwell together, and one of them die, and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger:

her husband's brother shall go in unto

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

in her, and take her unto him to wife, and perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her, and it shall be, that the first-born which she beareth shall succeed in the name of the brother, which is dead, that his name be not put out of Israel."(Deut. xxv:

5, 6.) How eminently unjust this law would be if God regarded polygamy as sinful, and prohibited its practice!

Under such circumstances a young man would be liable to have forced upon him his brother's wife, and would be debarred from making any choice of a wife for himself.

But there is no provision in the law which exempted a man who already had a wife from t iking his deceased brother's wife—it is as binding on those already married as upon the single, and would occasionally enforce the practice of polygamy.

Those who refused to comply with the requirements of this law were disgraced before all Israel by the wife of the deceased brother, before all the Elders, loosing the latchet of his shoes, and spitting in his face, and forever after "his name shall be called in Israel, The house of him that hath his shoe loosed."(Deut. xxv:

9, 10.) Is it possible tliat God was such an imperfect legislator that He enacted laws for Mis people, which, if obeyed, would enforce upon them the practice of that which was sinful, that which would destroy the purity of the family, and undermine the prosperity of the state?

Yet such must be our conclusions if we adopt the opinions of the modern religionist, moralist, and statesman who persist in saying that a plurality of wives, even though practiced under divine direction, and hedged about with all the restraining influences of religion, will result in these calamities to society.

Need we comment on this presumption in poor, weak, short- sighted man, or exclaim how consummate is that egotism that will call in question the wisdom of the great Jehovah's laws?

The following is a summary of reasons we have for believing that God approves of a plurality of wives as practiced by the ancient patriarchs, and many of the leaders and prophets of Israel:

First.—When a polygamous wife deserted the family of which she was a member, the Lord sent an angel to bid her return to that family, and promised to 111, ike her seed a great nation.

Second.—The Lord heard and answered the prayers of polygamous wives, Messing their connection with their husbands by granting diem children; and, in the case of Rachel, the second wife of Jacob, performing what men call a "miracle"—making the barren fruitful—in attestation of His approval of her polygamous marriage with

Jacob.

Third.—The men who practiced plural marriage by no means forfeited the peculiar blessings promised to them before they were polygamies; on the contrary, the promises were renewed to them, and greater blessings added—God continuing their friend, and revealing Himself and His purposes to them.

Fourth.—God Himself gave unto David a plurality of wives, thus becoming a party to the evil, if polygamy be sinful.

Fifth.—God owned and blessed the issue of polygamous marriages—making a marked contrast between them and illegitimate children.

Sixth.—So far as the earthly parentage of Jesus is concerned, He came of a polygamous lineage, which certainly would not have occurred had polygamy been unlawful and the issue spurious.

Seventh.—The Lord gave unto ancient

Israel a number of laws under which polygamy was not only permitted, but in some instances made obligatory.

B. H. Roberts.

CATCHING A BULLET.

The feat which "brings down the house"at an exhibition of legerdemain is the magician's catching between his teeth a marked bullet fired from a pistol by one of his company.

The trick may be performed in several ways, which are described, as follows, by a writer in a Scotch magazine:

Robert Houdin, the inventor, performed it in a different manner from that

A CHRISTMAS TRIfiCTE.

usually adopted by his successors.

His pistol, powder and caps were all destitute of guile;

but the leaden bullet chosen was dexterously exchanged for one made of graphite or plumbago—ordinary pencil black-lead—and this was smashed to powder by the ramrod pressing it home.

The method is now considered open to two great objections.

The first—a very tangible one—was demonstrated to the originator himself before the close of his career by a severe wound which he received, owing to the fragments of the brittle ball not having been sufficiently stamped to powder.

The other lies in the fact that, although a real bullet is selected by the spectator, it must be placed in the conjurer's hands for introduction into the firearm, in order to admit of the substitution;

for the nature of the black-lead missile would be immediately obvious by reason of its light weight.

The mode of performing this surprising trick at the present day is as follows:

One member of the audience places in the pistol or rifle—an ordinary one—

a charge of real powder; a second is asked to choose and privately mark a real bullet from a box of such, which he himself drops into the barrel, and a third rams the whole tightly down with the ramrod, either retaining possession of the weapon from that moment, or passing it to some one else.

But in the act 'of moving from the first to the second—that is to say, between the introduction of the powder and the ball the performer slips into the barrel a little tube about an inch in length, which slides down to the charge, and afterwards receives the bullet.

This tube, closed at one end, is of just such a size, shape, and color as to fit on the end of the ramrod, and be brought away with it without being noticeable.

It is disengaged by the wizard, and the ball secured as he walks back to the stage, and is put inside the lips in readiness in the very act of showing that the mouth is empty.

Houdin, who was pre-eminent for neatness and finish, used to conclude this trick by making a long palaver about the mysterious properties of lead in extracting vital essences from the body, then firing the bullet himself at a whitewashed wall, and producing thereon a splash of red, the ball having been exchanged this time for a hollow shell of black wax filled with a blood-colored liquid.

A CHRISTMAS TRIBUTE.

Behold, this Christmas eve; behold the sun

Sink grandly in the west!

See how his train Of fairy isles, rich laden with bright gold,

The treasures of his light, in tender love

Caressing linger near;

brightly they float In a sea of molten gold, saying farewell,

Though loth to speak it.

See how the hand of God Can paint!

Look far!

Look near!

Skeptic, now bow Thy head Follower of Christ, bend humbly now

The knee.

Praise him aloud!

Sing; heart of mine, For joy!

Cast far away thy earthly cares

And praise thy God.

Thy works are glorious, Father of all good!

The silvery stream, and wooded dell and hill

We see;

and, mingled with a thought of heaven, Admire and love Thy grace;

for Thou, we know, Art He who made the heaven and earth and bright

Blue firmament above.

Thy hand it was Which placed the shining gems in yonder vault,

A CHRISTMAS TRIBUTE.

Formed the majestic and all-seeing sun

With its great weight of glory; shaped the queenly moon,

Fair regent of the night, to sail in joy

Amid the soft expanse of atmospheric ocean!

O, my God!

with wh.it high glory hast Thou clothed

Those worlds of peace and light!

Their bright eyes burn With potency to search our hearts and find

The secrets which they hide.

If there be augbl Of purity, how gladly it responds!

If evil there, as quickly doth it shrink Back from close contact with the light of stars!

We look below: Thy hand hath built this lovely world.

Its vales, its mountains grand, its forests dark, Its rippling streams—all, all were nude by Thee!

Thou sendest forth the storm-king in his rage

As if a sprite of wrath went forth to haunt

The peaceful homes of men, to rend their souls

With piteous grief for tales of wond'rous woe

And earth's dark mysteries.

When Spring returns, Thou sendest Thine angels forth to dye the flow'is

With hues celestial.

Who of us shall say That each sweet tint of frail and fairy leaf

Speaks not of heaven still, though now of earth?

Father of love and light, how shall our hearts

Render sufficient gratitude to Thee, the great

Of all?

Inspire our minds with peace and joy

This night!

Help us to pour our Christmas carol forth

Filled with thanksgiving and with praise to Thee.

Who know our human weakness well.

Our souls Are stained with earth's corruptions.

Dark has been The conflict oft; Thine aid alone has m ide us strong.

To-night, in memory of the holy Child We offer unto Thee our hearts'best praise.

We gaze upon the stars—the lovely Christmas stars!

Shone they so bright when erst Thy Son was born?

Sang they for joy?

So say they;

yet red Mars Has flourished well since that sweet Christmas morn!

Firth has known evil things;

the fallen prince Has had dominion o'er her sons since then;

Much has she suffered; wrong has ruled her since

The heavenly chant was heard: "Good will to men."

Low have we fall'n, our Father!

scarce to rise again ( 'an we find strength—yet on Thine arm we lean Well trusting Thee.

We know Thy love is true, Thy mercy great, Thy knowledge infinite

Thou know'st our hearts are Thine, though ofttimes sin

Doth lead us from Thy path.

Help us, O Lord, To overcome, that we may enter in

At the straight gate, exalted by Thy word.

For this did dawn, in ages long since fled,

The auspicious Christmas morn;

for this He died, The Savior of our souls!

Can we neglect To render homage?

Would our lips could speak The thanks our deep hearts own!

Searcher of hearts, Thou know'st it all.

Accept our Christmas hymn Our soul's deep love, our gratitude, our joy!

Ruby Lamont.

ii4 EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, December, 1884.

PRIZE STORY AND POEM.

The committee chosen to select the Christmas Story and Poem, and award the prizes to the most deserving, after carefully reading all that were handed in, unanimously agreed upon those which appear in this number of the magazine.

The beautiful story from the pen of "Vera,"entitled "The Moth and the Flame,"will doubtless meet the expectations of our readers.

It is a full realization of our own hopes.

In establishing the "Contributor Souvenir Medal,"and bestowing it, together with the prize offered, upon the successful competitor for the Christmas Story, we were desirous of creating as lively an interest as possible among those having the ability to write and to commence what we intend to be an annual custom, that shall increase in interest and value as the years roll on.

Last year was the first that we asked for and advertised a

Prize Christmas Story, and the response by those who had previously written for the Contributor, was very much better than we had expected.

The story, "Angela,"by Mrs. Augusta J. Crocheron, was more of a reminiscence than romance, but was told in such elegant language, and wrought out with so many fine literary embellishments that it won the immediate and lasting praise of committee, editor and readers.

The medal, which was described at the time, was the first ever given by the Contributor, and among those which will probably follow, each successive year, it will always possess a certain charm from that fact.

This year, the same talented lady again carries off the prize and medal, and we feel sure that, though a change is sometimes considered good, the verdict of our readers will be, when they have read the splendid story which won it, that it is well bestowed.

The theme, the style and elegance, the moral of "The Moth and the Flame,"will entirely satisfy the readers of the Contributor from Ovid to St. George, from

East to West.

The money prize for the story was twenty-five dollars, and the medal, from an original design, is of solid gold, and is composed of a shield with raised edges, bearing the inscription:

"The Contributor Prize Christmas Story.

1884."The shield is hung by links from two pens crossed, and bearing the pin by which the medal is attached to a marine blue ribbon.

It is considered, by those who have examined it, to be quite neat and appropriate, and somewhat in advance of the medal of 18S3 artistically, as it is in intrinsic value.

The "Christmas Tribute,"by Ruby Lamont, was written, it is but fair to state, without expectation or intention of entering it for competition for the prize offered by us, and it will no doubt be a great surprise to the writer, Mrs.

Maria M. Johnson, of Glenwood, to discover that it was received in time and has carried off the prize—a fine Webster's Unabridged Dictionary and ten dollars.

It is unnecessary to review this beautiful poem,which certainly possesses features that are indicative of genius in the writer, and with which our readers are already somewhat familiar.

The qualities that secured "A Prayer,"(the only other poem from this gifted lady's pen, which we have published), a first place among the poetic contributions of our people are also seen in the present composition.

It affords us greater pleasure than we can express to encourage the talent which is unmistakable in the writings of Mrs. Johnson; especially as the lady is a native of Utah, young in years, and has acquired her education by persistent energy, with unusual obstacles in her path from the beginning.

We trust the selections made by the committee will meet the approval their

THE FARMER'S ACCOUNT WITH THE SOIL.

i merit deserves, and while deeply regretting the unfortunate delays that almost throw the appearance of these choice contributions out of season, hope their excellence will palliate the feelings of disappointment the "long time coming"may have produced.

OUR GIFT DICTIONARIES.

The attention of our agents, the officers of Associations, and of all interested in the Contributor, is called to the offer we make to give away Ten Webster's Unabridged Dictionaries to the Associations of the ten wards having the largest paid up subscription lists April 6th, 1SS5. These valuable presents will add more to the Association libraries than any other one book could, and they are being quite eagerly sought after by some of the Associations.

Statements are being prepared which will indicate the number of subscribers in each ward, and the comparative chance each has of getting one of the dictionaries.

These should be carefully considered, and the agents, and certainly the officers of Associations, whose prospects are fair, ought to strive to make sure of the gift.

It is our hope th.it the diciionaries will fall into the hands of Associations widely scattered over the Territory; not only because we would be glad to have the circulation of the magazine equalized, but for the good we are sure this invaluable work of reference will do if widely circulated and extensively used.

An account appeared in one of our home papers, some time ago, of a difficulty arising among the people of a small ward, over the difference of opinion on the meaning of a word, a word that one would suppose every one, especially of our people, would perfectly understand.

It was "connubial."One of the contestants claimed that the word had a vulgar significance, and ought not to be used by a speaker in public. Those who differed with him, finally, to settle the dispute, wrote to the editor of the Desyrel News, who having looked it up in a Webster's Unabridged Dictionary, replied through the columns of the paper, and thereby ended the controversy.

If the Association in that ward had been supplied with a dictionary, it would have obviated the exposure ol ignorance, and saved the time and perhaps feelings of those who were interested parties.

The moral of this narration is appnrent.

Let officers and agents be unceasing in their exertions until April 6th, and at least ten Associations will be made happy.

THE FARMER'S ACCOUNT WITH THE SOIL.

The rapid advance in scientific knowledge which characterizes the present century, has, among other things, done much to show great simplicity in matters which were once regarded as exceedingly complex.

Indeed, many of the laws of natural phenomena, as far as understood, are found to be eminently simple in their nature and application, and Goethe was by no means unwise in his remark:

"The earth is very simple, else it never could have lasted so long."

Ignorance of cause will tend to greatly magnify effect, whilst mystery disappears as understanding advances.

Such general observations are strikingly applicable to our present subject.

The generosity of Mother Earth in so bountifully yielding her riches, year after year, must have formed food for many a thoughtful mind;

though, undoubtedly, such food has not been as widely devoured as it ought to have been, since the subject is of almost universal interest;

for truly "the profit of the earth is for all; the king himself is served by the field."The relationship existing between soil and plant is the simple one of giver and receiver.

Tiie process of absolute creation, or formation from nothing, is no more possible in the sphere of plant-life than elsewhere;

and every particle of substance which the plant possesses has

n6 THE FAkMER'S ACCOUNT WITH THE SOIL.

been obtained from some external source.

The thoughtful farmer knows that this source is by no means inexhaustible, and that some return to the soil is indispensable for a continuation of the yearly yield.

Nearly a half century ago, the distinguished chemist, Baron Von Liebig pointed out that the matter of plants consisted of two kinds of substances:

(i) the combustible or organic portion, and (2) the mineral or saline portion, which is incombustible.

The first class of substances is derived mostly from the air and water, with which the plant is supplied while the incombustible portion, or ash, represents matter taken out of the soil.

It is plain that the changing currents of the atmosphere will effectually supply the plant with ever-fresh air-food;

and the fact is equally clear that the soil is not so constantly and expeditiously renewed.

Consequently, the yearly removal of crops, carrying with them large proportions of ash, is a process of impoverishment, for which there ought to be made an adequate compensation. To meet this demand, the farmer applies fertilizers to his lands.

When plants are allowed to grow and die naturally, their decay on the spot of their growth returns to the soil at that place all the matter formerly taken from it.

In the case of trees, such a return is still more clearly shown.

That part of the tree which consists most largely of incombustible matter or ash, and consequently the part which represents the greatest drain upon the soil is the leaf.

The scientific eye sees, as the leaf shoots out, innumerable currents flowing from root to topmost twig, and carrying along, in solution, the very particles which originally composed the rock and dirt below;

to spread them out, partly along the trunk and branches, but especially in the expanded leaves.

Vet the soil does not seem to become readily barren for trees. We hive doubtlessly read of the "King Oak"and "Queen Oak,"and other "distinguished monarchs of the forest"which have flourished each for over a century, and then did not appear to die because of dearth in the food supply, since younger trees sprout and thrive on the very spots.

Nature, however, carefully returns to the soil when the leaves fall, all of the borrowed material which had been used to build up the summer foliage.

A few years ago the House of Commons of England had brought to its notice the rapid decline and death of a number of trees in Kensington Gardens, which catastrophe seemed satisfactorily explained to the mind of the Commissioner of Works as "owing to the impoverished soil, and the terrible neglect of timely thinning fifty or sixty years ago."A practical writer of the times declares the trees to "have been officially and artificially killed by those who ought to possess sufficient knowledge ol agricultural chemistry to understand the necessary consequences of their conduct."He further says:

"The agricultural vandalism that I have watched with so much vexation, is the practice of annually raking and sweeping together the fallen leaves, collecting them in barrows and carts and carrying them quite away from the soil in which the trees are growing or should grow.

I have enquired of the met* thus employed whether they put anything on the ground to replace those leaves, and they have not merely replied in the negative but have been evidently surprised at such a question being asked. "*

In the large and densely packed natural forests of this country and others, the trees have continued for centuries in vigorous growth without any precaution of thinning, as every tree regularly pays back its quota of borrowed capital to the soil.

As the leaves gradually decay they give out a definite amount of heat, at the time and place best adapted for good, viz.: during the winter succeeding their fall, and over the very roots of the trees, thus forming an effectual winter coat.

Terms of condemnation quite as strong as above, are applicable to the constant use of mowing machines on city lawns;

the grass being in most ";s See"Dving Trees in Kensington Gardens,"byW. M. WillLims, F. R. A.

S., F. C. S.

THE FARMER'S ACCOUNT WITH THE SOIL.

instances entirely removed, and nothing given the soil in return.

The process may fill the heart of the tidy owner with delight over his "velvet lawn"for one year or for more; the length of time depending entirely on the natural fertility of the soil; but sooner or later that grass plot must become bald.

The writer before referred to pointed out also the great detriment which had befallen the West Indies sugar plantations, owing to the ignorance of the planters, who employed the cane begasse as fuel in boiling the syrup, and allowed the ashes to be washed into the sea.

Ture sugar consists entirely of the organic or combustible class of substances, and could be grown continuously on the soil, coming as it does entirely from the air and water; but the leaves and stems, containing much earthy matter, ought to be returned to the land or the ashes carefully distributed thereon.

The degree of exhaustion which any crop exerts on the soil, is in exact proportion to the amount of matter taken from the latter; and this is, as before stated, strictly measurable by the proportion of ash present in the plant. An example of a plant excessively exhausting to the land is found in tobacco—the large ash on the end of a burning cigar bearing strong testimony to the truth of the statement.

The average quantity of fixed matter present in dry tobacco leaves is not less than twentyfive per cent; consequently every ton of dry leaves carries from the soil about five hundred pounds of mineral matter, which is about equal to that present in fourteen tons of wheat.

There are some substances which seem to be almost universally present in plants, while otheis exist only in particular vegetables.

Usually, however, the ashes of different plants will be found to vary rather in the proportion of the ingredients than in the occurrence in one of the substances entirely absent from others. A soil containing these commonly occurring ingredients in fair proportion, would be pronounced generally fertile, while the absence of such would give to the soil the characteristics of barrenness.

Below are given the comparative analyses of two soils (according to Norton), the first column of figures applying to a soil of average fertility, without any addition of manure, and the second to a very barren soil.

Fertile P.irmi Soil.

Soil.

Organic Matter, 9-7 4.0 Silicia, 64.8 77.8 Alumina, 5-7 9.] Lime, 5-9 •4 Magnesia,.1 ')\idr of Iron, 6.] 8.1 ( Ixide of Mang.1.1 Potash,.2...

Soda, Chlorine,.2 Sulphuric Arid,.2 Phosphoric Acid, •1 Carbonic Acid, Loss, 1.4 •4 The substances named above may be considered as those most essential to fertility, for every fertile soil will be found to contain them in proportions varying between tolerably definite limits.

The most obvious explanation of barrenness, then, is the condition of poverty in the soil, by which, for the best of all reasons, it is unable to meet the demands of the growing plant, but there are other causes of lack of fertility. The physical structure of a soil may unfit it for crop bearing;

thus, it may be too wet, or too dry, too compact, or too loose, or substances may be present in hurtful excess, or some essential ingredient may be entirely absent.

For example, if chlorine, iron, magnesia, or manganese be present in any considerable quantity, the soil will be rendered highly unfavorable to vegetation.

Although the peroxide of iron (common iron rust) seems positively beneficial to vegetation, a small proportion of the protoxide proves fatal to most plants.

Plainly, then, before blind efforts should be made to improve a barren soil, a competent chemist should be consulted to point out the cause of its sterility, which once being known, the most advantageous mode of treatment will be o£ itself clear.

Hi THE FARMER'S ACCOUNT WITH THE SOIL.

It is well known that a soil may become utterly sterile for one kind of plant while remaining fertile for other crops.

In such cases the soil will be found to lack some particular substance necessary for that crop.

But the true significance of such a remark will be much clearer after an examination of analysis of the asli of several common plants.

g •C « 8 <3 jj g £, 'Si (3 £ &5 trace o-5 IO..S 10.4 7-1 Sulph'c Acid.

1.0 i-5 13.6 2.7 Phosp'c Acid, 49.2 47.0 47-3 43-3 H-3 7.<> 6.0 Chlorine, °-3 t ace 0.3 2.7 3-5 2.0 Lime, O.I 2.9 2.9 4-9 1.8 13.6 22.9 Magnesia, 17-5 15.9 10.

9-9 54 5-3 5-7 Potash, 23.2 29..

s 1*8) 27.2 Si.S 42.0 18.2 Soda,.

3-8 trace 4-4 J trace 5-2 2.3 Silica, 0.8 1-3 0.2 2.7 8.6 7.9 37-9 Iron, 0.1 trace 0.8 0.4 °-5 1.3 1-7 Charcoal in Ash and loss, 4-S 2.4 °-3 100 100 iooj IOO IOO This table would indicate the existence of three classes of plants in regard to the composition of the ash:

(1) the grains, in which phosphoric acid predominates;

(2) the root crops containing large quantities of potash and soda; and (3) the glasses in which lime and silica are abundant.

The effect which cropping has upon the soil is now apparent.

Suppose a wheat crop to have been raised year after year on new land, is it any wonder that the grain will soon fail unless phosphoric acid be supplied to replenish the unceasing drain?

If potatoes or turnips had been grown in excess, the loss would have been just as injurious, though of a different nature, as in this instance potash would have been exhausted, and before such crops could be advantageously raised, potash would have to be supplied to the soil, and no amount of phosphates or ammoniated manures would supply the deficiency.

A farmer may apply load after load of ordinary manure, and yet meet only with disappointment, while a few bushels of the lacking ingredient, at a fraction of the ordinary cost, would raise his land to a state of blooming fertility.

Many can testify to the charm-like efficacy ofo load or two of lime or plaster spread over the land, because in such soil, lime was wanting.

It ought to be remarked, that farmers have been led into serious error by the rapid effects of lime in certain cases, and, thinking to continue reaping such advantages, they add more lime without supplying other needful ingredients, till the soil appears to them hopelessly barren.

Indeed, in some parts of England, it is a proverb: "Lime enriches the father, but robs the sons;"but is the lime to be blamed in such cases?

No amount of lime will repair the injury caused by the lack of some other ingredient.

A rotation of crops, then, is beneficial because different substances are taken from the soil during succeeding years;

and the classes of plants which bear a part in every good rotation are those which have already been distinguished, viz:

grain, roots and grasses.

Suppose a farmer applies a coating of manure to his land,,and then takes off a crop of potatoes;

he will probably carry away in the potatoes most of the potash and soda of the manure, and a second crop of potatoes would not be likely to thrive as well as the first, or a third as well as the second.

However, it is still reasonable to suppose that the most of the phosphoric acid and lime of the manure still remains -and could be profitably used in the support of a crop of grain.

Such relations seem truly simple, and their contemplation would seem to indicate that a little forethought as to the nature of the soil, and of the desired crop would save considerable expense and disappointment.

It would be axiomatic to observe that a soil is incapable of giving what it does not possess.

However, there is a class of individuals of an unfortunate organization of mind who think that nothing of value in farming or anything else has been discovered since the days of their grandfathers; and they lojk with considerable disgust at any of the indications of science.

Rather than consult a chemist to leain the nature of their land, the crops best adapted to it, the kind and

HISTORICAL RECORD.

amount of manure necessary, etc., they will often lose a whole season of time besides the expense in labor and means to find out that turnips or corn will not grow on their farm.

As in most of the processes of nature, so in plant-life there is still a region of undiscovered nature;

simplicity and mystery are here wonderfully mixed.

Much has yet to be learned respecting the exact processes by which the ingredients of air, earth and water are woven into the anteous fabric of plant structure.

By what mysterious power the fragile herb can combine the elements about it into compounds which no chemist has yet learned to produce, is still in the realm of the unknown.

The delicate vegetable cell is the laboratory in which are prepared the sugars, gums, starches, and many of the acids, oils, resins and colors of high practical and commercial importance.

The Master who directs these subtile wonders has thus far kept the secret unto Himself and though Paul may plant, and Apollos may water, 'tis He alone who can give the increase.

/. E. Talmagc.

HISTORICAL RECORD.

DECEMBER.

i.

1640—The revolution commenced in Portugal.

1S56—Jedediah M. Grant, second counselor to Prest. B. Young, died in Great Salt Lake City.

2.

1S04—Napoleon I was crowned.

1S50—Meeting was held for the first time in the Council House, Great Salt Lake City.

1866—The Deseret State Telegraph Line was opened between St. George and Logan.

3.

1684—Ludvig Holberg, renowned dramatic author, was born in Bergen,

Norway; he died 1754.

4- J 795—Thos.

Carlyle, noted author, was born in Dumfreeshire, Scotland.

1782—The city of Nauvoo, Illinois, was divided into ten wards.

Geo. A.

Smith's Palestine party arrived in Amsterdam, Holland.

5.

17S2—Martin VanBuren, eighth President of the United Stales, wis born at Kinderhook, New York.

1847—At a council of the Apostles, held at Winter Quarters, Brigham Young was chosen President of the Church, with Heber C. Kimball and

Willard Richards as his counselors.

6.

1542—Mary Stuart, of Scotland, was born; she died 1587.

1792—The first coinage of United States eagles took place.

7.

1S42—Apostle O. Hyde returned to Nauvoo, from his mission to Jerusalem.

1850—A branch of the Church was organized by John Taylor and co-laborers, in Paris, France.

John W. Dawson, Utah's third governor, arrived in Great Salt Lake City.

8.

1 741—Vitus Behring, discoverer of the strait bearing his name, died on the island of Avatscha, sixty-seven years old.

1S31—Apostle Geo. Teasdale was born in England.

1832—

Bjornstjerne Bjornsen, renowned Norwegian author and politician, was born in Osterdaline, Norway.

1SS1 About one thousand persons lost their lives by the burning of the Ring theatre in Vienna, Austria.

9.

1608—John Milton, the poet, was born in London. 1S61—Luke Johnson, formerly one of the Twelve Apostles, died at O. Hyde's residence, Great Salt Lake City.

10.

1520—Luther burned the papal bulls.

184S—Napoleon III was chosen President of the French Republic.

1S55—The Legislature of Utah met for the first time in Fillmore, the new capital of Utah.

1S77—Plevna, fortification in Bulgaria, capitulated to the Russians.

11.

171S—Carl XII of Sweden, was killed in the battle before Frederikshald, Norway.

1S72—Geo. A. Smith's Palestine party arrived in Paris, France.

12.

1S50—Hiram Clark, Geo. O. Cannon, and eight other Elders, arrived

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

at Honolula, as the first missionaries to the Sandwich Islands.

13.

1S62—The battle of Fredericksburg took place.

14.

1546—Tyge Brahe, the great Danish astronomer was born; he died 16011799—George Washington died at Mount Vernon, Ya.

15.

1706—General Wayne died.

16.

1S40—Nauvoo was granted its city charter.

1S46—The Mormon Battalion left Tucson, Arizona.

17.

1828—C.

G.

Larsen, President of Emery Stake, was born in Grejs, Vejle Amt, Denmark.

1872—President Geo.

A.

Smith, and party, had an interview with M.

Thiers, President of the French Republic.

18.

1773—The Revolutionary war commenced in North America.

The Church printing office in Kirtland, Ohio, was dedicated, and the publication o,f the Evening and Morning Star re-commenced.

Jos.

Smith, Sen., was ordained Patriarch.

19.

1S3S—John Taylor and John E.

Page were ordained Apostles, in Far

West, Missouri.

20.

1842—Lorenzo D.

Barnes died at Bradford, England; he was the first Latter-day Saint Elder who died in a foreign land, i860—South Carolina seceded from the Union.

1S73—The first number of Utah Posten, the first Scandinavian newspaper in Utah, was issued in Salt Lake City; P. O. Thomassen, editor.

21.

1851—A branch of the Church was organized at Spanish Fork, Utah County.

22.

1837—Apostle Brigham Young left Kirtland, Ohio, because of the persecutions.

23.

1S05—Joseph Smith, the Prophet was born in Sharon,Windsor County,

Yermont.

1845—The famous "Bogus Brigham"arrest took place at Nauvoo, Illinois.

24.

1833—Four aged and infirm families of the Saints, living near Independence, Missouri, were cruelly driven from their homes by the mob.

25.

Captain William H. Hooper was born in Dorchester County, Maryland.

1832—Joseph Smith prophesied about the civil war between the North and the South, which commenced about twenty-eight years afterwards.

—The first general conference of the

Church in England, was held in the "Cock Pit,"Preston.

1843—O.

P.

Rockwell arrived in Nauvoo from nearly a year's imprisonment in Missouri, without conviction.

1854—The Seventies'Hall in Great Salt Lake City was dedicated.

26.

1842—Joseph Smith, Jr. was arrested the third time on a requisition from the state of Missouri.

27.

1847—At a conference held in the log tabernacle, at Kanesville, Iowa, the First Presidency of the Church was re-organized with B. Young as President, and H. C. Kimball and W.

Richards as his counselors.

28.

1874—S.

B.

Axtell was appointed governor of Utah.

29.

1809—W.

E.

Gladstone, English Prime Minister, was born in Liverpool, England.

30.

1882—Hon. W. H. Hooper died in Salt Lake City.

31.

1833—Apostle W.

Woodruff was baptized.

AndrewJenson.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

The Youth's Companion.

This ever interesting weekly journal for young people maintains its interest and increases its merit as its popularity spreads.

It is now circulated in every State and Territory of the Union, and issues about three hundred thousand copies per week.

It is the best young people's paper published outside of Utah.

Price, one dollar and seventy-five cents per year.

Perry Mason & Co., Boston.

To Mexico by Palace Car.

A little vellum bound volume issued by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company, describes the new overland route to Mexico, with many quaint descriptions of places and people on the way.

We are indebted to Mr. P.

J. Flynn, the pleasant agent of the above company in this city, for the book,which travelers are sure to read with interest.

I'. \V. M.\ I SI- m.

!•:. ii'MMi > <;

TXO. K. wrNPK.R,.IH.

c$ avl% ^aJjfa#i $k/fyf.

Sole Agents for ihe Celebrated

PARIS RANGES, Everything in Tinware and Granite

Iron Cheap as the Cheapest.

68 Maiaa street, Salt JLake Ciiy.

EMPIRE.) #fijOTHll C EMPIRE.

ictLijE BBIIV;

t Dealers and Contractors.

W^M^M^^m^^M^^MMSM^M^^\^M^M^^^W^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^ rv\ IUL^TjlJli;.

EverytHingr in cur Line ^irst Class.

All Kinds of CURED MEATS in Season.

L EMPIRE.

FIRST SOUTH Sf., (;MPIRE.

CORNER COMMERCIAL.

EL/AS MORRIS, 11 INllTiL Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and CONTRACTOR, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES & CO., Plumbers, Tinners, Gas and Steam Fitters,

Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes, -A-rtTXD SHEET XjE^.ID.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main St.

Great Vane f v.

Ait Select.

The Best and Cheapest in the Market.

JOHN READING, V. O- Box 3"fi.

Second Son: h Street -CHAS- ABBOTT &, SON, MAKE A SFECIAJ/fY OK gSaa AT IjESS THAN EASTERN PRICES.

Stove Castings, etc.

349 Sixth South Street, w.

P. O. Box 1105.

G-eiieral IMIerclrairia.Ise.EHOOSE, URTOW, OSiTE Z. C. M.

I.

The people of Utah are sensibly united in perfering those made at HI! FURTfll Salt Lake City.

Mi""Look fnr. the grand. **%£$.

A.

i ^f^YYY', M Main StM Salt Lake City.

Dr. Seymour B. Yorag, PHVSICiftW &SURGE0N Office and JWidenes, 4th East St., between South Tempi© and 1st South Sis.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, ijfo. 1237 First South Street W 5fabe ^toqtjs 019 k|# ii?e 6fyoicesf of?)Je03 ty §e^orj

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA.^^ r^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS 0©- Jill Orders entrusted to our Oar* promptly @bliv*r»d.

''v.- '-"-.-.

v.

..

\ ^^^i^^^^^Bi^L ~J&5i5i»Sg^l..

ff5m B. H. OU1JUAKD.

JUNIUS ff. WEI, MS.

H.

J. GKANT.

&SI *?* CHA»» Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

<Zii^ J'JESe IB, -fiE^flTB QTHE OHEjKPESQ;.

Office: Old. OoxistitvLtioxi. E-a.ild.iaa.g-, Salt Xjsulse Oit^r.

VOLTTIMCE SIX!, 1884-5.

The publisher takes pleasure in directing attention to sunn- of the principal features of the

New Volume, which will commence with the October number and be issued on the first-of each month thereafter:

Till: AAROXIC l»RIESTHOOI>.

A series of twelve papers by Bishop Orson F. Whitney.

This series will be accompanied by

FOUR FULL PAGE STEEL ENGRAVINGS:

Edward Partridge, First Bishop of the Church.

Newel K. Whitney, Bishop of Kirtland.

Edward Hunter, Late Presiding Bishop.

Wm, B. Preston, Present Presiding Bishop.

Biographies of each will appear with the engravings;

also biographical sketches of the late Bishops Leonard W. Hardy and Edwin D. Wooi.ley.

Historical Glimpses of Colonial

Times, By Lieut.

Richard W. Young.

The Carthaginians.

Including a brief life of Hannibal, by Maria M.

Johnson.

Popular Science Sketches, By Prof. James E. Talmage.

Health Series, By Heber J.

Richards, M.

D.

Temple Stones, By Theodore J.

Angell.

Early Home Life in New England,

And other sketches, bv Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells.

The Early Christian Church and the

Apostasy, By Elder George Reynolds.

Celestial Marriage and Congressional

Enactments.

By Elder B. H.

Roberts.

Martyrs of the Church, An account of those who have suffered martyrdom in the latter days.

Dramatic Incidents of Church History.

By H. W. Naisbitt, Esq.

Australasia and the Maories.

By W. W. Day, Esq.

Scenes and Incidents in Sunny Italy,

Bv Dr. E. B. Ferguson.

Modern India, By Elder William W. Willes.

Music in Utah, Including a tribute to the memory of the late David O. Calder, by Evan Stephens, Esq.

A PRIZE CHRISTMAS STORY AND POEM, For the "Contributor Souvenir Medal"and prizes.

Association Intelligence, Correspondence, Book Reviews, Questions and Answers and a great variety of first class reading matter.

Officers and members of Associations are urgently requested to write for the magazine.

Haunts of British Poets, Birthplace and grave of Byron;

Burns'cottage and monument; home of Shakspeare.

A Historical Record, Preserving interesting dates and events of each month, by Andrew Jenson, Esq.

TO AGENTS ANto OFFICERS OF I'. M. M. I. A:

We have made arrangements to distribute to the libraries of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, free of cost, Ten Webster's Unabridged

Dictionaries, latest edition, as described in the advertising pages of the Contributor, and sold at retail for $12.00 each, subject to the following conditions:

To the Y. M. M.

I. A. library of each of the ten Wards having the largest paid up subscription list for VOLUME Six, on the sixth day of April, 1885, will be given a Webster's Unabridged

DICTIONARY.

Any Ward able to supply thirty subscribers may hope to be one of the fortunate ten.

Agents in places where there are more Wards than one will always state the Ward every subscriber lives in when sending their names.

SUBSCRIi'TIOX: Two Hollars per Annum, in Advance.

Bound Volumes, Two Dollars and a Half.

Volumes bound in excellent style for subscribers at Fifty Cents each.

Ten per cent will be allowed Agents on collections made by them.

General Traveling Agent, Matthias

F. Cowley.

Access.

JUNSUS F. WELLS, Contributor Office, Main St., opposite Z. CM.

I., p.o. Box 305.

Salt- Lake City.

Remit bv draft, P.

O. Order or registered letter.

RE YOUR HOMES!

A Man saved $2,000 in five years, and invested it in a house.

A fire occurred and destroyed it.

The savings of years were gone in an hour, leaving him without a home or household goods.

He might have saved $1,500 had he not neglected the opportunity to insure against fire, which would only have cost him $9.00.

An opportunity presented to everybody, by First Class Companies, which have never failed to pay a loss.

Like many others, he put off the day, thinking he was safe.

But fires occur when and where least expected.

It was his turn to lose before he was insured.

It may be yours next.

Who knows?

Considering the small cost at which the best insurance can now be obtained, every man ought to insure his home, and not take the risk of losing it by fire, when great and responsible companies are willing to do so for a nominal percentage.

Many people delay insuring under the impression that it costs too much They were never more mistaken.

Look at the following figures:

For- $12.00, you can insure your house Three Years, and if a fire occurs to destroy it within that time, get $1,000.00 for your outlay.

That is, you insure $1,000.00 in case of fire at a yearly rate of $4.00, or abont cents a month, little more than one cent per day.

This in the best companies which never fail to pay.

For particulars send to or call on "*^ 4H ^ ±—*5* r"t-j B™^2*J OLD CONSTITUTION BUILDING, s-A.x/r Xj.a.k::b citt.

The Largest Insurance Jpcy in M

Geo. T.

lell Heber J. Grant.

J.

F. Grant.

GRANT, ODELL & CO., (STT0CES30RS TO Xi, B. MATTISO^T..)

Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.

DEALERS IN Wagons, Carriages, Machinery & Implements.

Tl^e Cele"br*ited.

And ROAD CARTS.

GILPIN SULKY PLOW, ^^^^*$$~**.

WALTER A.

WOODS HARVESTERS.

Massilon Thj^esher^s, Wand Plows and Way Rakes.

Harness and General Agricultural Supplies.

Agents of the Contributor.

The enterprise of agents is rolling up splendid lists in s me wards, which are determined to win the "Webster's Unabridged Dictionaries."Every -ward that can get about thirtysubscribers paid up by April 6th, 1885, stands a chance of carrying off one of these valuable premiums.

Officers of Associations and agents should not fail to do their best in canvassing and collecting before the time expires.

SEND IN YOUR LISTS WTTHOUT DELAY.

yf'c^ ^--o^gx ^D^