The Glory of God is Intelligence.

VOL. V.

FEBRUARY, 1SS4 No.

©F)e A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAX.TP X.AKE CXTPT, U'lPA**.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1884.

PAGE History of the Book of Mormon.

Contents of the Records.

IV...George Reynolds Morality in Legislation S.

IV. R The Birds'Christmas Dinner Rest Richard Smyth....

Down the St.

Lawrence J. H.

Ward The Political Situation II N.

Tanner, Jr The Warfare of the Britons Chas.

W. Stavner.

Slander B. H. Roberts Ireland and the Irish.

IV Root. S. Spence Use of Big Words Chambers's journal.

Sign of Christ's Coming.

VII.

The End R. S. Spence Retrospection Emmeline B.

Wells EDITORIAL:

Lorenzo M. Richards f Co-operation.

II H.

W. Naisbitt Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conference—Sanpete Summit JAMES MWFMS, BOOKSELLER mmM BTATI&MEM, 76 Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah, Offers to the Y. M. M. I. A. throughout Utah, the

Suitable for their Libraries.

Having had thirty years 1 experience in the business, and dieect dealings with Publishers, can gaarantee satisfaction.

Particular attention ahvai/s given to authorship of Boohs.

jpmrA PINE STOCK OP NEW WORKS ON HAND.

BACK VOLUMES OF THE CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE BOUND AT 50 CENTS BACH.

1TOT77 - IS THE TIME TO PBESEKVE THEX^:.

BOUND VOLUMES FOR SALE AT THIS OFFICE.

Bros - Zl M BURTON ^g -H|cGE]SER7IIi MERCP^PISE,$<- \->£m^^J ^5a5asa5Hsasasasasa5EsasasaHasaBasasa3asBsasasasaHBSBsasasasasasas ft IA WABlHQUSI&§fe Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

THE OLDEST, LARGEST and ost Complete Foroitnre Estalsemeot ii tie Rocky (Main.

CAMJEFWIj attention given to omdjems by mail.

H. DINWOODBY, First South Street W.

Dr. Seymonr B. Yoimg, I SURGlON.

Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

s.

HEDGES, Next to *he Contributor Office.

P. O. BOX 630.

Eym&M «§ 'Mtrett, RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South StreetsGENERAL AGENTS FOR UTAH, IDAHO AND MORIAHA,—FOR THE FAEi & mm wabois, Dealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Howers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc*, Etc.

•*&Wffis» AARON FARR, M»nag«r.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

0JTE2S A TOLL LOT 07 General GQe^ghandiseJJ**- WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH OF SALT LAKE CITY.

«!

»9 AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

•'CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK;

AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS. STATIONERY.

INK. ETC.

H.

B. CLAWSON.

Dealer In Wool, Hides, Pelts, Fore, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds. Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Olidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, WE AND UOffllOM MJOTS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER,

BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P. 0. Box, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work SJwp, 67 and 69 Main Street.

'. AUIBBACB ESTABLISHED 1864.

AML WlltfTEIfc eO©»& AT COST Ladies 7 and Children''s Furs, Dolmans, Ulsters and Cloaks, Shaiols, Shirts, Ladies'Wool Lined Shoes, Flowers, and All Winter Millinery Goods.

Gents'and Boy's Overcoats, Fur and Chinchilla Caps,

Gloves, Scarfs, Blankets and Quilts, Heavy Piece Goods, Etc.,

Our Stock of CARETPS, LINOLEUMS, CURTAINS, SHADES and FURNITURE FRINGES Are NEW and CHOICE, and WILL BE SOLD AT PRICES TO COMPETE.

Look for Spring Announcement of the Finest and Luges 1 Ssock Ever Imported to Utah Mail Orders Filleaat BBflnced Prices.l WE ARE EVER UNDERSOLD

ESTABLISHED

A£THE THREE WITNESSES.

THIS SPLENDID tip Is now "being Sold in Elegant Frames.

County and Town Agen o Address, for particulars, County and Town Agencies can be secured by energetic Canvassers at a Good Discount.

CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE, Salt I-ialse City.

yPHOLSTE—*jN+Jvt*r—

*\y, Bedding,—^VAWVW^—

FuR^NlTURJB, Feathe f^S—m*+ti/Y*r—

I Blinds, ~^*Y*/*w—

J3aBY CABBIAGES, S.P.TEASDEL SALT LAKE CITY.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN,.„js, aeuraware, notions, AND ALL KINDS OF GENERAL MEBHANDISE.

Sest 3dCou.se for Fam lly Supplies.

S. X3. TBASDEL, 1*. o. box 35%.

East Temple Street.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, CS^=/7o. 1237 First South Street W,^ZO> Jf^be ^Jtoqljs ot) i\2\f}i ffjc 6t)oicesf of lYiqfs fy Season}

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ r^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fill Orders entrusted to «ur Qaure prom,ptly (delivered.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. V.

FEBRUARY, 1884.

No.

5.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

THE CONTENTS OF THE RECORDS.—IV.

Having completed our review of the history of the Lamanites, we must now turn to the other branch of the family of

Lehi, and trace briefly the rise, progress, downfall and destruction of the Nephite nation.

In so doing we shall purposely avoid enlarging on the episodes in their history which have already been noticed in our consideration of the house of Laman, but as the greater portion of the annals of the two peoples were, from their relative positions and circumstances, necessarily intermixed or confluent it will be impracticable to altogether avoid, once in a while, partially going over the same ground.

THE NEPHITES.

The Book of Mormon does not give us a definite idea of the number of souls embraced in Lehi's company at any time during its wanderings. Various estimates have been made from the incidental references in the narrative to the persons composing the party, but we have never heard the number placed at more than eighty, while the general estimate does not exceed sixty.

Nor can we tell how many joined Nephi and Laman respectively, when the hour of separation came; but we are inclined to the belief that there was no very great difference in the number of the followers of the two leaders; certain it is that in a very few years the Lamanites were strong enough to commence marauding excursions into the Nephite country, and also that the Nephites were sufficently numerous to withstand the onslaught.

One of the labors of Nephi's little colony was to commence the erection of a temple.

This was a work of paramount necessity as they strictly observed the law of Moses, though they also understood, accepted and obeyed the first principles of the Gospel.

This work, however small the temple might be, must have taxed the whole energies of the colony for a somewhat lengthy period.

It was built, we are informed, after the pattern of Solomon's temple at Jerusalem, but, of course, it was neither so large, nor so lavishly adorned with rich ornamentation.

Nephi's younger brother Jacob, assisted by the still more youthful Joseph, succeeded him in the priestly office, while Jacob's son Enos succeeded him.

The Nephite priesthood appears to have remained in this line for several generations, while the kingly authority was held by the descendants of Nephi.

The history given in the Book of Mormon of the

Nephites from the foundation of their kingdom to about two hundred years before Christ is a very meagre one. We can gather therefrom but few ideas of their progress and civilization.

What little is told us may be summarized as follows:

Their form of government was a limited monarchy;

their kings being, as a rule, righteous men and wise rulers.

Their laws were just and equitable and were administered without favoritism but with great strictness.

The Nephites multiplied rapidly;

they were a long lived, healthy and beautiful race; they also speedily grew rich in the things of this world, and their artizans and mechanics were exceedingly expert

l62 HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

in the arts and manufactures.

They spread abroad widely over the land of

Nephi, apparently up and down the valleys of the Andes, and were much scattered.

Spiritually the Nephites had many seasons of faithfulness to God when they listened to and obeyed the words of His Prophets; and, unfortunately, they had also many periods of apostasy, at which times the judgments of God fell upon them, His instruments to bring them to repentance and reformation, being generally their savage Lamanitish kinsmen.

This is, in brief, the general history of the people of Nephi for the first three or four hundred years of their existence as a nation.

Sometime during the latter half of the third century before Christ, the righteous Nephites deserted their homes and country and moved a distance of some hundreds of miles to the north.

This they did by the command of God, their leader being a Prophet named Mosiah.

Why the Lord gave them this command we are not informed.

We can but conjecture that possibly the ferocious Lamanites were pressing too hardly upon them from the south. We are also left in the dark with regard to all the details of this vast and important migration. We are simply informed of the fact of their departure from the land of Nephi and their arrival in the land of Zarahemla; nor are we given the least idea as to how many refused to listen to the Divine command, remained in Nephi and coalesced with the Lamanites.

The general course of the moving hosts of Israel who followed Mosiah must have been nearly due north, whatever its meanderings may have been.

It is most probable that having crossed the wilderness that separated the two regions, they struck the valley of. the Sidon and continued down, along the banks of that stream, until they reached the habitations of the, to them, previously unknown people of Zarahemla.

These Zarahemlaites were another branch of the house of Israel, who by God's providence were led out of Jerusalem at the time the people of Judah were carried captive into Babylon. They were brought to this hemisphere, landing on the southern portion of the northern continent, whence they afterwards moved south to Zarahemla.

Unfortunately they carried no records with them, and, as a consequence, by the time the Nephites found them their religion and their language had both become greatly corrupted, so much so in the latter case that the Nephites could not understand their manner of speech.

The place they had chosen for their new home was a highly desirable one for situation, climate and other causes, and the two peoples, a short time after their coming together, united as one nation, with Mosiah as their king and High Priest.

The Nephites, though numerically the smaller, were in other respects the superior race, and from that time took the lead in the affairs of the kingdom. They taught the people of Zarahemla their language, and also restored to them a knowledge of the law of Moses and instructed them in the principles of the Gospel of Christ.

Mosiah was succeeded by his son Benjamin, and blessed were the people over whom he reigned;

for he devoted all the energies of his soul to their welfare and labored with all his might for their advancement.

Holy and pure in his own life, he was ministered to by angels and became the frequent recipient of revelations from on high.

The principal events of Benjamin's long and glorious reign were:

A Lamanite invasion of the land of Zarahemla, from which they were ultimately driven after much bloodshed.

The appearance among the Nephites of various false prophets and pseudoChrists, whose false teachings were for a time a great hindrance to the spiritual progress of the people.

The return of a number of the Nephites to the land of Nephi. We have already referred to their varied experience and tribulations in our review of the history of the Lamanites.

A grand convocation of all king Benjamin's subjects, around the temple at

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Zarahemla, three years before his death, at which he more perfectly taught them the law of the Gospel, and where he nominated his son Mosiah to be his successor.

Which appointment was joyfully ratified by the people (B. C. 25).

Mosiah was a most worthy son of his noble ancestors.

He inherited their many virtues;

his boldness for the truth, his love of righteousness, his exact justice, his abounding mercy, his unfaltering faith, his peerless magnanimity, his absorbing regard for the rights and liberties of his fellows, all mark him as one of the most noble of a glorious age, an age graced by the lives of his righteous father and his own self-denying sons, by the martyrs Abinadi and Gideon, and by the two Almas, who stand towering above the common average of humanity in the greatness of their intellects, the strength of their faith and the vigor of their lives in righteous actions spent; a galaxy of High Priests that only on rare occasions bless our fallen earth by their simultaneous presence.

. No king could come to the throne under more auspicious circumstances than did Mosiah.

By the direction of the Almighty he was consecrated by his father, which ceremony was performed at the time the whole nation had gathered in the shadow of the holy temple, and there covenanted with God to be His servants ever after.

There, in the presence of the hosts of his future subjects, he was set apart to rule a people who were all godly, whose sins were all forgiven through their abiding faith in their unborn Redeemer.

Profound peace reigned with all outside his dominions, and within its borders dwelt union, content, prosperity, satisfaction, happiness, and withal righteousness.

How propitious was his inauguration, all the nation was the witness, all accepted him with joy as heaven's choice and the people's hope.

During the reign of king Mosiah the Nephites who had re-occupied the land of Nephi, and fallen into bondage to the

Lamanites, returned to Zarahemla.

One company was led by Ammon, a descendant of Zarahemla, who commanded a small expedition purposely sent to discover the whereabouts and condition of those who had left in the previous reign.

They were fortunate in discovering the people of king Limhi, and by God's providence delivered them from their brutal taskmasters and led them to the Nephite capital. The second company consisted of a colony of Christian

Nephites, under Alma (the elder) who also had been oppressed and maltreated by the Lamanites, but who had been preserved through all their affliction by the Almighty, and were finally delivered by His divine power.

The two companies appear to have reached Zarahemla within a short time of each other.

On the arrival of Alma in the land of Zarahemla, king Mosiah gave him the charge of the spiritual concerns of the Nephites.

He became the High Priest to the whole nation.

In this capacity he gathered the people together, and in words of power and plainness he reminded them of their duties to Heaven.

Nor had he unwilling hearers; numbers hearkened to his words, renewed their covenants with God, went down into the waters of baptism, and re-commenced a life of godliness and faith. From city to city Alma bent his way, preaching, counseling, reproving, comforting, instructing as the Holy Spirit led. Through these labors seven churches, or rather seven branches of the Church, were established in the land of Zarahemla, while great prosperity attended the faithful.

In the course of years many of the rising generation gave no heed to the word of God.

These were mostly such as were too young to enter into covenant with the Lord at the time that Benjamin called the whole people together at the temple.

Not only did they themselves reject the doctrines of the atonement, the resurrection and other Gospel principles but they led others into sin, and grievously persecuted the members of the Church of Christ.

Foremost among those who afflicted the true believers were several sons of the king and the son of the presiding High Priest.

But they were turned from the error of

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

their ways by the direct ministry of an angel, and ever after were the most zealous, most dauntless defenders of the truth; and the influence of their works and lives did much to shape the later history of both peoples.

Under the reign of king Mosiah the Nephite nation appears to have prospered as it never did before.

He was the beau ideal of a king, we might almost say, without flattery, that he was next thing to perfect, both as a man and as a monarch.

His people idolized him, while the Almighty frequently communicated to him the things necessary for the nation's welfare.

Shortly before his death he proceeded to arrange for his successor; but neither of his sons would accept the kingly authority, and finally, with Divine approval, it was decided that henceforth the people should be ruled by judges elected by themselves; in other words, a republic should succeed the monarchy.

This change took place at the death of Mosiah, which occurred in the year 91 B. C.

These judges ruled the Nephites for about one hundred and twenty years.

There names were (so far as they are given in the Book of Mormon), in the order of their succession: Alma, Nephihah, Pahoran

I, Pahoran II, Pacumeni, Helaman, Nephi, Cezoram, Cezoram's son, Seezoram, Lachoneus I, and Lachoneus II; but it is far from certain that, in the latter portion of this epoch, we have the names of all the chief judges.

Sometimes the offices of High Priest and chief judge were filled by the same man, but more frequently the supreme heads of the church and state were separate individuals.

This was particularly the case when the wicked predominated and by the force of numbers chose unrighteous men to be their rulers.

As in volume two of the Contributor we published a series of articles entitled "The Nephites under the Judges,"it would savor of an imposition on its readers to go over the same ground as that then considered; we shall therefore now confine ourself to the consideration of a few of the notable events that marked this era which by reason of their importance, tended to influence the entire later history of the race.

The religious history of the Nephites during the period ruled by the judges is one of frequently recurring changes;

no people were ever more fickle in the service of their God, but this peculiarity had a constant tendency to lower the standard of Nephite character, and year by year they appear to have lost in strength of purpose, integrity and manly virtue, until at last they were fit only for the terrible destruction that, at the time of the Savior's crucifixion, swept them by thousands from time into eternity.

Alma, the first chief judge, was also the presiding High Priest, but after a time, owing to the increase of wickedness in the nation, he found it impossible to bear the cares and responsibilities of both positions with honor to himself and profit to the people.

He therefore resigned the judgeship and devoted his entire time to the preaching of the word.

To do this he traveled from land to land, from city to city.

Everywhere repentance followed his preaching, except at a western city called Ammonihah, where his testimony was scorned and rejected, and the few who believed were cast out of the city by their more hardened and iniquitous fellow townsmen.

Having next consigned Alma and Amulek, his fellow preacher and companion, to prison, the infuriated people hunted up the wives and little ones of the believers whom they had cast out, with such as had accepted the truth who still remained in the city, and, gathering them in a body, they burned them in one great martyrs'fire.

Into the torturing flames they also cast the records that contained the holy Scriptures, as though, in their blind fury, they imagined that they could thereby destroy the truths that were so odious to them.

In the refinement of their devilish cruelty, they brought Alma and Amulek to the place of martyrdom, that they might be witnesses of the agonies of the suffering innocents, and listen to the crackling and the roaring of the flames. With

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

jeers, with mouthings and derisive gestures, they called upon the Prophets to rescue their dying converts.

Amulek's noble heart was pained beyond endurance; he besought Alma to exercise the power of God that was in them, and to save the victims from the consuming flames.

But Alma replied, "The Spirit constraineth me that I must not stretch forth mine hand, for behold the Lord receiveth them up unto himself in glory;

and He doth suffer that the people may do this thing, according to the hardness of their hearts, that the judgments which He shall exercise upon them in His wrath may be just; and the blood of the innocent shall stand as a witness against them, yea, and cry mightily against them at the last day."Then Amulek said, "Perhaps they will burn us also."To which Alma responded, "Be it according to the will of the Lord.

But, behold, our work is not finished; therefore they burn us not."The two Prophets were then conducted back to prison, where, day by day, they were badgered, insulted and annoyed by the populace, from the corrupt judge who sat on the bench, to the beggar who asked alms by the wayside.

By and by they stripped Alma and Amulek of their clothes, and when naked, bound them with strong ropes.

They withheld food and drink from them, and in various ways they tortured their bodies, and sought to aggravate, tantalize and harrow up their minds.

On the twelfth day of the tenth month of the tenth year of the judges (B. C.

82), the chief judge and his followers again went to the prison.

According to his usual custom he smote the brethren, saying as he did so, "If ye have the power of God, deliver yourselves from these bonds, and then we will believe that the Lord will destroy this people according to your words."This impious challenge the crowd one by one repeated as they passed by the Prophets, and smote them in imitation of their leader.

Thus each individual assumed the responsibility of the defiance cast at the Almighty, and virtually said, "Our blood be upon our own heads."The hour of God's power had now come—the challenge had been accepted.

The Prophets, in the majesty of their calling, rose to their feet; they were endowed with the strength ot Jehovah;

like burnt threads the cords that bound them were snapped asunder, and they stood free and unshackled before the terror-stricken crowd.

To rush from the prison was the first impulse of these God-defying followers of

Nehor; but in their fear all else was forgotten; some fell to the earth, others, impelled by the crowd behind, stumbled and fell over the prostrate bodies of those who went before them, until they became one confused, inextricable mass, blocking each other's way, struggling, yelling, cursing, pleading, fighting frantically, but vainly endeavoring to reach the outer gate.

At this moment of supreme horror, an earthquake rent the prison walls; they trembled, then tottered, then fell on the struggling mass of humanity below, burying in one vast unconsecrated grave rulers and judges, lawyers and officers, priests and teachers.

Not one was left of all the impious mob, who a few moments before defied Heaven and challenged Jehovah's might.

Alma and Amulek stood in the midst of the ruins unhurt.

Straightway they left the scene of desolation and went into the city.

Here the terrorstricken people fled from them as a herd of goats flies from before two young lions, and the two servants of the Lord retired to another city.

Next year Ammonihah was destroyed.

Less than four months had elapsed since the two inspired followers of the Lamb had left it to its fate, when the Lamanites fell upon it like a whirlwind in its suddenness, and as an avalanche in its utter desolation.

The sword, the spear, the dart and the arrow, consigned its sons and daughters, young and old, to the torments of the damned. For one day the fierce flames consumed the walls and towers of Ammonihah, illumined the lurid sky, shone on the distant mountain tops, and lit the neighboring valleys. The great city was no more;

the word of the Lord had been fully accomplished; not one of its children

1 66 HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

was left.

A desolation and a desert remained, where dogs, vultures and wild beasts struggled for the carcasses of the slain.

For many years it was uninhabited, and, under the name of the Desolation of Nehor, it became a perpetual testimony, a sign and a token to the whole Nephite nation that the words of the Lord never fail, and that vengeance is His, and He will repay (B. C.

81).

Having resigned the office of chief judge, Alma no longer led the armies of

Nephi.

A righteous man named Zoram was their commander.

Without delay he gathered his forces, and prepared to meet these invading Lamanites.

Knowing that Alma was the mouthpiece of God, he and his two sons went to the High Priest, and inquired how the campaign should be conducted.

The word was given, its instructions were carried out, victory perched upon the Nephite banners, and the Lamanites, utterly routed, retreated to their own lands, and there was continued peace throughout the continent for three years.

During this period of peace, Alma and his fellow Priesthood preached God's holy word in the power and demonstration of the Spirit, and with much success.

Great prosperity came to the Church throughout all the lands of the Nephites.

At this happy time "there was no inequality among them, and the

Lord did pour out His Spirit on all the face of the land,"as Alma supposed, to prepare the hearts of His people for the coming of Christ.

But before long heresies and apostasies disturbed the Church; an anti-Christ named Korihor arose and did much harm until smitten by the power of God; a sect of schismatics almost immediately followed, called Zoramites, who for brevity might be consistently styled Nephite Presbyterians.

These, unable to accomplish their designs, went over to the Lamanites and brought on a bloody war.

Eventually the Lord took Alma to himself.

Our readers will recollect the mission of the sons of King Mosiah to the Lamanites and its glorious results, and how the converted of that people (called by the Nephites the people of Amnion), covenanted never again to take up the sword against their fellow men;

they will also recollect the tedious and most sanguinary war brought on by Amalickiah's desperate ambition.

One phase of this war must not be passed in silence, as it contains one of the most memorable episodes of Nephite history.

The war had been raging several years, and was working disastrously to the Nephites, when the people of Amnion, feeling that they were a burden rather than a help to their benefactors (though indeed they were not), desired to be released from their oath and covenant never again to take up weapons of war against their fellows, that they might in this hour of extreme peril arm themselves in defence of the liberties of their adopted country.

From this rash step, Helaman, the High Priest, and his brethren dissuaded them, lest by so doing they might imperil their eternal salvation. But they had sons who had grown far towards manhood who had not entered into this covenant, and consequently were not shut out from participating in the dangers and the glories of the war. So, with their fathers'and mothers'consent, faith, prayers, and words of encouragement and commendation, two thousand of these youths were mustered into the Nephite army (B. C. 66).

These striplings were all men of truth, faith, soberness and integrity, as well as being conspicuous for their courage, strength and activity.

Being organized, they desired that Helaman, for whom they had great love and respect, should be their leader.

He consented, and at their head marched to the relief of the forces of the republic that were struggling against considerable odds on the southern borders of the Nephite dominions, from the shore of the Pacific Ocean eastward.

On their arrival at the city of Judea, Helaman found the Nephite forces, under Antipus, the commander in that department, in a perilous condition.

The Lamanites, at great cost to both sides, had captured the cities of Manti, Zeezrom, Cumeni and Antiparah, and were occupying the surrounding

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

country.

They were now threatening Judea, which Antipus and his troops, depressed in body and spirit, were toiling with all their remaining strength to fortify—fighting by day and working by night.

Helaman placed himself and his two thousand under orders of Antipus, to whom the reinforcement was most timely and encouraging.

When the Lamanites learned of the increased strength of the Nephite forces in Judea, Ammoron, their leader, gave orders that it should not be attacked.

This fortunate hesitation allowed the defenders time to complete the works of defence.

This state of affairs continued for some months, the Lamanites fearing to make any aggressive movement, and the Nephites not being strong enough to retake any of their captured cities.

Finally the Nephite commanders determined to try a stratagem to entice the Lamamites into the open field.

Heleman and his youthful Ammonites marched out of the city of Judea towards the coast, apparently for the purpose of revictualing a neighboring city.

Their course took them past the city of Antiparah, in which was stationed a large Lamanitish army. The commanding officer thereof noticing the fewness of Helaman's corps, ordered the pursuit.

Helaman immediately retired for strategic purposes northward, followed by the enemy.

Antipus, who had been watching the course of events, closed in behind the Lamanites with the bulk of his troops, simply leaving what he considered a sufficient force in Judea to temporally defend it, should it be attacked in his absence.

The pursuit grew into a race between J;he three armies.

Helaman crowded with all speed into the wilderness, on purpose to draw the Lamanites away from their base, while Antipus was vainly endeavoring to overtake them.

On the morning of the third day the Lamanites turned around and faced the army of Antipus, when, owing to the fatigued condition of the latter's warriors, they were not able to withstand the Lamanite onslaught, but were put into confusion, and their commander and several superior officers were slain.

At this juncture Helaman and his sons (as he delighted to call them), arrived, and by their abiding faith, impetuous valor and bodily prowess, turned a disastrous defeat into an overwhelming victory, in which the Lamanite forces were partly destroyed, partly captured.

When, on the morning of the third day, Helaman found he was no longer pursued, he feared this movement was a ruse of the enemy to entrap his corps, and was undecided if he should return to possibly aid Antipus, or remain and await the progress of events.

He called a halt, and explained the situation and his apprehensions to his young soldiers.

He then inquired: "What say ye, my sons, will ye go against them in battle?"Without hesitancy they unanimously answered in the affirmative, saying:

"Father, behold our God is with us, and

He will not suffer that we shall fall; then let us go forth; we would not slay our brethren if they would let us alone;

therefore let us go lest they should overpower the army of Antipus."Here Helaman remarks: "Now they never had fought, yet they did not fear death, and they did think more of the liberty of their fathers than they did upon their lives; yea, they had been taught by their mothers that if they did not doubt that

God would deliver them.

And they rehearsed unto me the words of their mothers, saying, We do not doubt our mothers knew it."They returned—the results were as stated above; and yet more, so great was their faith, so potent its workings, that when, after the battle,

Helaman called the roll of his youthful heroes, not one was missing.

The faith engendered by their mothers'words had borne fruit—they were all preserved.

To their undaunted prowess, for they "fought as if with the strength of God,"the Nephites unhesitatingly accorded the glory of the day.

The battle ended, the victorious troops marched back to

Judea.

Still the hardly-contested war continued.

Six thousand men, with provisions, reached Helaman from Zarahemla

i68 MORALITY IN LEGISLA TION.

and the regions round about (B. C. 63), besides forty more young Ammonites who had grown sufficiently vigorous to assume the hardships of military life.

The city of Cumeni shortly afterwards surrendered through the want of provisions, their supplies having been continuously cut off by Helaman's troops.

This surrender threw so many prisoners on the hands of the Nephites, that they were unable to guard or feed them. An officer named Gid,with a sufficient force, was detailed to convey them to Zarahemla, but on their way, passing near enough to an invading body of Lamanites to hear their battle cries, the prisoners "made a break"and rushed to join their countrymen.

In this attempt many were killed by the Nephite guards, and the remainder escaped.

Gid and the escort having no further occasion for going on to Zarahemla, returned to Helaman.

His arrival was most opportune, for

Ammoron, having received large reinforcements, suddenly attacked the Nephites, and was driving all their corps from their positions, except the youthful Ammonites, who stood firm as a rock, when the arrival of Gid and his company turned the tide of battle. The young warriors again received the warm praise of their father and general. They had remained firm and undaunted through all the perils of the fight, obeying and performing every command with the exactness and coolness of veterans.

In the hottest of the encounter they never forgot their mothers'words nor their Heavenly Father's protecting blessing.

Though in this fierce conflict, wherein they undauntedly bore the brunt of the enemy's savage onslaughts, every one was wounded, even that two hundred fainted for loss of blood, yet not one was slain, and their preservation was marvelous in the eyes of their fellow soldiers.

George Reynolds.

MORALITY IN LEGISLATION.

The Contributor is really the young people's magazine, and they will look to its pages for many of the practical rules of life, and principles of government.

The rulers of our nation have decided that the men of age and experience in Utah shall let the reins of government pass into the hands of the young and inexperienced, and they cannot learn too fast that which will qualify them to guide the interests of State as well as Church.

Questions naturally arise, what are the relations of one to the other, and what can the State rightfully do for or against the other?

These questions are important and must be determined in order to protect the rights of either as against the other; that both may in their relation so harmonize as to produce the greatest possible amount of good in the progress of society to ultimate perfection.

A correct view of these questions will not only solve the problem of the Mormon question with the general government so far as Utah is concerned, but is alike applicable to all governments and states in which ecclesiastical organizations exist by divine authority.

If there is any superiority of the one over the other it is only necessary to determine to which it belongs.

To do this it is only necessary to determine correctly by what authority, both or either have an existence, and the purpose of that existence.

Ecclesiastical or church organizations exist in consequence of a belief in a supreme, intelligent, divine being, who.

is recognized as Father, God, and a divine commission emanating from Him by direct revelation is alone the authority upon which a church can exist with power to teach the doctrines and administer the ordinances which are necessary for the protection of humanity.

Such authority is divine authority and must be Supreme.

Of the law it is

MORALITY IN LEGISLA TION.

written, "The law of God is perfect "like the law giver.

The state, as we view it in its organized condition, consists of all classes without regard to beliefs or even morality of conduct, and its authority in a federal or a republican form of government, that which is derived from the people over which the government extends.

Such a government can be no more perfect than the source of its authority.

The combined wisdom of man in the highest development of humanity has not been able to offer perfection either in law or administration to its subjects.

The church, established upon the revelations of God, and by His authority, must have precedence over all other organizations effecting the welfare of humanity.

All other governments can have no legitimate object or purpose but to aid and assist man in keeping the divine law; and to encourage and even coerce obedience to laws in unison with the divine law, but in no case to hinder, much less to prohibit the keeping of any divine law, ordinance, or precept.

These facts accepted it is not difficult to determine the duties devolving upon state governments and their rights in relation to their subjects.

It is said their must be no union between church and state, but this is in one sense a false statement not consistent with the facts.

False theories entertained lead to false conclusions.

The state is a community invested with authority to compel right and justice to be done.

The fact that there are men in all communities who will not voluntarily perform either their personal or social duties, who will both disregard and violate the rights of others, makes the state a necessity.

It has within its jurisdiction all these individual members who constitute the church, and each of whom belongs to the community.

There must of necessity be a union of interests, which should in all consistency demand a concert of action, all tending to the development, culture and perfection of the human soul, which never can be attained without a knowledge of that higher law, so productive of intelligence, civilization and religion.

It then becomes the duty of the state to encourage the highest possible development of its subjects, in their appreciation and discernment of right and wrong, rewarding the right and punishing the wrong doer as determined by the highest law revealed to man.

No state has a right to enforce a law contrary to God's law so long as its subjects recognize Him in their faith and acts as the Creator and moral governor of this universe.

He has created man subject to law, clothed him with rights, and laid upon him duties.

He must obey God's laws and discharge his duties, or suffer penalties if he does not.

If all men obeyed the laws of the divine government, no other government would be necessary.

The object of all earthly governments would be attained under the divine government.

There would be no wrongs to right, no duty to enforce, no rights to forcibly defend; the recognition of every right, the performance of every duty would be universal, no rights violated, no wrongs committed.

Rights and duties do exist independent of the state;

they are rights and duties coming from God.

The state must recognize these rights and duties, must maintain the one and enforce the other.

Right and justice as determined by divine law, are derived from God.

The admission of a God in morality implies all this and nothing less than this.

St. Paul recognizes all civil authority as being ordained of God;

all authority having a legal standpoint as coming from Him must therefore exist by divine appointment and for a specific purpose.

The state is not absolute or arbitrary.

Its duty is to protect men in the enjoyment of those inalienable rights with which God has clothed them to enable each to perform his whole duty.

The state is under law as well as the individuals of which it is composed.

There Is a law higher than the state, the law of God, by which it must be governed if it will continue legitimate.

This illustrates the correct

MORALITY IN LEGISLATION.

view of what is called the higher law, and this law the state can no more violate than individuals.

If God has laid certain duties on individuals, on the family, on the community, these duties must be performed, nor can the state interfere to prevent their being discharged;

if it could, then through its action all of God's laws might be got rid of and humanity be freed from duty to

God.

If the law of God says "thou shalt not steal,""thou shalt not commit murder;"the state must declare the same things;

it cannot enact that man shall steal and murder;

it must not legislate in opposition to divine law.

So in relation to all of man's duties, and this morality involved by keeping or not keeping the law given for man's moral regeneration and perfection.

Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness were declared by the Constitution our fathers framed to be among the inalienable rights of men.

This pursuit of happiness demands liberty of conscience, without which no man's moral or spiritual nature can be developed.

Any infringement upon the right of conscience is followed with the penalty of unhappiness and misery.

The state can pass no law, nor require any act of its citizens, that shall deprive them of any liberty of conscience.

It was in view of this important fact that the amendment to the Constitution was so framed as to prohibit any action on the part of Congress that should prevent the free exercise of conscience in all matters of religious faith.

This right and liberty of conscience is a God given right to enable man to perform his duty to God.

The state cannot perform that duty for him, nor legally restrain him from doing all that

His God requires.

This he must do or forfeit God's favor.

God's law to man is "Multiply and replenish the earth;"and He reveals the laws and ordinances by which it shall be done.

The state has no right to enact that it shall not be done, or that it may be done in any other way than that which He has ordained.

The duties and rights between husband and wife cannot be lawfully changed or impaired;

no civil power can create in either the right to violate marital duties which are established by the divine law.

God has given parents the right to control their children, and revealed how it should be done to preserve both the earthly and heavenly relation.

Parents cannot be relieved from the obligations they are under to their children, nor children from the duties they owe to parents.

The state can make no law to deprive parents of that right while they conform to God's order in relation to them. Any attempts so to do would only disorganize society and place responsibilities where they did not legitimately belong.

Both human consciousness and God's law would unite in solemn protest against any attempt by law, or otherwise, to change the order of His divine arrangement in these important matters.

The same principle applies in relation to all of God's laws, order and arrangements, and the whole catalogue of duties enjoined upon man by His maker.

There is no power that can relieve him from a performance of those duties.

There need be no mistake as to where the supremacy is, and the duty of all subordinate powers to that supremacy.

When men disregard legitimate authority, they incur penalty and punishment.

States and nations are not exempt from the consequences of disregarding divine law; they must eventually be cast down.

Divine justice shall be fully vindicated.

God is above all, in and through all, and with His law all human enactments must harmonize in the great work of moral and material improvement which humanity demands.

Christianity is an element that pervades society, independent of all human enactments.

Its morality exists outside the statute books or codes of any nation.

No legislation ever embodied its divine precepts; and wisely have consti* tutions been framed prohibiting legislation that should attempt the control of conscience in any of its religious exercise of faith in God. Christianity reveals the existence of God as the moral governor of the universe, and that He

MORALITY IN LEGISLATION.

will punish His creatures for wrong doing.

Morality, including the idea of obligation, admits these facts, and human consciousness confirms them. Christianity reveals the true laws of God and their adaptation to all sinners.

It deals with a government of law, and teaches the consequence of disobedience to it; that unhappiness and suffering are the necessary consequences of sin; and human consciousness declares these teachings are true. Atheism or Christianity must be the true theory of the world, and man, aided by a sound mind, should know which to choose, on which side the truth lies.

All legislation, to be adapted to the wants of humanity, must possess elements of the divine law.

The attributes of Deity are found in man, and the great end of his life is their full development, and all human enactments should be but means to accomplish this end.

Such legislation cannot come from those who have no faith in God; they must have faith in Him and sufficient knowledge of His laws and their purpose, to never approve of any enactment that will in any way contravene or impede the operation of those laws.

Great errors in legislation arise from the.fact that those who legislate are atheistic in their theories of government. God is left out of the question, and only the supposed rights and duties of man as relates to his fellowman have consideration. Thus man, in this theory, becomes the greatest of all—the ultimate fact, and the pantheistic doctrine of man and matter, constituting the universe, is virtually adopted by the many forms of government now extant.

It has been said that "the king can do no wrong;"that republics may legislate as they please and demand submission, which is only another phase of the same maxim.

There is no morality in this pantheistic theory which claims that all is

God, consequently whatever is, is right;

that man does what God, acting in him, compels him to do. There is no free will, no exercise of reason, no choice between right and wrong.

All this is contrary to the teachings of human consciousness.

Man is conscious of his own personality, of his own free action, and feels himself responsible for his actions.

But it is the prevalence of such theories that prompt law makers when they attempt to make the law of God of no effect, to make his ordinances subject to the passions of men.

This is illustrated, for instance, in the law making marriage only a civil contract.

This ordinance of divine appointment, from and by virtue of which family, society and all human rights exist, is placed on a level with the ordinary traffic of mankind involving dollars and'cents; made the very door and opened it wide to the immorality and vice which it was, by God, designed to prevent.

It may be repeated with the utmost assurance that legislators should be men of God, possessing a knowledge of His laws and an unwavering determination to honor them in their acts, that the people may dwell in peace under a wise administration.

The minister of the church and the minister of State are so nearly alike in their ministerial duties—all pertaining to man's elevation—that they are morally bound to work together for his highest good in time and in eternity.

It is a fact not to be discarded, one that all history confirms—that civil law, even when firmly administered, can never eradicate religious beliefs; neither penal codes nor armies can control religious convictions.

Human consciousness is not subject to any such control, never was and never can be. Those who count upon it will fail.

To admit it possible for the religious views of the people of Utah to be changed by any such forces as are proposed, would be to accuse them of insincerity, duplicity, hypocrisy, and brand them as only worthy of all that contempt and malice could inflict upon them.

They are no such people; and nothing but a higher civilization, a holier religion, bringing to the soul more profound peace, a stronger love, and a more enduring union, can ever change what both experience and consciousness have indelibly stamped upon the living soul.

They claim the right to have, and do demand, only such legislation as is

REST.

consistent with the law of God, which they preach in faith and practice in full assurance: Peace on earth, good will to man, and love to God.

S". W. R.

The Birds'Christmas Dinner.—

In most of the provinces of Norway there is a pretty custom of feeding the wild birds on Christmas Day.

All the animals belonging to a family have double their usual dinner, and share in the great festival.

The kind hearted peasants also fasten up wisps of oat straw all about their houses for the birds, who are quick at telling each other the news, and flocking down in great numbers to peck at the grain.

In the towns great bunches of unthreshed oats are brought to the marketplace, and no matter how poor the people are, they will be sure to have one bit of money saved to buy the birds a feast.

The little sheaves are seen fastened on the housetops and outside the windows, and nobody in Norway would frighten a bird that day, if he could help it.

It certainly is worth while to make the least of God's creatures happy, and many of those f6wls* of the air who do not gather into barns, are good servants of the farmer, and eat up the insects that would destroy his crops.

Suppose the boys and girls take a lesson from the Norwegians this year, and throw out a dinner of crumbs for some of the birds, and tie a bunch of grain here and there on the trees and fences, for the wanderers who may need food in the cold days of winter.

Education is not learning;

it is the exercise and development of the powers of the mind.

There are two great methods by which this end may be done;

one in the halls of learning, the other in the conflicts of life.

A Japan paper relates that while a boy fourteen years old was fishing recently, a huge cuttle-fish thrust two of its tentacles out of the water and grasped the boy's right arm.

The boy shouted for assistance, as the fish was dragging him in, and some men who were near released the lad by cutting the tentacles.

When the boy reached home his arm was cold and motionless, and notwithstanding medical aid, he died in five days.

REST.

"He who doeth the works of righteousness shall receive his reward;

even peace in this world, and eternal life in the world to come."

O would you find a perfect rest,

A refuge of serenest calm, A shelter where the soul distressed

Can bathe in streams of healing balm;

Or cull the fragrant flowers of peace,

Or banquet at the feast of love,

Where strains of pleasure never cease

The chorus of the songs above;

Angelic strains that swell through heaven,

Reverberating even here To you the blissful hope is given, And you can gain that lofty sphere.

But not on fame's triumphant wing

Can you ascend the sacred height,

Nor by wealth's glitter loftly spring

Away to regions of delight;

And pleasures touched and stained with sin

Will but begird your feet in chains;

He who eternal rest would win Must wash himself from sin's dark stains;

Must woo and win the smile of heaven,

The essence of supremest joy;

And all his powers to virtue given

Must purge the gold from all alloy.

Must break each idol altar down,

While duty's law his heart enshrines

Nor heed the scoffer's sneer or frown,

Whose way to sorrow's pit inclines

Must prove himself, his earthly all,

Obedient to the heavenly test,

And at his Father's footstool fall, The prodigal come home to rest;

His wanderings absolved, forgiven;

No more shall bow his soul in care;

Then shall he feel the calm of heaven,

The peace, the joy, the brightness there.

Richard Smyth.

DOWN THE ST. LAWRENCE.

DOWN THE ST. LAWRENCE.

Come stand with us at the outlet of Niagara, where this mighty stream melts into the wide bosom of Ontario!

The last and fairest of the great lakes lies before us, sparkling in the summer sunlight.

The stars and stripes are floating in the light breeze to the right, and the union jack waves over the little port on the left. We step on board a steamboat—that pioneer of American civilization—and soon emerge from the guarded entrance of the boundary river, into the broad "neutral ground"of Lake Ontario.

White sails are scattered over the bright waters, and here and there the light thread of smoke in the clear heaven tells where a steamer is wheeling her rapid way.

It is difficult for any one, whose ideas of a lake have been formed here in the mountains, or from the Windermeres, Katrines or Lemans of European lands, to fancy old Ontario, a mere fresh water pond.

It seems like a recognized arm of the everlasting ocean.

Populous cities encircle its banks, and great rivers empty into its wide basin.

Far away to the west the eye can trace the point where the northern and southern shores meet beneath the green crescent of the

Burlington Heights, where the beautiful city of Hamilton lies in its amphitheatre of hills.

To the east the eye sees nothing but the usual ocean prospect •

of the mingling blue of wave and sky.

And while our vessel is plowing her swift path to the northern shore, let us take a glance at the city of Toronto, which we are now approaching.

As we enter the harbor we pass by a beautiful little island which serves as a breakwater as well as a park and summer residence for several families.

One of the best lighthouses in the country is here situated.

The aged keeper, Mr.

Hanlan, has lived on the island many years.

Here the youthful Hanlan, who has made such exploits in rowing, first saw the light, and in the quiet waters of Toronto Bay he took his first lessons in his favorite art.

The site on which Toronto now stands was once a rolling,wooded plain, covered with a magnificent forest of maple, oak and elm, with pines upon the higher grounds.

Many representatives of the primeval forest are still to be found in the various parks around the city.

Toronto is the capital and largest city of

Ontario, and considers itself the intellectual capital of the Dominion.

The Normal School of the province of Ontario is here situated as well as several colleges.

University College is a noble building, one of the finest educational structures in America, and liberally endowed.

In Ontario education is not only free but compulsory.

The Roman Catholics, who desire to establish separate schools with their rates, may do so where they are strong enough to support them.

In such localities, the school rates of those who desire a separate school are collected for that purpose, and those schools share in the legislative grant in proportion to their attendance.

Toronto proper contains about one hundred thousand inhabitants, is the centre of trade for a rich and populous surrounding country and the central station for five railways and a vast fleet of lake vessels and steamers.

Bidding farewell to the "City of Schools,"let us follow the broad lake stream in its eastern journey.

For more than two hundred miles it extends from its western boundary till after having received the waters of the Genessee, the

Oswego, the Black, the Don, the Trent and hundreds of smaller streams, the narrowing shores again circumscribe its sweep. We have passed the bold ramparts of Fort Henry, and the spires of Kingston are fading in the distance as the noble St. Lawrence enters that vast labyrinth of mingled wildness and beauty known as "The Thousand Isles."Every variety of rare and picturesque scenery, which the most profuse outpourings of nature's fairest combinations of forest, ro£k and water can effect, is there displayed inthe versatile beauties and shifting glories of the kaleidoscope.

The

DOWN THE ST. LAWRENCE.

water is smooth and unbroken, the heavens soft and clear, and the light fingers of the early autumn are strewing their bright colors on the forest trees. We glide along through a constantly shifting succession of exquisite landscapes.

Innumerable isles, of every variety of shape, size and character, seem thrown at random over the waves, some apparently of miles in length, others almost too small for the solitary trees that grow on their tiny summits—some showing a bold outline of jagged rock, others resting like fairy baskets of foliage on the breast of the sweet waters.

But we are now approaching the rapids—the same rapids that were so long ago immortalized in Moore's Canadian boat song—and an Indian pilot comes on board.

He has been familiar with the "rapids"during his whole life.

In childhood he swam and played in the waters;

in youth he hunted and fished on the various islands, traveling by means ot his birch-bark canoe from island to island, sometimes carrying his boat, and sometimes the boat carrying him;

in manhood he has piloted rafts and boats through the "rapids,"till he has become familiar with every rock and shoal and eddy.

No wonder the trusty captain gives the control of the vessel into his hands.

And watch how he handles her;

one moment she moves forward, a full head of steam and the current both aiding her; then she pauses as if fearful of the future; the next moment the engines are reversed as if she would retrace her steps; and then again she plunges madly forward, and so closely passes the rugged rock that lifts its head amidst the foaming billows, that the passengers on deck think they can almost touch it.

Perhaps it may not be out of place to.give the words of one of Utah's amateur rhymers in which he describes the rapids:

"The rapids—broad, and long, and boisterous;

The waves like sea monsters plunge and roll,

Mighty and grand and wildly perilous,

Tossed in commotion endless.

Some mad soul Seems shouting from each billow, and the roar Of the lash'd waters, as they foam and break,

Is as despair's last shriek when from the shore

To vawning gulf her slaves their plunges make.

From isle to isle we wend our devious way;

From crest to crest, from wave to wave we bound, Baptized anew with showers of snowy spray,

All danger seems in lofty tumult drowned.

From isle to isle the turmoil rolls profound;

A true enchantment this—no legend rare,

No wondrous tale by hoar tradition crowned,

But grand, terrific, true beyond compare.

Then suddenly 'tis past; from dizzy whirl The ambling current bears us far away,

Where no pursuing wave is seen to curl, No rapid shatters into blinding spray.

But far behind the breakers—wild array

Shout from the watery slope their threatenings dire, Like laugh of demons cheated of their prey,

With awful rage and impotent desire,

Striking the wildest chords of nature's mighty lyre."There a^fe some striking peculiarities in the St. Lawrence as contrasted with its great rival, the Mississippi.

The former is limpid in its waters and unalterable in their level.

The latter is turbid, and, with its swelling inundations, overflows its banks for miles around.

The grandeur of the Mississippi is gloomy and oppressive; while the scenery of the

St. Lawrence is exhilerating and magnificently beautiful.

No river can exhibit a greater variety of scenery;

here the calm expanse, studded with verdurous islands;

there wild and tumultuous rapids, with the immense rafts that hurry down their foaming waters.

Sometimes •for miles all is the unbroken solitude of primeval nature.

The canoe of the Indian is still seen crossing from shore to shore, his bark wigwam still glimmers amid the dusky shades of the forest; and then succeeds the pleasant, quaint white villages, with their antique churches, vanes and spires.

What can be more picturesque than the island city of Montreal, with its royal mountain in the background, its thronged wharfs and forests of masts?

But let us not anticipate.

At Prescott we can leave the steamer, and taking the cars of the Prescott and

Ottawa railroad, in two hours we find ourselves in Ottawa, the capital of the Dominion.

This city is situated on the south bank of the Ottawa river, in close

DOWN THE ST. LAWRENCE.

proximity to the beautiful falls of the Rideau and Chandiere.

The features that at once. fix the attention of the stranger are the thickly wooded cliffs that rise abruptly from the Ottawa, surmounted by

Rideau Hall—the name given to the palace where reside the Governor-generals of the dominion—and the New Parliament buildings, which constitute the finest though not the largest architectural pile on the western continent. A suspension bridge stretches across the Ottawa at this point from which may be had a fine view of the Chandiere falls, which, in point of beaut)', are considered by some as scarcely inferior to Niagara.

Ottawa City was incorporated in 1854, is regularly laid out, and contains about the same number of inhabitants as Salt Lake City.

By means of canals, rivers and railways, it is easily accessible to all parts of the country.

The immense water-power of the falls is utilized to some extent by numerous saw mills, which issue an almost incalculable quantity of sawn lumber, and give to Ottawa its principal trade.

Socially and commercially considered,

Ottawa has only two seasons in the year, namely:

the season of politics, and the season of lumbering.

The first commences in November, in anticipation of the opening of Parliament.

Then the carpenters, the upholsterers, the hotel keepers, the confectioners and fur dealers are all busy preparing to receive the throng of senators, representatives and lobbyists, who will gather to the city from all parts of the Dominion the first week in December. We can understand this all the better, when we consider that these representatives are gathered from the various parts of a country nearly as vast as the United States, and representing interests equally diversified, and that the Governor-general is the personal link between the mother country and Canada.

He is the head of not only their political institutions, but also of their social life as well.

His indirect influences are frequently more valuable than those that are expressed in written law.

Belonging to neither political patty, he can bring the leaders and members of both under his roof, in circumstances where personal differences have to be ignored.

The bitterness engendered in parliamentary debate, is often softened around the dinner table and it is hard to play the irreconcilable with opponents, when you ask their wives and daughters to dance with you.

Besides this, the Governor-general is expected to be the patron of art, education and struggling merit, and in fact all that tends to develop the higher life of the country.

Another feature in Ottawa society which the stranger is sure to notice, is the great number of Canadian volunteers, dressed in their scarlet colored coats, and the strange mingling of the French and English languages, so much so, that all public documents, posters and theatre bills are printed both in English and French.

The season of lumbering commences properly with the breaking up of the ice in the river.

Indeed, during the winter, large numbers of men are employed in cutting down trees, sawing them into proper lengths and hauling these logs to the banks of the rivers;

but it is not till the snow is gone and the rivers free of ice, that the lumber season fairly commences. Then the logs are thrown into the water and floated down to Ottawa.

Sometimes in passing over rapids or around the bend of a river, many of these logs lodge together in what is commonly called a "jam."It is frequently perilous work to extricate these saw-logs from this position, and high wages are paid to those who will engage in it.

When the fleet of logs or "boom"as it is called, reaches the city, the machinery of the various saw mills is set in.motion, and saw mill owners and lumber dealers are so busy that everything seems in a frenzy of excitement.

The clangor of the saws, as they tear through the timber, is heard in almost every direction, and a pungent odor of newly sawn oak, pine and hemlock fills the air.

Early in May commences the rafting business.

The timber, after having been sawn into the proper dimensions, is

THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

again placed on the river in the form of large rafts.

These rafts are strongly put together, furnished with masts and sails, and are steered by means of long oars which project before as well as behind them.

Wooden houses or shanties are built on them for the accommodation of the crew and their families.

I have counted upwards of thirty persons working the steering oars of a raft on the St.

Lawrence;

from this may be formed some idea of the number of their inhabitants.

The most hazardous part of the lumberer's business is that of bringing these rafts of wood down the river.

If not managed with great skill, they are apt to go to pieces in descending the rapids; and it not unfrequently happens that the whole labor of a year is in this way lost in a moment.

In conversation with the writer an old raftsman said: "Each raft that is brought down the Ottawa and St. Lawrence contains from fifteen thousand to one hundred thousand dollars'worth of lumber.

The safest size of a raft is fifty feet in breadth and from eight hundred to one thousand feet in length;

and when of this size they require about five men to manage them.

Some are made, however, which are no less than one hundred feet in breadth and three thousand feet in length."These unwieldy craft are brought down to Quebec in great numbers; and it often happens that five or six months are occupied in making the passage.

They are taken to pieces at Quebec and the lumber piled up to dry.

It is found that the lumber seasons better after having been soaked in the water.

J. H. Ward.

"Hurry, Mamma,"said the little innocent with his cut finger, "its leaking."THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

11.

Louisiana was acquired and territorial government established over that territory;

but the case of Louisiana seems also to have been without any claim of constitutional right either to acquire or govern territory.

Louisiana had for some time belonged to Spain, but, by a secret treaty had recently been ceded to France.

This was not definitely known to the government of the United

States, until some time after;

but such was the rumor, which proved to have its foundation in fact, and which, taken in connection with other circumstances and conditions existing about the same time, led to negotiations which culminated in the purchase.

There was a dissatisfaction existing on the part of the Western States, and a rumor in circulation which, it seems, was entitled to some credence, or at least it was circulated in a quarter which rendered it worthy of notice, to the effect that it was a part of the design of

France to effect an alliance with these States.

Such a rumor in itself, or as a single circumstance, might not have given the administration much concern, nor taken in connection with the rumor of the secret cession, would it necessarily have caused alarm,, but, just at this juncture, the right to the use of the port of New Orleans, as a place of deposit and exportation for the trade of the United States, was denied.

The mouth of the Mississippi, the great highway for the western and southern trade, within the command of France and Spain, trade actually interrupted, and the rumored design of France with the Western States, circulating in a quarter, which entitled it to some credence, all taken together, were too ominous, to say the least, to produce less than feelings of grave concern, and it was at this time when great commercial interests were at stake, and the Union apparently in danger, that it was decided to purchase territory, if this could be done; but even under these circumstances the design was only to secure a port of entry and to take so much territory as might be found neces-

THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

sary to accomplish this purpose.

Relying upon the necessities of the case, for justification, rather than upon the Constitution, for authority.

Being uncertain whether the rumored cession had actually been made, the ministers to both France and Spain were instructed, in effect, that if it has not actually been made, they were to use their best efforts to prevent it, and at the same time to try and obtain if possible a cession of New Orleans and the Floridas to the United States.

Negotiations were entered upon with this intent, but fortunately for the United States, just at this time, France appeared liable to have trouble at home, and Bonaparte anticipating that he would need "the sinews of war"offered to sell the whole of Louisiana.

The magnitude of this offer, and its importance to the United States, can better be appreciated when we consider that it embraced in scope of territory, almost as much as the whole thirteen States and also the whole western bank of the Mississippi, thus giving to the United

States not only a vast scope of country to be peopled by Americans, and erected into sovereign States giving strength and solidity to the Union, but also the undisputed right to navigate the Mississippi, and settle forever, those questions, which had recently been the subject of so much concern.

Mr. Livingstone, minister to France, in connection with Mr. Monroe who had been sent over as a special agent with instructions, and to co-operate with the resident ministers to France and Spain, were not slow to see the advantages of the offer, and in consideration of its vast importance, assumed the responsibility of acting without instructions, and transcending their authority, they concluded negotiations, and sent the treaty home for ratification, which was the first intimation the administration had of any such design.

There is no doubt but that the ministers acted wisely under the circumstances, but it is equally clear that there was no constitutional authority for the acquisition.

Jefferson said unhesitatingly, that it was unconstitutional and proposed an ex post facto amendment to the constitution to give validity to the transaction.

Madison, it is said, drew the proposed amendment.

Adams approved it, but for reasons of which the writer is not aware, the subject was finally abandoned.

An amendment was certainly unnecessary as France was precluded by her solemn treaty from setting up any claim to the territory, no other government pretended to claim it, and if there had been any such claim the United States were able to defend against it.

But whether these were, or were not the reasons, the proposed amendment was not abandoned on account of the supposed constitutionality of the acquisition.

Territorial government followed, and so far as the writer is advised, without objection on the part of the inhabitants.

But this does not necessarily evince any claim of constitutional right in Congress nor assent to such claim on the part of the people, because aside from the spirit and genius of the state and national governments, the fundamental law of human rights, as recognized by all, and the precedent in the case of the northwestern territory, it was one of the treaty stipulations between France and the United States, that the inhabitants of the ceded territory should be incorporated into the Union, and admitted as soon as possible according to the principles of the Constitution to the* enjoyment of all the rights, advantages and immunities of citizens of the United States and in the meantime be maintained and protected in the enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion which they profess.

Under the circumstances it mattered little what kind of temporary government was instituted, and its organization by Congress, and acceptance by the people only shows that Congress considered some kind of temporary government necessary, and that the people were willing to submit, well knowing, as they did, that their liberty, religion, and property were guaranteed meanwhile, and that as soon as they became numerically sufficient, they could arise, as did

t 7 8 THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

Michigan, and claim admission as of right under the conditions of the treaty.

The motives which prompted the acquisition of the Floridas were doubtless mixed.

It was thought that it would be easier and more certain to maintain peaceful relations with citizens of the United States inhabiting that bank of the

Mississippi than with foreigners, but there was by this time growing up a strong desire on the part of the southern men to extend the territorial domain, and possibly this consideration entered into this transaction; whatever may have been the motives for acquiring the Floridas, there was inserted into this treaty a clause similar in effect to that in the treaty for Louisiana; the people were to be protected in the enjoyment of their liberty, religion, and property, and admitted into the Union so soon, at least, as they were ready for self-government, and the writer's limited research has failed to discover, even up to, and including the cession by Mexico, by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, any claim on the part of the promoters of these purchases, to hold and govern territory as a colony, beyond the time when the inhabitants became numerically sufficient to exercise the functions of self government.

On the other hand, about the time of this Mexican cession and the organization of*the governments, State and Territorial, which were erected over it, the leading men of both the north and south, placed themselves on record respecting the subject, an examination of which shows that, while some were of opinion that the right existed, constitutional or of necessity, to acquire and institute temporary government, all agreed that it ceased, so soon as the people were capable of governing themselves.

Daniel Webster, the great expounder of the Constitution, in his speech on the "sixteen million dollar loan bill"used the following unmistakable language:

"I am against all accessions of territory to form new States.

I resist to-day and forever, and to the end, any proposition to add foreign territory, south or west, north or east, to the States of this Union as they are now constituted and held together under the constitution.

Arbitrary governments may have territories and distant possessions, because arbitrary governments may rule them by different laws and different systems.

Russia may rule in the Ukraine, and the provinces of the Caucasus, and Kamtschatka by different codes, ordinances or ukases.

We can do no such thing.

They must be of us, part of us else strangers."John C. Calhoun, William H. Seward, and Lewis Cass, were quite as explicit if not so emphatic in defining their views upon the question, claiming in substance that any colonial system was incongruous with the political system of the United States and equally open to oppression, and exposed to fraud.

Henry Clay was of the opinion that come from what source the right to govern might, it was but temporary and ceased so soon as the people were able to govern themselves, which was substantially the view also of Zachary Taylor and others who might be named.

That the views ot these illustrious statesmen were correct there can be no doubt, at least so far as they held that the right of Congress ceased so soon as the people were able to govern themselves, because, even it we admit the right to acquire territory, and for Congress to extend its parental arm over the people while the numbers are so few as to need succor in the matter of government, to continue this condition of things indefinitely, for Congress to assume the control of the domestic affairs of a people capable of taking care of themselves, would be to defeat the very objects for which the government was created.

The writer is aware of the construction which the United States Supreme Court has placed upon the Constitution, with respect to this subject, and that the decision of that distinguished tribunal is considered as settling the questions involved, but while that court has decided that under the Constitution Congress may institute territorial govern-

THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

ment, it has not decided that Congress may continue this system indefinitely, nor indeed, had it so decided, could the writer accept it as settling the question, because it would be in contravention of sacred and settled rights, existing by virtue of a law as much higher in its origin as are the heavens above the earth, and embracing a scope as much wider in its operations as is the whole habitable globe, more expansive than the United States; while the Constitution is confined in its operations in the United States proper, the law of equality of the human family applies to the habitable globe, whether it is operative in certain quarters or not. Nothing should be considered as settled which is not right where the liberties of a people are concerned, the supreme court has heretofore reversed itself, and as certain as it is true that right will triumph, so certain is it that causes will operate to bring about a reversal of all unjust decisions of that court so far as they can affect the liberty of the people.

The writer, as he has before stated, entertains the most profound respect for the opinions of the United States supreme court, and is inclined to credit those who advocate the doctrine of Congressional supremacy, with sincerity, "yet whether from the ardor of their desire to promote party interest, they have allowed their judgments to become warped, or from what course so ever it may have been produced, he has no doubt of their error.

The Constitution has always been celebrated for the felicity and simplicity of its language, and the writer does not believe that either in terms or by necessary implication the power to hold and govern territories as colonies, is therein conferred, but even if it were, the provision would be nugatory, because in conflict with the higher law.

The first continental Congress (of whom Lord Chatham said that he had studied and admired the free States of antiquity, the master States of the world, but that for solidity of reasoning, force of sagacity and wisdom of conclusion no body of men could stand in preference to that Congress) in their "Declaration of rights"or "bill of indictment"brought against the king, declared that the inhabitants of the English colonies, in north America were by the immutable laws of nature entitled to life, liberty, and property.

The framers of the Declaration of Independence, reiterated this doctrine, only they took broader grounds, declaring that these were the rights of the whole human family; that all men were created equal, and that the right to life, liberty and property, were not only inherent but inalienable, which latter simply means that the people themselves cannot perform an act, with solemnities enough to pass this right, so as to prevent them from again arising and claiming it against all the world when it may suit their purpose.

This declaration of rights has in some form or another been incorporated into the Constitution of every State within the Union, so that in adopting these constitutions, it has become the declaration of the whole people, every man by depositing his ballot in the first instance or by subsequently selecting the

State as his domicile, thus speaking for himself, one cannot conceive how a law could be more generally indorsed than is this law, acknowledged to be of divine origin, and it is scarcely necessary to say, that being so any human law which conflicts with these heaven-born rights is void.

It is universally acknowledged that all human systems in conflict with the laws of God must yield.

The right to life, liberty and property carries with it as an inevitable consequence the right to enact laws, rules and regulations for the protection of that life, the preservation of liberty, the disposal of property, and to administer justice.

If these are not committed to the inhabitants of the territories, then they do not enjoy their rights, their lives, liberty and property all being in the custody and keeping of the citizens of the States which is really the case.

Under the territorial system the"far-seeing and sagacious business man of the territory may, by his industry, honesty and frugality, amass his millions, yet he has not the

i So THE WARFARE OF THE BRITONS.

absolute right to participate in making laws to protect and preserve this property, to provide how much or what per centage of it shall be for the benefit of public schools, or even for the education of his own children.

The impecunious spendthrift, however, who happens to reside within a State, although he never earned a dollar, and would not know how to spend it wisely if he had one, may, through senators and representatives of his choosing, dispose of every dollar of the other man's hard earned means.

The pious minister of the gospel, and the hardy son of the soil, of the territory may by their pious example and lifelong labor of love, care and concern have reared their children as pure and unsullied as angels, yet they have not the absolute right to participate in the making of laws, rules and regulations for the protection of the lives or the preservation of the virtue of those innocent children, while the lecherous debaucher who revels in the dens of infamy, and sinks of iniquity within the State although he has no adequate idea of the value of chastity, or the moral courage to assume the responsibility of a family, may through the senators and representatives of his choosing assume the control, care and custody of all these sacred trusts.

It would seem to the writer as though it needed no further illustrations to convince one of the most obtuse perception of the outrageous character, and unconstitutionality of a system which admits of such gross inequality.

It is certainly a deplorable condition of things, to say the least, when American statesmen can advocate such doctrine without blushing.

N.

Tanner, Jr.

There is no crime so great as one perpetrated against the freedom of peoples.

THE WARFARE OF THE BRITONS.

As already stated, the Britons were, at the time of Caesar's arrival, in a state o/ at least semi-barbarism: their homes mere thatched huts—their towns made up of a collection of these unpretentious residences, surrounded by a ditch and a low mud wall.

They had no knowledge of the arts and sciences; they boasted not of academies and colleges; no railroads ran across their meadows; no telegraph wires communicated tidings of terrible events from distant parts; and that now welcome visitor—the morning newspaper—had never then been introduced as a suitable accompaniment to a British breakfast.

But with all the disadvantages then prevailing, Csesar found it much more of a task than he had expected, to gain a foothold on British soil. The Britons were always a fearless race; and in those days, although they had no pistols or powder, they were, as now, possessed of pluck and perseverance, which did them good service on many occasions.

Their skill in warfare was only of that rude character which had been acquired in contentions between their own tribes;

but with copper swords and short daggers they showed fight to the aggressive Romans, and gained many a victor}'.

They were not without stratagem, for they frightened the Roman horses with a species of rattle carried in the butt end of their spears; and while the animals, unaccustomed to such music, were dancing and capering on the field, the Britons made the riders uncomfortable with their spears, which weapon, being attached to the wrist by a strap, was, after being hurled at an antagonist, dexterously regained and used time after time in the conflict.

But while the Roman horses were so susceptible to fear as to be almost unmanageable, the

British horses were so well trained that they would move or stand still at the word of command; and, unlike the horses of this western country, which can scarcely be left with safety tied in front of your own gate, these British steeds would stand per-

SLANDER.

fectly quiet, amidst the noise and din of battle, and always be found when wanted waiting for orders.

Perhaps the flipper fiend was not yet born, or matters would have been different.

These trusty animals—the horses, not the fiends, were hitched on to the British war chariots, which did such fearful execution that they are noted in history.

They consisted of a chariot-shaped bed, on two wheels, and were open at the hind end.

The wheels were provided with a species of scythe or sword blade, which cut their way through the strongest phalanx of soldiery, as the horses, being so well trained, would start on a gallop at the command of the driver, and, like the modern English cab horse, run down all that stood in their way.

So terrible were these chariots, that whenever the Roman soldiers saw a cloud of dust and heard the noise which accompanied the chariots, they were smitten with terror, so much so that some were actually known to say their prayers, which, like some soldiers of more modern times, they were doubtless very loth to do unless hard pressed.

So Caesar did not conquer Britain on his first visit.

With eighty vessels and twelve thousand men, he was so harassed by the British warriors that he was glad to accept of a proposal of peace and return home.

But he soon came back, and he had evidently formed a higher estimate of British valor by the time of his second visit, for this time he brought eight hundred ships and thirty thousand men.

It is presumable that as he was better prepared, so were the British, who, although divided into about forty tribes, each with a king or chief over them, united themselves under one leader or general and gave determined battle to Caesar's hosts.

this unity had prevailed, there is no telling how great a victory might have been recorded over the invaders;

but jealousy—that demon whose fatal work has so often crippled the greatest enterprises—brought dissensions among the

British chiefs.

So when Cassivelannus found himself watched with envious eyes for his bravery and zeal, and further, that the other chiefs or kings were quarreling with each other; thus breeding disunion and its consequent weakness, he made a proposal of peace which Caesar accepted, and the second time took his departure.

Perhaps he had come to the conclusion which Napoleon reached nearly two thousand years afterwards, that the British were such unreasonable people that they never knew when they were whipped.

So it was left for another emperor and another time for a new effort to be made to conquer Britain and her people.

Chas.

W. Stayner.

SLANDER.

"Slander's edge is sharper than the sword: her tongue Outvenoms all the worms of Nile; her breath

Rides on the posting winds, and doth belie

All comers of the world:

kings, queens, and states;

Maids, matrons—nay, the very secrets of the grave, This viperous Slander enters."Skakspeare.

Slander is the defamation of character;

it may be either national or personal.

National slander is the misrepresentation of the acts or purposes of a state or people.

Personal slander is the malicious vilification of an individual.

The Latter-day Saints have ever been the victims of slander.

From the time of their existence as a people until the present, they have been made to feel this weapon of cowards.

All the evil effects to which the victims of slander can point are plainly visible in the present situation of the Mormon people;

therefore we select them to illustrate the evil results of national slander.

The people of the world entertain the most absurd ideas in relation to the "Mormons."Among the ignorant, you are sometimes asked, "Is Utah an island?""Who is your king now?""Are the

SLANDER.

women still slaves out there; and do you hitch them to plows like you did a few years ago?"Very frequently you find whole neighborhoods who believe that our Elders,who are sent out to preach the

Gospel to them, go out as spies, to become acquainted with the country, and prepare to make war upon the United

States. They say it is our mission to get all we can to join us, and take them to

Utah, where the men will be put to work as slaves, and their wives given to the priests.

Others believe there is a high wall about Utah, and when a person once gets inside he can't get out without the consent of a priest or bishop.

Not long since, the writer was on his way to visit some Elders in East Tennessee, and stopped at a hotel where the

State Inspector of Post Offices was staying—he had also been a colonel in the Confederate army during the rebellion.

Learning that he had lately been traveling through that part of the State where our Elders were laboring, and thinking we might learn where they were located, we asked him if he had heard of any "Mormon"preachers in his travels.

He answered:

"No Why, do you want to go with them?""Yes, perhaps so.""Well, you'd better not go with them;

keep out of their way.""Why do you advise that?""Because, when they get you to Utah, they will use you for their own purposes, and you can't get back;

They'll make a slave of you;

but Congress will put a stop to their infamous works this next winter."Here the Post Office Inspector left the room, and further conversation was cut off.

Often it is believed if a man goes to Utah, and he likes not the faith of the "Mormons,"it is impossible for him to get away;

he is guarded, and should he attempt to escape he loses his life, and his property is seized by the Church.

These are the ideas entertained by thousands of people in the States respecting the "Mormons."Even those who profess to be "informed"claim that we do not believe the Jewish Scriptures—the Old and New

Testament—that with us Joseph Smith takes the place of Christ—that we worship him instead of God—that we "countenance the liar, respect the thief,"honor the murderer, applaud the perjurer—provided they but commit their offenses in the interests of the "Mormon"faith.

They have learned to consider the "Mormon"Church responsible for every crime committed in the Territory, and every evil as the fruits of "Mormonism."Believing all the above to be true about the Latter-day Saints, there exists, among some very good people, too, a spirit of intense bitterness against them.

Many would consider it doing God's service to adopt any measures, however unfair they might be, to suppress "Mormonism."

When the Saints were citizens of Ohio, Missouri and Illinois, the red right hand of a bloody persecution did all it could to blot them out of existence.

Of late years the strong arm of the general government of the United

States has been persuaded to apply the punitive lash to the inhabitants of Utah, and already special legislative enactments have been passed by Congress against the interests of the "Mormon"people—we have no space to say here that these enactments were not only unconstitutional, but also anti-constitutional—and that those who have passed said laws have been loosening the keystone of the arch of liberty, and have this endangered the whole temple of freedom.

Notwithstanding the general government has done all, and more than it could of right do, against the "Mormons,"there are many who still clamor for more stringent measures against this people.

They would have this "Mormon"ulcer, as they term it, "bayonetted to death,"and one divine publicly advocates the plan of having "Phil Sheridan"placed at the head of the army with orders to carve the "Mormon problem"out of the body politic with his good sword.

But why does all this bitterness exist against a people who are said to possess

SLANDER.

'S3 many cardinal virtues?

Why does all this venom ooze from between the lips of so many followers of the lowly Nazerine?

The cause is Slander—whose "tongue outvenoms all the worms of Nile."From the first day Joseph Smith declared he had received a revelation from God until the present, misrepresentations have been scattered broadcast throughout the world.

False accusations from sources that could only be contemptible have been graciously received by the credulous public—who are ever willing to accredit those statements which obtain against an unpopular people.

Books containing the most scandalous statements concerning the "Mormons"and their faith, have been widely circulated.

Because we believe the same blessings and powers should attend the Gospel of

Christ to-day that ever accompanied it—that the sick should be anointed with oil and healed by the prayer of faith the gifts of prophecy, revelation, and wisdom—the gift of tongues and interpretation thereof; the most extravagant falsehoods have been reported in relation to these things:

such as Joseph Smith arranging planks just under the surface of the water, and then making people believe he was performing a miracle by walking on the water: of him and others of his followers, having some of their associates pretend to be sick;

and then, when administered to by the Elders, claim they were healed by the power of God; of others it is told that they uttered unintelligible gibberish, and maintained they were speaking in tongues, as the ancient Saints were wont to do; of others it was said they raised the assimilated dead—thus seeking to establish their religion by these spurious manifestations of miraculous power.

In Genesis ix:

6, we read:

"Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed;"that is,the death of those who are guilty of shedding man's blood, when they have been legally convicted of their crime, should be such that when executed, their blood would be shed;

and because we believe in the above, the world has been so flooded with blood-curdling stories of "Blood Atonement"among the "Mormons,"that they believe we have little regard for the sacredness of human life, and that for the most trivial offense against the "Mormon"faith, we murder people without regard to age or condition—that

Utah is a mere human slaughter pen.

Because we believe in that form of marriage practiced by Abraham, Jacob,

Moses, and many of the ancient prophets, and servants of God, it is thought we are strangers to virtue, and are guilty ot the most disgusting incest and licentiousness.

It is needless to tell the readers of the Contributor that these ideas concerning our people are false—but those are the opinions people entertain of us—and thousands of them are honest in their prejudice.

As a consequence of these false impressions existing, respecting the Latter-day Saints, many people are unwilling to listen to anything in our favor, much less to hearken to the instructions of our Elders, whom we send to preach the Gospel in their midst.

So bitter are the feelings of men in some neighborhoods, that they band together to drive out traveling Elders from their vicinity, and in some instances seek their lives.

What has caused this state ot affairs?

Slander!

And they who have come into our midst, and then through self-interest, a love of popular applause, or because of their own hatred of the light of truth, which has broke forth in the midst of darkness, have misrepresented us and our institutions to the world, vilified our character, or said amen to the efforts of those who have traduced us, and thus have stirred up this bitter feeling toward us, and fanned the flame of hatred, until it breaks out in acts of violence—are as culpable as those who redden their hands in the blood of the Saints and servants of God;

because their slanderous reports it is which have provoked the deeds ot violence.

Who can estimate the mischief that slander produces?

How long will it be ere the world will get rid of those false impressions respecting the slandered

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

state or people?

How much or how long will that state or people who have been the victims of slander, suffer from cruel prejudice?

Because of the false reports which have gone out concerning the "Mormons"and their institutions, how many will reject the Gospel?

We do not know; but of one fact we may be assured—that as the sun rises above the mountains and dispels the mists which have accumulated during the night, so truth will rise above the mountains of calumny, dispel the sodden clcuds of slander, "and nations shall come to the glory of her rising."The mischief which national slander brings upon a state or people, personal slander brings upon the individual.

It destroys its victim's reputation, and awakens cruel prejudice against him.

But inasmuch as the means employed to undermine an individual's character are the same as those used to bring a whole people into disrepute, little need be said under this heading.

Imagine two young men starting in life.

One, by dint of hard work, coupled with courage, perseverance and integrity, rises in the estimation of the good and honorable in society, wins for himself an honest fame.

The other treats indifferently his opportunities, neglects to cultivate the talents with which nature has endowed him, and, as a sequence, he makes no mark in the world;

but seeing the success of his one-time companion, he is envious of him; and as he posesses not the energy to rise by merit, he resorts to the vilest means of bringing the successful one to a level with himself.

He speaks lightly of his rival's talents, magnifies his defects, underrates his public performances, misrepresents his utterances and intentions, arouses suspicion as to his integrity, invents false reports against him, and in every way seeks to bring him into disrepute.

How dishonorable, how contemptible are such proceedings Yet such is the course of the slanderer.

He robs us of our good name, steals that which is of most value to the worthy possessor, and most worthless to the thief, for:

"Good name in man or woman, dear, my lord,

Is the immediate jewel of their soul.

Who steals my purse, steals trash.

But he who filches from me my good name, Robs me of that which not enriches him,

And leaves me poor indeed."Slander throws suspicion on the good;

it blackens the fair fame of the pure;

it blights all on whom it falls; the innocent are its victims.

It is thrice cursed.

It curses him who employs it; him who accredits it as truth;

it curses its victims.

Slander is the weapon of the envious, of hypocrites, and of cowards; none but the ignoble can with patience listen to it.

It befouls the lips through which it passes, infects the pure air of heaven with venom, and leaves its filthy slime on holy ground.

B. H. Roberts.

Character gives splendor to youth.

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

IV.

Ireland has many attractions for the tourist and pleasure seeker, as well for its historical features of interest, as for the marked peculiarity of its picturesque and varied scenery.

In making a tour of Ireland, and in order to obtain as much as possible of that which is pleasurable and instructive; the tourist should be acquainted with the history of the places he may visit, and of the points of interest connected therewith.

Much of the history of Ireland borders on the fabulous, and unless one is reliably informed many points of interest will be missed, and the credulous imposed upon by local guides.

The intelligent tourist is generally fortified against the loquacity of local guides, like the "Doctor"of Mark Twain, in Geneva; but few are proof against the "blarney"of an Irish guide, whose ready wit and ease ot

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

utterance usually carries conviction to the minds of credulous tourists.

American tourists will find a duplicate of the "Genoese guide"in every country; and often have the visitors to the places of interest in Canada been amused when viewing the spot marked as follows, ''Here fell Montgomery,"on the heights of Quebec, by a loquacious guide telling them that a man by that name fell headlong down the precipice and was killed.

In steaming into Cork harbor the traveler is struck with the beauty and complacency that is witnessed there, and truly may it be said that a "haven of safety"has been reached.

This fine harbor, the finest in the world, contains about ten square miles of water, and is formed by the estuary of the river Lee, which is navigable for ships of light burden, to the city of Cork.

The entrance to the harbor is guarded by heavy batteries stationed on the islands of Spike, Rocky, Hawlboline, and Fort Carlisle, some of these islands also being used as convict stations.

The town of Queenstown, situated on an elevation overlooking the harbor, is very pleasantly located, it is built in the form of an amphitheatre, and looks imposing from the deck of an approaching steamer.

This town was formerly called the Cove of Cork, but on the occasion of the Queen's visit, in 1850, it was changed to Queenstown in honor of that event.

It is a lovely place, and on account of the mildness and salubrity of its climate, is a favorite winter resort for invalids.

Eight miles further up the harbor is West Passage, a town of some importance as a watering place, likewise as the port where ships of heavy burden unload their cargoes.

This town is distant from the city of Cork about six miles, and connected therewith by the Cork and Passage Railway.

Arriving at the city of Cork, the traveler is struck with the beauty and pleasant picturesqueness of its uneven ground, irregular streets, intersecting river, and overhanging heights. The red sandstone houses and terraced slopes render the scene quite charming.

The city is situate on the north and south *5* banks of the river Lee, and as the north bank rises gradually to an eminence upon which stands the military barracks, overlooking the city, the view from the quay is quite imposing.

The Lee bridge is famed as being the resort of beggars, who accost the traveler in this wise:

"Oah Kehristins, may the Lord protect ye from the dangers av the night, and guide yer sowls, etc., etc., and may ye niver know what it is to be forever dark and have no eyes; and for Kehroist's sake lave a penny for the blind that can niver see agin."At the foot of the bridge, and across the quay, is St.

Patrick's street, the principal street in the city.

A splendid statue of Father Matthew, the apostle of temperance, is erected in this street, at the end of which to the left of the Grand Parade, Great George's street branches to the right, and at the end of this street stands the Court House.

The splendid Corinthian columns supporting the portico, won the applause of Lord Macaulay, who declared "they would do honor to Paladio."This building is famous in story, and in connection therewith is a remarkable statue of James II, whereon hangs a tale.

This statue, on the defeat of the Stuarts, was first decapitated and then hidden away beneath the stairs of the old Court House, called the King's Old Castle. When this building was being repaired in 1806, the mutilated statue of King James was found, taken from beneath the stairs, placed in the grand jury room, and the headless trunk perfected with the head of William

III.

This statue was removed to the grand jury room of the present building in 1S36, where it now stands.

Many good stories are told of scenes and enactments witnessed in this place;

the following fact is part of the court records:

"At the Autumn Assizes of 1766, a man named Patrick Redmond was indicted for robbing the dwelling house of John Griffin.

He was found guilty, sentenced to death, and hanged on the tenth of September, 1776, at Gallows Green.

He was cut down after hanging exactly nine minutes, and an actor named Glover, who was then per-

i86 IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

forming on the Cork stage, by means of friction and fumigation, succeeded in restoring animation;

and, ere long, Patrick Redmond was able to walk, as if nothing had happened to him.

Possibly the ill-advised attention of his friends prevailed on him to drink more than he ought;

for ere nightfall he got drunk, and went to the theatre to return thanks to Glover for saving his life.

The frequenters at the theatre on beholding the appearance of a man in the evening whom many had seen hanged in the morning, were naturally considerably frightened;

and women fainted, and a terrible scene of confusion took place."It is not stated that he was retaken, and we may infer he was a tailor by trade, for the historian of Cork remarks:

"He was the third tailor who had outlived hanging during two years."

Cork is a beautiful city, and as one walks along the Mall, a public walk a mile long, and lined by noble elms, he is charmed with the grandeur and magnificence of the buildings and edifices that adorn that part of the city; and a passage down the river is made delightful by the verdure of its sloping banks, dotted here and there with white mansions, stately halls and old castles. Cork once boasted a barber who, to augment his business, sold malt liquor, and placed on his sign the following couplet:

"Rove not from Pole to Pole, but step in here,

Where naught excels the shaving but the beer."

It was in this city that William Penn, the founder of Pennsylvania, first became a Quaker.

The county of Cork, like the city, is fraught with interest to the tourist, possessing as it does, many marks of historical importance.

It was in this and adjoining counties that the great Desmond war was waged, and some of the greatest battles were fought in this county (1580).

The immense landed estates of Ear IDesmond, extending from Duncasin, in Kerry, to the meeting of theSuir,

Nore and Barrow, in Waterford, and from Queenstown to Limerick, containing a million acres, were confiscated and given to Englishmen.

Sir Walter Raleigh, and Edmund Spenser, the poet, received large grants of the forfeited estates, the former situated along the valley of the Blackwater, from Lismore to Toughal;

in the latter town he built and occupied a residence, which is still in excellent preservation, called Myrtle Grove, now the property of Mr. Pope Hennessey.

Edmund Spenser lived in Kilcolman Castle, in the north part of this county, and it was here he composed his great work, the "Faerie Queene,"and a number of other poems.

Kilcolman Castle is now a ruin.

There are no signs about it of past glories in architecture, and the very traces of fire have been washed by the elements, and the memorials of the poet's ruin have passed away;

but the everlasting hills still keep their watch over the stern old building.

The slippery staircase of stone is yet perfect, which Raleigh and Spenser often trod up and down together.

One lovely evening in the autumn of 1598, while Spenser and his wife Elizabeth, whose "fayre golden tresses"he so much loved, were seated together in the castle, a tramp of a thousand feet was heard approaching the lonely building.

Rude knocking was heard at the gate and the passage was forced in and lights flared up on all sides; and there were groans, and shrieks, and commingling cries of men engaged in fierce battle.

Savage numbers prevailed, and applications for mercy were met by the sweep of the broad sword, or the thrust of the skeine,or the low short laugh of derision;

and the tumult grew less, and the cries died away, and then all was hushed in the silence of death.

"Then came a vision of a rough and stormy ocean, and a struggling bark was wildly contending on it with the mad tempest,and there were terrified fugitives crouching low on her deck, and looking with eager eyes toward a blue low-lying shore they were with difficulty approaching.

And then the scene changed to a plainly furnished room in an inferior street, and the wanderers were there, and knew of their safety; but the strong man's cheek was flushed with disease, the fever was feeding upon his strength,

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

his head was sick and his heart was broken.

"And then, in a gorgeous aisle of a reverend minster, we saw a crowd assemble, and a grave was dug, and a long procession issued from a low-arched door near at hand, and proceeded toward the grave.

And the nobles of the land were there, and poets read their eulogies of the deceased, and cast the verses and the pens that wrote them, into the pit.

And then there was the rumbling of earth upon the coffin lid, and the hollow thumping of the sexton's spade, and suppressed sobs and tears, the dying away of departing footsteps—dust and ashes—and the earthly clay of what was

Edmund Spenser remained, to wait the trumpet of the resurrection day."

Ben Jonson said he "died for lake of bread."There are many ruins of castles and abbeys and noted edifices in the county of Cork, especially along the banks of the Blackwater.

Many points of interest can be visited by the traveler;

The town of Blarney, with its castle and the celebrated "Blarney stone;"Bandon, with its relics of English Protestantism;

Fermoy, where lies the body of the celebrated "Willie Brennan,"famous in Irish song.

About forty-six miles west-northwest from Cork, in the county of Kerry, is situated one of the most picturesque spots in Ireland—the Lakes of Killarney.

The town of Killarney is situated about a mile and a half from the lower lake.

It makes no pretentions to beauty or notoriety;

it is of the ordinary type of Irish market towns in general.

It can boast a Roman Catholic cathedral and a nunnery, which give to it an air of importance, though otherwise it is unimportant.

In the summer it is made quite lively by the great number of tourists that visit the lakes.

The Lakes of Killarney consist of Upper, Middle and Lower.

The Upper Lake is two and one half miles long, and about three quarters of a mile wide, and contains several islands.

It is connected with the Middle Lake by the Long Range River a stream about three miles long.

The Middle Lake is about two miles long and one wide; but the largest and most important one of the three is the Lower Lake; which is about five miles long by three wide.

What makes these lakes such a favorite resort is the beauty of the scenry that surrounds them.

The grand old mountains—Macgillicuddy's Reeks—the highest mountains in

Ireland, which rise from the western shores of the lakes, and reach an eminence of about three thousand four hundred feet, are noble and picturesque, with their tops crowned with purple heath and their base fringed with variegated woods, conspicuous among which is the beautiful arbutus or strawberry tree, a native of this place.

Mangerton, a peak of the Reeks, better known as the "Devil's Punch Bowl,"is an ugly bulk of a mountain, a truncated pyramid, with the "Punch Bowl"on top.

Dunloe Gap, a large ravine in the mountains, is also an object of interest, made more so from the fact that the credulity of the tourist is often imposed upon by the native boatman or carman, who acts as guide. In Carlyle's "Reminiscences,"we are told of his visit to this gap, and of his introduction to the "Dunloe Hotel,"and the request of the proprietor to partake of its hospitality, which consists of whiskey and goat's milk, served up by the veritable "Kate Kearney's niece."Many fine residences adorn the shores of the lakes; notable are Castle Lough,

Lady Kenmore's Cottage, Roche's Inn, and many others of beautiful architecture and romantic surroundings.

Muck Abbey is a fine spectacle viewed by moonlight.

There is a wild, weird beauty in all, that is sublime.

The Upper and Middle Lakes are the most beautiful and romantic;

the Lower Lake is large and generally windy and rough;

it has several islands, I think thirty in all—on one of which in the northwest of the lake is a religious edifice.

There is also a race-course and many amusements are afforded and indulged in in the summer.

Killarney, like nearly all places resorted to by tourists, is

i88 USE OF BIG WORDS.

infested with beggars and dependents, and no opportunity is wanted to dispose of the "small change."In the midst of all this grandeur, squalor and poverty abound.

Dark, narrow huts, the habitations of a family,together with a cow, and pig and chickens, all comprising the family, may be found. "Galore,"and the faithful "dodeen"is kept going by nearly every member of the (human) family, and buttermilk, potatoes amd "potheen,"is the summum bonum of the Irish peasant's earthly life.

Robt. S. Spence.

Do what is right and fear no one; thou mayst be sure that, with all thy consideration for the world, thou wilt never satisfy the world.

USE OF BIG WORDS.

"He goes on his own hook"has been rendered more elegantly in deference to and in accordance with the spirit of the times, in this manner:

"He progresses on his own personal curve;"and a barber in London advertises that his "customers are shaved without incision or laceration, for the microscopic sum of one halfpenny.""One might have heard a pin fall"is a proverbial expression of silence; but it has been eclipsed by the French phrase, "You might have heard the unfolding of a lady's cambric pocket handkerchief;"and as it is somewhat vulgar to say "pitch darkness,"it has been so improved as to read "bituminous obscurity."Another polite way of expressing the fact that a man is naturally lazy is to say that he is "constitutionally tired;"and "Nominate your poison"is the poetical way of asking, •'What will you drink?"On one occasion, we are told, a doctor of divinity rung the changes on "He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.""He that is accessible to auricular vibration,"said the doctor, "let him not close the gates of his tympana."Then, again, we have that old-fashioned saying, "The more the merrier,"delightfully translated in this way:

"Multitudinous assemblages are the most provocative of cachinnatory hilarity."It is even reported that not very long ago a clergyman spoke of seeing a young lady "with the pearl-drops of affection hanging and glistening on her cheek."He meant that she was crying.

Certain critics, too, occasionally launch out in a similar metaphorical style.

Concerning a young and aspiring orator, one wrote:

"He broke the ice felicitously, and was immediately drowned with applause."

Quite recently a literary man of some celebrity, in a letter describing the early fall of snow in Switzerland, did not say the storm abated, but "the flakes dwindled to flocculi!"and instead of vulgarlyputting it that they melted a potful of snow to obtain water, he said that firewood was "expended in rendering its own heat latent in the indispensable fluid."Equally as good was that which relates to a certain eminent professor, who observed that very wonderful things were occasionally discovered nowadays.

He had found out lately that "Nystagmus, or oscillation of the eye-balls, is an epileptiform affection of the cerebellular oculomotorial centers;"and he added, "Don't forget in future what sort of a thing a 'nystagmus'is.""You have mentioned several times during the evening,"observed one of the audience to the lecturer, "the word 'periphrasis;'would you kindly inform me of its precise meaning?""Certainly,"said he;

"it is simply a circumlocutory and pleonastic circle of oratorical sonorosity, circumscribing an atom of ideality, lost in verbal profundity."As this explanation was received in solemn silence, we trust it was deemed a satisfactory one.

It is, however, recorded that the gifted orator was not called upon again to explain for the rest of the evening.

London possesses a phraseology of its own, and is at times rather amusing than otherwise.

Two pedestrians were re-

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

cently accosted in terms the most magniloquent by a street beggar:

"Good gentlemen, will you kindly administer the balm of consolation to a wretched and debilitated constitution?""Our 'buses,"said a conductor in answer to an inquiry made, "runs a quarter arter, arf arter, quarter to, and at!"A young man from the country, while exploring one of the quiet lanes in the city for a dinner, had his ears mysteriously saluted by a shrill voice from an eating house, which uttered in rapid tones the following incomprehensible jargon "Biledlamancapersors, Rosebeefrosegoose, Bilerabbitbileporkanonionsors,

Rosemuttonantaters, Biledamancabbagevegetables, Walkinsirtakeaseatsir!"Sometimes, in ordinary conversation, we find people very apt to make use of a particular sentence or a somewhat puzzling word even, with merely a vague idea of its proper meaning.

Take the following as an instance: A rich but ignorant lady, who was rather ambitious in her conversational style, in speaking of a friend, said, "He is a paragram of politeness.""Excuse me,"said a wag sitting next to her, "but do you not mean a parallelogram?""Of course I do, immediately replied the lady. "How could

I have made such a mistake?"It is well, by the way, to bear in mind a celebrated maxim of Lord Chesterfield's, which runs thus:

"It is advisable, before you expatiate on any particular virtue, and give way to what your imagination may prompt you to say, to ascertain first whom you are speaking to."The following will exemplify the necessity of this precaution:

"My dear boy,"said a lady to a precocious youth of sixteen, "does your father design you to tread the intricate and thorny paths of a profession, the straight and narrow ways of the ministry, or revel in the flowery fields of literature?""No, marm;

dad says he's a-going to set me to work in the tater field."As an example of meaningless phraseology, take the following anecdote of O'Connell:

In addressing a jury, and having exhausted every ordinary epithet of abuse, he stopped for a word, and then added, "This naufrageous ruffian."

When afterwards asked by his friends the meaning of the word, he confessed he did not know, but said he "thought it sounded well."By this admission we are reminded of a certain critic who charged a flowery orator with using "mixed metamorphosis;"and of an afflicted widower who recorded on the tombstone of his deceased wife that here lay the "meretricious mother of fourteen children."—Chambers''Journal.

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMINGS VII.—THE END.

"It is near, even at the doors. "- -Matt, xxiv,, 33- "And this Gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations, and then shall the end come."Matt, xxiv, 14.

Many and varied are the applications of the word Gospel, which literally means good news {evangeliutn), and its definitions have given rise to much controversy; hence, to end the dispute, we will quote the word of Paul, the great Gospel expounder, Rom.

i,. 16:

* Conclusion of series in Volume IV.

"For I am not ashamed of the Gospel of

Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation, to every one that believeth."Accepting the above as the end of argument, we will proceed to examine testimony in support of this "sign of the end,"and ascertain therefrom the importance of believing and obeying this Gospel, that we may not be led by the "craftiness of men, who lie in wait to deceive,"and be lulled to sleep by Pharisaical holiness, lest we awake to the distressing fact that our lamps are burnt out, and the Bridegroom approaches and we are not prepared to meet Him.

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

The words of our text are very significant and worthy of the utmost consideration, insomuch that upon them hinges all prophecy.

We will briefly examine the circumstances that prompted their utterance. Our Savior's mission on earth was nearing its close, and sad and mournful were the surrounding circumstances and the near approach of events made manifest by the prescient wisdom of the Son of God.

The companionship of His faithful followers was very dear to him, and the recorded words of the sacred historian (Matt, xxiv, 1,) are beautifully portrayed by Dr. Farrar in his "Life of Christ,"vol.

2, p. 254:

"And now Jesus left the temple fbr the last time; but the feelings of the apostles still clung with the loving pride of their nationality to that sacred and memorable spot.

They stopped to cast upon it one last lingering gaze, and one of them was eager to call His attention to its goodly stones and splendid offerings; those nine gates overlaid with gold and silver, and the one of solid Corinthian brass yet more precious; those beveled blocks of marble forty cubits long and ten cubits high, testifying to the toil and munificence of so many generations;

those double cloisters and stately pillars; that lavish adornment of sculpture and arabesque;

those alternate blocks of red and white marble, recalling the crest and hollow of the sea waves; those vast clusters of golden grapes, each cluster as large as a man, which twined their splendid luxuriance over the golden doors. They would have Him gaze with them on the rising terraces of courts the Court of the Gentiles, with its monolithic columns and rich mosaic.

Above this the flight of fourteen steps, which led to the Court of the Women; then the flight of fifteen steps, which led up to the

Court of the Priests; then once more the twelve steps which led to the final platform crowned by the actual Holy and Holy of Holies.

It is as though they thought that the loveliness and splendor of this scene would intercede with Him, touching His heart with mute appeal.

But the heart of Jesus was sad. To Him the sole beauty of a temple was the sincerity of its worshipers, and no gold or marble, no brilliant vermilion or curiously carven cedarwood, no delicate sculpturing or votive gems could change for Him a den of robbers into a house of prayer."Passing from the temple, and seated upon that sacred and memorable spot, the Mount of Olives, Jesus was being anxiously interrogated as to the many promises made by Him, and more particularly of the time of His second coming.

"What shall be the sign of thy coming, and the end of the world?"was asked, with more directness and earnestness than any other question.

Sad and mournful was He, as He recounted to them the many scenes of desolation and woe, that were to speedily overtake the

House of Judah, and mark their future history; and prominent among the events and occurrences that should foretell the "end"was the "gospel of the kingdom,"to be preached to all nations, and then the end.

The exact words of Jesus are, "this gospel,"none other, nor a variety of others, but the gospel of the kingdom of

God; "the power of God even unto the salvation of its faithful and obedient followers and adherents.

There can be no greater gospel, there can be none other;

the gospel, which at that time was the head and front of Christ's offending, is to be preached to all the world before the end shall come.

Paul was a great preacher and missionary, and together with Luke, Mark and others, traveled much in promulgating the gospel of Christ, and no doubt that the greater part of the then known world was visited, and the inhabitants thereof enabled to hear and receive the gospel and profit by its glorious teachings, but Jesus said it was to be preached to all the world as a witness to all nations, and then should follow the sequel, "the end."Dr. Mosheim, in his able work, "The History of the Church,"tells us that "towards the close of the second century, not a vestige of the Church of Christ was on the earth;"and the many evidences of the great apostasy leave no doubt of the truth of the statement.

SIGNS OF CHRISTS COMING.

But the end has not come.

The apostles asked for the time of the "end of the world;"when every knee should bow;

when the dominion of the usurper should be overthrown and Shiloh wield the sceptre of righteousness over His people.

Christ was as emphatic in His reply as the pertinency of the question demanded, and therefore the importance of heeding it by all those who value the doctrine of Christ as the only sure salvation.

The gospel that Jesus taught and enjoined upon His followers to teach and preach, admits of no counterfeit;

it is "the power of God,"and no power of earth or hell can approximate to it, and unless the power of God is manifest in its teachings and workings, it is not the gospel of the kingdom of

God, but a gospel of man or his seducer, the Devil, and as "the power of God unto salvation"can only be enjoyed by those who, by faithful obedience to the requirements of this gospel, are made partakers of its blessings, it stands every one in hand to look to it, that their house is not built upon the sand, but upon the rock of eternal truth and divine revelation.

No matter how close man may come to the original, it will avail nothing to its votaries, for Christ's gospel alone can give the greatest boon to mankind salvation.

No one need be in doubt or perplexity as to their chances of salvation;

for if they are recipients of the blessings that flow from the gospel, through their faithful observance of its laws;

the power of God will manifest to them their duties and obligations, and the closer they adhere to them, the greater blessings will be enjoyed by them here, and "the more sure word of prophecy"guide them to a haven of safety hereafter.

If they have not been made participants of the blessings of the gospel, but are vainly worshiping God, teaching and believing doctrines that are the commandments of men, their attention is called to the following facts: The gospel is not of words, but of power.

It has power to heal the sick, cast out devils, make the lame to walk, the blind to see, the dumb to speak, the deaf to hear, and to the believing, penitent sinner, seeking refuge within its portals, the promise is held out of a forgiveness of sins, and the reception of the Holy Ghost.

Jesus sent His disciples to "preach the kingdom of God and to heal the sick."(Luke ix, 2.) Jesus preached in their synagogues and healed all manner of sickness.

(Matt, iv, 23.) Christ commanded his disciples to "go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature,"and promised, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved,""and these signs shall follow them that believe."(Mark xvi, 15—20.) This is the gospel that Jesus said should be preached in all the world, and then shall the end come.

Did Paul or his contemporaries preach it in all the world?

If they did, where is the sequel?

Has it ever been preached since the great apostasy?

If so, by whom?

Modern Christianity denies its fundamental principles, and have so perverted it that scarcely a semblance remains, and the world of mankind are like the man looking in a bushel of chaff for two grains of wheat that are not there.

This gospel of the kingdom has been restored to the earth, and is being preached in accordance with the dictates of prophecy to all the world.

It has been and is now being carried by messengers of peace to nearly every habitable part of the globe, and only a very small portion have been deprived of the opportunity to hear and receive it, by the bigotry and intolerance of the nation's rulers.

But God is doing a "marvelous work and a wonder,"and nations, heretofore deaf to the voice of warning, are opening their doors and at least tolerating the delivery of God's message to

His children, "Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues."

Jesus said, "This gospel shall be preached for a witness unto all nations."

All nations must have the testimony of the gospel before the end will come.

Great changes and revolutions may be anticipated before all nations can be expected to have a satisfactory offer of the gospel.

"He that believeth on the Son

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

of God hath the witness in himself;

he that believeth not God hath made him a liar, because he believeth not the record that God gave of His Son."(1 John, v, 10.) Thrones must be cast down, and all stumbling blocks removed, then will the gospel be preached to all nations, after which will come the end.

"When the righteous have been gathered from all nations to Zion, all impediments to crime and error will cease to exist.

The sluice-ways of corruption and violence will be thrown open, and the infuriated passions of all flesh will rage in terror and wild consternation.

The catastrophe of earth's rebellion against God and prophets will be consummated in a manner never to be forgotten, worlds without end.

The tragic scene of nations rising against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and cities against cities, and towns against towns, and man against his fellowman, and woman against her sex, and child against child, will be a spectacle of penal terror and discipline not equalled by the universal deluge.

The concomitants of plague, fire.and famine, with the bellowing roar and blaze of falling planets, so often foretold and as often forgotten, will finish the victory of the Prince of Life, amidst the flourish of trumpets and the loud shoutings of the just, and frightful wailings of the lost."Thus it will be when the messengers of peace return to Zion, bind up the law and seal up the testimony;

when all light is withdrawn and darkness like a pall enshrouds the earth.

Then when the sun and moon cease to give their light, and only the blazing light of falling planets lend momentary illumination to the nations of the earth, will be heard a flourish of trumpets announcing the near approach of the Son of Man.

Every eye shall see Him, either as a friend or an enemy.

Every tongue shall praise Him, or wail because of Him.

The few righteous who are left among the nations will be made the objects of tender care and solicitude by the angels who will wend their way to the ends of the earth, ere the fatal blow is dealt.

Every human being on the earth will witness that scene either among the victors or the vanquished.

In anticipation of the question, When will all this be? We will quote from Christ's own words: "Be ye therefore ready also;

for the Son of Man cometh at an hour when ye think not."(Luke xii, 40.) "But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night."(2 Peter, iii, 10.) The Lord has told us that neither the day nor the hour shall be known; but if we had a correct chronology, we might perhaps approximate very closely to the year.

Doctrine and Covenants, section lxxvii, 12, says it will be in the beginning of the seventh thousand- years.

In the History of Joseph Smith, the great latter-day Prophet, dated March 10, 1844, we read:

"I have asked of the Lord concerning his coming; and while asking the Lord, he gave me a sign and said, 'In the days of Noah I set a bow in the heavens as a sign and token that in any year that the bow should be seen, the Lord would not come, but there should be seed time and harvest during that year;

but whenever you see the bow withdrawn, it shall be a token that there shall be famine, pestilence and great distress among the nations, and that the coming of the Messiah is not far distant.

I also prophesy, in the name of the Lord, that Christ will not come in forty years; and if God ever spoke by my mouth, he will not come in that length of time.

Brethren, when you go home, write this down, that it may be remembered.

Jesus never did reveal to any man the precise time that he would come."See also Doctrine and

Covenants, cxxx, 14—17.

Kind reader, are you prepared to meet the Savior when he does come?

Has the gospel made you an heir to life eternal?

Are you walking in that road that leads to an exaltation in the mansions of

God?

If you are, then all is well; but if not, Christ's coming will be too soon for you, unless you speedily repent.

The testimony of the servants of God is that it is nigh, even at the very doors, and saints and sinners are exhorted to be up and doing, lest it catch you sleeping.

Mockers there will be in the last days

RETROSPECTION.

that will scoff and sneer; but the decree has gone forth, the unalterable decree of Almighty God, "Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand,"and the signs are appearing in rapid succession, few being left, and that few of the most terrible kind predicted; therefore, "Seek ye the Lord while he may be found, call upon him while he is near,"lest he smite you and you be numbered with the lost.

Robert S. Spence.

Object of Life.—Every man and every woman has his or her assignment in the duties and responsibilities of daily life.

We are in the world to make the world better; to lift it up to higher levels of enjoyment and progress, to make its hearts and homes brighter and happier by devoting to our fellows our best thoughts, activities and influences.

It is the motto of every true heart and the genius of every noble life, that "no man liveth to himself"—lives simply to his own selfish good.

It is a law of our intellectual and moral being that we promote our own happiness in the exact proportion that we contribute to the comfort and enjoyment of others. Nothing worthy of the name of happiness is possible to the experience of those who live only for themselves, all oblivious of the welfare of their fellows;

and it is from such as these the cry of disappointed, selfish natures comes—"Life is not worth living."D.

True liberty consists in the privilege of enjoying our own rights, not in the destruction of the rights of others.

At the bottom of a good deal of the bravery that appears in the world there lurks a miserable cowardice.

Men will face powder and steel because they can not face public opinion.

Chapin.

A Soft Answer.—The London Punch gives the following illustration of the "soft answer"which turns away wrath:

Stout Lady Passenger (wincing;

he had trod on her best corn)—Phew!

clumsy Polite Old Gent.—Very sorry, my dear madam, but if you had a foot large enough to be seen, such an accident couldn't occur RETROSPECTION.

The pale, dull sun of February

Tinging with mellow light, The landscape drear, and mountain tops,

Grand in their sheen of white,

Lights up the day with glim'ring ray

And fadeth into night.

The shadows lay along the wall,

Gloomy and dark they seem, And fitfully the sunset rays Adown the casement stream, And the tired mind to rest inclin'd,

Would fain at twilight dream.

Call up some vision of the past

Glowing with life and light, Some rosy hued and brilliant scene

In dazzling splendor bright;

A pleasant phase of other days

And friends now lost to sight.

Ah pause, for from the years gone by

A dear, familiar face, The twilight shrouds in shadow,

And seemingly we trace The outlines clear of one most dear,

Crowned with a mystic grace.

And thoughts rush back to the long ago,

And we listen, as of yore, To catch the music of the hours

That will return no more;

And 'mid the flow'rs of childhood's bowers

Our hearts are gushing o'er.

We close the ideal vision, With memories so replete, And fancy the night wind sighing

A requiem low and sweet.

And as we part, the teardrops start,

The spell is so complete.

We'll meet the absent one again;

O faith, thy glorious ray, Brighter than sunshine floods the soul,

And lights the darkest day With beams divine, that constant shine,

Athwart the roughest way.

Emmeline B.

Wells.

i 94 EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, Iti Advance.

Salt Lake City, February, 1884.

LORENZO M. RICHARDS.

In the death of Elder Lorenzo M.

Richards, we have lost one of the brightest and most promising young men in this Territory.

The immediate circle of those who loved and respected him in life, and who feel deep personal sorrow in his death, is a large one; but it is fitting that a knowledge of his character and career should be even more extended.

Besides the fact that a memorial tribute is due to him, there may be something in a brief recital of his accomplishments, which shall stir into life the unrecognized abilities or the dormant aspirations of other Utah boys.

Lorenzo Maeser, son of Apostle Franklin D. and Sister Jane S. Richards, was born at Salt Lake City, July 5th, 1857.

Here was spent his lovable childhood;

here, in his brother Franklin's school, he gained the rudimentary education which was destined to be the foundation of future intimate knowledge of men and business; here, in the long proselyting absences of his father, he formed habits of self denial and of generous help toward his mother and kin;

and here he made boyish associations which endured into the maturity of his life, and the memory of which will exist with those who knew his pleasant ways, long after the grosser things of later times shall have been forgotten.

At the age of eight years he became a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, through baptism and confirmation;

and when the proper time came in his early youth, he participated in the ordinances of the Lord's House, and was ordained an Elder of the Church, and joined a quorum of which he remained a useful and honored member until the close of his life.

In his twentieth year he was united in holy marriage with Mary M., daughter of Bishop George Dunford, of Salt Lake City.

Their union was blessed by the birth of three children—Lorenzo M., May Pearl, and Mark D.;

but only one, the second named, survives the author of its being.

With his father's family, Lorenzo removed to Ogden in May, 1869, when he was in his twelfth year.

On the first day of January, 1871, he entered the employ of the Ogden Branch of Zion's Co-operative Mercantile Institution, in the capacity of messenger boy.

He served in that store, successively, in the retail and wholesale departments, as salesman;

then took the invoice desk; and at nineteen years of age, he occupied the very responsible position of ordering clerk for the house.

His advancement proves his industry and trustworthiness.

But the assiduity with which he had applied himself to business during the six and a half years of service, was making inroads on his health; and in July, 1877, he resigned his position with Z. C. M. L, to engage in a home industry—the wholesale manufacture of vinegar for shipment.

He established steam works at Ogden and operated them successfully;

at one time alone, and afterward associated with Hon. Heber J. Grant.

To the latter he subsequently transferred his interest in the manufactory, while he engaged to represent insurance companies and to operate a loan agency in the city of his adoption.

In 1879, he was appointed to the office of county clerk of Weber County; and in 18S0 he was elected to that position—a place which he honorably occupied until October, 1883, when he was succeeded by his brother Charles.

During this time he became one of the prominent incorporators of the Ogden Water Company.

At the opening of the year 1882, under the endorsement of proper authority, the wholesale dry sroods house of Richards Brothers was

EDITORIAL.

opened at Ogden, with Lorenzo as manager.

The business of the firm was prosecuted with characteristic vigor, and gave indications of soon ranking with leading mercantile institutions, when its ruling spirit was stricken.

In March, 1882, he became affected by rheumatism later pronounced to be sciatica by the physicians; and from this affliction he afterward suffered very seriously.

On the fourth of July, 1883, he was just recovering from a painful attack.

While out driving on that day he sustained a fracture of the right thigh bone;

and through a fatal misfortune, the real character of the injury was not discovered until nearly seven weeks had elapsed.

He was brought to Salt Lake for surgical treatment, and here the fractured bone was replaced after forty-seven days of agony.

But the original injury, assisted by inappropriate treatment, had superinduced aneurism of the circumflex artery; and from this arose a complication of troubles, the principal one being the entire obliteration of the femoral vein.

He was nursed and treated with remarkable attention and love;

his wife ana!

his parents and brothers and sisters were with him constantly; while his cousin, Dr. Joseph S. Richards, and other assisting surgeons—who undertook his case after his arrival at Salt Lake—were tireless.

But the best methods of surgery and nursing were exhausted, and the patient was failing unto death; when faith and ministrations won him back to partial strength time and again after human science and skill were useless.

On November 10th, in one of his periods of slight restoration, he was carried to his home in Ogden.

There he lingered on, with alternating hope and fear, until the morning of the twenty-first of December, 18S3, when, at one o'clock, he passed away.

The final sickness of Brother Lorenzo teaches a lesson of faith and resignation which is worthy of being perpetuated.

For nearly six months he was stretched out helpless; each day of the one hundred and seventy, suffering more than the pains of death.

His trust and courage were sublime.

He faltered or murmured not once.

Every word he spoke was uttered hopefully and cheerfully.

The healing power possessed by the Presidency, the Apostles and Elders, was manifested in his behalf to a marked extent.

More than a score of times, during that long battle, was the thickening night of death dispelled by the sun of righteous faith.

Prayer and ministration seemed to cut him loose from the bonds of his infirmity; and his life was prolonged for months, to the marvel of all who beheld him.

Finally the end came, but he met it with the same steadfastness which had characterized his life.

The breeze of divine restfulness swept gently across his wasted form; the quivering clay was forever calmed and the staunch spirit sought its other sphere.

The character of this departed man and brother was one which does not need to be sanctified to our remembrance by death.

In life he was loving and lovable to all the good who knew him. A type of his career is a single incident of his childhood:

He was always so thoughtful and kindly that his mother designated him as "her little gentleman."One day, aroused at what he deemed an act of injustice, he became impassioned, and in earnest anger beyond his years, he fiercely assailed the cause of his misfortune.

In wonder at such a demonstration his mother checked him and said:

"Rennie, you must never again while you live give way to such passion.

You alarm me.

You are so slow to wrath that I did not think you could be so violent.

If you should ever allow such a temper to control you, you might do yourself or some one else an irreparable wrong."From that day he was never known to yield to unbecoming rage.

It was not because of lack of strength or energy, that he became mild;

it was through the power of his will.

And while he was never betrayed into undue violence, he always met wrong with rebukeful dignity.

His personal life was pure and his business career unspotted.

He was as popular as he was well known.

Without changing hi°

ig6 EDITORIAL.

manner, without a sacrifice of frankness, he won all hearts and lifted his associates, in his presence, to the plane of his own friendly gentleness.

Though he did not court ecclesiastical responsibilities, he was always attentive to such requirements as were made of him.

Deeply imbued with our religion, he made it silently pervade his words and actions without giving it ostentation.

He was generous and brave.

He upheld the cause of the weak against the encroachments of the strong.

His benevolence was noted, but it had a hundred quiet channels unrealized by any but the recipients.

As a son he was affectionate and obedient; as a husband, loving and considerate; as a father, fond and protecting; as a brother and friend, loyal and kind;

and as a Latter-day Saint, faithful and just.

He had his faults and wayward tendencies, but they were being crushed into subjection by his will and his conscience.

The universal love with which he was regarded is the best index of his character.

We can well believe that a man so affectionately esteemed by the best among his fellow mortals, possessed qualities which, sanctified in immortality, will make him a dweller among the blest.

As a successful business man and a gentleman of intelligence and considerable information, Lorenzo was almost self-made.

He left school at the 'age of eleven; and two years later he began the practical battle of life.

From that time on, whatever he undertook he thoroughly mastered.

He had wonderful business talents, and he rapidly gained the technical knowledge to make them useful.

Experience gave him confidence.

Success in small ventures emboldened him for larger ones.

He had a great commercial ambition.

He desired to achieve wealth—not seeking riches first nor from any sordid or selfish motive; but as a means of greater usefulness.

With him such aspirations were hopeful and laudable.

The realizations of his brief life indicate that he seemed destined for success;

while his whole conduct shows that wealth and commercial distinction would never have been by him misapplied or abused.

He had an agreeable presence and remarkable shrewdness in conversation, which combined to assist him materially in frequent business trips to the commercial centers of the country.

The esteem and credit in which he was held at home and abroad, were not measured by his years nor the comparatively narrow sphere of his operations.

As an illustration:

In his loan agency he was handling'one hundred thousand dollars entrusted to him on his simple word.

The money belonged to men scattered from Utah to Texas, many of. whom he never saw.

In his affairs he was strict and self-reliant; but he was more conservative for others than himself.

As a business man he was keen and honest;

as a public officer, watchful and courteous;

and as a citizen, he was lawupholding, enterprising and benevolent.

We cannot look at the possible future of such a young manhood without feeling strong regret that he should have been cut short in his work.

Without calling into question the greater^wisdom of Providence, we can still contemplate such things with awakening advantage to ourselves.

Brother Lorenzo was twenty-six years of age when he was smitten.

In his limited sphere he had done so much: what might he not have accomplished if his life and its energetic labor had been rounded to the completion of years threescore and ten!

But in the Lord's dispensation of events, the tree was felled just as the fruit was forming from the blossoms of promise.

Do his life, his successes, his sufferings, his death, offer us a lesson worth learning?

They seem to say: "Be ardent, without intemperance;

be enterprising, without avarice;

in health and life be loyal to your people and your God;

in pain and death, be patient and brave."Into the sorrow of the near kindred, let us all enter with gentle tread.

Human woe is accessible to human sympathy.

The burdens of mortality can be shared and made lighter.

No solace can be more grateful to bereaved hearts

CO-OPERATION.

than loving, praising remembrances of the departed one.

Such balm the remaining family of Lorenzo M. Richards may take to their wounded spirits;

for their beloved dead, during his life, was too honest and gentle to have enemies, he was so full of generous manliness as to leave in all minds only pleasant thoughts.

Behind him remains the grandest memory—that of one who loved and served his fellow men.

Great souls are filled with love,

Great brows are calm;

Serene within their might, they soar above

The whirlpool and the storm.

CO-OPERATION, When the pioneers first reached Utah, they brought little but themselves;

their immediate successors were in a similar condition; a few seeds, a little stock and an occasional implement, was all that could be expected from wagons lightened of a few months provisions which every one required at the starting point.

The discovery of gold in California was one of those marvelous outcropings of special providence which have been far from uncommon in the history of the

Latter-day Saints.

Up to this time it had hardly been realized by the few colonists that they were "a thousand miles from anywhere,"in launching into the desert in search of peace and freedom from persecution;

it was quite a secondary thing that every mile found them farther from their "base of supplies;"fleeing in search of rest, nothing but the most sublime faith could have dared the future, and nothing but experience springing from such faith could have enabled human nature to triumph over a journey unmatched in history even by the exodus of Israel from the fertile fields of Goshen.

These fugitives from Pharaoh had flesh in the morning and their manna in the evening, while water fresh from the grizzly slopes of Horeb followed them many a weary mile, and the historian fails not to tell us that their food was always ample and their clothes waxed not old upon them neither did their shoes wear out, or was their feet swollen during forty years of travel.

But the Saints were cumbered with modern wants and when they faced the situation, crying unto the Lord, and the answer came from His servant that merchandise should be"sold in their embryo city, for less than eastern prices, both people and prophet were equally filled with misgivings as to the source of revelation on so improbable an event, verily there was hoping against hope, yet the sequel was even more astonishing than the prophecy itself;

for the eager gold seekers were so willing in their haste to the Eldorado that they abandoned much of their substance, and the prophecy was fulfilled.

In the economy of heaven there is, however, but little waste, and continued miracles never yet superseded the necessity of forethought, of labor and the exercise of the mental and spiritual faculties of man.

As the people were replenished by the continuous arrival of their co-religionists, so their industry, by the blessing of heaven, wrested from the desert more than answered present needs—all of which was easily disposed of to the increasing hosts of gold-seekers until coin was in abundance and a very drug in every home, until no man would shoe a horse, repair a wagon, or supply grain, nor would the housewife dispose of butter, eggs, chickens or do a needed washing for the sparkling current coin; anything or everything seemed more desirable than this;

sugar, domestic, nails, shoes, general supplies in the way of merchandise, were more than money, which had found a curious although but temporary dethronement.

But professional "merchants began to arrive in the growing city, their tempting wares drew in the plethoric ducats until the brass kettles were filled to

CO-OPERATION.

overflowing, and by the wagon load it went to eastern cities for increased supply of goods. Had those early importers or merchants as they were called, but covered their avarice by ordinary prudence it is not unlikely that they might have retained commercial supremacy to this day; but with Territorial organization came prospective pickings, and it was soon found that while the patronage of the "Mormons"was enriching these merchants, they sympathized with Federal appointees and luckless adventurers and used the very means which was being poured into their coffers to thwart the purposes of their customers and secure,- by legislation, contention in a far-off dependency of the nation.

Without entering into the minutiae of those times, it may suffice to say that in the interval there was growing up a number of small traders belonging to the people, who were advised in self defense to sustain those who were, in some sense at all events, identified with the majority, and really, as a consequence, interested in the maintenance of peace and the development of the country.

Those who were familiar with the potency of counsel given by President Young will realize the impetus which this gave to the business of "Mormon"traders; they blossomed into merchants, finally becoming importers, and so gathered the bulk of the local business into their own hands.

The episode of the Buchanan war had been rehearsed in Utah, money and merchandise had again become comparatively cheap, when the long hoped for vision of railroad communication seemed about to be realized. Government grant, political necessity, and a broad undercurrent of speculation set the work afoot;

its approach was heralded from both east and west, until with giant strides it decreased the area of separation at the rate of from two to four miles a day;

it was easy to see that the effects of its arrival would be revolutionary to this inland Territory.

Its promoters and the enemies of the people expected it to solve the "Mormon problem,"and there were many possibilities enshrouded in the then not distant future;

the people were increasing in numbers, their industry and thrift, and necessities, presented so many aspects of probable wealth to the speculator and adventurer that it is but little wonder so much was expected frorh the advent of the "iron horse."While this grand triumph of enterprise could be a blessing to Utah, it could also possibly be an evil;

its utilization would be the sending of "swift 'messengers"to the nations, the gathering of Israel, and the cheapening of merchandise, yet the query remained as to who should hold the commercial and financial supremacy of a resurrected host from the lately "scattered and peeled people."Remember the character of the community; the Gospel had not gathered the financial and commercial element of mankind;

the poor, the laborer, the uneducated, so to speak, were the Israel of the mountains.

Facilities of importation, thrifty settlements, a community with many wants, would have been tempting to men of business aptitude almost anywhere, but as these are usually an overdone class, they would have been to Utah like the locusts of Egypt, and the unsophisticated, unsuspecting yet hopeful Saints would have become indebted to these intruders (and judging from the past, probably enemies) until all. the possessions of the masses might have been jeopardized by the facilities for an extension of credit.

To the leader of the people it seemed indeed as if the "Mormon"merchants had taken advantage of their opportunities:

had those foreseen the issues, probably the prospective contest might have been averted, but they had fallen undesignedly may be, into the business ruts of their predecessors, and sharp competition had as then not obtained a foothold in mercantile circles.

However, on the part of the late President Young, to see was to act—for self defense, for the good of the masses, for the securing of the financial supremacy, he evoked the power of that co-operative idea which had been so prolific of good results to the Church and people over whom he presided, proved to be

CO-OPERATION.

potent in the preaching of the word, in the gathering of the poor, in the colonization of the desert, in the making of ditches and canals, in the building of schoolhouses and meeting houses; why not apply it in other directions?

Ah, why not? A council was assembled, and while the risk, for lack of materials, was great; yet the necessities and opportunities were great also; a committee was appointed to prepare a "constitution and by-laws,"who reported their success on paper, and waited for counsel to make the paper institution a permanent fact.

The masses at the time, were "flush"of money, and a presentation of the President's wish would have drawn what was needed, but no insignificant store-keeping was in that master mind

He had conceived the idea of one grand central importing house;

buying for a community at first hands, freighting at special rates, distributing through local auxiliary organizations at a minimum profit, to their owners, the people, and finally, by this self-sufficient power, so manipulating accumulating means and regulating importation, as to make this grand conception in practical results, the stepping-stone to the industrial independence of the people he loved. There was a breadth and grandeur about this, that its prejector, probably, hardly comprehended;

it was a giant's thought, an inspirational one no doubt, and because of this hampered by those subtle influences in its development and history, which have ever been inseparable from the projects of the servants of God.

Interviewing the "Mormon"merchants, it was easy to discover that only as "Mormons"were they willing to sell out their own business, or become appreciable investors in even so grand a scheme; yet compliance was among the inevitable, and thus originated the now famous Z. C. M.

I., the most powerful lever for good in a commercial sense which can be found in the United States.

Its credit is beyond criticism in business circles;

it arrests the attention, by its magnitude, of the stranger and the tourist;

its power has been felt among the highest of the nation; but its beneficial spirit is most abundantly felt at home.

It has never been speculative in its character; but it has given to the people in exchange for their money or produce, all that they could reasonably expect.

It stands as a breakwater between extortion and necessity;

yet without the element of competition;

it has never taken advantage of conditions, or in scarcity made a corner in goods;

saving millions to the masses since its incorporation, and with all its faults, yet looked upon as the friend of the people, and a blessing to the

Territory by bringing into the closest proximity the producer and consumer of manufactured goods.

Some have doubted as to whether this institution was entitled to the patronage of the people, it has been considered as simply a firm among firms, yet if the above outline is short and clear, it is more than this;

it was established by that authority which is everywhere recognized by the Saints; it was accepted by the people in general and special conferences assembled;

it was and still is officered by the leading men of Israel.

President Young, for many years, was its president; President Taylor is now its president; several of the Twelve are among its directors; the balance are members of the Church, including men of acknowledged financial ability and commercial standing, whose ability and experience have been pressed into service for understood ends;

it is called Zion's Co-operative Mercantile

Institution;

its escutcheon and sign is "Holiness to the Lord;"it belongs to the Latter-day Saints;

it is their institution;

all its stockholders are connected with the Church;

itself being the largest, and representing the people through their Trustee-in-Trust, at the same time all its profits and employees are subject to tithing, and so benefits the whole;

this being the case then, the Saints are under moral and spiritual obligation and covenant to sustain it,'to give it preference, and by investing in it as stockholders, to give it greater eclat and influence than its past history has shown.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Were this universal, were its primitive spirit extended, were it more fully understood, were all its local auxiliaries in harmony with it, carrying out its principles, many of the ills of our condition as a common community would be "healed by the first intention;"but the recapitulation of these advantages must be deferred to the readers of the Contributor until a future issue.

It may, however, be suggested that all the population who are called or expected to be Latter-day Saints are interested in the issues growing out of the enlarged and enlarging principle of co-operation.

H.

IV. Naisbitt.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE—SANPETE.

The quarterly Conference of the Y. M.

M.

I. Associations of Sanpete Stake of

Zion was held at Ephraim, Saturday, January 19, 1884.

Present on the stand:

Of Stake officers, Supt.

J.

F. Allred and Counselor Samuel Allred; Stake

Presidency, Canute Peterson and Henry Beal;

and officers of the several Associations.

10 a. m.

Meeting called to order by Supt.

J.

F.

Allred.

After singing and prayer, the time was occupied by the presidents of Associations giving their reports.

2 p. m.

Remarks were made by Supt.

J. F. Allred on the practical labors of the

Associations.

Elder Royal B. Young, of Salt Lake City, spoke very forcibly on the Word of

Wisdom.

Prest. Canute Peterson addressed the meeting, giving the young much good and fatherly advice, showing in a comprehensive manner the results of evil habits and the advantages of living pure and noble lives.

General and local officers sustained.

Benediction by Prest. H. Beal.

J.

C.

ChrisHa?ison, Secretary.

SUMMIT.

The Quarterly Conference of the Y.

M. M.

I. Associations of Summit Stake of Zion was held in Coalville meetinghouse, Sunday, January 6th, 1884.

2 p.m.

Present on the stand: Of the General Superintendency, Joseph F.

Smith and Junius F. Wells;

the Stake Superintendency, Stake Presidency and officers of Ward Associations.

Prayer by Counselor George Beard.

Brief reports by the representatives cf the Associations of the Peoa, Rockport,

Wanship, Hoytsville, Coalville, Spring Hollow and Kamas Wards were given.

Elder Junius F.

Wells occupied the remainder of the afternoon in addressing the Conference.

Spoke of the opportunities these organizations afforded the young of Zion to qualify themselves for future usefulness; and upon interesting topics to the young men. Referred to the missionary labors between the Associations as being productive of great good- 7.30 p. m.

After the opening exercises, the general and Stake authorities of the

Y. M. M.

I. Associations were presented and unanimously sustained.

Supt. Ward E. Pack said: As far as he had been able to ascertain, a lively interest is being manifested in mutual improvement in Summit Stake.

Prest. Joseph F. Smith said: We have a greater field of labor at home than abroad.

That first of all it is our duty to save ourselves, that it will not do to follow the so-called Christian custom of sending missionaries abroad and carelessly overlooking the field at home.

The object of our Associations is to bring our young people to a knowledge of the Lord and His work in the last days.

He said that mothers can do more towards forwarding the Gospel by teaching their children correct doctrine and the principles of truth than all the preachers in Israel.

Spoke at length in an edifying and instructive manner.

Conference adjourned until the last Sunday in March, at 10 o'clock a.m.

Benediction by Prest. W. W. Cluff.

E. H. Rhead, Secretary.

B. H. GODDARD.

JUNIUS F. WELLS.

H. J. GRANT.

Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

<XHE £E8cr 18 JlL&jlYB GHZ OHEjKPEBQ:.

Office: Hooper cSc!^d.red.gre Bloclc, Salt Xjalse Oit37\

EMPIRE.

EMPIRE.

JENNINGS BROTHERS rvAr!

M'r *» WAwm fumm Everything in Our Line FIRST CLASS.

FRESH AND CURED MEATS IN SEASON.

EMPIRE.

First Sonth St, cor Commercial.

EMPIRE.

H. W. SPENCER.

J'. R. EVANS.

WALKER OPEEA HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1019.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN

CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY,

Canes, Field a?id Opera Glasses, Notions, Etc.

Biff© Clubs suppifed wiitfa Garapie-t© Outfits at Riaasanabi© PpKees.

M.

E. CUMMINGS n 50 MAIN STREET, PARLOK, COOKING, HEATING, OFFICE and BEDKOOM STOVES,

JLND MWEMYTHING TO WUMNISM A KITCM1SN.

ESTABLISHED 1874.

PIEST CLASS SUITS Made to Order.

PERFECT PIT GUARANTEED All Correspondence to U. 0. jpiIWH?

Constitution Building.

rAT\Jk^ V ^>W * East Temple Street 6\ "We Carry JET-ull Lines of FRENCH, ENGLISH, SCOTCH and IDOTUCESTXC GOOIDS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

GENERAL MERCHANDISE, WHOLESALE and RETAILDealers in PRODUCE AND DRIED FRUITS.

HIGHEST MARKET PRICES PAID FOR FARM PRODUCTS.

Special Attention given to Orders by Mail.

Co ^3 >1 f to Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The floorage surface is twenty acres.

The Worka are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work "would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

0.

L. ELIASON, 162 Main Street, S.

SPECTACLES AND EyeGlasses.

SILVER J i&i u h.k£X I PLATED C3

UNION SCHOOL FURNITURE

CO., Sole Manufacturers of the Celebrated AWT J@MATM J $@W@@M BEAT I A great Improvement over all other Styles.

DURABLE, CONVENIENT, COMFORTABLE.

In use in the leading Schools of the Country.

Already introduced at Nephi and 15th Wa? d, Salt Lake City.

Teachers'Desks, Recitation Desks, Hall Seats, Opera Chairs,

Maps, Globes, real Slate and Slating for Blackboards, Reading

Charts, Physiological Charts, Window Shades, Teachers'Registers, District

Blanks, and everything needed for Schools.

Office Desks, in various Styles of superior Workmanship.

Send for full Dascriptive Catalogue, containing Elaborate Plans and Specifications for School

Houses.

Address, O. H. RIGCS, General Agent* BOX S27, SALT LAKE CITY.

I^'S'"Try it and you will buy no other.

YOUNG BROTHERS, Two Doors South of Z, C.

M.

I., Salt Lake City.

Goinsro- r^TIME SOUTH.

CARD.^2-i aoinsra istorth.

STATIONS.

Atlaitic Pacific Park City Mail and Express.

Express.

Express.

Express.

7.00a.m.

8.30a.m 10.30a.m.

5.15p.m 7.45 9.05 11.10 5.5'» 7.58 9.18 11.24 6.08 8.12 a.id 11 41 6.26 8.30 9 50 12.00 m.

6.45 7.00am 3 0"ipm.

7.18 3.23 7.^6 3.31 » a 7.3'i 3.41 & M 7.4fi 3.51 8.14 4.19 £ 8.19 "4.24 2% 8.27.

4.32 "8.S6 4.41 9.00 5 05 H£& 9.12 5.17 C 0) x 9.24 5 29 w £ 9 42 5.47 9 55 6.00 10.42 6.47 A <d 11.15 "7.45 Ar.JuAB 11.50 k5> 6 30a.m.

8.30 STATIONS.

Pacific Express.

Atlantic Erpress.

Park City Express.

Mail and Ogien, Depart Kaysville Farmington...

Woods Cross..

Salt Lake, Ar Salt Lake, Dp Fran^clvn..

...

Lovendahls...

Sandy Draper Lehi Junction.

Lehi American For PleasantGrove Provo Springville....

Spanish Fork..

Payson Santaquin Nepal Juab Deseret Milford Frisco, Arrive Frisco, Depart Milford..........

Deseret Juab Nephi Santaquin Payson Spanish Fork.

Springville...

Provo PleasantGrove AmericsnFork Lehi Lehi Junction.

Draper Sandy Loveniahls...

Francklyn....

Salt Lake, Ar 4.00p.m.

6.10 11.45 4.45a.m.

5.19 6.05 6.19 6.3it 6.52 7.^8 7.52 8.00 8.09 8.14 8.-14 8.54 9.04 9.12 9 30 1.40p.m 2 14 3.00 3.14 3.34 3.47 4.00 4.24 4.32 4.41 4.46 5.14 5 24 5.31 5.42 6.00 Salt Lake, Dp.

Woods Cross...

Farmington...

Eaysville Ogden, Arrive 6.10a m.

7.i0a.m 6.29 7.18 6.46 7.32 7.00 7.45 7.40 8.20 8 OOp.m 3.18 3.34 3.47 4.2"- 7.30p.m, 7.49 8.06 8.20 9.0 » JOHN SHARP, Genl. Supt.

JAMES SHARP, Asst. Genl. Supt.

FRANCIS COPE, Geni.

F. & P. Agt.

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE RAILWAY.

^3=io:tvr. THE SOUTH.

PEOM THE nsrORTH.

AccomodaPacific Springville Atlantic Springville tion Train.

Express.

Accom'd'n.

Express.

Accom'd'n.

5.47 a.m.

5.52 7.47 9.22 10.02 10.57 «« HOOPER 8.42 a.m.

8.57 9.20 9.29 9.43 «'10.05 $.47 p.m SCHOFIELD 3.02 P. V. JUNCTION 12.51 a.r 1.50 2.49 « KAYSVILLE 3.16 CLEAR CREEK FARMINGTON.

WOODS CROSS Arrive SALT LAZE CITY 3.36 MILL FORK...

3.52 THISTLE.

4.1 «« SPANISH FORK.

11.52 •» 3 22 SPRINGVILLE.

12.43 pm.

,.32 3.36 « 3.50 6.57 a.m.

7.12 Passenger Trains Leave and 9.20 a. m.

'or points North at 5.58 a.

in BATTLE CREEK...

2.13 4.12 «'7.S4 AMEEICAN FORE..

2.28 '« 4.21 7.43 lehi;

2.43 "4.29 7.51 DRAPER 4.02 5.07 8-29 BINGHAM JUNC'N..

4.58 '« 5.22 « 8.-14 GERMANIA 5.29 « '8.51 8.54 Arrive SALT LAKE'"'CIT7 6.02 5.48 « 9.10 Passenger Trains Leave Salt Lake for points sou h of Springville at 10.20 a.m.

Springville Train Leaves at 4.32 p.m.

I>. C. DODGE, Gen'l Manager, F. C. NIM*, Gen'l T'k't Agt., XJE^TTTEie, col.

W. H. BANCROFT, Gen'l *upt, E. A.MUDGETT, Gen'l Agt. Pass. Dept.,

SilLT LAK£ CITT the s^.isrx_^u ie^iei boutb, From to 12 HOURS "the Missouri t'.lver. via tlie Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

ZDZEISTVIEilR, & BIO G-B-AJSTOE IR, 5"Y\ Elegant Pullman Sleeping Cars and Day Coaches.

Best Ra Iroad Dining Hails.

P. J. FETNPT, W. F. WHITE, Gen. Agt., Salt Lake €ity.

Gen. Pass. & T'fc'fAgt.,Topeka, Kan.

S. V. DERRAH, Traveling Agent.