YrsL.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

VOL. V.

J.JUNE, 1684.

No 9.

©r?e.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAX.TO LAKe CXTTY, WIl**.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1884.

PAGE History of the Book of Mormon The Translation of the Plates... George Reynolds

A Historical Building \G.

C. Lambert Apostasy y.

L. Robison The Canadian Northwest yames H. Ward The Great Tidal Wave.

H H. X.tisbitt Kraaling V\ ild Elephant.* The Republic Legend of Montrose.

I //. L. A. Calmer The Craniologist's Paradise Phrenological yournal.

"Wade Out and Swim Back."Editorial:

Logan Temple "Stage Struck. "/ago f lb eeiEHf #© XT 9> *%£$££*} MAIN STREET, S.

j Si'v£™*t*a ORDER VOLUME Fl BOUND.

The reserve issue of 500 copies will be bound by September 15th.

Orders for over half the issue have been received.

It will be a valuable volume* containing the

Steel Engraving "The Three Witnesses'9 and a splendid variety of reading matter.

PRICE OF THE VOLUME.

$2.50.

POSTAGE SO CENTS.

Address Contributor Office.

H. W. SPENCER.

M. R. EVANS.

WALKER OPERA HOUSE, SALT LAKE OUT.

P.

0. Box 1019.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN, nunmnititioit, CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY,

Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Motions, Etc.

Blfle Glluiba awppllted) mlth Campiete Quitflta at ReaaoraabJe PpJcea.

STUDEBA 3K. E;

^3 >1 Co Co Ouf Carriage Works are one mile distant from our 'Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The floorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty-eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work -would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, CS^=/7b. 1887 First South Street W WfflEYS: it Sc©8J% 2p2r<0j>r4**<0ri**

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ f^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS

Jill Orders erhtr\bsted to our Qa.re promptly (Delivered.

THE HUT WALKING 1HD SOLDI PLOWS The J.

I. CASE Plow Co.'s Sulky and Walking Plows Planet Jr.Farm 8f Garden Implements.

J. I. Case Threshing Hay Presses, Cider and MachineCompany's^—:

i^^^ Cane Mills, EvapThreshers and ^^^^^ ^~"^^.

orators, Steel Horse Powers, y^^.

m.

^nS.

Barb Fence saw Mills )f Harrows and Cultivators, ^v wire, and Jy Engines. y/W v'^ed *5£?PSW Twine Binders,«£ pers acd Movers, Droppers and w»

Boss Sickle o rinders, Coates Lock Lever Hay Rakes, THE Ok^.LE mit mm m mm combined.

^<^"Scrapers, Tents, Harness, Grading Plows.

Hard-wood Lumber.

THOMAS I HOLLMSWQRTH RAKES, I CONTRACT ORS'SUPPUES.etc.

Including the Celebrated -A.G-IT-A.TOIBI Also their Headers, Send for Price List to JOHN W. LOWELL COMPANY, SALT LAKE AND OGDEN, UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY

and OCDEN, UTAH, GENERAL agent fob Schuttler Farm and Freight Wagons

And Dealer In Open Buggies, Top Bueaies and Phsetons, Spring

Wagons and Road Carts.

A Large Assortment which will be COLD AT VEEI LOW PEICES.

HEADQUARTERS WOR AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Of all kinds, and having the Latest Improvements, among which are the following novelties:

The Foust Bay Loadar, The Champion Hay Richer and Mower, Horse Hay Forks ani Carrier:, And the Celebrated Centrifugal Irrigating

Pump, Buckeye Reapers and Mowers,

Sweepstakes and Minuesota Chief

Threshers, Barbed Fence Wire, Dederick Hay Presses and Hoisting Engines.

Steam Engines, Saw Mills, Flour

Mills, Wood Working Machinery of all kinds, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Knowles Pumps.

Call and See them, or Write for Illustrated Circulars.

F. AUERBACH & BRO.

Great Clearance Sale.

Must Go Regardless of Cost.

We are offering POSITIVE BARGAINS in Silks, French and American Dress Goods, White

Goods, Flannels, Ladies'Cloths, Ladies'and Children's Ho>e, Gloves,

Fans, Laces and Embroideries, MILLINERY GOODS OF EVEEY KIND.

Ladies'Underwear, Corsets, Porasols, Neckwear, Shoes, Slippers, Etc.

A Few Ladies'Winter Wraps and White and Colored Blankets, at Prices to pay yon for anticipating the Season.

WHOLESALE BUYERS will find many Real Jobs in our Immense Stock.

WE ARE 1HEVER UtfDEKSOIil*.

Established 1864.

Mail Orders Promptly Filled.

F. AUERBACH & BRO.

HOWARD SEBEEE

CO.

ALL SIZES, WITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.

BEAPERS, MQWEBS, and C2RD BIHBERS.

Cbampion Front Cut Miwer, Only Two Cog Wkeels, Lightest Draft, Strongest, and BEST frRONT CU1 MOWER MADE.

CHAMPION CORD BINDER, as light in Weight and draft as an ordinary Self-Raker, very simple in coustruotion, auii guaranteed to do perfect work.

OLIVER CHILLED AND MOLINE STEEL PLOWS,

Harrows, Cultivators, Single and Double Shovel Plows,

Etc.

Lightest Draft, Strongest and Best Working Sulky Plow made.

Can be used as an old ground plow, or guaranteed to work well in the heaviest sage brush.

mm sulky pious, TIGER SELF-DUMP H^lY EAKE, The only perfect Self-Dump Hay Rake made.

Triumph Improved Grain Drills and Broadcast Seeders, force?

feed< Can be adjusted to Sow Wheat, Oats, Flax, Lucerne, etc.

Porter Iron Roofing, FIRE and LIGHTNING PROOF.

Cheapest and Best Rooting- made.

Hardwood Wagon Material, The Largest and Most Complete Stock ever in the Territory. Hardwood Plank ofall sizes

We have our Season's Supply on hand.

All received under Cut Rates of freight.

Central House, Salt Lake City, Utah.

BEWITCH ECO-CTSES:

OODEX, UTAH; SHOSHONE and CALDWELL, LDAHO.

TjTffjasi kMW&s»^ otS 'ESTABLISHED 1874.

PIKST CLASS STTII Made to Order.

PERFECT EIT GUARANTEED.

All Correspondence to u. 0. wiiii0i^ HERALD BUILDING.

WEST TEMPIiE STREET.

"We Carry ITx-ill Lines o± FRENCH, ENGLISH, SCOTCH and DOMESTIC GOCXDS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. V.

JUNE, 1884.

No.

9.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON,

THE TRANSLATION OF THE PLATES.

Among the instructions given to Joseph by the angel Moroni, during the interview at the Hill Cumorah, related in our last chapter, was that he should meet him at the same place precisely one year from that time, and that he was to continue to repeat this visit every year until the proper time came for him to obtain the plates.

Joseph states: "Accordingly as I had been commanded, I went at the end of each year, and at each time I found the same messenger there, and received instruction and intelligence from him at each of our interviews respecting what the Lord was going to do, and how and in what manner His kingdom was to be conducted in the last days.

"At length the time arrived for obtaining the plates, the Urim and Thummim, and the Breastplate.

On the twentysecond day of September, 1827, having gone, as usual, at the end of another year, to the place where they were deposited, the same heavenly messenger delivered them up to me with this charge, that I should be responsible for them;

that if I should let them go carelessly or through any neglect of mine, I should be cut off; but that if I would use all my endeavors to preserve them, until he, the messenger, should call for them, they should be protected."When Joseph obtained the plates, it does not appear that he took them at once to his father's house.

His mother states, "The plates were secreted about three miles from home, in the following manner:

Finding an old birch log much decayed, excepting the bark, which was in a measure sound, he took his pocketknife and cut the bark with some care, then turned it back, and made a hole of sufficient size to receive the plates, and laying them in the cavity thus formed, he replaced the bark;

after which, he laid across the log, in several places, some old stuff that happened to lay near, in order to conceal, as much as possible, the place in which they were deposited."Joseph further writes:

"I soon found out the reason why I had received such strict charges to keep them safe, and why it was that the messenger had said, that when I had done what was required at my hand, he would call for them;

for no sooner was it known that I had them, than the most strenuous exertions were used to get them from me; every strategem that could be invented was resorted to for that purpose;

the persecution became more bitter and severe than before, and multitudes were on the alert continually to get them from me if possible; but by the wisdom of God they remained safe in my hands, until I had accomplished by them what was required at my hand; when, according to arrangements, the messenger called for them, I delivered them up to him, and he has them in his charge until this day, being the second day of May, 183S."In another place he says:

"As soon as the news of this discovery [of the plates] was made known, false reports, misrepresentations and slander flew, as on the wings of the wind, in every direction;

the house was frequently beset

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

by mobs and evil designing persons.

Several times was shot at, and very narrowly escaped, and every device was made use of to get the plates away from me, but the power and blessing of God attended me, and several began to believe my testimony."The persecution commenced within a day or two after he had obtained the plates.

Absurd, as it may appear, a conjuror, or wizard, was consulted by some of Joseph's unfriendly neighbors in the endeavor to obtain the plates from him; and this personage felt quite positive that he would be successful.

The Prophet discovering how matters were shaping, removed the plates from their place of concealment in the woods, and took them home.

On his way thither, encumbered with the plates, which were of considerable weight, he was twice attacked (some accounts say three times) by persons who sought to take his life.

It was under these circumstances that his remarkable agility and unusual strength did him good service;

for notwithstanding the weight he carried, he arrived safe at his father's house, bringing his treasure with him.

He then placed the plates in a chest provided by his brother Hyrum.

In order to be as near as possible to the sacred things committed to his care, Joseph re-commenced to work with his father and brothers on the family farm.

Among those with whom the Smith family were acquainted, was a kind hearted though somewhat eccentric farmer, named Martin Harris.

He had been told some little of the heavenly manifestations that Joseph had received, and when the young Prophet received the plates he was anxious to be his friend and help him to accomplish the work of translation.

Mr.

Harris'wife also claimed to be friendly, but she is represented to have been a woman of such peculiar temperament that her friendship was rather to be avoided than desired.

One day she was on the best of terms with the Smiths, the next, would be altogether the other way, and in such moods would express in strong terms her disbelief in Joseph's story, particularly as he would not satisfy her curiosity by showing her the sacred things he had exhumed from Cumorah;

for, as he told her, he was only permitted to show them to those whom God directed.

While in one of these peculiar conditions of mind, Mrs. Harris had, according to her own statement, the following dream:

"She said that a personage appeared to her, who told her that as she had disputed the servant of the Lord, and said his word was not to be believed, and had also asked him many improper questions, she had done that which was not right in the sight of God.

After which, he said to her, 'Behold, here are the plates, look upon them and believe.'"Notwithstanding this manifestation, if it be true she did thus dream, she grew worse rather than better in her opposition to Joseph.

The history of this period of the Prophet's life cannot be better told than in his own words.

He relates:

"The excitement, however,.still continued, and rumor with her thousand tongues was all the time employed in circulating tales about my father's family, and about myself.

If I were to relate a thousandth part of them, it would fill up volumes.

The persecution, however, became so intolerable that I was under the necessity of leaving Manchester, and going with my wife to Susquehannah County, in the State of Pennsylvania:

while preparing to start (being very poor and the persecution so heavy upon us, that there was no probability that we would ever be otherwise), in the midst of our afflictions we found a friend in a gentleman by the name of Martin Harris, who came to us and gave me fifty dollars to assist us in our afflictions.

Mr.

Harris was a resident of Palmyra Township, Wayne County, in the

State of New York, and a farmer of respectability.

By this timely aid was I enabled to reach the place of my destination in

Pennsylvania, and immediately after my arrival there, I commenced copying the characters of the plates.

I copied a considerable number of them, and by means of the Urim and Thummim I translated some of them, which I did

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

between the time I arrived at the house of my wife's father in the month of December, and the February following.

Some time in this month of February, the aforementioned Mr.

Martin Harris came to our place, got the characters which I had drawn off the plates, and started with them to the city of New York.

For what took place relative to him and the characters, I refer to his own account of the circumstances as he related them to me after his return, which was as follows:

'I went to the city of New York, and presented the characters which had been translated, with the translation thereof, to Professor Anthon, a gentleman celebrated for his literary attainments.

Professor Anthon stated that the translation was correct, more so than any he had before seen translated from the Egyptian.

I then showed him those which were not yet translated, and he said that they were Egyptian, Chaldaic, Assyriac, and Arabic, and he said that they were the true characters. He gave me a certificate, certifying to the people of Palmyra that they were true characters, and that the translation of such of them as had been translated was also correct.

I took the certificate and put it into my pocket, and was just leaving the house, when Mr. Anthon called me back, and asked me how the young man found out that there were gold plates in the place where he found them.

I answered that an angel of God had revealed it unto him.

"'He then said to me, let me see that certificate.

1 accordingly took it out of my pocket and gave it to him, when he took it and tore it to pieces, saying that there was no such thing now as ministering of angels, and that if I would bring the plates to him, he would translate them.

1 informed him that part of the plates were sealed, and that I was forbidden to bring them, he replied, '1 cannot read a sealed book.'left him and went to Dr.

Mitchell, who sanctioned what Professor Anthon had said respecting both the characters and the translation.'Mr. Harris having returned from this tour, he left me and went home to Palmyra, arranged his affairs and returned again to my house about the twelfth of

April, 1S2S, and commenced writing for me while I translated from the plates, which we continued until the fourteenth of June following, by which time he had written one hundred and sixteen pages of manuscript on foolscap paper. Some time after Mr.

Harris had begun to write for me, he began to tease me to give him liberty to carry the writings home and show them;

and desired of me that I would inquire of the Lord, through the Urim and Thummim, if he might not do so.

I did inquire, and the answer was that he must not.

However he was not satisfied with this answer, and desired that I should inquire again.

did so, and the'answer was as before.

Still he could not be contented, but insisted that I should inquire once more.

After much solicitation I again inquired of the Lord, and permission was granted him to have the writings on certain conditions, which were that he show them only to his brother, Preserved Harris, his own wife, his father and mother, and a Mrs. Cobb, a sister to his wife.

In accordance with this last answer, I required of him that he should bind himself in a covenant to me in the most solemn manner, that he would not do otherwise than had been directed.

He did so; he bound himself as I required of him, took the writings and went his way.

Notwithstanding, however, the great restrictions which he had been laid under, and the solemnity of the covenant which he had made with me, he did show them to others, and by strategem they got them away from him, and they never have been recovered nor obtained back again unto this day.

In the meantime, while Martin Harris was gone with the writings, I went to visit my father's family, at Manchester.

I continued there for a short season, and then returned to my place in Pennsylvania.

Immediately after my return home,

I was walking out a little distance, when, behold, the former heavenly messenger appeared and handed to me the Urim and Thummim again (for it had been

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

taken from me in consequence of my having wearied the Lord in asking the privilege of letting Martin Harris take the writings which he lost by transgression), and I inquired of the Lord through them, and obtained the following revelation:

Revelation to Joseph Smith, fun., given July, 1S2S, concerning- certain manuscripts on the first part of the Book of

Mormon, which had been taken from the possession of Martin Harris.

1.

The works, and the designs, and the purposes of God cannot be frustrated, neither can they come to nought, for God doth not walk in crooked paths; neither doth He turn to the right hand nor to the left;

neither doth He vary from that which He hath said;

therefore His paths are strait and His course is one eternal round.

2.

Remember, remember, that it is not the work of God that is frustrated, but the work of men; for although a man may have many revelations, and have power to do many mighty works, yet, if he boasts in his own strength, and sets at nought the counsels of God, and follows after the dictates of his own will and carnal desires, he must fall and incur the vengeance of a just God upon him.

3.

Behold, you have been intrusted with these things, but how strict were your commandments;

and remember, also, the promises which were made to you, if you did not transgress them; and behold, how oft you have transgressed the commandments and the laws of God, and have gone on in the persuasions of men;

for behold, you should not have feared man more than God, although men set at nought the counsels of God, and despise His words, yet you should have been faithful, and He would have extended his arm, and supported you against all the fiery darts of the adversary, and He would have been with you in every time of trouble.

4.

Behold thou art Joseph, and thou wast chosen to do the work of the Lord, but because of transgression, if thou art not aware thou wilt fall; but remember,

God is merciful, therefore repent of that which thou hast done, which is contrary to the commandment which I gave you, and thou art still chosen, and art again called to the work; except thou do this, thou shalt be delivered up and become as other men, and have no more gift.

5.

And when thou deliveredst up that which God had given thee sight and power to translate, thou deliveredst up that which was sacred into the hands of a wicked man, who has set at nought the counsels of God, and has broken the most sacred promises which were made before God, and has depended upon his own judgment and boasted in his own wisdom; and this is the reason that thou hast lost thy privileges for a season, for thou hast suffered the counsel of thy director to be trampled upon from the beginning.

6.

Nevertheless, my work shall go forth, for inasmuch as the knowledge ol a Savior has come unto the world, through the testimony of the Jews, even so shall the knowledge of a Savior come unto my people, and to the Nephites, and the Jacobites, and the Josephites, and the Zoramites, through the testimony of their fathers; and this testimony shall come to the knowledge of the Lamanites, and the Lemuelites, and the Ishmaelites, who dwindled in unbelief because. of the iniquity of their fathers, whom the Lord has suffered to destroy their brethren, the Nephites, because of their iniquities and their abominations; and for this very purpose are these plates preserved which contain these records, that the promises of the Lord might be fulfilled, which he made to His people; and that the Lamanites might come to the knowledge of their fathers, and that they might know the promises of the Lord; and that they may believe the Gospel, and rely upon the merits of Jesus Christ, and be glorified through faith in His name, and that through their repentance they might be saved.

Amen.

After I had obtained the above revelation, both the plates and the Urim and Thummim were taken from me again;

but in a few days they were returned to me, when I inquired of the Lord, and the

Lord said thus unto me:

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Revelation given to Joseph Smith, Jan., Mar, ]$2i), informing him of the alteration of the manuscript of the fore part of the Bool- of Mormon.

1.

Now, behold, I say unto you, that because you delivered up those writings, which you had power given unto you to translate by the means of the Urim and

Thummim, into the hands of a wicked man, you have lost them, and you also lost your gift at the same time, and your mind became darkened; nevertheless, it is now restored unto you again; therefore see that you are faithful and continue on unto the finishing of the remainder of the work of translation as you have begun.

Do not run faster or labor more than you have strength and means provided to enable you to translate, but be diligent unto the end.

Pray always that you may come off conqueror;

yea, that you may conquer Satan, and that you may escape the hands of the servants of Satan that do uphold his work.

Behold, they have sought to destroy you;

yea, even the man in whom you have trusted has sought to destroy you.

And for this cause I said that he is a wicked man, for he has sought to take away the things wherewith you have been entrusted, and he has also sought to destroy your gift;

and because you have delivered the writings into his hands, behold, wicked men have taken them from you; therefore you have delivered them up, yea, that which was sacred unto wickedness.

And, behold, Satan has put it into their hearts to alter the words which you have caused to be written, or which you have translated, which have gone out of your hands; and, behold, I say unto you, that because they have altered the words, they read contrary from that which you translated and caused to be written, and on this wise the devil has sought to lay a cunning plan that he may destroy this work; for he hath put it into their hearts to do this, that by lying they may say they have caught you in the words which you have pretended to translate.

2.

Verily I say unto you, that I will not suffer that Satan shall accomplish his evil design in this thing;

for, behold, he has put it into their hearts to get thee to tempt the Lord thy God in asking to translate it over again;

and then, behold, they say and think in their hearts we will see if God has given him power to translate, if so, he will also give him power again;

and if God giveth him power again, or if he translate again, or in other words, if he bringeth forth the same words, behold, we have the same with us and we have altered them, therefore they will not agree, and we will say that he has lied in his words, and that he has 00 gift and that he has no power;

therefore we will destroy him and also the work, and we will do this that we may not be ashamed in the end, and that we may get glory of the world.

3.

Verily, verily, I say unto you, that Satan has great hold upon their hearts;

he stirreth them up to iniquity against that which is good, and their hearts are corrupt and full of wickedness and abominations, and they love darkness rather than light, because their deeds are evil; therefore they will not ask of me.

Satan stirreth them up that he may lead their souls to destruction; and thus he has laid a cunning plan thinking to destroy the work of God; but

I will require this at their hands, and it shall turn to their shame and condemnation in the day of judgment;

yea, he stirreth up their hearts to anger against this work;

yea, he saith unto them, Deceive, and lie in wait to catch that ye may destroy; behold, this is no harm; and thus he flattereth them and telleth them that it is no sin to lie that they may catch a man in a lie that they may destroy him; and thus he flattereth them, and leadeth them along until he draggeth their souls down to hell;

and thus he causeth them to catch themselves in their own snare; and thus he goeth up and down, to and fro in the earth, seeking to destroy the souls of men.

4.

Verily, verily, say unto you, wo be unto him that lieth to deceive, because he supposeth that another lieth to deceive, for such are not exempt from the justice of God.

5.

Now, behold, they altered those words, because Satan saith unto them,

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

"he hath deceived you;"and thus he flattereth them away to do iniquity to get thee to tempt the Lord thy God.

6.

Behold, I say unto you, that you shall not translate again those words which have gone forth out of your hands;

for, behold, they shall not accomplish their evil designs in lying against those words.

For, behold, if you should bring forth the same words they will say that you have lied, that you have pretended to translate, but that you have contradicted yourself; and, behold, they will publish this, and Satan will harden the hearts of the people to stir them up to anger against you, that they will not believe my words.

Thus Satan thinketh to overpower your testimony in this generation, that the work may not come forth in this generation;

but, behold, here is wisdom, and because I show unto you wisdom and give you commandments concerning these things what you shall do, show it not unto the world until you have accomplished the work of translation.

7.

Marvel not that I said unto you, here is wisdom, show it not unto the world;

for I said show it not unto the world that you may be preserved.

Behold, I do not say that you shall not show it unto the righteous, but as you cannot always judge the righteous, or as you cannot always tell the wicked from the righteous, therefore I say unto you, hold your peace until I shall see fit to make all things known unto the world concerning the matter.

8.

And now, verily I say unto you, that an account of those things that you have written, which have gone out of your hands, are engraven upon the plates of Nephi; yea, and you remember it was said in those writings, that a more particular account was given of these things upon the plates of Nephi.

9.

And now, because the account which is engraven upon the plates of Nephi is more particular concerning the things which in my wisdom I would bring to the knowledge of the people in this account, therefore you shall translate the engravings which are on the plates of Nephi,- down even till you come to the reign of King Benjamin, or until you come to that which you have translated which you have retained; and, behold, you shall publish it as the record of Nephi, and thus I will confound those who have altered my words.

I will not suffer that they shall destroy my work;

yea, I will show unto them that my wisdom is greater than the cunning of the devil.

10.

Behold, they have only got a part or an abridgment of the account of Nephi.

Behold, there are many things engraven on the plates of Nephi which do throw greater views upon my Gospel; therefore it is wisdom in me that you should translate this first part of the engravings of Nephi, and send forth in this work.

And, behold, all the remainder of this work does contain all those parts of my Gospel which my holy Prophets, yea, and also my disciples desired in their prayers should come forth unto this people.

And I said unto them that it should be granted unto them according to their faith in their prayers; yea, and this was their faith that my Gospel which I gave unto them that they might preach in their days, might come unto their brethren the Lamanites, and also all that had become

Lamanites because of their dissensions.

11.

Now this is not all;

their faith in their prayers were—that this Gospel should be made.known also, if it were possible that other nations should possess this land; and thus they did leave a blessing upon this land in their prayers, that whosoever should believe in this Gospel in this land might have eternal life; yea, that it might be free unto all of whatsoever nation, kindred, tongue or people they may be.

12.

And now, behold, according to their faith in their prayers will I bring this part of my Gospel to the knowledge of my people.

Behold, I do not bring it to destroy that which they have received, but to build it up.

13.

And for this cause have I said, if this generation harden not their hearts, I will establish my church among them.

Now I do not say this to destroy my church, but I say this to build up my

A HISTORICAL BUILDING.

church; therefore, whosoever belongeth to my church need not fear, for such shall inherit the kingdom of heaven.

But it is they who do not fear me, neither keep my commandments, but huildeth up churches unto themselves to get gain;

yea, and all those that do wickedly and buildeth up the kingdom of the devil; yea, verily, verily,

I say unto you, that it is they that will disturb, and cause to tremble and shake to the centre.

14.

Behold, I am Jesus Christ, the Son of God;

I came unto my own and my own received me not.

I am the light which shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehendeth it not.

I am He who said unto my disciples, other sheep have I which are not of this fold, and many there were that understood me not.

15.

And I will show unto this people that I had other sheep, and that they were a branch of the house of Jacob.

And I will bring to light their marvelous works which they did in my name; yea, and I will also bring to light my Gospel which was ministered unto them; and, behold, they shall not deny that which you have received, but they shall build it up, and shall bring to light the true points of my doctrine, yea, and the only doctrine which is in me; and this I do that I may establish my Gospel, that there may not be so much contention.

Yea, Satan doth stir up the hearts of the people to contention concerning the points of my doctrine, and in these things they do err, for they do wrest the scriptures, and do not understand them;

therefore I will unfold unto them this great mystery;

for, behold, I will gather them as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, if they will not harden their hearts; yea, if they will come, they may, and partake of the waters of life freely.

16.

Behold, this is my doctrine: whosoever repenteth and cometh unto me, the same is my church; whosoever declareth more or less than this, the same is not of me, but is against me, therefore he is not of my church.

17.

And now, behold, whosoever is of my church and endureth of my church to the end, him will 1 establish upon my rock and the gates of hell shall not prevail against them.

18.

And now, remember the words of him who is the life and the light of the world, your Redeemer, your Lord and your God.

Amen.

I did not, however, go immediately to translating, but went to laboring with my hands upon a small farm which I had purchased of my wife's father, in order to provide for my family.

George Reynolds.

Balzac being asked to explain an abstruse passage in one of his books, he frankly owned it had no meaning at all.

"You see,"said he,""for the average reader all that is clear seems easy, and if I did not sometimes give him a complicated and meaningless sentence, he would think he knew as much as myself.

But when he comes upon something he cannot comprehend, he re-reads it, puzzles over it, takes his head between his hand and glares at it; and finding it impossible to make head or tail of it, says, "Great man, Balzac;

he knows more than 1 do.'"A HISTORICAL BUILDING.

Many of the old-time Saints who were connected with the Church in early days in England will doubtless remember the Cockpit in Preston, which was rented by President Heber C. Kimball in 1837, to hold meetings in, and for a long time thereafter used for that purpose.

It is associated in the minds ot the Saints who lived in that region at that time with pleasant memories.

President Kimball records in his journal, when mentioning the fact of having engaged this place:

"We obtained a large and commodious

A HISTORICAL JWILD1NG.

place to preach in, called 'The Cockpit,'which had formerly been used by the people to witness cocks fight and kill one another, and where hundreds of spectators had shouted in honor of the barbarous sport, which was once the pride of Britons.

And now, instead of the huzzas of the wicked and profane, the Gospel of Christ and the voice of praise and thanksgiving were heard there.

The building had also been used as a temperance hall.

"We had to pay seven shillings sterling per week for the use of it, and two shillings per week for the lighting, it being beautifully lit up with gas.

It is situated in the centre of the town, and about twenty rods from the 'old church,'probably the oldest in Lancashire.

This church has twelve bells, which are rung at every service, the noise of which was so great that we were unable to proceed with our services until they had done ringing them."While on a recent visit to Preston, we went to see this historical building, about which we had so frequently heard and read.

Our guide was an old gentleman, whose memory not only reached back to the time when the Saints held meetings there, but farther still, for he well remembered the place being used as a cockpit, and that the Earl of Derby used to come there at every racing season to witness his favorite sport, the fighting of the birds.

He informed us that the ringing of the bells of the parish church near by would announce the conclusion of the game, and then the Earl would ride off with his retinue to attend the races.

The building, when we saw it, had rather a dilapidated appearance, the walls being considerably out of the perpendicular.

We were therefore not very much surprised at reading in the daily papers of the present week that the structure had collapsed on the ninth instant (June, 1884).

The Liverpool Daily Post contains the following on the subject:

"On Monday evening, about half-past 5 o'clock, three-quarters of the roof and a large portion of the south gable of the

Old Cockpit, situate in St. John's place, Stoneygate, Preston, fell in with a tremendous crash.

The building had latterly been tenanted by Mr. Jackson, a dancing master, and his band and pupils were to begin to assemble at 6 o'clock.

It is most fortunate that the accident happened at the time mentioned, as in about an hour later there would have been from one hundred to one hundred and twenty persons in the place, and the loss of life would no doubt have been very large.

It is said that this old building was erected at the end of the last or beginning of the present century, at the expense of the great-grandfather of the present Earl of Derby, who was passionately fond of cock-fighting, and fought many a main therein.

On Sundays it was used as a school in connection with the parish church, and it was the duty of the apparitor to clear away the blood and feathers left from the week's combats before the opening ot the school on Sunday morning.

In 1S30 the place was closed as a cockpit, and the burgesses of Preston were deprived of their great diversion, the Derby family, its patrons, being then alienated by the defeat of the Hon. E. G. Stanley (the late earl) by Mr. Henry Hunt in the byelection of that year.

Then the cockpit was utilized as a sort of mechanics'institution, which took the fine name of 'Lyceum,"and after that it was the great meeting place of the temperance advocates; and it was here that Dicky Turner invented the word 'teetotal.'Speaking of drink, he remarked, in his stuttering way, that he could do 'tee-tte-totally'without it;> and the word became at once the shibboleth of the total abstainers.

The cockpit was also the Sunday meeting place of the weavers'delegates during the great Preston strike of 1S53-4, which lasted nine months; and, after the subscriptions they brought from all parts of the country to support the turn-outs had been counted, it was here they addressed crowded and excited meetings of the operatives.

Some time ago the building was leased to a company of mineral water and lemonade manufacturers, and. latterly has been used as a dancing academy."G.

C. Lambert-

ATOSTASY.

APOSTASY.

"Didst thou not sow good seed in thy field?

Whence then hath it tares?"—Matt., XIII:

27.

"Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him.

Let no man deceive you by any means for that day shall not come except there be a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition."—II THESS., II:

1 and 3.

So much has been written under the above caption, and so many potent arguments have been advanced, it will almost seem superfluous and unnecessary to add anything further; but we think the phase of the subject which we intend presenting will not be uninteresting to readers of the Contributor.

The chain of scriptural evidence forged by previous writers, is sufficiently strong, and leaves nothing to be added.

Our purpose is to ask writers of profane history to add their quota in making tenable the position taken by the Latter-day Saints, and only incidental reference will be made to the pages of sacred literature.

When our Savior came unto the "seed of Abraham (the Jews) unto whom the promise was made,"He found them paying tribute to the Romans under Augustus, and in provinces of the Roman empire, directly governed, or rather oppressed by procurators who were appointed by the government.

They were expecting a sovereign and deliverer, but a temporal one, who would deliver them from their Roman masters.

Christ came as a spiritual Lord to teach them to be subject to a spiritual kingdom; to fulfil the law of Moses, from which they had degenerated, and preach, by example as well as by precept, the laws of His kingdom.

The example of the infidel Romans had materially aided in the corruptions above mentioned, and, as will be shown, also changed the doctrines of

Christ, until hardly a vestige of them, in their primitive purity, remained.

The church had been built "upon the foundation of prophets and apostles, Christ himself being the chief cornerstone,"who called to their aid such helps as pastors, evangelists, bishops, priests, deacons, etc,"and from the improper use and abuse of the rights and duties of the successors of these officers, most of the corruptions which gradually crept into the church, are directly traceable.

The Twelve Apostles, with Peter at their head (of course subject to our Savior), constituted the authority in the primitive church, and the offices they held were to be a necessary adjunct until "all came to a unity of the faith."The fact that these important positions were not filled, or even considered necessary, is indisputable proof that the great "falling away"had commenced as early as the first century, A. D., and Paul, in his lifetime, saw that "the mystery of iniquity doth already work."Each of the offices mentioned, was distinctive from all others, and required a separate ordination thereto, but in course of time the officers arrogated to themselves authority and influence not given them, and from the democratic principle of having "all things in common,"they degenerated into mere wranglers after temporal power and emoluments accruing to their offices.

The bishops were temporal officers, but as early as the second and third centuries they commenced to assume powers and responsibilities entirely foreign to their duties as temporal fathers of the church.

They sought to increase to the limits of their diocese, or the branch of the church over which they presided, amass wealth, and, in the third century, many of them even affected the manner and state of princes, being surrounded by the concomitant wealth and magnificence of royalty.

The presbyters, who took the plea of priests, and the deacons, assistants to the bishops in temporal affairs, were not slow to follow the example set them, and lived in indolence and pleasure, and did not deign to perform the subordinate duties to which their offices called them.

Owing to this

33° APOSTASY.

cause, new and minor orders were added to the clergy, called sub-deacons, acolythi, ostiarii or door keepers, lectors or readers, and exorcists.

During apostolic times, each branch of the church had its own officers, made its own laws, which were sanctioned by the general body, and, in a great measure, was independent from all other branches.

The time of gathering had not yet come, and this fact is reason enough to account for this condition of affairs.

Through the whole of the first and a portion of the second century, this state of affairs

Continued.

During this period, also, the clergy was created by the suffrage of the whole people.

The apostles received the command to "go into all the world and preach the

Gospel unto every creature,"and followed the injunction in the spirit it was given, but their pretended successors, with dogmatic zeal, sought to extend the influence and power of Christianity for their own worldly advancement rather than to bring unbelievers from the fog of doubt and unbelief into the transcendent blaze of Gospel truths.

Judging from their actions, their motto must have been, "the end justifies the means,"and certainly the means they employed cannot be recommended to those who preach a gospel of regeneration.

We have already spoken of the influence the Romans exerted upon them to the exclusion of pure principles, and the adoption of heresies, and will now quote p^oof in point from the great ecclesiastical historian, Mosheim.

Speaking of the synods or councils patterned after the political regime of the Romans, he says:

"These councils, of which no vestige appears before the middle of this (the second) century, changed nearly the whole form of the church.

For in the first place, the ancient rights and privileges of the people were very much abridged by them;

and on the other hand, the influence and authority of the bishops were not a little augmented.

At first the bishops did not deny that they were merely representatives of their churches, and that they acted in the name of the people; but little by little they made higher pretensions, and maintained that power was given them by Christ Himself to dictate rules of faith and conduct to the people.

In the next place, the perfect equality and parity of all bishops, which existed in early times, these councils gradually subverted;

for it was necessary that one of the confederated bishops of a province should be intrusted with some authority and power in those conventions over the others, and hence originated the prerogatives of metropolitans.

And lastly, when the custom of holding these councils had extended over the Christian world, and the universal church had acquired the form of a vast republic, composed of many lesser ones;

certain chief men were to be placed over it in different parts of the world, in order to preserve the coherence of the whole body.

Hence came patriarchs and the Roman pontiff."(Mosheim, page 62.) This shows an evident departure from established usage, but to make the contrast still more marked we will again quote from the same author, page "Whoever supposes that the bishop of the first and golden age of the church corresponded with the bishops of the following centuries, must blend and confound characters which are very different.

For, in this century (the first) and the next, a bishop had charge of a single church, which might ordinarily be contained in a private house; nor was he its lord, but in reality its minister or servant;

he instructed the people, conducted all parts of public worship, and attended on the sick and the necessitous in person."All the remuneration received by the bishops was voluntary contributions from the people;

vastly different from the immense income which they, in time, held to be their right.

The branches of the church being on an equality, the bishops also were considered equal, but the change of precedence came quickly.

In controversial matters of importance, the apostles were appealed to as final decision, and from what was considered a precedence; the bishops living in cities sacred to the

THE CANADIAN NORTHWEST.

3V apostles soon began to assume authority higher than their priesthood allowed, and were consulted upon weighty affairs and enjoyed prerogatives peculiar to themselves.

These cities were notably Rome, Antioch, Alexandria and Byzantium or Constantinople.

The bishops of Rome, in particular, were considered by many to hold some primacy in the church, and were considered successors to Peter.

The bishops themselves strenuously maintained all the power they gained and zealously worked for more.

Each of the bishops in the cities named was jealous of the others and sternly opposed any innovation upon accepted doctrine or church polity, not advanced by himself.

This strife was much augmented when Christianity became popular enough to receive notice from Roman emperors.

Constantine the Great, in particular, interfered in church discipline and some new departures are ascribed to him. He transferred the imperial residence to Byzantium, and there founded the city Constantinople;

and at first undesignedly raised up a powerful competitor to the bishop of Rome, who, by this time, was fast gaining supremacy.

The emperor wished the city to be a new Rome and endowed with all the privileges, honors and elegancies of the old.

The bishop of such a great city, which was the imperial residence; also thought himself equal to the bishop of old Rome in rank, and desired to have precedence over all other bishops.

The emperor and his successors did not disapprove of this ambition, because they considered their own dignity involved in that of the bishop of their metropolis, and in the year 381 A. D., a council was convened by Theodosius the Great, and this matter of increasing importance received attention.

The bishop of Rome was placed in the first rank, the bishop of Constantinople in the second, and the bishops of Antioch and Alexandria came next in rank. This council was only one of many which were, by authority of Constantine, composed of minor councils, before referred to, of the whole church, and composing ecumenical or general councils, the same, which, in subsequent centuries decided matters of controversy.

The subsequent bishops of Constantinople gradually advanced their claims to superiority, until it became an open warfare between the pontiffs of Rome and Constantinople for the supremacy, and was protracted through several conturies, until it finally ended in a complete disruption in the Greek and Catholic churches.

From the time of Constantine, the feeling between rival cities grew to such an intense hate that it seems almost impossible for those in a common faith, which faith taught love and good will, to entertain.

Worldly power and greatness became so fascinating that often obstinate and bloody contests took place when a new pontiff was to be created by the voice of the priests and people.

An example is afforded of this in the year 366, after the death of Liberius, bishop of Rome.

One party was for placing Damasus as his successor, and another for appointing Ursiunus over the bereaved church, and the contest ended in a bloody warfare, in which there was burning of houses, in which many lost their lives.

In very truth was the "man of sin revealed,"whose mission has ever been to cause disunion in the ranks of truth and the Gospel of liberty.

J. L. Robison.

THE CANADIAN NORTHWEST.

Those who are old enough to remember fifty years ago, when the great central States of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan and Illinois were only sparsely settled, and the vast regions of the northwest were not yet organized into territories, will recollect the fervor of emigration and enterprise of the young men to develop the agricultural, mineral and commercial resources of those vast

THE CANADIAN NORTHWEST.

regions.

Then, on every principal highway leading westward, might have been seen long trains of emigrant wagons;

and on every steamboat crowds of young and middle-aged, all moving westward with high hopes and fond anticipations.

Just such is the condition of Canadian society at the present time.

With the confederation of the provinces into one Dominion, in 1867, a new era dawned upon her people.

Hitherto many of her best young men emigrated to the United States, and identified themselves with American citizens.

Confederation was a high bid for Canadian patriotism by offering a possibility of future nationality and independence.

But it was not till 1871, when the Marquis of Lome, then Governor-General of the Dominion, made a journey to the valleys of the Saskatchewan and Assiniboine that public attention took a turn in that direction.

The glowing accounts of the wonderful fertility of those regions, as given by parties who accompanied this expedition, was too much for even the sober, steady-going Canadian farmers.

Hundreds sold or mortgaged their possessions, and, with what money they could obtain, set out for this northern El Dorado.

Canada saw in these northwest territories the possibility of her future greatness.

The emigration of young Canadians to the United States suffered a serious check; but steamers on the North Red River were unable to carry the freight, passengers and baggage destined for the shores of Lakes Manitoba and Winnipeg.

Notwithstanding the reports of returning missionaries, tourists and traders, the great majority of the American people, in common with the rest of mankind, looked upon this unknown land as an inhospitable region of ice and snow.

It was not till the centennial year of American independence that the opinions of leading men underwent a great change.

Thoughtful men from every nation on the globe had met at the great world's fair, then holding at Philadelphia, bringing with them the best natural and manufactured products of their own lands.

Among natural products none claimed higher importance, both with agriculturalists and statesmen, than the great life-sustaining article of wheat.

In the agricultural department of the exhibition could be found thick-bearded Russians, with bushels upon bushels of beautiful wheat from the plains of the Don and the Volga.

Swarthy Thibetians, from the tablelands of Asia, were there with wheat, whose beautifully-rounded grains denoted its superior quality.

Farmers from Egypt exhibited samples of the favored grain, beautiful enough to tempt a less aggressive people than the English to desire the rich valley of the Nile.

Australians were there also, with fine specimens of wheat from those distant regions.

And lastly, enterprisingAmericans from at least a dozen States and Territories were there, all eloquently pleading the superior qualities of the samples they exhibited.

Which of all these countries and to whom should the medal and first prize be given for the finest quality of wheat?

After much examination and consultation, the judges unanimously agreed to give the rewards to an obscure farmer named McLeod, for wheat raised at Fort Chippewyan, near the shores of Lake Athabasca, more than one thousand five hundred miles northwest of Minnesota, while specimens from the vast and still more distant Peace River country received honorable mention.

To say that leading agriculturists, statesmen and representatives of the great nations of the earth were astonished, would only halt tell the story.

Much more, they would have been scarcely more astonished if they had been informed of a new wheatgrowing continent in the midst of the Pacific Ocean.

This decision was supplemented, a short time afterwards, by a letter to the

Hon. Secretary of the Interior by the Hon.

I. W. Taylor, American consul at Winnipeg, who has made a life-long study of this question.

Among other things, he says:

"I have just returned from Prince Albert, on the North

Saskatchewan, some five hundred miles

THE CANADIAN NORTHWEST.

northwest of the city of Winnipeg, where I witnessed the harvesting of probably the choicest wheat on the continent, saved in the finest order, and entirely free from frost.

On my way south I stopped at Portage la Prairie, a young and thriving town, two hundred and sixty miles north of Winnipeg, and fully eight hundred miles north of St. Paul.

At this place I remained for a day to attend the Provincial Exhibition then being held at that point.

I had lived there, and I thus had the opportunity of conversing with scores of farmers whom I knew intimately, many of them the early immigrants to the province.

I have myself lived some sixteen years in the Canadian Northwest, and during my residence there have farmed extensively both in Manitoba and the territories farther northwest.

During all that time my crops have only suffered twice from severe frost.

Throughout this northwest region a sudden break takes place in the weather about the end of August.

The nights then become chilly and frost is to be feared, though it may seldom come.

On the other hand, there is no June frost, and anyone can easily understand that before the end of August the wheat is already safe.

So far from wheat culture north of the Canada line being 'doubtful,'it is a fact well known that the quality of the grain improves as you approach the northwestern limit of its growth.

The only difficulty, indeed, seems to be to reach this limit.

The quantity of the grain is also remarkable.

In the Mississippi Valley the average yield is scarcely sixteen bushels per acre, while twenty-five bushels is considered as something remarkable.

The soil of the Canadian Northwest yields forty bushels per acre under careless tillage, and without the application of manure."During the last two or three years the capabilities of this magnificent region have begun to attract attention to such an extent that last year an increase of three million acres were put for the first time under cultivation.

The area of this fertile belt is estimated to be more than three-fourths that of Europe.

It may be well to point out that this great district, oy way of Hudson's Bay—

a route which is being rapidly developed—is nearer Liverpool than any State of the Union west of Ohio.

The influx of settlers continues to increase.

As yet steamboat and railway communication is inadequate, but it is being rapidly extended.

Steamers already ply on the Assiniboine, Severn, Nelson, Saskatchewan, Athabaska and Peace rivers; and on Lakes Winnipeg, Manitoba and Athabasca;

in all a distance of more than nineteen hundred miles.

The Canadian Pacific Railway is already more than two-thirds completed, and the work is being rapidly prosecuted.

Branch roads connecting it with the Hudson Bay on the northeast, the Peace River country on the northwest, and Dakota on the south, are already commenced.

In the near future a large population will occupy these territories.

Canada will rise to importance and authority through the development of the boundless resources entrusted to her, Britain will find a vast market for her manufactures, and may yet draw her supplies of grain mainly from this dependency.

The climate of this region is what we would call severe;

yet not more so than Sweden or central Russia.

The cold is continuous and therefore not felt so much as in places where changes in temperature are frequent.

The heavy snows protect the roots of the plants in winter, and when at length the snow melts in April the days are already so long that vegetation springs rapidly forward.

By the end of April, the days are fully fifteen hours long, and rapidly increase.

By the end of May they are quite eighteen hours in length.

By the middle of June, sunlight has increased to nineteen hours, and twilight lingers the whole night through.

In the dark days of December this is reversed, and the sun lingers fully three-fourths of the time below the horizon.

The staple products of the country are wheat, rye, barley, oats and peas.

Corn may be raised in the extreme south, but is not certain.

The larger fruits, excepting a few hardy apples, cannot be successfully

THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE.

cultivated; but berries in great abundance are found growing wild.

Of these the principal are cranberries, currants, blackberries, raspberries, strawberries and whortleberries.

Game is abundant, especially in the vast forests which lie to the east and north of Winnipeg, which is perhaps the most extensive timber region on the face of the globe.

The lakes, rivers and creeks abound with fish, and these of the finest quality.

/. H. Ward.

Who seeks apd will not take when once 'tis offered, Shall never find it more.

THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE.

The ability to receive knowledge and intelligence from sources outside of personal experience is one of the every day facts of life.

To be sure much is and much might be acquired from individual research, but the wisest student is he who utilizes, whenever practicable, the labors of others in his selected line of thought.

There are few subjects of human interest but which, on a superficial glance, seem to have been touched in some degree, some much more profoundly than others, some apparently exhausted, yet numerous are the topics upon which there is little known or said.

Gifted men—men of genius-^are pushing forward the picket lines of observation, and some in the flush of discovery think the outer fringe is reached, at all events by them;

others, with more sublime humility, are prepared to endorse the sentiment of the mighty Newton, who, being complimented on his discoveries in science, said, "I am but as a child playing on the sands, and gathering here and there a pebble or a shell, while the great ocean of truth rolls unexplored before me."Others may have seized his conceptions and conclusions, and scientific lore may since his time have had vast accretions, but none have so unostentatiously divested themselves of egotism or taken so little credit to themselves.

Professor Morse, when he belted the globe with the flashing, thrilling message, "What hath God wrought?

Surely this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes,"was probably a more alluring type of the pious or religious man, yet he perchance never belittled his achievements as did his predecessor—Newton.

The student of to-day needs not to grope in comparative darkness and in learned ignorance, for a "resting place for the soles of his feet;"he can with some assurance stand upon the foundation already laid, and from known data push the platform already erected further toward the unknown and unproved.

That there is an infinitude of knowledge in the possession of organized intelligences is favored by all hypotheses, reasons appear to be conclusive also in this direction, and revelation (if we admit its possibility or can experience its practicability) would be its own best testimony to an important future.

Mankind use with assiduity all the appliances of books, research, experiment; the platform and the rostrum popularizes every new fancy, every wild vagary and every partial truth with the rapidity of travel noted men become peripatetic lecturers, and by virtue of fame already secured on some basis, by virtue of startling caption, such as "Why don't God kill the devil,"or by iconoclastic assaults on sacred things, on long cherished faiths, seek to create sensation and—"putmoney in thy purse."It is obvious, however, that there is yet "a remnant"who are not anxious to "remove the old landmarks;"they believe that truth hath yet a foothold upon the earth, and that there is less of mental and spiritual chaos than some would seem to suggest, and if these shrink from books and platforms and schools of thought, it is because so-called standards and educators have become

THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE

more or less depraved;

popularity is courted, not right; money is loved, not truth;

profit, not reality; time, not eternity, is the objective goal of action.

The sphere, the life, the opportunities of mankind are all limited; he is apparently confined to earth.

Three score years and ten is the assumed boundary of his age; one quarter is consumed by childhood and youth;

one-third of the balance by sleep; one-quarter by creeping decrepitude and age;

part of the remainder by uncertainties, inexperience and errors, until between fifteen and twenty years is all that the average man can expect to use in solving the problems of his career and preparing for a hereafter.

Now if man could be aided in his efforts after good by those who have passed the ordeals of life, by those who have found the secret of the future, those who, as Shakspeare had it, "have jumped the life to come,"surely his advancement in all that is desirable would be more rapid and satisfactory, yet but few have faith in the resources of this direction;

the leaders and the masses, the priest and the people, the teacher and the pupils for ages have conceded this to be an impossibility; present aid and past historical assertion of such possibility has been relegated to the "no man's ground,"of tradition, superstition and myth.

Whether this mental and spiritual darkness is the cumulative product of irreligious ancestry and parentage may not in every individual case be clear, but that there is a law of transmission has been asserted from the earliest times, and if scepticism can become hereditary as do other characteristics, so also may faith and active spiritual function, until the one organization may become almost the antipodes of the other, ihe positive and negative poles of spiritual and religious experience and life.

To the developed organization, the future life is an assured reality, the existence of God an indisputable truth, spiritual communion an unambiguous experience; and the miracles of the past, the power of the spirit, and the gifts and blessings are all only so many expected phenomena, and are no more bewildering to the recipient than the phenomena of nature or the marvels of chemistry to the student in these directions.

The inexperienced may ridicule, may travesty, may laugh even in derision or contempt, but real faith is as immovable as the hills.

"The secret of the Lord is with them that fear him, and he will show him his covenant;"Psalms xxv: 14

Thus the truths of religion imbedded in man's nature are scientific, pi ilosophic and natural, as well as biblical and theological; and the faculties and functions, which take note of spiritual things and spiritual influences, are active or dormant, or occupy intermediate position, or are intermittent, just as the functions and faculties which pertain to labor, to social matters, to music, or to mental activities of other characters, according to opportunities or degree of power.

Some men are color blind, yet colors exist; some are insensible to music, yet the harmonies of that art are an inspiration to others; some love beauty, while there are those in whom its symmetries find no response.

And so as to religion;

its rites and revelations may be as a book sealed to one who cannot read, yet at the same time to another be in reality saturated with intelligent order and system, be conclusive as to necessity, and to faith surcharged be as a matter of course destined to sure and certain triumph.

It may be said the whole world lacks wisdom, but because of unbelief, how few seek for it outside of human aid, how few adopt the conclusions of Joseph

Smith, the unsophisticated lad?

To be a praying man is of course in many circles not a discredit, but rather otherwise, yet in Congress, in conventions, in churches even, and not unfrequently in Israel, to find an answer would be both an unlooked for and an unexpected thing.

Now if we assume that existence is continuous, if individuality is eternal either as to the past or future, this little life is but as a drop of water or a grain of sand; yet men increase in knowledge here, the stock is being continually aug-

THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE.

mented, personal experience, the silent power of association, the countless influences and scenes of life, all add to the mental deposit; and ever and anon there comes thought from outside sources, probably if analyzed the product of preexistent experience, memories of the past, or suggestions of the future.

How and why the past is mostly veiled, whether all its memories and experiences will revive with the laying down of the tabernacle, are questions partly unsolvable at present; whether all the details of this probation will be obliterated until after the resurrection, is matter for argument and revelation, but if pre-existence is established, men now in the flesh must have had a vast experience in the past; the associations of that life, its social and educational opportunities could be no secret when the spirits left that home for this.

And there can be no doubt but that love, friendship, association, teachers, then, retain an interest in the loved ones yet, particularly those who have been and those also who expect to be subjects of the same probation.

Men now living may have been well acquainted with Adam and Eve, may have been on friendly terms with the prophets and patriarchs of the past, yet all has become simply as "a dream of the night."The Prophet Joseph said in his time that his brethren did not know him, nor would they believe him if he told them who he was; and after all, who is there that know themselves? What of parentage, what of friends, what of associates in the families of this life, what indeed of self, what of lineage, family or tribe?

Is there not interest among all those who come to this earth in each other?

And if here memory is at fault, surely those of the early ages of mankind, surely those who have attained to the resurrection have an intensity of interest in the wellbeing and doing of associates and friends.

Then again, in view of the facts of the

Gospel, of the special knowledge needed for the great work of the last days, should not Israel be as anxious for communion as it is to be presumed the departed are to communicate with them?

Does not scripture sustain the idea of this abiding interest on the part of the advanced intelligencies of the beyond?

Is it not said that, "He maketh his angels spirits and his ministers a flaming fire?"And Paul after referring to and quoting this assertion of David says, "Are they not all ministering spirits sent forth to minister to them, who shall be heirs of salvation."

This surely implies more than interest—it tells of appointment, and appointment implies activity, necessity and use.

This accumulated experience belongs to man as fast as he can apply it in a proper channel, and the measure of communication and increase of knowledge is only limited by lack of faith and cultivation of the faculties which take hold of spiritual things.

This is the science of sciences, it is at the summit of all experience, and constitutes in fact the highest good, as Paul said, "To be carnally minded is death, but to the spiritually minded 1s life and peace.""Whoso readeth, let him understand."

In the dedication of the Logan

Temple, President Taylor recognized in an unmistakable manner the necessity which now exists for increased spiritual communion, and through Temple ordinances and Temple opportunities, he more than suggested, would come increased spiritual light;

Israel will yet experience another and another "tidal wave"of inspirational energy and power;

and when this comes to her it will, like its type in the first era of the Church, be felt around the habitable globe;

it will give an impulse everywhere in the Church and out of it to things sacred, secular and political, just as it did in the early history of "Mormonism,"details of which must however be reserved for another article.

H. W. Naisbitt.

It is living twice when you can enjoy the recollection of your former life.

Pleasures become bitter as soon as they are abused.

French proverb.

KRAAL1NG WILD ELEPHANTS.

KRAALING WILD ELEPHANTS.

It is not exactly clear in the mind of the narrator how far the word "kraal"applies—whether it means simply the very strong stockade inclosing several acres of jungle, with partly masked lines of stockade running out for some distance in divergent directions from a narrow gateway, across which stanch barriers can be thrown as soon as the beasts are inside, or whether it takes in the whole business of getting the great pachyderms in there.

It will, perhaps, be as well to give it the narrowest acceptation, for the inclosed space must have some name, and "kraal"seems to meet the requirement.

Under the direction of the head men were some two thousand beaters—coolies and persons of low degree—whose duty it was to surround a vast extent of territory, gradually contracting their lines and driving before them in the direction of the kraal any elephants that might be so unfortunate as to be within the inclosed space.

This is necessarily slow work.

The brutes, if hurried, are liable to make desperate charges through the line of beaters and escape, especially when the line is much extended and thin.

To prevent their doing this the firing of guns, beating of gongs and drums, and the diabolic yelling ot the beaters are the only means legitimately employed, though some of the beaters, in violation of strict orders, do occasionally fire bullets at the animals and wound them. The elephant is a cowardly brute and can easily be frightened by noise.

Provided he is not so terrified as to become temporarily crazed, he will run away from the noise, but when excited seems to lose his reason, and rushes furiously in whatever direction he happens to have his head pointed.

So, to make just the right quantity of fright in the little mind animating the big body, the beaters advance very gradually and cautiously.

They had been moving steadily, driving a herd of elephants slowly before them, for twentyfour days preceding the Thursday on which the relator joined them as a spectator.

"It was,"he says, "nominally a private hunt gotten up by the head men to capture elephants, in a business way, but the whole country seemed to take an interest in it.

Where there was, six weeks before, but a dense forest, there was now, in the vicinity of the kraal, a population of more than five thousand people assembled, either to witness the exciting scenes anticipated or to reap profit from the sightseers.

A livery stable, with fifty horses for hire, was started by one enterprising fellow. Two butchers opened shops.

Scores of stalls for the sale of native and European articles sprang up as if by magic.

A number of 'bungalows'—houses that keep out the sun but let in the rain and wind, when there is any—were erected and occupied by Europeans and aristocratic natives.

A performer of spiritualistic tricks and magic gave regular entertainments, and there were concerts by a band of quite tolerable musicians.

Of course there was a liquor shop, where ice could be procured at the low rate of seventy-five cents a pound.

The dry bed of the Dedurnoya river was occupied as a camping ground for a number of people who lived in bullock carts.

One afternoon there was heavy rain.

Almost immediately the dry bed of the river was transformed.

A torrent came rolling down it, and the campers had to scamper very smartly to get out of the way.

The governor of Ceylon, Sir Arthur Gordon, and Sir William Gregory, and a lot of unimportant Englishmen and a couple of Americans were in the throng awaiting the elephants, and killed time by getting up horse and elephant races.

The weather was more than hot, so much so that 92 in the shade was regarded as cool.

The postmaster general established a temporary post office near the kraal and the Ceylon Observer had at least two reporters on the ground.

"Those were among the things I noticed

KRAALING WILD ELEPHANTS.

and found out on the Wednesday of my arrival at the kraal.

The next day I went out to see the beaters at work.

I had to go through an abominable jungle, full of the longest, sharpest and crockedest thorns in the world, I do believe. When I reached the line, having to travel a dozen miles around to get behind them, the beaters seemed to be scattered through the forest without any order or regularity, but a little explanation from one of the head men soon satisfied me that they were moving by as systematic discipline as that of a well-trained army.

They were in groups of five or six, with intervals of a dozen yards or so between the groups, and I was told that they were more than two thousand in number.

Each group had a sort of tent.

and a little fire before it, the chief use of which was to frighten the elephants from making a charge back through the line.

No beating was done at night, but sentries were kept vigilantly watching, and whenever the elephants began trumpeting and moving about uneasily in the jungle ahead, the beaters would rouse up and create the most infernal din conceivable.

Nearly every man had a gun; those who had no guns carried tom-toms or drums, and they could all yell like fiends.

No wonder they scared the elephants.

Cerberus would have turned tail and fled from such an uproar.

No such astonishing lot of guns was ever seen before except at an elephant hunt in Ceylon.

It included samples of every kind of gun ever made, from mediaeval blunderbusses and antique flintlock muskets down to the fine modern rifles and double-barrelled shotguns.

Horse pistols, pepper-box revolvers and duelling pistols were among them.

Strict orders had been issued against the use of bullets, that the elephants might not be wounded, but the orders were disregarded, or at least it appeared that they had been, from the fact that one elephant was severely wounded, two men were shot, one fatally, and nearly every group was feeding upon wild birds shot down in the jungle.

"I remained with the beaters one night, during which the elephants made one endeavor to break through a side line, but where driven back by the pandemonium raised before them.

They then remained hidden in a thick jungle, moving about uneasily, but the rest of the night passed without further adventure.

At daybreak the lines of the beaters were advanced, all moving with a mathematical precision.

They moved but a little distance, and then would stop and wait for the elephants to advance, when they would again go forward a few rods.

The head man in charge of the proceedings seemed to understand the language of the pursued and persecuted beasts.

A yell, or snort, or puff in the jungle ahead, that sounded to my ear like any other snort, or yell, or puff, would cause the instant passing of a word of warning all along the lines and everybody would halt and make ready to repel a charge.

After a little while, assured by other sounds, apparently, the orders would be given to move on.

Sometimes, I was assured, one day or even two would pass during which it would be very unadvisable to attempt to hurry the elephants. Although they were for a number of days kept steadily upon a line of march in which water—their great luxury—was very scarce, they seemed to have an instinctive feeling of some evil purpose in forcing them toward the Dedurnoya river, and stubbornly held back in the dry and thorny jungle, as if they had divined that just on the other side of the river were the lines of the stockade leading into the kraal and that, once there, all hope of escape would be gone.

"On Friday morning the elephants continued not to come in, and the occasion was improved for the presentation to the governor of a formal address from the principal chiefs of the Seven Korales.

It was illuminated in truly Oriental style, and gorgeous as a circus poster.

At an early hour a report came in that a rogue elephant had attacked some tame elephants encamped about a quarter of a mile from the town, and had done considerable mischief.

The natives were much frightened by the report, as a rogue elephant spreads terror

kRAALING WILD ELEPHANTS.

wherever he goes.

He is always a big savage tusker, who travels alone in the jungle and is possesed by a mania for attacking furiously any tame elephants or human beings that are seen by him.

Nobody wants to capture him, but everybody wants to kill him.

This particular one was well known by sight and had been shot several times, but never sufficiently to stop his wickedness.

On Friday night he came out of the jungle again and made another attack upon the tame elephants, that scented his coming and began trumpeting in alarm before he was in sight.

Some men were waiting for him with rifles.

One fired a ball into the side of his head.

He turned to charge upon them and received another bullet in the face.

That discouraged him, and he dashed into the jungle again, receiving another shot in the rear as he fled.

It was thought that he was heard to fall with a crash among the brush, but search the next day only resulted in the finding of his tracks.

It is by no means easy to hit an elephant in a vital place in the darkness.

"On Monday the excitement went up to fever heat, for reports were brought in at an early hour in the morning that the elephants were moving and would be certain to cross the Dedurnoya river during the afternoon.

But they did not.

The thousands of spectators concealed themselves as best they could in the jungle flanking the wide path upon which the elephants were expected to come, kept as quiet as they could, held their breath and waited.

On the other side of the narrow stream the beasts could be heard crashing and thrashing about in the jungle, and the continuous rattle of gun firing and the shouts from the lines of beaters back of them sounded as if a battle was in progress.

By nightfall everybody was disappointed and disgusted.

His august excellency the governor was so much displeased with the way in which the wild elephants were conducting themselves that he threatened to deprive them of the honor of being kraaled in the light of his presence if they didn't hurry up and come in speedily like good brutes.

That threat only partially settled the matter.

The next morning, long before daylight, several elephants had crossed the river and were at the door of the gigantic trap built to receive them.

But the majority of the herd still remained on the other side, and would not give way before the beaters.

In that emergency a Sinhalese seer was called in to prophesy, while all beating was suspended and everybody kept quiet, to give him a good chance to commune with his choice assortment of gods.

After working himself into what looked like an epileptic fit, he authoritatively announced that the herd would cross the river on.

Tuesday night positively. Then the beaters went to work with renewed vigor.

"Just at nightfall some of the elephants that had already crossed to the kraal side of the river came down to the stream, bathed, drank and disported themselves in the water for a while and then went back into the jungle.

Soon after an old cow elephant, with a young one following her, came out of the thicket on the other side, marched down into the river, drank and passed over.

Then, at short intervals, two or three at a time, the other elephants followed.

It was a pretty sight to see the huge beasts, after their many days'of anxiety, weariness, fright and deprivation of water—the elephant's greatest luxury enjoying themselves in the cooling stream.

They rolled, wallowed, threw great spouts of water high in the air from their great trunks, splashed each other as if in play and finally slowly moved their ponderous forms across to the opposite side of the river—that upon which we lay awaiting them.

The peaceful calm that lay so treacherously upon the country before them lulled them to a delusive hope that they had at length made their escape from the harassing pandemonium behind them.

Poor brutes, they were quietly walking into captivity.

No sooner were they all safely across than their tormentors were after them, cutting off their line of retreat and hurrying them along over the half-mile still between them and the kraal.

34° LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

"At daybreak on Wednesday morning

Europeans and natives joined in the final drive in.

As the elephants neared the kraal huge wood fires were lighted behind them, to frighten them from breaking back when they caught sight of the stockade.

They did attempt a charge to the rear when they saw the narrowing lines of the stockade leading to the kraal, which they seemed to understand was meant to rob them of their freedom.

The howling beaters fled before them in dismay, for their charge was one of ferocious desperation, but the European backers stood firm, and the fires were there, so the poor beasts gave up their mad attempt for liberty, and, with a wild trumpeting, abandoned the fight and bolted into the inclosure.

The barriers were quickly erected behind them, and they were prisoners."

The Republic.

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

IN FOUR ACTS.

Earl of Montrose, Lord Menteith, Angus McAulav, Allan McAulav, Captain Dugald Dalgetty Marquis of Argyle, Sir Duncan Campbell, Ranald McEagh, Kenneth McEagh, Sir Miles Musgravk, i Christopher Hall, j Neal, Annot Lyle, CHARACTERS.

Leader of forces of Charles I against Argyle.

Lieutenant to Montrose.

Laird of Darnlinvarach.

Younger brother to Angus—A seer.

A soldier of the world.

Lord Justice General of Scotland.

Lieutenant to Argyle.

Leader of the Children of the Mist.

His grandson, a child of the Mist.

Adherents of Charles I.

Attendant on Argyle.

Adopted daughter of Angus McAulay

Time—1645-6.

ACT I.

Scene I.

An outer hall in the Castle of

Darnlinvarach, Scotland.

Music at rise—Old tune.

Dalgetty discovered seated, burnishing headpiece, and humming the last notes of the music after it ceases.

Dalgetty.

Now this, my headpiece, is as dull as an old pewter ale pot.

Will it never brighten?

"When cannon are roaring, and bullets are flying, The lad that would have honor, boys, must never fear dying."{Pointing to dint in piece.) Now there's the fine thump I got from a rascally ^Dramatized from Sir Walter Scott's romance, by H.

L.

A.

Culmer, and published by request of the amateur dramatic associations of the Territorv.

Hoganmogan, while serving under the valiant Gustavus Adolphus, King of Sweden, and there [pointing to another dint) is proof of a thundering compliment paid me at Dunkensfriel—and there—and here Enter Mentieth and Montrose in disguise.

Throughout this scene Mentieth is deferent to Montrose, except when they are observed; then a reverse relation is assumed.

Mentieth.

Captain Dalgetty, the time has come when we must part, or become comrades in service.

Dalgetty.

Not before dinner, I hope?

Mentieth.

{Glancing towards Dalgetty 's stomach.)

I should have thought your garrison was victualled for three days at least.

Dalgetty.

[Complacently.) I have still some stowage left for beef and ban-

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

nocks, and I never miss a favorable opportunity of renewing my supplies.

Mentieth.

But in times of war, no judicious commander allows neutrals to remain in his camp longer than is prudent.

Come, should think that a cavalier of your honorable mark, who hath so long followed the valiant King of Sweden, would not hesitate to embrace the cause of King Charles.

Dalgetty.

You speak reasonably, my lord Mentieth, but there is a southern proverb, "Fine words butter no parsnips."Loyalty to King Charles is your password; but another child on the other side of the valley roars out for Parliament.

Which cause is the best I connot say, but sure am that I have fought knee-deep in blood for a cause that was ten times worse than either.

Montrose.

Under your lordship's favor, I think you could promise Captain

Dalgetty a command of Irish.

Dalgetty. {Brightening.) Ah!

I professyourlordship's servant has a sensible, natural, pretty idea of military matters.

Taking the affair into consideration, I will frankly own that if I like your pay as well as your provender and your company I care not how soon I take the oath.

Mentieth.

What think you, Anderson?

Montrose.

With your honor's permission, we shall need good soldiers to discipline our levies.

We could give the captain the rank of Major, with the pay that we have decided on for an officer of that rank.

Dalgetty.

Then, my lord, I am yours, body and soul, hand and sword, till death do us part, or to the end of the next campaign, whichever event shall first come to pass.

Menteith.

(Offering money.) And I rivet the bargain with a month's pay in advance.

Dalgetty.

Oh, it is more than is necessary.

(Hastily seizing and pocketing the motiey.) But I must now go down and look after my war-saddle and etceteras.

And this sacred relic (picking up headpiece) shall soon be in high feather.

[Exit.

Mentieth.

There goes your precious recruit.

I fear we shall have little credit of him.

Montrose.

He is a man of the times, however, and without such, we should scarcely be able to carry on the enterprise.

Enter Angus McAuley and Allan.

(Allan sits gloomily apart on bench.)

Mentieth.

Gentlemen, I hear a great noise in the castle. How does our muster thrive?

Angus.

The Southrons, Sir Miles Musgrave and Christopher Hall will be here within the hour.

Mentieth.

Hall and Musgrave!

The very men we wished to see.

Angus.

Troth, an'I wish I had ne'er set een on 'em;

for they'll harry me out of house and home.

Mentieth.

Why, Angus, you did not use to be so churlish;

they'll scarcely eat up all your cattle and provisions.

Angus.

I wouldn't care an'they did, on'that were the warst on't.

But this is a warse jobe—its nae less than a wager.

Mentieth. A wager!

Angus.

Ye sail be pleased then to know that when I was in England, I was stopping at the house of Sir Miles Musgrave, and there was putten on the table nae less than six condlesticks of solid silver.

Well, the English pock-puddings began to jeer me that we never saw the like in our own poor country; so I, scorning to have my country put down without a word for its credit, swore, like a gude Scotchman, that we had mair candlesticks and better candlesticks in our ain castle than were ever lighted in all Cumberland.

Mentieth.

That was patriotically said.

Angus.

Fary true.

But if you say anything among the Saxons that's out of the ordinary, they clink you down for a wager as fast as smith could hammer shoon.

So I took the wager rather than be shamed wi'the like o'them.

Mentieth.

Indeed, from my idea of your family plate, you are certain to lose the wager.

Allan.

(Rising.) Not so! No Saxon

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

dare hope that my brother will lose this or any other wager which it is his pleasure to lay.

I will order the hall prepared for the reception of these Southern guests.

[Exit.

Mentieth.

Well, Angus, the muster?

How do our highland clans respond?

Angus.

The McDonalds are here with a large attendance.

McLean has arrived with many followers; and Lochiel will be here in an hour with the Lord kens how many allies.

{Inter Allan.) The great barn is full o'them, the cowhouse and the sheds, and what the devil is to be done with the remainder

I know not.

Allan.

What needs all this?

Are the Gael of to-day of softer flesh and whiter blood than their fathers were?

Knock the head out of a cask of usquebae;

let that be their night-gear—their plaids their bed-clothes—the blue sky their canopy, and the heather their couch; the hunters who have made our clan so famous, will shortly return from the chase in the mountains, and there will soon be enough and to spare for all.

Angus.

Allan is right.

{Aside.) It is verra odd how Allan, who, between oursells, is a little crazed, seems, at times, to have more sense than us all put together.

Observe him now.

Allan.

{Staring at vacancy.) Yes, they may well begin as they are to end;

many a man will sleep this night upon the heath, that when the winter wind shall blow, will lie there stark enough, and care little of cold or lack of covering!

Angus.

Do not forspeak us, brother;

that is not lucky.

Allan.

And what luck is it, then, that you expect?

Angus.

For heaven's sake, Allan, say nothing to discourage us.

Allan. Am I he who discourages you?

Let every man face his weird as I shall face mine. That which must come, will come; and we shall stride gallantly over many a fair field of victory ere we reach yon fatal slaughter-place or tread yon sable scaffolds.

Mentieth.

What slaughter-place?

What scaffolds?

Allan.

You will know that too soon Speak to me no more.

I am weary of questions.

{Sits gloomily in reverie.) Angus.

Come away, his hour is on him, and he will not be controlled.

We will send Annot Lyle and the harp.

[Exit Angus and Montrose.

Mentieth.

By my honor, Allan, you will weary out your friends with this sullen humor.

But I know the reason.

You have not seen Annot Lyle to-day.

Allan.

{Sternly) Whom did you say I had not seen?

Mentieth.

Annot Lyle, the fairy queen of song and minstrelsy.

Allan.

Would to heaven I were never to see her again, on condition the same weird were laid on you.

Mentieth.

And why on me?

Allan.

Because it is written on your forehead that you are to be the ruin of each other!

( Turns away.) Enter Annot Lyle with harp.

Mentieth.

{Advancing tenderly to Annot.) Good morning, Annot.

You come among us like a sunbeam on a sullen sea.

My cousin Allan needs the assistance of your voice and music.

Annot.

My preserver has a right to my poor exertions, and you, too, my lord—you, too, are my preserver, and were the most active to save a life that is worthless enough unless it can benefit my protectors.

(She sits near Allan and sings.) SONG.

"The moon's wan crescent scarcely gleams.

Ghostlike she fades in morning beams;

Hie hence each peevish imp and fay,

That scare the pilgrim on his way—

Quench, kelpy! quench, in bog and fen Thy torch that cheats benighted men;

Thy dance is o'er, thy reign is done, For Benyieglo hath seen the sun.

"Wild thoughts, that sinful, dark and deep,

O'erpower the passive mind in sleep,

Pass from the slumberer's soul away, Like night-mists from the brow of day:

Foul hag, whose blasted visage grim

Smothers the pulse, unnerves the limb.

Spur thy darkpalfry, and begone!

Thou darest not face the godlike sun."

Allan.

(Rising.) Thank heaven, my

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

soul is no longer darkened—the mist hath passed from my spirit.

Mentieth.

You owe thanks, cousin Allan, to Annot Lyle for this happy change.

Half the highlands will be here to day.

What will you give little Annot for making you fit company for them?

Annot.

What will he give me?

Nothing less, I hope, than the best ribbon at the Fair of Doune.

Allan.

{Sadly.) The Fair of Doune, Annot?

There will be bloody work before that day and I may never see it;

but you have well reminded me of what

I have long intended to do.

[Exit.

Mentieth.

Should he talk long in this manner, you must keep your harp in tune, my dear Annot.

Annot.

I hope not, this fit has been a long one and will not soon return.

How fearful it is to see a mind, naturally generous, afflicted by such a malady.

Mentieth.

He is a strange compound of elements, is he not, Annot?

He walks in the house and in the country of his fathers, like a tamed lion, whom no one dares to contradict, lest they awaken his natural vehemence of passion.

Yet he is affectionate in his nature, too.

Annot.

Indeed he is.

He has always been very kind to me.

Mentieth.

Annot, he loves you.

Annot.

I know he does, my lord.

It is my most pleasant thought, that while others fear him, I can ever control his sullen humor and sooth his passion into calmness.

Mentieth.

You do not seem to understand me, Annot.

Annot.

Oh yes, my lord, I do.

Allan loves me.

He and you together saved me from the hands of a wild band of highland outlaws.

At first he disliked me, for he supposed I was a daughter of the clan he hated.

But we have lived here under his brother's roof, and he has not only forgotten his dislike, but has even learned to love me.

And you, my lord, who shared not in Allan's prejudice, have you not learned to love me too?

Mentieth.

Ah, Annot, your simple innocence leads you from my meaning.

( Taking her hand.) It is impossible for any one to be near you and not admire your grace and loveliness;

and of all others, I, to whom your sweet expressions of gratitude are so often given, am the most sensible of your affection.

Annot.

I am grateful for your kindness, my lord.

I am indebted to all who think well of me.

Enter Allan with small inlaid box.

Allan.

I take you to witness, Mentieth, that I give this box and its contents to Annot Lyle.

Annot.

But these ornaments belong to the family—I cannot accept

Allan.

They belong to me alone, Annot;

they were my mother's dying bequest.

They are all I own.

Take them—and keep them for my sake should I never return from this war.

In case of trouble and distress, dispose of them for your own support.

But keep one ring in memory of Allan, who has done, to requite your kindness, if not all he wished, at least all he could.

Annot.

One ring, Allan, I will accept from you as a memorial of your goodness to a poor orphan.

I cannot take more.

Allan.

Make your choice, then;

your delicacy may be well founded; the others will assume a shape which may be more useful to you.

Annot.

{Selecting a ring.) Think not of it; keep them for your bride.

But, good heavens! what is this that I have chosen?

Allan.

{Taking the ring) Ah, the Death's head {Drops the ring, which Mentieth picks up and restores to Annot.) I take God to witness that your hand, young lord, not mine, has again delivered to her this ill-omened gift.

Annot.

I fear no omens, and nothing coming from the hands of my two patrons can bring ill-fortune to the poor orphan.

{Puts the ring on her finger.)

Mentteth.

She is right, Allan, and you will gain nought by an attempt to I look into futurity.

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

Allan.

{Sternly.) She is wrong, my lord, though you may not live to see the event of the omen.

Mentieth.

{Somewhat hotly.) I care not for your visions, Allan,.

However short my life may be, no highland seer can see its end.

Annot.

( 7<? Mentieth) For heaven's sake, my lord, forbear.

You know his nature and how little he can endure Allan.

Fear me not, my mind is now calm.

But for you, young lord, my eye has sought you through fields of battle where the dead lay strewed as thick as ever the rooks on those ancient trees {pointing to window), but your corpse was not there—my eye sought you among a train of unresisting captives, drawn up to their death; flash after flash—platoon after platoon—they dropped like the dry leaves in autumn, but you were not among them.

Mentieth.

The gibbet then, I suppose, must be my doom.

Allan.

Your rank, my lord, will suffer no such dishonor.

Three times have I seen a Highlander plant his dirk in your bosom—and such will be your fate.

Mentieth.

I wish you would describe him to me.

I would endeavor to save him the trouble of fulfiling your prophecy.

Allan.

Your weapons would avail you little.

I cannot describe him, for the face of the vision has ever been averted from me.

Mentieth.

So be it, then.

I shall dine none the less merrily among plaids and dirks and kilts, to-day.

Allan.

I am thankful you enjoy these moments which to me are poisoned by auguries of future evil.

But I repeat to you that this weapon {looks at dagger with sudden tremor and hastily adds), that is, such a weapon as this, carries harm for you.

Mentieth.

In the meanwhile, you, Allan, have frightened the blood from the cheeks of Annot Lyle—Let us leave this discourse, my friend;

I am anxious to see your Highland candlestick.

[Exeunt.

Scene 11.—Dining hall in same castle.

A pretentious apartmentyeta rude one.

—Sconces on mantel and on walls at back to receive candles.—Walls hung -with targets, shields, claymores, guns, long bows, cross-bows,Lochaber axes, coals of plate armor, helmets, plaids, etc., in confusion.—Large oak table in centre, chairs on each side and at back.—Joints, Jlagons, etc., on table.—Behind each seat, is a Highlander in full costume with a blazing torch in his left hand, and a drawn sword, pointed downward, in his right.—

Lmpressive Scotch music continuing during entry of gentlemen and until Allan speaks.

Enter quickly Allan, followed, by Musgrave and Hall, Angus, Annot, Mentieth, Montrose and Dalgetty.

Allan. {Pointingwith sheathed broadszuord to table.) Behold, gentlemen cavaliers, the chandeliers of my brother's house, the ancient fashion of our ancient name;

not one of these men knows any law but his chief's command.

Would you dare to compare to them in value the richest ore that ever was dug from a mine?

How say you, cavaliers is your wager lost or won?

Musgrave.

{Gayly.) Lost, lost; my own silver candlesticks have gone to pay fellows not half so trusty as these.

Here, sir {to Angus), is your money.

It impairs our finances somewhat, but debts of honor must be paid.

Allan.

My father's curse on my father's son, if he receive one penny.

It is enough that you claim no right to exact from him what is his own.

Angus.

And now, Allan, please to remove your candles; for since the Saxon gentlemen have seen them, they will be satisfied with the old brass sconces which give not so much smoke.

Gentlemen, to your seats.

Highlanders exit in order, as servants enter bareheaded with candles, which they insert in sconces.—All come on during next few minutes and busy themselves as attendants.—Mentieth takes seat nearest audience.—Montrose stands in respectful attitude at his back azvaiting

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

permission to sit.—Allan stands at back of chairopposite Mentieth.—Dalgetty moves to take possession of that chair, when Allan siezes light from mantlepiece, and holding it to Dalgetty 's face, peruses it closely; he then makes a similar examination of Montrose's face.

Dalgetty.

{Coming down.) By my honor, I think that lad and I will know each other when we meet again, (is again about to scat himself when Allan siezes the arm of Montrose and hurries him into the seat opposite Mentieth.

Allan then hurls Dalgetty with such force to thefoot of table that he nearly or quite falls.

Dalgetty draws, and is about to fly at Allan, who, with folded arms, awaits his onset with scornful indifference.)

Mentieth.

( To Dalgetty—Rising and interposing.) He is mad, perfectly mad; there is no purpose in quarreling with him.

Dalgetty.

If your lordship isassured that he is non compos metitis, the which his behavior seems to testify, he can neither give affront to an honorable knight nor render him satisfaction.

[Sheathing sword.) Well, well, and to come over the Englishman so cleverly with the Highland torch bearers—it was a masterpiece—and to be a madman after all.

{Sits at table at back, where he continues to eat rapaciously after others have risen.

Distant horn heard.

All sit at table.

Highlanders stand around.) Angus.

{Back of table.) Gentlemen, the King's health, King Charles'health!

and may the parliamentary dog that refuses it, go to heaven with a high gallows and a short shrift.

{Bugle heard.) Ah, the hunters return from the chase {Song heard outside at back.) HUNTER'S SONG.

The cloud has gone frjm the mountain's crest,

The sun breaks over the lea, The deer drink deep at the streamlet's breast;

Let's oft to the hunt merrily.

The hind in her covert is lying, The stag lifts his head on the hill,

The breezes of morning are sighing,

Let'', merrily off with a will.

*9* CHORUS.

Sound for the hunt, mid crag and dell,

The morning grows apace;

The hounds are trembling under the spell,

Ho, for the chase—the chase!

The echoes shall ring over moor and mere.

From bugles loud and shrill;

Evening shall bring us a bonny red deer;

Let's off to the hunt with a will.

Away to the forest and fountain,

Away to the heathery glen, Our chase shall awaken the mountain,

And startle the deer in his den.—CHO.

Hall.

{To Angus.) McAulay, we have been summoned hither to decide a weighty matter.

Who shall lead us in this war upon Argyle.

McAulay.

My Lord Mentieth will tell the business of this council.

Mentieth.

{Rising.) Gentlemen, you well know the justice of our common cause.

I need not tell you how the selfish ambition of one individual, added to the fanaticism of five hundred pulpits, has spread a turbulence of treason among the lowlands of Scotland.

We have suffered by the intolerance and oppression of the haughty Argyle, and it is high time we diminished his sovereignty. For me,

I will support the cause with both life and fortune.

If you, who are as powerful, are equally prompt, I trust we shall deserve the thanks of the king and the gratitude of posterity.

{Applause—all rise.) Angus.

Thane of Mentieth, you have well spoken;

nor is there one of us in whose bosom these sentiments do not burn like fire.

But where is the royal commissioner under which we bear arms?

Musgrave.

Aye, and where a leader fit to command such men as we?

High born he must be—wise and skilful, temperate and brave.

Are you prepared, Lord of Mentieth, to say where such a general is to be found?

Allan.

There is but one, and here he stands.

{Lays his hand on the shoulder of Montrose, i Montrose.

( Throwing off his cloak and displaying his military dress.)

I did not long intend to be a silent spectator of this interesting scene.

Whether I

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

deserve the honor reposed in me by this parchment {produces paper) will best appear hereafter.

It is a commission under the great seal, to James Graham, Earl of Montrose, to command His Majesty's forces in this kingdom.

[Applause—cries of""a Montrose!""God save King Charles,"etc.

Allan retires to door.) Dalgetty.

{Obtrusively) By the honor of a cavalier, I am proud and happy in having to draw a sword under your lordship's command.

Allan.

{Advancing.) Room for an unexpected and unwelcome guest.

Enter Sir Duncan Campbell.

Duncan.

To which of this assembly am I to address myself as leader?

Montrose.

Address yourself to me, Sir Duncan Campbell.

Duncan.

To you Montrose.

Yes, to me—to the Earl of Montrose, if you have forgot him.

Duncan.

It is right that your lordship, as one who troubles

Israel, should have collected together these rash and misguided persons.

Montrose.

I have not troubled Israel, but thou and thy father's house.

Come you with tidings from your Chief of Argyle?

Duncan.

I do.

In the name of Marquis of Argyle,

I demand to know the meaning of this singular convocation If it is designed to disturb the peace of the country, it is but neighborly to give us some intimation to stand on our guard.

Montrose.

It is a new state of affairs in Scotland when men cannot meet without an inquisition on the part of our rulers, to know the subject of our conference.

Angus.

The times have been in Scotland when intruders dare not overspread us like a band of devouring locusts.

Duncan.

Are we to have a civil war in all its forms, or is it against my name that the preparations are directed.

Musgrave.

{Hotly.) I would ask one question of Sir Duncan, before he proceeds further in his daring catechism.

Has he brought more lives than one to this castle that he ventures among us for purposes of insult?

Montrose.

Gentlemen, patience.

Since Sir Duncan is so pressing, I can inform him that he is in an assemblage of the King's loyal subjects, convoked by me in His Majesty's name and authority.

Duncan.

Well, my lord, I shall be sorry to carry back the news to the Marquis of Argyle.

I have a charge from him that, to prevent unnecessary bloodshed, his lordship would arrange terms of truce to the north of the Highland line.

Montrose.

It is a peaceful proposal, and if we can obtain security—for that,

Sir Duncan is indispensable—that your Marquis will observe the terms with fidelity, we will grant the armistice.

(Sir Duncan bows assent.

Montrose and Mentieth go up and confer with

Musgrave, Hall, Angus and Highlanders.—Annot has been busying herself at various points as attendant and nozu passes near Sir Duncan, who surveys her attentively)

Duncan.

Can this, a creature so beautiful and elegant, be a domestic of your brother's establishment?

Allan.

By no means, she is a—

a near relative of our family—and treated as an adopted daughter of our father's house.

Duncan.

{Sighing.) But for that illfated day when the "Children of the Mist"burned our castle and stole away my lambs, I should be the proud father now to such a maid as she.

Allan.

Ah, Sir Duncan, though you are opposed to us in this present war, we have common cause against the miserable remnants of these Children of the Mist.

They have felt the weight of this arm to bloody purpose, but my vengeance knows no limit except extermination.

Duncan.

Nor would a lesser punishment compensate me for my losses. But,

Allan, I am grieved to see you, at your early age, engaged in this desperate and rebellious cause.

Allan.

{Loftily) I am young, yet

THE CRAN10LOG1STS PARADISE.

old enough to distinguish between right and wrong, between loyalty and rebellion.

Duncan.

May heaven judge between our motives and those of the movers of this terrible commotion.

Montrose.

(Advancing.) Amen! To that tribunal we all submit us.

(Aside to Allan.) Our highland friends refuse to a man to take this embassy to Argyle.

They are satisfied that he will wreak vengeance on whoever undertakes it.

Allan.

Then send our doughty captain of the Irish.

Montrose.

A capital expedient, for if we lose him, our loss is light.

Captain—I should say—Major Dalgetty, you will return to Inverary with Sir Duncan.

Dalgetty.

And how does this Marquis keep faith with his ambassadors, my lord?

Montrose, You run no great risk, most worthy Major, inasmuch as you have no estate of which he can despoil you.

Dalgetty.

But I have a neck, though, and what if he chooses to avenge himself on that?

But it shall never be said that I disobeyed orders when my pocket contained a month's pay in advance, and I will fulfil your majesty's commission in defiance of both gibbet and sword.

end of ACT I.

THE CRANIOLOGIST'S PARADISE.

The many repositories of human remains existing in various places on the continent present a most interesting field for the researches of the scientific, and to none a richer one than to the phrenologist.

The pious labors of the monks of the middle, and even earlier ages, in preserving relics of the departed in their numerous cloisters and institutions, and which are still kept with a superstitious veneration in churches and cathedrals by their successors, are now being made available.

In such collections Carl Vogt and other distinguished researchers have directed the phrenoanthropologist to an important mission—the solution of the problem of the character of unrecorded or geological peoples.

To our race the ancient European remains are, of course, the most valuable, as from them are we, to a great extent, descended, and from them we can tell almost the exact mass of our intellectual development.

In this respect the collections of the Catacombs of Paris and Rome may indeed be considered rare treasures.

The former has already been examined by Vogt, and astonishing proofs for the truth of the historical development of the brain found.

Another collection, probably the most interesting of any on the whole continent, more especially because of the legends and history connected with it, is in the curious old church at Cologne, dedicated to Saint Ursula and the eleven thousand virgins—which, having visited, we introduce to our readers "A Craniologist's Paradise,"though our description may not claim to be in every sense a scientific investigation.

The title is not inapplicable, though the scene which is presented to the eye on entering the gloomy building is rather more calculated to conjure up visions other than paradisial.

It was somewhat late in the afternoon as I entered the edifice of skulls.

Mass had just been celebrated, and, though a week day, I met many people coming away who appeared perfectly unconcerned at the many death-relics around them.

I stood on one side of a kind of lobby, in order to allow the crowd of worshipers—the poor, the lame, the halt to pass, when my gaze was riveted upon the walls around me.

In iron-grated compartments a vast number of skulls were seen through the dust-covered glass panes which enclosed them, while nearly one entire wall, instead of being plastered with ordinary cement, was completely covered with a sort of in-

THE CRANIOLOGIST'S PARADISE.

laid work of human bones arranged in a most curious manner.

An old priestlike guide came and offered his services in going through the church, and led me into the centre aisle, where were other cage-like compartments let into the masonry also containing skulls, one appearing between each grating.

These cases, numbering about twenty, almost entirely surrounded the body of the church, each containing about twentyfour skulls.

In two opposite side-aisles were four larger cases containing each one hundred and twenty skulls.

On each side of the choir were five cases, and still others stood in different parts of the church.

Besides these were colossal stone urns, one of which measured fifteen feet long by six broad and seven or eight feet high, filled completely with human bones.

On the top of one of these were placed the statues of two early bishops of the church, like guardians over the sacred relics.

Our guide was full of the history of the place, mixing legend and fact and history at every point, and, after showing us an incalculable number of skulls and bones, said that sacred remains were also buried in great quantity under the very pavement.

"How many skulls do you suppose are contained in the church?"I asked.

"At least eighteen hundred,"he replied, "but the bishops of the church have presented many hundreds to other churches.

Many have been sent into Switzerland, France, England, and also America, there to be preserved as mementoes of the saints.""The number of skulls,"I said, "would appear to vouch for the truth of the legend connected with St. Ursula.

Do you really believe the truth of it, and that these are the skulls of St. Ursula and her eleven thousand virgins?""Certainly,"he answered, "and I will give you a true account of them.

With this he handed me a neat little pamphlet, written by a priest of the church, containing the legend, or rather legends—for there are many versions and which I can not do better than communicate here before we proceed further. We give the two chief ones in the order in which we find them:

"St.

Ursula, according to the legend of Surius (written before iiii), was born in Great Britain, of Christian parents.

King Dionetus Maurus was her father and Daria was her mother.

Ursula was both virtuous and beautiful;

she drew upon herself the admiring gaze of all the surrounding princes; and

Agrippinus, a neighboring king, would fain secure her for his son Conanus.

But Ursula had in the tenderest years of her maidenhood affianced herself to God, and she therefore opposed the proffered marriage with the heathen Conanus, rightly fearing that the union would stain the purity of her faith and hinder her in the fulfilment of her religious duties.

She was firmly determined not to marry him, and should misfortune thereby come upon her father's house and people, the wrath of the haughty and powerful King Agrippinus would not influence her.

But, in the midst of her anxiety, a vision came to her aid in a dream, in consequence of which she declared her willingness to marry, with the condition, however, that three years should first elapse; that she should be allowed to choose ten companions from among the most honorably descended maidens of the land, and that she herself and each of her ten selected companions should be accompanied by a retinue of a thousand female companions, for whom a flotilla of eleven three-oared ships should be placed at disposal.

"When the flotilla was ready, the pilgrims started from their homes, and were engaged for some time, to the great amusement of the court and people, in pleasure excursions along the English coast.

But Ursula did not thereby neglect to exhort her followers to the service of Christ.

Meanwhile as the time appointed for her marriage with Conanus was fast approaching, there arose (in answer to the fervent prayers of the young women) a violent storm, which drove the flotilla upon the coast of Holland.

Ursula now appears to have determined to go to Rome, and

THE CRAN10LOG1STS PARADISE.

the pilgrims were fortunately enabled to commence their journey up the Rhine.

From Cologne to Basle the journey was prosperous; everywhere they were kindly received, and, in the latter city, upon the invitation of Bishop Pantalus, they left their ships and were conducted by him across the Alps, and at last reached Rome in safety.

Here they visited the graves of the martyrs.

Many who had not yet been received into the bosom of the holy church, now, seized with powerful emotion, longed after Christian instruction and holy baptism.

"Inspired with the consolations of Christianity, the virgins now left Rome, accompanied by Cyriacus and many others.

After reaching Basle, the company descended the valley of the Rhine as far as Mayence.

Here they found Conanus, who had hastened in pursuit of his bride, having followed the example of the virgins by embracing Christianity and being baptized by Pantalus, and receiving the name of Etherius.

The entire band now descended the river to Cologne, and, as they were about to land, they were fallen upon by barbarian hordes, and Ursula, who refused to break her vows at the bidding of the Huns, was pierced by an arrow, and all her companions horribly mutilated."Such is one tradition connected with the skulls;

The date of this occurrence is not at all defined.

Some place it in the year 237,. others 383, and more in 451.

Another report, resting upon the account of Galfried, of Monmouth, who wrote a history of Britain in 1130, is said to have been discovered in the Vatican in the middle of the twelfth century, and was believed to contain the original Ursula history.

It is contained in the brevier of the Benedictines:

"After the time of the Emperor Gratian, a Christian and son of the Emporer Valentinian, who succeeded his father from 37S to 383, and was then murdered by Andragathio, Maximus'general;

and after Flavius Clementius Maximus, commander of the Roman legion stationed in Great Britain, had been proclaimed emperor by the rebellious soldiery, and had usurped the chief control, he sent troops to Gallia (Gaul), where the people had been enemies of Gratian, but where they found a friendly reception.

It came to pass that Maximus held this dominion.

The colonists of the country were then driven off, and the fruitful lands divided among the soldiers who had been brought over from Great Britain.

Regulus, commander of the British, by the advice of Conanus, a chief of the army, sent an ambassador to England with the mission to demand as many young maidens as would be necesssry to marry with the military colony.

The inhabitants of Great Britain received the request favorably; they saw that by consenting they would gain the good-will ot the Emperor, and that their daughters were likely to fare well with the soldiers now made rich by gifts of land.

So a number of young maidens, corresponding to the number of the military colony, were selected.

"The highest among them was Ursula, daughter of Dionetus, King of Cornubia (Cornwall).

She was engaged to marry Conanus, a chief of the British cohorts in the service of Maximus.

The gathering place of the maidens was London, where they were brought against their will upon ships, which, as they left the haven, were steered toward the land of the Armoricans (the ancient name of the Gallic provinces), but were driven upon the German coast.

The Huns, whom the Emperor Gratian had called to his aid against Maximus, had now possessed themselves of this part of the country.

The word, Huns, here is not astonishing, for all barbarous people who broke into the circle of the Roman sphere received the by-name of 'Huns,'as did the Alanis, the Ambrons, and the

Picts; although the name 'Huns'is only applicable to those who about the year 372 left the Sea of Azov, overran Hungary, and first pressed forward toward the Rhine under their leader, Attila, about the year 451.

These barbarous hordes fell upon the band led by Ursula, which, in order to preserve their virgin

35o THE CRANIOLOGISTS PARADISE.

purity—the most precious treasure of their hearts—showed undaunted courage.

All were murdered.

The inhabitants of Cologne interred the corpses of the holy virgins amid the greatest honors.

The Christian world celebrates the memory of their laudable conflict with ever-renewed splendor on the 21st of October.

One of the virgins, Cordula, seized with fear at the nearness of death, hid herself in the ship's hold, but full of regret and encouraged by the heroic example of her fellow-pilgrims, bid defiance to death, and on the following morning was also murdered."Which of these legends is the true one, we can not say.

It is merely our intention to state them as we find them.

My companion was evidently of the firm belief that the former contained more evidences of truth;

at any rate, it better suits the tendencies of saint-worship introduced by the early monks throughout

Europe.

But we will leave them for the present and follow our old guide; who after pointing out the various relics in different parts of the church, finally halted before a most beautiful marble monument a little to one side of the centre aisle.

This was St.

Ursula's monument.

It is of exquisite workmanship;

the base of black marble, with white slabs on the side, while on the top rests the form, cut in pure white marble, of the saint herself.

She is clothed in queenly robes, fastened by a delicate clasp upon a slightly elevated breast, while her hands are placed in a gentle attitude of repose.

The face is delicately chiseled and idealistic. A mass of wavy hair falls upon the cushion on which her form reposes, a crown is placed upon her head, while at her feet sits a white dove—emblem of innocence.

The name of the artist is also engraved.

J.

F. W. Lentz Crane, it appears, was for a long time an ambassador of the Emperor in Cologne, and he and his wife became distinguished for their many good deeds.

He was born in the Protestant faith, but afterward joined the Roman Catholics and became zealous in their behalf.

The dove sitting at the feet of the saint has also its history, commemorating, it is said, the appearance of a white dove in the church and its alighting upon the head of Bishop Cunibert (626-668) while he was celebrating mass, and afterward flying around the church, and at last resting upon one of the graves of the virgins.

This spot is now covered with the beautiful monument to

St. Ursula, as the bird was then regarded a heaven-sent messenger to point out the exact part of the church in which she lay.

The same event is also recorded in a fresco in the choir and in other paintings.

Indeed the latter are quite a feature, and the walls are almost encircled with them.

Commencing with a series of old German paintings on slate (1224), and intended to represent the twelve apostles, that remind us of the state of Abyssinian art, we pass in review a number which our guide tells us are "historical paintings, giving a true account of the life, voyages, and death of the virgins."The first series, to the number of about twenty of these, extend around the choir, the closing scene ot which is the maytyrdom of Ursula, pierced by an arrow, as she stands erect in her boat.

The most remarkable feature in a second series is the great size of the heads of all the sainted band in proportion to their bodies.

Ursula's is a life-size statue placed beneath the organ; a queenly, ideal figure, with robe and crown, pierced in her bosom by an arrow, from the wound of which trickle drops of blood.

Leaving the body of the church, passing through a curious lobby, among immense stone urns or coffins, supposed to be filled with bones, we come to the climax of the whole collection—the treasures of the Golden Chamber. Amid this confusion of skulls, bones, urns, and relics, we begin to feel—or at least ought to—the "holy awe which is inspired by the place.

The voice of the past here raises itself powerfully and beats admonishingly upon the ear; even the cold, lifeless stone speaks to us and discloses its safe testimony of the deeds of antiquity."We are now fairly within the goal of our paradise—a room about

THE CRANIOLOGIST'S PARADISE.

35i the size of a large parlor, but lofty and paved with stone.

The tinsel magnificence and death-like relics here brought together—many hundreds of skulls in rows in a high case covering an entire side of the room, on the opposite side gilded and silvered busts with other skulls, and an entire wall covered with inlaid work of human bones—form a surprising contrast to the many beautifully ornamented curiosities arranged on tables, and to which our guide first draws attention.

To describe them all would require a moderate-sized pamphlet.

The largest shrine, of exquisite workmanship, church-like in shape, with forms of bows and arrows enameled thereon, is said to contain the body of St.

Ursula herself, upon which, however we were not permitted to gaze.

In a cylinder with crystal ornaments is contained, it is said, some of the blood of the virgins, together with a particle of the staff of Christ.

In a similar case are particles of the garment and linen of St.

Ursula, while close by is her right arm, now shrivelled and brown, in an unornamented glass cylinder.

Her foot is contained in a beautiful little ivory case, on which are artistically carved events from the history of her life.

The very arrow with which her breast was pierced by the wretched barbarians—the iron head of which is now nearly rusted off—and her hair-net are preserved in an ivory case of antique workmanship, while a mass of earth mixed with sainted blood is contained, like numerous other relics, in crystal-ornamented cases.

All contained something supposed to have had a slight connection with the holy bandone article being thus entitled:

"The ring of St. Ursula, on which is a still unknown writing, but in the highest degree probably the name of St. Ursula and Etherius."But the Golden Chamber is not alone devoted to relics relating to the Ursula band.

Here are to be found sacredly preserved a few particles from the crown of thorns once worn by Christ.

Here, too, is one of the pitchers that once did service at the marriage feast at Cana, in which water was turned into wine, the handle of which is wanting, but which, we are told, is still preserved in the Notre Dame at Paris.

This article is of alabaster, and a "reliable eye-witness who went to Cana assures us (the proprietors of the curiosity) that there are only five of these vessels still in Cana, and this sixth, in the Golden Chamber, has the greatest resemblance to them."

Here stands beside it a tooth that once did good service for St. Appolonia.

But—how much to be regretted—we are told that the most curious and interesting articles were earlier given away or abstracted from the church.

One of the pieces of silver, for which Judas betrayed his Master, was taken away by one of the last electors of Cologne, an irredeemable collector of coins.

But the anger of St. Ursula was invoked upon the sacreligious wretch, and he was compelled to reimburse the treasury of the church to the extent of twenty thousand dollars, a poor recompense for such a treasure.

Even as late as 1837, some one stole what represented a particle of the cross of Christ and a piece of the purple cloth worn by him in the house of Pilate.

The greatest treasures of all are contained in the richly ornamented glass cases upon a table reached, throne-like, by ascending a few steps.

These are a few of the skulls-elect, and have been more beautifully ornamented than any of the six hundred and twelve contained in the cases of the Golden Chamber.

Turning to my guide, I asked him to point out to me the skull of St. Ursula herself.

I doubt very much whether the ancient monks, or even those of to-day, know the skull of a man from that of a woman, and I had almost imagined that I would find a masculine one palmed oft as the true Ursula.

But my preconceptions were false.

Only a very small portion of her skull is preserved and encased in a diadem of highest worth.

There is probably some truth in the^ legend after all, I thought, but I was happily disturbed in my thought by my old spiritual friend.

"This is a part of the holy Ursula's skull,"said he, with

THE CRANIOLOGLST'S PARADISE.

becoming gravity, "the other parts are lost, but this is from the back part of her head"—and he placed his hand to his own in explanation.

The only portion of the skull preserved is that which represents the region of Philoprogenitiveness, Conjugal Love, Inhabitiveness and

Friendship, tapering up and reaching a large development in the two latter organs.

The disappointment at not finding the whole of St. Ursula's skull was, however, somewhat lessened by the number of those of her companions and of priests and bishops once connected with the church or procured as relics from other places. The most of these, however, are unknown in history, and a description of them would only prove tedious.

I will enumerate merely a few.

There is the skull of St. Etherius, bridegroom of St.

Ursula;

of St.

Cordula;

St.

Jacobus, patriarch of Antioch and a martyr of the band of St. Ursula; of St. Pantalus, first bishop of Basle; St. Benedicta, a duchess and commander of a cohort of the saintly legion, who had the misfortune to have her skull split into two portions;

St. Ursula, the second, a niece of the real saint on which some hair yet remains; St. Berthima, anegress; St. AureIius, king of Sardinia; besides cardinals archbishops, bishops, priests, dukes and soldiers.

In each of the one hundred and twenty gilded or silvered busts placed around the Golden Chamber is to be found one skull, many of these, it is said, being decorated with "precious stones."These busts appear to have been specially made for the purpose of containing the relics.

The features represented on them are of one type, though some remarkable physiognomies of ecclesiastical persons are observable.

The large glass-fronted case, occupying an entire side of the room, contained the already mentioned six hundred and twelve.

The lower part of each skull was covered with decayed red velvet, tastefully worked with beads (pearl), said to have been done by the nuns of a neighboring cloister some hundreds of years ago.

This is not at all improbable, and doubtless it was a religiously imposed task to them.

But could not help thinking now much of their labor had probably been spent upon skulls of the "infidel Huns,"as there were certainly many that had little similarity to the woman-type.

To describe an individual among this mass, however, would be no criterion for the whole.

I obtained permission to take down a few of the dusty relics, and took the opportunity of measuring them. The result was an average of less than twenty and a quarter inches, with but little variation.

Some came below twenty, and others reached twenty and a halfonly one going higher.

An exact measurement, however, was very difficult owing to the velvet decoration of the skulls, allowance for which would reduce the above measurements about half an inch.

The average then would be less than twenty inches.

The excessive size of the organ of Caution, as found in the majority of the skulls, would appear to harmonize with the generally accepted popular tradition in Cologne of a Hun massacre.

One of the very oldest traditions plainly indicates that these people, under their leader, Attila, were the perpetrators of a massacre as they flew in great disorder toward the Rhine after the battle of Chalons in 451.

The inhabitants, especially the women, fled in masses before the unbridled hordes, and the Roman Catholic writers have made many endeavors to bring the appearance of St.

Ursula and her train in Cologne to correspond with this time.

Popular tradition has much in its favor, although the other legend can not be positively refuted.

A street near to the church is called the Htinnenriicken-strasse (Huns'back street), where, it is supposed, the backs of the Huns were last seen as they went away.

We trust the time is not far distant when these relics shall be thoroughly examined by scientific phreno-ethnologists.

Professor Owen is said to have detected the bones of animals among those that are kept in the church, but he certainly could not find other than human skulls.

"WADE OUT AND SWIM JiACk'.""For how much will you sell a few of these skulls?"I asked of my friendly guide. The old man asked me to repeat this question, overcome, I believe, by its apparent audacity.

"Will you sell me a few of these old skulls?"I remarked again.

"I am much interested in the legend and your church, and would like to preserve them as mementoes of my visit."The old priest drew back in astonishment.

"Sell them!

Sell them! Why, sir, we can not—we dare not!

Just let me read you our order, and which we dare not disobey: 'No one, whatever his stand ing may be, even be he clothed in archbishop's robes, dare sell the relics of the holy Ursula—neither sell nor buy, under penalty of excommunication.'We never sell them,"he repeated, "but the bishop of the church has the power to give them away."Fearing that my mission to the bishop would not prove successful, I failed to prosecute the task.

I now offered to pay my kind old guide for his trouble.

His regular fee was about twenty -five cents.

I offered him a trifle for himself, which, however, he firmly refused.

I must have detained him for above an hour, as the shadows were already stealing into the old dismal walls. The Golden Chamber, which appeared so tinselly on my entrance, had assumed a cold and gloomy appearance, brightened only by the reflected gleam of the gilded busts in the twilight.

We returned into the body of the church among its stone-cased relics and caged skulls.

The old priest-guide reverently bowed as we passed under Ursula's form.

I glanced up to her beautiful countenance, and once more wandered around the attractive objects.

At last I bid my guide adieu, for we could no longer see distinctly—only the gray skulls through their dismal grating—and

I breathed freer again when we emerged into the lighted streets and left behind ^t. Ursula, her saints and the Golden Chamber.

Phren. Journal.

"WADE OUT AND SWIM BACK."The disposition of some young speakers, and old ones too, as for that, to launch out upon subjects beyond their depth, received a salient hit from a member of the Salt Lake Stake home missionary corps.

Some impractical questions having arisen in regard to things in the great hereafter, that are wisely withheld from the knowledge of mortal men, for the reason that they can in no manner affect their interests here, the usual amount of discussion followed, one person taking certain grounds and laboring in great mysticism to prevail on the remainder to see his points with the same muddy clearness in which they were exhibited to him.

Another expressed his astonishment that so good and experienced a man could be so ignorant upon a matter that he supposed everybody perfectly understood.

He then proceeded at great length to explain how the thing really was.

His theory was opposed to that of the last speaker and was consequently very much more tenable, as it exhibited all the phases of what might seem an obscure and but partially fathomed subject in such unmistakable luminosity that the most obtuse mind could not fail to grasp the whole situation and comprehend the full purport and meaning of the most ambiguous expressions, relating to its elucidation.

At this point in the discussion Brother

Miner G. Atwood, who had received about as much of that kind of light on the matter as he could stand, observed, that the enlightened remarksof those who had attempted to clear up the clouds which had ever completely obscured the subject from his understanding, and did yet, reminded him of an incident in his boyhood:

His father's family lived on the banks of a river, in which he and his brothers usually went in swimming in the summer time.

One day his father came along as the boys were going in, and, looking out upon the dark, broad stream, called the boys and said to them, "Boys, it's safer to wade out, and swim back!"

It is to be hoped that young speakers who read this, when they are tempted to soar away into the mysteries, will remember that "it's safer to wade out and swim back."

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, June, 1884.

LOGAN TEMPLE.

The completion and dedication of the

Logan Temple is an event in the history of the Church,which was looked forward to with peculiar interest by the Saints, and will be long remembered by them.

The labor of seven years—the dedication occurring on the seventh anniversary—as it was nearing the end, was with pleasure reviewed by the laborers, and their satisfaction seemed complete.

They had not only given time and means to the construction of an elegant building, but the character of the growing edifice being sacred to them made their labor an act of religious devotion, which has not failed to advance and develop the religious character of those engaged in it.

Those who have contributed to the building of temples have this feeling;

that their means is well bestowed, that their offering is of the highest and best that men can make, and that it meets the approval of heaven.

In a peculiar degree has this sentiment been experienced by the Saints in building and dedicating to the Lord the temple at Logan.

There had been taken, from its commencement, the liveliest interest in the work.

All faithful Saints saw the advantage it would be to have a house, in which the ordinances of the Church could be administered, so conveniently located, in the midst of a populous, thriving district, easily accessible to tens of thousands of the people.

That portion of the community embraced in the Logan Temple district have gladly contributed of their substance, sharing liberally the proceeds of their prosperity, in furthering the work.

And again the testimony is borne that with all they have thus given, there appears to be no diminution.

This is ever the experience of those who contribute to the work of God.

Tithe payers and workers in the vineyard never suffer loss in this world's goods from their devotion.

The following description of the temple and its surroundings is from the Utah Journal:

"This beautiful and magnificent building stands upon a plateau or bench in the eastern part of Logan City, at an elevation of about ninety feet above the

Tabernacle square, and four thousand six hundred and fifty feet above the level of the sea.

Its site is remarkably fine, commanding a view of Cache county from the mountains of Paradise on the south, to Marsh Valley, in Idaho, on the north, a distance of sixty miles;

and from its towers may be seen Providence, Millville, Hyrum, Paradise, Wellsville, Mendon, Newton, Oxford, Lewiston, Smithfield, Hyde Park and Benson.

Clarkston, Franklin and Richmond are hidden by intervening hills.

When President Brigham Young came to locate the site for the building, he remarked that it was the finest situation for a Temple that he knew of or had seen in all his travels—an opinion universally endorsed by all who have come to inspect the building since its commencement.

The view from the towers is one of unsurpassed loveliness, embracing not only the quiet charm of villages and fields lying so peacefully beneath the eye of the observer, but the grandeur and sublimity of the glorious old mountains.

Eastward rises the giant range of the Wasatch, retaining a general elevation of from eight thousand to twelve thousand feet above sea level;

in the extreme south stands Mt. James, named in honor of David James, former Bishop of Paradise, with an elevation of twelve thousand; in the southwest, and towering above Mendon and Wellsville is 'Logan Peak,'as named on the U.

S.

Geological Survey Maps, nine thousand six hundred and sixty feet high, and 'Ogden Peak,'rising above Willard City,

EDITORIAL.

with an elevation of twelve thousand six hundred feet.

"In May, 1877, President Brigham Young and Counselors, with several of the Apostles, came to Logan to select a location and dedicate the ground.

On Wednesday, May 16th, and the forenoon of May 17th, surveyors Jesse W. Fox and James H. Martineau surveyed the foundation, and on Thursday, May 17th, at noon, ground was broken in presence of the First Presidency and Twelve and a large assemblage of the Saints, Apostle ( )rson Pratt offering the dedicatory prayer. About May 21st, Charles O. Card was appointed by President Young, superintendent of construction of the temple, to act under the direction of the

Apostles residing in this temple district, which comprised Cache, Box Elder, Bear

Lake and Rich counties.

"Excavation for the foundation began on May 28th, 1877, and on the twentieth of July rock laying commenced on the 'extension,'a wing or building on the north side of the temple, designed for furnace room, kitchen, office and reception rooms, eighty by thirty-six feet, and twenty-three feet high.

"The laying of the corner-stones of the temple was regarded as a most auspicious and important event, and thousands of Latter-day Saints turned out to witness the impressive ceremonies of the occasion.

They were laid September 19th, 1877; the southeast corner-stone by President John Taylor, Apostle Franklin D.

Richards offering the dedicatory prayer;

the southwest corner-stone was laid by Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter, with prayer by his First Counselor, Leonard W. Hardy;

the northwest corner-stone was laid by George L. Farrell, President of the High

Priests'Quorum of Cache Stake, with dedicatory prayer by Moses Thatcher,

President of the Stake; and the northeast corner-stone by Albert P. Rockwood, one of the Seven Presdients of Seventies, with prayer by Horace S.

Eldredge, also one of the Seven Presidents of Seventies.

As each cornerstone was laid those who officiated made remarks appropriate to the occasion, which was one longed to be remembered.

"The temple is one hundred and seventy-one feet long, ninety-five feet broad, and sixty-eight feet to the square, with an octagon tower one hundred feet high at each corner, and a large square tower at each end, the western one, one hundred and sixty-five feet high, and the eastern, one hundred and seventy feet to top of vane.

Massive buttresses strengthen the walls, and the masonry is a model of good, substantial workmanship.

"The rock used for the building was brought from the mountains near Logan, and is a very hard, dark colored fucoid sandstone, so called from the great abundance of that marine plant found in the rock.

Considerable limestone from near Hyde Park was used for the arches and sides of the openings for doors and windows; and a large quantity of light buff sandstone from near Franklin,

Idaho, was cut for water tables, string courses and caps on the battlements and towers.

All hauling of rock sand and lime was paid for by weight as received, thus ensuring strict justice to every one according to his labors.

This system of paying for each load according to its weight was a source of great saving, and had previously been adopted in the building of the Logan Tabernacle.

"The quarries, from which the bulk of the stone contained in the walls was obtained, are situated about five miles northeast of Logan, in what is known as

Green Canyon.

These quarries were originally opened for the purpose of obtaining stone for the walls of the Logan Tabernacle, and the bulk of the stone used in that building is the same as the bulk of the stone used in the temple.

It is exceedingly hard and durable, and will last for ages.

It is too hard and brittle to be cut into accurate shapes.

No attempt to do this was made, and the walls are common rubble work, except of course the corners, arches, etc.

"The lime used in the mortar with which the walls are laid, was made at

EDITORIAL, the temple kiln in Logan canyon, about four miles from the city.

It makes a remarkably hard, flinty mortar, and a rubble wall of the stone used in the temple, laid with mortar in which this lime is used, becomes practically a solid mass of flinty stone.

The walls are pointed, and painted with a white paint to which a little red color was added, and their tint may be described as a light, pale pink.

It is an exceedingly beautiful, chaste and delicate color.

"The workmanship of the interior of the building is all first-class. An eastern architect, who some time ago visited the building, pronounced some of the carpenter work in it equal to anything he ever saw in his life.

The floors are all painted a pure white, and in all, or nearly all, the rooms are covered with home-made rag or Utah made ingrain carpets.

Some of the rooms are richly ornamented with gilding, and in some of the apartments the ceilings are marvels of chaste and elegant design and finish.

There are practically five stories in the building, and the stairways leading from story to story are situated in the octagon towers at the four corners of the building.

The building is heated throughout by steam, there being steam radiators in every or nearly every apartment.

The main room in the building, usually termed the Assembly Room, is one hundred and four feet long and eighty feet wide, and it is claimed that it will contained fifteen hundred persons, though its seating capacity, when only comfortably filled, is said to be considerably less than that number.

"Many of the workmen labored weeks and even months on donation.

Most of them, however, were paid ordinary wages.

Some were paid by the wards they represented, and others by the temple, in such pay as it could command, or as was turned in on donation.

John Parry was master mason until the mason work had advanced far towards completion, when he died, and was succeeded by

William Williams.

James Quayle was the master carpenter, T. O.

Angell, Jun., was the architect, and C.

O. Card, the superintendent of construction, who had charge and oversight from the beginning of the multifarious affairs connected with the work on the building.""The entire block on which the Temple stands belongs to it, with the exception of the lot in the southwest corner.

Thus the temple grounds comprise seven acres in all, and they are being laid out in walks, lawns, flower beds, etc., and will in time become very handsome as the ornamental trees and shrubbery have time to grow.

The dedicatory services were held on

Saturday, the seventeenth of May. They were very impressive.

The seating of the Priesthood in the appropriate stands and filling of the seats in the body of the Assembly Room was conducted with the best of order, and the entire service carried on in the pure benign spirit of our holy religion, which filled every heart and gave to all the happy testimony that God approved their labor, accepted their offering and was well pleased with their coming together to worship Him in the house which they had built for Him.

There were present of the authorities of the Church the following:

First Presidency: John Taylor, George

Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith.

Apostles: Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo

Snow, Erastus Snow, Franklin D. Richards, Albert Carrington, Moses Thatcher,

George Teasdale, H.

J. Grant, John W.

Taylor, Daniel H. Wells.

Patriarch John Smith and others.

Presiding Bishopric: W.

B.

Preston, L. W. Hardy, R. T. Burton.

Presidency of Stakes:

L.

J.

Nuttall, Kanab;

J. D. T. McAllister, St. George;

J. W. Crosby, Jr., Panguitch;

Franklin Spencer, Sevier;

J.

B. Maiben, Sanpete;

Wm. Paxman, Juab; A. O. Smoot, Utah;

J.

R. Murdock, Beaver; Hugh Gowans,

Tooele; A. M. Cannon, Salt Lake; L. W-

Shurtliff, Weber;

A.

Hatch, Wasatch;

W. W.

Cluff, Summit; W.

G.

Smith, Morgan;

the new presidency of the Cache Valley Stake: Charles O. Card, M. W. Merrill and Orson Smith.

Presidents of quorums, bishops and all orders of the Priesthood were numerously represented.

'STAGE STRUCK:

The services were repeated on Sunday, die eighteenth, and again on Monday, the nineteenth, to afford opportunity for all to be present.

The dedicatory prayer was read from manuscript, the first day by President Taylor, then in turn by each of his counselors.

The remarks made by the brethren were brief, but full of the fire of the Holy Ghost.

The following were the speakers at the three days'services in the Temple President John Taylor, George Q. Cannon, Joseph F.

Smith, Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, Erastus Snow, Franklin D. Richards, Albert

Carrington, Moses Thatcher, George Teasdale, Daniel H. Wells, Jacob Gates,

W. B. Preston and Milo Andrus.

The singing by the choir was very sweet and full of harmony; the hymns having been composed for the occasion.

"STAGE STRUCK.""To wake the soul by tender strokes of art,

To raise the genius and to mend the heart,

To make mankind, in conscious virtue bold,

Live o'er the scene and be what they behold;

For this the tragic muse first trod the stage, Commanding tears to stream through every. But few young persons of emotional temperament, whose fairy god-mothers permitted them to open their eyes within reasonable distance of a theatre, have passed the adolescent period without experiencing the sensation more accurately than elegantly termed "stage struck."To us it came early, whether for the reason that we were peculiarly favored in having an actor for a father, a maternal guardian who would rather have us die than follow that far in his footsteps, or a disposition embodying the essential elements of a stage hero's mentality, we cannot say;

though that these agencies were unitedly active in moulding the bent of our inclination, is by no means improbable.

But certain it is that at an age when the tendrils of character begin to climb after the destinies of life, we were thoroughly imbued with an ardent love for the dramatic profession.

It was at a time when the drama here was young, when dried peaches vied with the orchestra in killing time and tune between the acts, and the good, oldfashioned audience expected little and were never humiliated with a disappointment.

Passing over the many minor incidents common to the career of an embryo tragedian, we come to the subject of our reminiscence.

With a number of associates, likewise inflamed with the fire of the histrionic torch, and a burning desire to rival the glory of our elders in the "sock and buskin,"we set about the organization of a theatrical combination.

George B.

Waldron, at that time, was the star of the dramatic zenith, and among other "palpable hits"had set the town agog with his hair-straightening, blood-curdling impersonation of "The Jibbenainosay"in the celebrated border drama, "Nick of the Woods."Of course we had all seen it, or most of us had, for, though doorkeepers in those days felt more the dignity of their positions than now—there being in their minds, with the exception of the CityCouncil, no higher authorities in existence—and were even cruelly punctilious in the observance of their duties and small boys, yet, when obstacles intervene to the accomplishment of a cherished object, boys, like men, though at first "made upright,"will seek out "many inventions"to effect their purposes.

The result of seeing was a desire to imitate, and with a zeal felt but once in a lifetime, we set about the arrangement of preliminaries.

Knives, guns and tomahawks were the properties needed, and to supply which we organized and executed a raid on the old saw mill at the mouth of City Creek canyon, attacking the lath and shingles there with en-

"STAGE STRUCK:

thusiasm and jack knives, and gashing our fingers with more than Roman fortitude, to secure, in the absence of paint, a yet more realistic color for the gilding of our wooden weapons.

We had no written parts in those days.

It would have elevated our project to a literary basis we were not prepared to stand on.

Besides it was needless, as each juvenile Roscius, either through the auditory medium connecting the footlights and the "gallery of the gods,"or from unimpeachable testimony transmitted by his fellows who, by carrying water, had been permitted to witness the piece upon the "big stage,"was well up in his lines and "eager for the fray."So that the only thing which prevented the immediate production of "Nick of the Woods,"by a company strictly of home talent, was the want of a suitable arena for action.

The widow G—bbs'barn was centrally located and in various ways well adapted for a performance of the character we wished to present, there being, besides a number of old benches, a loft which would make an excellent dressing room, and a large double door on the west, which, as we played in the afternoon, when thrown open to the beams of the setting sun, admirably conveyed the idea of a burning Indian village.

After mature deliberation, it was decided that a committee wait upon the lady and ascertain the lowest possible terms on which the barn-yard premises of her estate might be utilized in the interests of progress and the drama.

In consideration of the object represented as in view—the encouragement of home talent, the purification of the stage and a desire to revive a taste for the legitimate drama, we were informed that the matter of rent was merely nominal, a ball of carpet rags, two flat-irons and a "creepy"hen being accepted as ample compensation for one matinee performance.

But a necessary stipulation was, that a cow, which occupied that part of the interior we designed using as a stage, should be allowed to remain in undisturbed possession of her situation.

Remonstrance was in vain, the widow autocrat was deaf to any modification of the treaty, and notwithstanding the plot of the play made no possible allowance for a cow in any of the scenes, we were compelled to smother our resentment and submit, but did so under solemn and united, though speechless, protest.

The occasion was the benefit of our head tragedian, a boy called "Bub,"who personated "Bloody Nathan, the Jibbenainosay;"a sort of enthusiast in theatrical matters, who, by common consent, was acknowledged the star, because his father played the flute in the big orchestra.

The admission was seven pins, to all parts of the house excepting the two front benches, which commanded a fine view of the cow and the "supes'"dressing room, for which superior advantages the extra charge of a tallow candle was not deemed exorbitant.

Although it was raining outside, early in the afternoon the auditorium was filled with lovers of the art histrionic, to say nothing of clouds of dust which sifted through the cracks in the board ceiling from the loft overhead, which, as before stated, was a dressing-room, used by the principals and the main stock company.

Joe P—tt had brought his father's paint down and was busily engaged in putting the facial touches to a tribe of ten

Indians in the lower dressing room; the orchestra, which consisted of Tom E—

k with a fiddle and another boy with an accordeon, was in the midst of a splendid overture, to which the cow, terrified by the "notes of dreadful preparation"going on in her immediate vicinity, contributed some very fine bass solos, and all were on the tiptoe of expectancy, when there arose a shriek from the lower dressing-room, "So loud and clear, It seemed the ear Of dusty death must wake and hear."

The cow, now thoroughly beside herself, broke from her fastenings, and plowing through the curtain, leaped over the reserved seats and made a hasty exit by the front door, the ticket-taker allowing her to pass with as much readiness as if she had been a reporter on a

"STAGE STRUCK:'daily paper. The overture was of course completely drowned in the pandemonium that followed, or would have been had the performers attempted to finish it.

But the yells and screams were of short duration, quiet once more assumed the sceptre of supremacy, and all behind the scenes felt considerably gratified over the event which had taken place, since we were now rid of a serious embarrassment in the cow, the immediate result of whose absence was a corresponding enlargement in our stage room.

Everybody was now anxious to learn the cause of the murderous yell which had been the innocent source of such a blessing, and when it was ascertained that it emanated from a red-headed boy, who, in "making up"as an Indian, had got some paint in his left eye, which was now swollen to the size of a large apple, the gratitude of the management was as boundless, as the condolence of the entire company was sincere, affecting and sublime.

After the orchestra had been induced to complete the overture, so unceremoniously brought to a finale, and the dramatis personce were all announced as "ready,"three distinct chords in G., amidst a stillness as of death, was the signal for the rise of the curtain.

Up went the carpet, disclosing what was left for the imagination of the audience to convert into a forest.

No trees were to be seen, either in natural growth or painted canvass, but it was the best that could be done with our limited means, and the mental dressing of this scene was not the most difficult task required of the intelligent public, since all succeeding ones, whether of water, trees or houses, would have to be supplied in the same manner.

We will pass over a few of the first incidents, merely mentioning, en passant, the snicker which rippled over the surface of the sea of observers when the red-headed Indian made his appearance, and the torrent of mirth that burst forth when young Kanarro, a real Piute, whom we had enlisted on account of his tawny color and ferocious aspect, refusing to be slain with a wooden knife, insisted on administering blow for blow with his white pine tomahawk on the person of the "Roaring Ralph Stackpole,"who finding that, instead of the redskin, he was simply "killing the audience,"finally shouldered the obstinate young Lamanite and carried him off the stage.

The scene where the Jibbenainosay makes his "terrific descent of the falls in a fiery canoe,"was a difficult one to present under the most favorable conditions, but to add to the inconvenience under which we were laboring, just as the curtain rose and revealed the place of the desperate undertaking, the widow G—bbs'boy Frank, who lisped, and had just returned from pursuing the runnaway cow in the rain as far as the Nineteenth Ward pasture, came bolting into the stable with:

"Mothah, thayth thith cow can't thtand out in the wain any longer."We had again met the inevitable, and choking down the wrath which swelled for utterance, we permitted the good son to lead his cow through the audience, take her upon the stage and fasten her to the waterfall, which was now in the place she had before occupied.

The difficulty of enacting the scene, as already said, was now enhanced. The cataract was a long, smooth plank, well greased to insure the lightning speed of the descent, and placed well up the stage, slanting from an opening in the loft at the right to the outside of an imaginary left third entrance.

The actor who had to essay the feat, had rehearsed it repeatedly and was quite perfect in the business;

all it required, since no canoe was used, being to squat down upon the plank above, cry, "I am the Jibbenainosay,"and let loose, and "as swift as meditation"he was at the other end of the board, unseen but not unenvied by the admiring multitude.

But now the actor felt some trepidation.

He knew that on his appearance, the Indians, just about to massacre the whites who were on their knees imploring mercy, would fall paralyzed to the earth, as in duty bound; but the action of the cow, who had already given evidence of a roman-

36° "STAGE STRUCK:

tic spirit and great nervous susceptibility, he was not so well assured of.

The audience, however, were becoming impatient for the sacrifice, and with his heart in his mouth and his eyes on the cow, which, with ears alert and horns outspread glanced upward with trembling anxiety, the "Nick of the Woods"prepared to descend.

Everything was in readiness, the emigrants were still on their knees, and the

Indians, with touching forbearance, had been waiting in the attitude of a massacre for nearly five minutes.

"I am the Jib—!"Like lightning from the rifted thunder cloud, or the unexpected peal of heaven's artillery at noonday, the Jibbenainosay came down.

Half the length of the plank was described in a millionth part of the time it takes us to do it, when the cow, frightened out of her wits by the falling redskins and the screeching friction on the greasy plank, gave a loud bellow and darted toward the falls.

Bloody Nathan screamed in terror as the horns of the dilemma approached him, and turning over sidewise fell to the ground a lifeless mass of rags.

The curtain, not to be out of fashion, fell also, and while the united efforts of those behind the scenes were exerted to reconcile the cow and resuscitate the scared tragedian, the auditorium was rent with a storm of applause that shook the building from pit to dome, causing a few more bushels of dust to descend, like the dews of Hermon into the necks of the audience.

In due time the curtain rose on the last act.

The scene where the renegade on the bridge shoots the half-breed, "Tillie Doe,"passed off successfully.

So much so that Miss Tillie was nearly killed outright by the enthusiastic villain, who aimed right at her face and said "Die,"as the wad struck her forehead and she tumbled over into the orchestra.

Of course, if "Rat"had thought, he would have shot over, but so completely losing his identity in the character he was personating, he seemed quite put out when Miss C—ton was finally restored to consciousness.

Another instance and we are done.

The Jibbenainosay has been captured by Wenonga, the Black Vulture, and is tied to the stake awaiting the cruel torture to which he is about to be subjected.

The Indians are dancing around their prey, while Wenonga, their chief, with the scalps of Nathan's wife and children hanging at his belt, stands contemplating with fiendish exultation the figure of his helpless victim.

The redskins presently cease hooting and capering around the stake and are ordered away by the chief, who wishes to "talk with the Jibbenainosay,"After a short colloquy, in which the white prisoner dares his savage foe to undo his bonds and meet him, man to man, the chief, accused of cowardice if he refuses, complies, with the words:

"I am Wenonga, the Black Vulture, and have no heart."

Bloody Nathan immediately springs upon Wenonga, snatches a knife from his belt, and in the hand-to-hand combat which ensues, stabs him to the heart, just as the settlers attack the village, kill all the Indians and set fire to their wigwams.

That is how it ought to have been done.

We have yet to tell how it was done.

The sun was just setting. The Indians had quit dancing and gone off, the stage carpenter was waiting to throw open the doors to admit the red sunlight for the burning of the "wickiups,"and Wenonga had just concluded his speech: "I am the Black Vulture, and have no heart,"when his mother, Mrs. K—ball, who lived next door, came striding through the audience with a broom, and fetching the heartless Wenonga a terrific whack over the back, exclaimed:

"Albert, what did you go away for, without cutting me any wood."Wenonga broke for the dressing room, followed by his mother, Bloody Nathan stood petrified with horror, the actors all stared with open mouths at the unexpected denouement, the doors were opened, the dying sun smiled broadly over the picture, and amid the shouts and roars of laughter which frightened the cow so that she dropped upon her knees, the curtain of the stage at G—bbs'barn fell, never to rise again.

Tago.

S.P.TEASDEL

SAL/T LAKE CITY.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, lotions, AND ALL KINDS OF OEMERA L MEBHAJfDISE.

Best l£ouse for IF^xxiiXy &-jslj^>j^±±g&.

S.

IP. TEASDEL, e.o.BOX35».

East Temple Street.

Ic Parctos of Home-mada BOOTS and SHOES, The Just renown ot the Boots and Slioes made by il CL M, L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Hoods.

*»- BEWAB3 OP IMITATION. "«•

Purchase only those bkabING ODB JiMMD.

H.

B. CLAWSON.

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc, Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, Jarnes Leffel's Turbine wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glldden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Ooods not In Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, seats ib mmm mm, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER.

BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P. 0. Box, 1065, SALT LAIJS CIXT.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DKALEK IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON Pli'ES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office unit Work Stutp, t>7 unii 69 Main Street.

Ufholstef^y, Bbddxnq, fUr\NlTUt\B, Feath E E\jS Blinds, j3aby CARRIAGES,

sL cot Q.

o THE CELEBRATED TCHELL WAGON DKALERS IX WAGONS, CARRIAGES, KN MACHINERY MD IMPLEMENTSGeo. T. Odell,

Heber J~. Grant, m i.7. F. Grant, (SUCCESSORS TO L. B. MATTISON.) LL Jt CO., Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.

HARNESS AVI» KEXKRAIj ACvRICIJIjTI'KALi M5SIL0I THRESHERS, HAND PLOWS, HA!

RAKES, OO CO 3dm CO EMPIRE.

EMPIRE.

JENNINGS BROTHERS.

DEALERS AND CONTRACTORS.

Everything in Our Line FIRST CLASS.

FRESH AND CURED MEATS IN SEASON.

empire.

First Sonlli St., cor Commercial, empire.

Wholesale and Retail Dealers in

FARM MACHINERY.

Moline Wagons, Deering Twine Binders, Buford Rock Island Plows, Quaker City Mowers, Eagle Hay Rakes, Single Reapers, Etc s^lt i_.^.:e£::e: citt, xjt-^h.

P 0- Box, 751Send for Circulars and Priae ListsARDY B** & BURTON <E» i -HjcGENERTIIc tfERCPflpijSE,** <Sj*) 14 WAREHOUSE,^ Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

HE! SANTA PB BOUTE.

From to 12 HOURS SAVED Betw?en saltI-Rhe clty a?d the Missouri stiver, via the li a|H» Jl! ft Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

DENVER &c IR,IO G-ZR/AZDsTDE] B'T, Elegant Pullman Sleeping Cars and Day Coaches.

Best Ra Iroad Dining Halls.

P. J. FI>YJSSr, W. F. WHITE, Gen. Agl., Salt lake City.

Gen. Pass. A T'k'tAgt.,Topek n, Kan.

8. V. DERKAH, Traveling Agent.

Dr. Seymoer B. Young, 1 a Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

IL0WEES.1 SHBUBHBY.

Great Variety.

Ail Select.

The Best and Cheapest in the Market.

JOHN READING, p. Q. Boy.

358.

Second South Street 1884.

SEASON OF 1884.

1884.

ANNOUNCES A FULL SUPPLY OK Williams'Reapers and Mowers, Johnston Reapers and Mowers, Weir Sulky and Hand Plows and Harrows, Seeders,

Drills, Hay Rakes, Cultivators, Horse Hay Forks, etc.

Proprietor and Manufacturer of the ROSIER FANNING MILL.

OFFICE AND YARD CORNER EAST OF THEATRE,

SALT LAKE CITY.

44 Maia St., SALT LAKE COT, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL orrata a mi. liwb or General CQei^ghandise,!^ WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CfTY.

mwWm-mwBm AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

BOOTS AND SHOES, WW& ¥6«W fl]TO B0Yg'CIr0¥piN6.

"CHAMPION MONITOR,"''CHARTER OAK,"AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & ELAM BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK. ETC.

am& VSi ^amiaddet4 jfot intd Qsjiiencud GTti'jtoueai (pnatavtna ate r/zee/tna wttn dueeedd evetniv-nete.

Q^ne (pnatauc?ia3 nteeiu Q^tafnee&j evdfo on/it,11'ciai i&Didccunt to enetaetic taeue y.a'enfo.

^ddreM vPonfotvafot tee 11. H. QODDARD.

JCNICS i\ WELLS.

II.

I. liRAST.

Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

—-"*'- Represent Nero© feat F?cst Glass Gerraparcies- ->^-—

S^jE j?.E#<2"IB -flL&fiYS CCHE CHEjKPESQ:.

Office: Hooper «Sc E:ia.redlgre Bloeis, Salt X^sdce City.

.iiiiiiii^siiiiiii^iiiiiiiiimi^'iKMiiiii^jiai'iiiiiiili iiiiiiiii^!'":

: -y-^:-:i:.!

1;:!^:* iiii Miiiiiii.^liiiiiiiiiEiiiii'^iiiiiliaj::-!;':! "^;i I