November 188ft The Clory of God is Intelligence.

I NOVEMBER, 1S64 vol. vi.

©F>e GDNTJUBUTDR A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAX.TP UK€ CITY, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER, 1884.

PAGE The Aaronic Triesthood.

II O. F.

Whitney '1 lie Style and the Man Respice Fti/em Celestial Marriage and Acts of Congress.

I B. H. Robe/ ts Reminiscences of Australia.

'1 he Aboriginals.

Wm.

IV. Day '1 lie Disposal of the Dead J. E. Talma^e The Carthaginians.

II Ruby Lamont./ Instruct ng the Deaf.

Harry White Dramatic Incidents of Church History.

I H. W. Naisbitt A Grove of Rub er Trees Youth's Companion My Native Land „J. B. K.

Editorial:

Home-Made Paper Young Men in lolitics Fritz Our Father and G=d J. F. Gibbs Historical Record:

November Andrew yenson Publications Received Use Valley Tan Remedies.

They are the Best.

FOI4 LTJMBER, iiiiii iim 1! n—m LATH, SHINGLES, MOULDINGS, DOORS,

WINDOWS, BLINDS, ETC., ETC., GO TO THE Sl£RRA NEVADA lU|V|B£R a8 s'N Planina, Scroll-Sawing, Turning and all kinds of Mill Wort.

STAIRS, COUNTERS, STORE FRONTS, HARDWOOD MANTLES, ETC., ETC., TO ORDER S.

J Lynn, Supt.

ear Half Block South of U. C. R. R. Depot.

SALT LAKK CITY, Wholesale and Retail

Dealer In ORY GOOD?, GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS AMD ALL KIADS OF GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

EToist:E3Coi3ljs© for HPixioaL±l.-y S5xx;£>]p>l±e>js.

P. O. Box 352.

EAST TLMPLE STREET.

in SIGNS PAINTED IN THE A.

HIGHEST STYLE OF THE ART W cAlAf fig) (tS/t,.

EZtliSS f M). #•» HOUSE POINTING.

¥ °<b^ ^ O GLAZING.

ffiUO&L&'&cS C?<-uvi./e-i<'<z*i<// Jtyc-Hde/ Zgecota^v-t, GALCIMlNING.-iflL WEST TEMPLE STREET, North of Ha raid Unhiding.

Hi &p, Will ftfos, imm, m] 'wirnips, WHOLES A T iT=1 stxxcSL UFMEJ^-A-XX-..

HENRY DINWOODEY, 1233 to 1244 First South St., SALT LAKE CITY.

Careful a tention sjlven Orders by Mail- A

The General

Tithing Store has been completely renovated and fitted up for business and put in charge of UdU mWL FOLLOWING ARE THE DEPARTMENTS:

GENERAL, MERCHANDISE, MEAT MARKET, VEGETABLE DEPT., BUTTER DEPT., FISH ARD POULTRY DEPT., MOLASSES, VINEGAR AND HONEY DEPT.,

LIVE STOCK DEPT.

HAY AND LUCERN DEPT., FARM PRODUCE DEPT.

GENERAL TITHING S East Temple Street.

F. AUERBACH & BEO.

Established 1864.

Salt Lake City.

^,-^ ALL and \\ INTER c ARE NOW DAILY RECEIVING JTovelties in Silks Velvets and (Plushes.

JTovelties in, French and English (Dress Fabrics.

JTovelties in Ladies', Children's Shoes Sf Slippers.

JTovelties in trimmings and (X)ress (Patterns.

JTovelties in Jerseys.

JTovelties in Fall and Winter Wrap*.

JTovelties in Knit Woolens.

JTovelties in Lace^ and Handkerchiefs.

JTovelties in G-ents'and I$oys'Wear.

j^lankets, Quilts, Rubber Goods, Etc Etc.

Wholesale Buyers will find our Fall and Winter Stock tilling up fast with NEW GOODS AT ATTRACTIVE PRICESWE ARE NEVER UNDERSOLD.

Mail Orders Promptly Filled.

R AUERBACH &BR0 OF THE MAY BE HAD AT THE OFFICE, /^>a The Last Volume, containing about 500 pages and the Engraving of The Three Witnesses, is now ready.

ADDRESS:

P.

O. Box 805.

CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE, Opposite Z. C. M. I., SALT LAKE CITY.

HERBERT PEMBROKE, THE STATIONER.

psiaiaiuiisiaisisjsiiiaisfaiafsjaas i bUUIvo. i School, Public and Private Libraries Furnished.

BisiaiaiajsiaisEEEiaiaiaEiaiB &?m nosTi To Libraries can, offer Special and Superior Inducements.

CATALOGUES FURNISHED, AND ANY BOOK PUBLISHED IN AMERICA, PROCURED ON SHORT NOTICE.

THE BEST AND Completast Assortment.

STAloNhRY, | BLANKS, PAPER.

| ENVKLOPES.

CARD*, I INKS, PRINTERS'SUPPLIES, ARTISTS'MATERIALS, kTC LIBRARY BOOKS, Or anything in the Book or Stationery Line.

D. 0. CALDER'S OLD STAND, 72 MAIN"STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

AABON FAEB,—c..6^o-» WHOLESALE AZNTID RETAIL, OFFERS A OF;

fill b uEbU ui hubbub ui bbb^-l WHICH FOR VARIETY IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH OF SALT LAKE CITY.

m and shoes, s« Me sua Best IiBortefl Hales MEN'S, YOUTHS'AND BOYS'CLOTHING.

»10H or.

And other Heating and Cooking Stoves.

School and Blank Boolis, Statioii&ry, Ink, Etc.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VI.

NOVEMBER, 1884.

No.

2.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

The history of the Aaronic Priesthood, so far as relates to the name it bears—since there are good reasons for believing its origin more ancient still begins with the calling of Aaron to the Bishopric, which holds the keys of its presidency.

This call, as the Bible reader is aware, came through Moses, younger brother of Aaron, and chosen

Prophet of the Most High.

It was in the wilderness of Sinai, fourteen hundred and ninety- one years before the coming of the Savior.

The children of Israel, in their sublime exodus from Egypt, after the miraculous passage of the Red Sea, whose retiring waters had rolled over the heads of their enemies, were encamped at the foot of that sacred eminence, ever after immortalized as a way- mark in the wanderings and subsequent history of the Hebrew nation.

The Lord came down upon Mount Sinai, "in the sight of all the people,"and from the midst of thunders, lightnings and thick clouds, which caused the mountain to quake and obscured His glorious presence from the gaze of the unsanctified multitude, summoned Moses up into the top of the Mount, and there delivered unto him, among other charges, the following:

"Take thou unto thee Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of Israel, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, Eleazer and Ithamar, Aaron's sons.

"And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, for glory and for beauty.

"And thou shalt put them upon Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him; and shalt anoint them, and consecrate them, and sanctify them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office."

The Lord also gave to Moses, during this interview, the Decalogue or Ten Commandments, which He had previously spoken in the hearing of all Israel;

and other parts of the law which the Prophet afterwards embodied in his famous code.

Also the pattern of the Ark or sanctuary, the symbol of the covenant God had made with His people; and the Tabernacle or holy tent where the Ark was to be deposited, where the priests offered sacrifice and made atonement for the sins of the nation, and the Lord communicated by angels, Urim and Thummim and other media, with those whom He had chosen to represent Him in that sacred capacity.

He likewise instructed him minutely as to the fashioning of their priestly robes, the materials to be used, the persons who should make them, and prescribed the manner in which these things should all be consecrated to His service.

It may be as well, before proceeding further, to call the attention of the reader to the fact that the Melchisedec Priesthood—though not perfectly organized, as after the Savior's advent and as it is to-day—was at that time held and exercised by Moses, who had received it from his father-in-law, Jethro, Priest of Midian, and had doubtless ordained other Priests and Elders among the

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

tribes of Israel.

This view, which is supported by revelation, as well as reason, will explain the mention made of these sacerdotal offices prior to the calling of Aaron and his sons.

Also, why it was that Moses, Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, and "seventy of the Elders of Israel"were enabled to see God and survive; their only safeguard in beholding His person, or witnessing to any great extent the manifestations of His power, being, as we are taught, the possession of the Holy Melchisedec

Priesthood.

Furthermore, that Moses, Aaron and others, at this period held the Lesser Priesthood likewise, before it was organized with Aaron at its head, is manifestly no less true from the fact of their having the Higher Priesthood which includes it.

Hence, the premise that there are good reasons for believing the Lesser Priesthood of greater antiquity—referring of course to its earthly record—than the time we are now considering.

In other words that it was held by Adam, Abel, Enoch, Noah, Melchisedec (who received tithes from Abraham), Moses and others before his day, who built altars, offered sacrifices, and communicated with the Lord through the medium of that greater Priesthood to which the Lesser is an inseparable appendage.

In assuming, therefore, a commencing point in its history, it must be understood that we simply have reference to the time when it was organized by Moses, when it was re-christened and received its "new name"which has ever since clung to it, and was confirmed upon Aaron and his seed throughout all their generations.

But to resume our narrative.

Let us now return and see how Aaron and his confreres, on the eve of their setting apart to these sacred honors, were conducting themselves with the people left in his charge, during the absence of their prophet leader in the Mount.

Forty days and nights had elapsed since he, accompanied only by faithful Joshua, went up into the mountain to commune with the Almighty.

Alarmed at his protracted stay, unable to account for it, and no doubt superstitious as to their own safety without supernatural guidance; the people, not free from the taint of contact with idolatrous Egypt, and forgetful of the covenant they had made with God on the day the Ten Commandments were thundered from the mountain top, "gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him: Up, make us gods which shall go before us;

for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him."Obedient to their wishes, and perhaps fearful of consequences if he refused, Aaron took of their golden earrings and made for them a molten calf, after the Egyptian god Apis, and having finished it and built an altar before it, blasphemously proclaimed:

"These be thy gods, O Israel, which have brought thee up out of the land of Egypt."He also announced "a feast to the Lord"in its honor on the morrow.

In this sensuous and blasphemous worship the Israelites were engaged, when Moses, the Lord's servant, came down from the Mount.

The shouts of revelry had reached his ears far up the height, insomuch that Joshua, who was still with him, suggested "a noise of war in the camp."Moses, however, recognized the sound of singing, having been warned of the Lord of what was taking place, and on coming nearer the whole revolting truth burst upon him.

The golden god on high—the people, God's chosen Israel, feasting and dancing before it in their nakedness Such was the soul-sickening spectacle presented to his eye.

In his hands he held the "tables of the testimony"—the divine Decalogue, written with the finger of God. Before his eyes was being violated the very first of those ten commandments.

His righteous anger knew no bounds.

Casting from him the stone tablets, which shattered as they fell, he burst like a storm upon the astonished gaze of the guiltstricken idolators.

Demolishing their idol and scattering its ashes to the winds and waves, he called for all who

THE AARONJC PRIESTHOOD.

were "on the Lord's side"to rally round him.

The sons of Levi responded to a man.

Moses, directed of the Lord, commanded them to take their swords and go in and out from gate to gate, and slay every man his son, brother and neighbor, that they might consecrate themselves before the Lord and make atonement for the great sin that had been committed.

The stern but just behest was obeyed, and there fell that day in Israel about three thousand male souls.

The expiation being complete, Moses proceeded to organize the Priesthood, as he had been directed, and also to construct the Tabernacle and the Ark according to the pattern which God had shown him. The garments of the priests and the appurtenances of the sanctuary were fashioned to conform with the divine instruction, and Aaron and his sons, the Ark, the Tabernacle, and everything connected with the sacred ceremonial, were then sanctified and dedicated with solemn and impressive rites, to the service of the God of Israel.

Prior to the false worship of Apis, the

Lord, it appears, had chosen unto Himself the firstborn males of every household in Israel, as a relative act of destroying the firstborn throughout the land of

Egypt, and had sanctified and set them apart for some peculiar purpose.

He now altered His original intention, and taking the tribe of Levi instead—to which Aaron and Moses both belonged—made of them the sacerdotal class of the nation.

This selection was no doubt intended as a reward for the zeal they had manifested in wiping out the stain of idolatry from Israel.

Let us quote a few passages bearing upon this important event.

"And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him.""And thou shalt give the Levites unto

Aaron and to his sons; they are wholly given unto him out of the children of Israel.""Behold, I have taken the Levites rom among the children of Israel, instead of all the firstborn (males) among the children of Israel: therefore the Levites shall be mine;

"Because all the firstborn are mine;

for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: mine they shall be:

I am the Lord.""And thou shalt take the Levites for me, instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel; and the cattle of the Levites, instead of all the firstlings among the cattle of the children of Israel.

"And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and three score and thirteen, of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the Levites:

"Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of the sanctuary shalt thou take them: the shekel is twenty gerahs.

"And thou shalt give the money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed, unto Aaron and to his sons.

"And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the

Levites.

"And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron, and to his sons, according to the word of the Lord, as the Lord commanded Moses."Thus were the Levites given unto the Priesthood as "a gift for the Lord,"to have charge of the tabernacle and sanctuary—though not to officiate therein as did the priests—and to "do the service of the congregation."So that Aaron, who was now High Priest, or Bishop over the Lesser Priesthood, not only had to assist him his sons, in the Priests'quorum over which he immediately presided, but also a great body of Levites—were they not as Teachers and

Deacons?—to officiate in the minor quorums.

Hence the origin of the term Levitical, as applied to this Priesthood.

Soon after this organization and selec-

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

tion, Nadab and Abihu were slain by the

Lord for "offering strange fire"before Him, or officiating when He "commanded them not,"and Eleazer, the third son, then took the senior's place.

He was made "chief over the chief of the

Levites,"and had the oversight of those who took charge of the sanctuary. Thus, while Aaron, his father, was his president, he in turn presided over his brethren the Levites;

Moses, by virtue of his Priesthood and prophetic calling, retaining, under God, the supreme controlling power, or presidency over the whole.

Eleven months and twenty days the Israelites had sojourned in Sinai.

During this period they had celebrated their second Passover, or feast of unleavened bread, by which they commemorated the passing over them of the angel of death when he slew the firstborn of the Egyptians, and their deliverance through the waters of the sea.

Two other annual feasts they were commanded to keep, viz.: the feast of Pentecost, or the promulgation of the law, and the feast of Tabernacles, or tents, commemorating their sojourn in the wilderness.

The laws of Moses were now promulged and codified.

The tables of the testimony had been renewed, and with other sacred relics were placed in the Ark for safe keeping.

The sublime system of heaven-revealed religion had been set in operation, and the civil and military wings of this nomadic power, which had sprung like magic from an unorganized rabble, without laws, institutions or prescribed method of worship, into a compact and powerful nation, were now in full equipment and discipline.

"On to Canaan!"was the national cry.

And so, on the twentieth day of their second year, or about May 20, 1490 B. C, the Camp of Israel struck their tents, and guided by the cloud and pillar of God, which had been with them since the memorable night when the fetters of two centuries were stricken off and the power of Egypt submerged, they began their march through the Sinaitic desert towards the wilderness of Paran.

The order of this remarkable procession was as follows:

Foremost, rose aloft the standard of Judah, the coming kingly power of the tribes, and following, the tribes and armies of Issachar and Zebulon.

Then the sons of Gershon and Merari,* bearing the components of the.Tabernacle, which it was their duty to set up and take down, as the camp rested or resumed its journey.

The standard of Reuben was next advanced, and immediately in his rear marched Simeon and Gad.

Then the Ark of God appeared, borne in the very centre of the moving host, on the shoulders of the sons of Kohath.f The half tribes of Joseph—Ephraim and Manasseh, went next, the standard of Ephraim being their rallying centre, and also for the sons and daughters of Benjamin.

Then set forward the standard of Dan, with his tribe and those of Asher and Naphtali following and bringing up the rear.

This vast host, comprising an army of over half a million, and a total population of nearly three millions of souls, was divided into four camps of three tribes each, exclusive of the Levites;

Joseph being twice numbered, in Ephraim and

Manasseh, to make up, in the tiibal count, for the absence of the sacred class from the secular enumeration.

When the cloud rested, indicating their stopping place, the tents were set surrounding the Tabernacle of the congregation; the camp of Judah on the east, that of Reuben on the south, Ephraim on the west, and Dan upon the north.

The Levites encompassed the Tabernacle immediately about, in order to prevent the unsanctified from approaching too near, and purposely or inadvertently defiling it, an offense punishable by death.

The sacred historian tells us that when the Ark set forward, Moses said "Rise up, O Lord, and let Thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate Thee flee before Thee!"When it rested, the prophet said:

"Return, O Lord, unto the many thousands of Israel!"O. F. Whitney.

* The first and third sons of Levi, t Second son of Levi and grandfather of Moses and Aaron.

THE STYLE AND THE MAN.

THE STYLE AND THE MAN.

In the streets of a great city,

Leading toward the central station,

Should you walk in meditation On the world and its vexations, Crosses, difficulties, troubles, On its exis'.i lg changes, bubbles,

Soon upon your ear will fall A sounding egotistic, vulgar bawl,

Sung by some self-praising hero, "That's the sort of man I am."Yes, each verse relates some loudly self-assertive trait, and then winds up with this phrase, which includes and is the point of all we wish to know of a man or woman.

It may be varied in a dozen ways in our rich and copious language.

"Pray will you tell me,"says an examining counsel, "what kind of a man the deceased was?""Was he in good form?"asks the sporting man. "Had he a pleasant manner?""Was he a man of culture?""Had he moved in good society?""Was he well behaved?"says the refined inquirer.

"He was the mildest mannered man,"declares Byron of one of his heroes, "that ever scuttled ship or cut a throat."Plutarch also tells us of Caesar's objection to the lean and hungry Cassius;

and Shakspeare adds to it, that the dictator would rather be surrounded by "good, fat, easy men, who sleep o'nights."Thus a man's character may be delineated by a touch.

The manner makes the man.

The style is the man.

The word style is here used a little curiously, and shows the poverty of thought and the ineradicable symbolism of language.

The old stylus was a pointed instrument of bronze or iron, about the length of an ordinary penholder, the upper end being flattened like a knife.

With the sharp, round point, the Roman wrote upon his waxen tablets, and with the flat end, when he turned his style, he could erase any error.

"To turn one's style,"then, means to cancel or retrace.

"The style is the man,"is a proverb that means that man's sentences declare him to be what he is, and he cannot escape from it.

Our every action tells us wh.

t we are; each deed if closely watched, proclaims a character.

Character was the distinguishing mark put against Roman servants, just as the stigma was a brandmark of the Roman soldier, of which St. Paul spoke and was proud when he told the Jewish proselytes not to trouble him about the exploded ritualism of circumcision, for he having suffered and been punished, had proved himself a good soldier of Christ;

for "I bear in my body the marks [stigmata) of the Lord Jesus Christ."It can only be an ignorant or purposely blind church that could suppose St.

Paul to have had the five wounds of Christ miraculously set upon him.

If they had been wounds, he would have said wounds, not brandmarks.

Such was the man.

In fact, throughout the whole of the Old nnd New Testaments, to students of character, there are constantly cropping up little points, such as no forger could have suggested, and these again appear in the writings of the respective men, just as gentleness and sweetness crop up in Shakspeare, and thus we know him to have been "gentle"without the fact that Johnson called him so, and "sweet"without his familiar companions'name of "Sweet Will Shakspeare."Only the most obtuse could assign to Lord Bacon the works of Shakspeare.

What Shakspeare wrote shows his character;

what they wrote after comparing Lord Bacon's slow-paced, heavy style, and hard-bound arguments, with the light sunshine of Shakspeare's prose and poetry, shows their character.

Smaller things than expressions of thought, during the hard work of continuous composition, show character.

"For the apparel oft proclaims the man."Some persons believe that the handwriting does so; others go so far as to judge a man from his boots and his hat.

Some will not acknowledge a man to be a gentleman unless he always wears gloves; others rely on his address to ladies.

One gentleman proved his

THE STYLE A\D THE MAS character by never speaking to a lady without lifting his hat, and he held all the other sex to be ladies.

He was one day seen standing on the curbstone with his hat off, holding his umbrella over the head and basket of a fisherwoman, who had asked him a question.

There must have been a delightful amount of chivalric character in that man.

Other men think that deportment is the chief thing in life, like the exquisite Mr.

Turveydrop, sketched by Charles Dickens, who always posed like the Prince Regent, and in some measure made up after him.

Such men have passed out of fashion.

When do character and style set in?

This is a more simple question than it seems, if we believe that the child is father to the man, as he is when the man is a genius;

but as regards ordinary and versatile youth, it is difficult to answer. When character and style have once set in, they become almost indelible, and are partially transferred or inherited, if not immediately to each particular son, still to the race.

The Englishman, the Frenchman and the Spaniard, may all, as in the case of the Israelite, have sprung from one family;

but they have perpetuated a certain likeness, and as they begin they will end.

If you read of any of the battles, sieges, serious and grand debates, and political manifestoes of the English nation during the last eight hundred years, you will find the same characteristics in them, and from the time that the

Bible has been freely circulated as a household book—for three hundred and fifty years—the like fixed adherence to principle and justice, and the same unalterable determination.

So it is with the French.

Versatile each Frenchman may be, but, as to character and style, it has always been permanent in the nation—a brave, much enduring, industrious people, with a somewhat deep melancholy in their hearts, illumined by bright wit above.

They have been the same since the time of Caesar, and will be so to the end.

The Irish and Scotch have equally indelible styles.

And the Americans reveal themselves in their debates, their speeches in Congress, their newspapers, and their school books—and from these only, one can judge and posterity will judge—as a nation in "bad form."We can judge a people only by what pleases a people.

If we find that all the cook-shops in a city have prepared either roast beef or macaroni, we must presume that roast beef or macaroni is the favorite and national dish.

The mould of character seems to be formed with the soul, and born almost with the child; but it can be modified, properly directed, and almost infinitely varied by reflection and education. The question as to whether a leopard can change his spots or an Ethiopian his skin must be answered in the negative;

nevertheless, we can place the Ethiopian where he can be of the finest service or where he can merely occupy an island, and instead of feeding others, will starve himself.

Hence, cultivation will make such a difference that the two poles of the estimation of man—the highest spiritual, and the lowest material estimate—may be brought together.

"God is the grand man,"says Swedenborg;

"heirs of Christ, fellow-workers together with Him;''"Sons of God,"says St.

Paul.

There is the highest style of character, and the truest.

Man is his own star.

Others can only call and persuade, and too often with little effect.

Even Professor Huxley will allow that "man is a curious automaton endowed with a free will"—a tremendous and an alarming power, and its right use depends upon his habits and character.

What is the style of the man?

In smaller and more humorous ways men fall into styles almost from boyhood.

One will inherit the tidiness of his father in folding his clothes as he goes to bed, and leaving his room perfectly neat.

Another boy or girl (it matters not which) will give the servant or whoever follows after them, as much work to do as it is possible.

The A's have for generations been "clean eaters"and quick, neat workers; the B's, on the other side, have been "careless eaters,"

THE STYLE AND THE MAN.

leaving a disgraceful quantity of orts on their plates and never really finishing their work.

Others, like the French nation, will tastefully design and carry out their work in front thoroughly, while the back parts are left in a very rough state.

Some men will be naturally vivacious in company, others who are delightful to friends, roll themselves up like a hedgehog when strangers appear.

It is said by illnatured persons that women are always more pleasing with some strangers in the room than with none, and that the wife always reserved her best side for her guests.

Others shine in solitary work.

Charles Lamb divided mankind into two classes—the borrowers and the lenders—in neither of which the wise Polonius would have his son appear.

As for Byron, he desig nated society as an empty show, with but two classes:

There is not to cull Of Folly's fruit;

for, though your fools abound,

They're barren and not worth the pains to pull, Society is now one polished horde, Formed of two mighty tribes—the bores and bored.

And in society now these two asinine tribes do yawn in each other's faces and ask each other out to parties they all dislike, and yet would not be absent from 'not for the world, my dear."Perhaps one of the most foolish sentences ever uttered is that assigned to Lord Palmerston that "all babies are born good,"unless the meaning is limited to the fact that at the time of its birth the baby had committed no sin.

All babies alike?

Have such people ever been to a public school, or a Sunday School, or have they ever had children of their own, or have they tended those of others, or watched two boys—the sharp, greedy, and the slow, simple boy—play at marbles in the street?

All babies alike?

Why, old Ralph Nickleby, when in his pinafores, would have cheated the Vicar of Wakefield out of his lollipops!

The child is indeed father to the man.

If we acted upon this truth (especially if women were to act upon it) how many evils might not we, and they, avoid?

They see for they are acute and sensitive to perceive a dozen little traits in the styles of men, which they instinctively dislike or admire.

If the first, let them shun the man, but always let them at least be open enough to mark approval or disapproval.

As society is at present constituted, alas! there is little reward for the good, or punishment for the bad in this world.

If a man be rich, or what is called independent, he may go on playing the fool and making an odious jackanapes of himself all his life without anyone daring to tell him;

and another lulled into a false sleep under the notion that he is a great and good man, "plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven as make the angels weep."But when such men are dying, they awake for the first time to know what style of men they were.

What an awful revelation it will then be for many!

Society is very much, perhaps too much, given to comparing the distinctive features or styles of men to various animals;

but there is no small measure of truth in this symbolism. We certainly have the best authority for such a method of illustrating character.

In the language of a book to which we are in the habit of deferring, Ephraim is "a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke;"David's enemies are as "strong bulls of Bashan."

When St. Paul would warn his friends against false teachers, he says, "beware of dogs;"and he who best knew what was in man, thus addressed the Scribes and Pharisees: "Ye serpents; ye generation of vipers."

This species of metaphor has ever prevailed, and is even now extensively used in common forms of speech;

and it is a significant fact that the better sort of animals are seldom referred to as illustrative of human character and style.

It is true we speak of a lion-hearted man, and of a person who is gentle as a dove;

but generally when we do allude to the better sort, we especially allude to their evil properties.

The mule is one of our symbols, but not because of his laboriousness;

the dog is another, but not by virtue of his fidelity.

Here is one man as cunning as a fox;

another, timid as a hare; another, fierce as a wolf; another, vindictive as a wasp;

THE STYLE AND THE MAN.

another, surly as a bear, and another, blind as a bat.

Far be it from me to say that the multitude is swinish, but certainly there is a swinish multitude. Then there are many who bear a strong resemblance to the vulture, among the fowls of the air; and to the shark among the fish of the sea.

There are human rats also.

The snakes, vipers, and other creeping things constitute a considerable class.

Moreover, there are many owls and many geese;

parrots, too, and monkeys innumerable;

and as to the asses, why their name is legion.

Very noteworthy and significant this, that man should agree to adopt such terms in the description of their fellow men;

perhaps it is often unjust, or at least uncharitable;

but making all due abatement for exaggeration, still there remains a considerable amount of truth in the representation.

I am sure that you and I have seen persons whose styles are thus most correctly delineated by such symbolism.

But to whatever extent the representation is correct, to that extent must brutishness have taken the place of manliness, the true style of man.

We may refer to man's origin, to the fact that the divine image was impressed upon him at his creation, and from this we gather—that man is manliest when he is most like God.

Whom then shall we select as our model? Not a man like

Samson, endowed with physical strength, for we know that Samson was a miserably weak creature after all;

a grand specimen, I grant you, if contemplated from a physical point of view;

but a very poor specimen of a man when you consider him in either an intellectual or moral light.

You cannot, therefore, think of taking as your standard the mere physical man in the perfection of his symmetry and strength.

But some may chose as a standard the intellectual man, the scholar, the poet, the philosopher, the artist, the senator, the clever and successful man of business.

Every one of them admirable in his way; and we do admire such men, we cannot help admiring such men.

They are choice gifts from our great Creator, burning and shining lights; they are the aristocracy of nature, they are the civilizers of humanity.

The small men of whom the race chiefly consists could do little or nothing without these great men who tower above their fellows like mighty giants.

The race would make no progress were it not that, here and there, age after age, the inspiration of the Almighty, which giveth understanding, seemeth to concentrate in some one man the intellectual force of a generation of men.

My friends, think not only of the harvest, of food and raiment, of health and comfort, when you sing; remember, with a most grateful heart the world's great men, the servants who, having received five talents, traded with them for the welfare of the world, made them five talents more.

Remember them when you sing:

"Praise God from whom all blessings flow."

Still merely intellectual man is no safe style to adopt. We are prone to the idolatry of intellect; we know men for the compass of their understanding, the extent of their learning, the brilliancy of their wit and the splendor of their genius, more than for the goodness of their hearts and the excellence of their lives.

No, if we wish to know and see the true style, we must, I think, study the character of the man, Christ Jesus, perfect in righteousness, in purity, in patience, in fortitude, in benevolence, in every virtue that can beautify, dignify and glorify human nature.

Man is manliest when he is most virtuous; man is manliest when he is most like God; but since virtue is a somewhat abstract term, and since God is a Spirit, incomprehensible and infinite, it simplifies the matter to say, man is manliest when he is most like Jesus Christ.

I am quite prepared to admit that it is the fashion to profess religion, thus adopting a duplex style, which has done much towards confirming the contempt which is felt by many for the religious character.

There is amongst our professors of religion so much rank worship, so much money worship;

in many cases far stronger faith in the gospel ot

THE STYLE AND THE MAN.

mammon than in the Gospel of Christ;

a living and active working faith in the former, only a dead unproductive faith in the latter.

Then also there is no little cant, no little hypocrisy.

Christian men of business, whose treatment of those in their employ is worse than that experienced by the servants of men, who make no pretensions to a religious character:

members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, who are fully as avaricious, as mean, as dishonorable, as given to trickery and fraud, as men who openly despise religion.

There is a woeful deficiency of the practical evidence of Christianity afforded by such Christian life.

We may rely upon it, however, that no other evidence will satisfy this pre-eminently practical age.

There is no lack in this respect, men now ask, and they have a right to ask, that those who call themselves Latterday Saints shall, in matters of business, act with the perfect integrity and honor to which their profession pledges them.

A man's conduct is but the true picture of his creed, he will always act after what he believes.

We judge men by their actions rather than by their theories.

A man's actions are the best interpreters of his thoughts and feelings.

Comparatively few men are able to express in words, fully and justly, the state of their hearts; but every man can act in harmony with his feelings, if he will.

Men frequently act hypocritically, it is true;

they find it easier to bend their speech into descriptive forms than their actions; thus although there is a strong disposition to deceive, a man's actions are not so apt to vary as his words are.

And remember, you cannot be buried in obscurity, you are exposed upon the platform of a grand theatre to the view of the whole world.

If your style is upright, and your actions benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and increase your happiness.

But to be truly great is to be truly good and benevolent, for all other distinctions the clods of the earth will cover and the greedy worm destroy.

Once more our religion teaches us that true manly style shows itself in one of its most glorious aspects by an unflinching homage to truth.

To tell a lie in order to gain some advantage or to avoid some loss, is one of the commonest of sins.

In many cases, the immorality is scarcely recognized, we prefer to teach, "That a decent hope of future good

May excuse departure from rectitude;

That a lie, if white, is of small offence To be forgiven by men of sense."

The language of courtesy and compliment is often empty and insincere.

When a man asks you to dinner with him, you may often detect the fact that he would be sorry if you accepted the invitation.

I would advise you, however, always to accept it when you believe it to be insincere.

For the man's own good, take him at his word.

Good manners and good morals were once identical, but the term "good manners"is just now well nigh abandoned.

We have "etiquette,"a very proper word, for it seems originally to have signified a slip of paper, on which were marked down the ceremonies to be observed on any state occasion.

A manly man's style is to "speak the truth and shame the devil."To "buy the truth and sell it not,"to sacrifice truth to nothing, but everything to truth.

Act thus and your style shall prove you to be men indeed.

Let conventionalisms, prejudices, party ties, aye, let friendships perish if need be, but stand by Truth.

Be her loyal subjects, swear fealty to her; and in evil report and good report, come profit or come loss, never forsake her, even though your fidelity cost you ever so much.

"For loyalty is still the same, Whether it win or lose the game, True as the dial to the sun.

Although it be not shined upon.""He is the gentleimn who always is The gentleman he seems to be."

The purpose of this world is not lim ited to certain pursuits considered as a means of obtaining for us either livelihood or distinction and fame.

There are many things made from day to day, but the most important making that goes on is that which goes the most silently, and that is man making.

Man

5° CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

is the great commodity, so to speak, which the whole structure of this world and of society has been organized to produce in the best manner. He is capable of sinking to the most deplorable depths of corruption, debasement, cruelty and all things else that are bad, but he is also capable, if rightly handled, of noble and great achievements, if we employ in a proper manner the means which our Creator has placed in our hands.

If, as a matter of fact, man is seldom, is never seen in all his glorious perfection;

if the crown has fallen from his head, and all the glory has departed, save a few flickering and feeble rays, still let us remember that "God made man upright,"for "in the image of God made he man."Everything else discloses only a part or property of the great Creator, here at length is His image.

To retain this image, or if it be lost, to attempt its recovery, this is the true glory of human nature.

If we can know or realize by any means what God is, then we know what men ought to be.

The highest and most perfect age, and the only true style of our race, the manliest man is He in whom there is most of the divine image or attributes.

In some of the properties of God resemblance on man's part is of course impossible, and to wish for such resemblance were equally presumptuous as vain;

but there are properties in which the resemblance may be manifested, ought to be manifested, and in every truly manly person is manifested.

God is just, God is true, God is faithful, God is patient, God is kind, God forgives His enemies—when they hunger He feeds them, when they thirst He gives them drink.

In these properties resemblance to God is possible for man, and is therefore our first duty, best interest, and greatest honor; "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect;"thus only will you attain the climax of your being.

Hence Godliness is manliness.

For further insight into the nature oi true manliness and its best style, let us try to seek out some fair example, the fairest and the safest if it be possibleFor if we can find a man in all respects manly, a living embodiment of true manliness, we shall probably derive more instruction from him than from any theoretical speculations.

Who then is to be our standard?

Christ's obedience to the divine law was the obedience of His humanity; the virtues He displayed were human virtues;

and He thus redeemed human nature from the disgrace which had been brought upon it.

If, then, you want to know what manliness really is, I ask you to consider these facts: That God created man in His own image, after his own likeness; and that Jesus Christ, in His human nature, is the all-perfect pattern of what every man who wishes to be a man indeed, should ever aim, and strive and pray to be.

In matters of detail I may be mistaken, but in the great principle I trust we shall unanimously agree.

I would express the cordial hope, and breathe the fervent prayer, that we may all steadily, strongly, fervently, triumphantly advance towards the salvation of such a style and character as shall merit the epithet, manly—an epithet which many assume who do not deserve it; an epithet which belongs of right to him only who ever strives to attain the perfection of his being, and to fulfil the purpose of his creation.

Take then, these three words, remember that they are equivalent terms; write them on your hearts—Godlikeness, Christlikeness, Manliness.

Respice Finetn.

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

With the Latter-day Saints marriage is a religious duty.

Every man not disqualified by nature should obey the righteous law given by heaven's Eternal

King—"Be fruitful, multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it."This is just as binding upon man as the com-

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OE CONOR ESS.

mand—"Repent every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins."We can make no distinction between the commands of God—all are equally binding upon His people, for He that said, "repent"said also "be fruitful"—and man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God!

We take it for granted that all our readers understand the commandment, "Be fruitful, multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it,"is to be obeyed within the marriage relation; so we need not stop to prove that which is already conceded.

On the subject of marriage the Latterday Saints entertain views that are different to those held by any other people.

While other people marry for time only, and their marriage ceremonies end by the person officiating saying;

"I now pronounce you man and wife, until death does you part"—the Latter-day Saints are united in marriage, not for time only, not until death does them part, but for this life, and all eternity.

And this holy contract, this sacred covenant is sealed, not only on the earth, but in the heaven also, by that power which Jesus conferred upon His servant Peter, saying unto him:

"Whatsoever thou shalt bind on the earth, shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth, shall be loosed in heaven."(Matt., xvi, 19.) An awful and universal apostasy took place in the first three centuries of the Christian era, and this authority to bind on earth and in heaven was taken from among men; but in this age which the Scriptures point to as the glorious "dispensation of the fulness of times,"which God has declared to be "the times of restoration of all things,"that authority has been again committed to man;

and the mutual covenants made by the

Saints at the marriage altar, are sealed by that authority, and their vows being made for all eternity, as well as for this life—when they shall come up in the resurrection, they will have claims upon each other—their contract has not expired, like those contracts have, which were made until death separated the parties; consequently they can continue their family associations, which will be endeared by a thousand recollections of mutual tenderness and affection given and received while journeying through this life—this life, where fear forever overshadows hope, where smiles of joy have to struggle up through tears, and where merry laughter is often stifled with the sigh of misery.

Marriage, then, with the Saints, is not a transient relationship to end with death;

but these holy associations entered into here are to blossom and bear fruit in the never ending eternities. The family organization to which we owe so much for what little purity and refinement there is in the world, is not to be dissolved and pass away as a night's vision, but will remain and form a part of that unspeakable bliss which those shall partake of who are worthy.

We know many good people are shocked when we speak of the relationship of husband and wife continuing in heaven.

But why?

Is the association unholy?

To say that it is would be to charge God with being the author of that which is impure.

But it is not unholy, for if there is anything in this world that ennobles a man, developes all that is best in him, refines, purifies, and makes him more godlike, it is the love and confidence bestowed upon him by a virtuous, noble wife; and the influence of a pure honorable husband is not less productive of good in woman;

and—"While room is found in infinite space; while there are particles of unorganized element in nature's storehouse; while the trees of Paradise yield their fruits, or the Fountain of Life its river;

while the bosoms of the Gods glow with affection; while eternal charity endures, or eternity itself rolls its successive ages, the heavens will multiply, and new worlds and more people be added to the kingdom of the Fathers."

These views are at variance with the shadowy notions men have of heaven and eternity, but assurances of their truth have been given to the Saints through the revelations of the Lord.

The refining influences of the family

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OE CONGRESS.

circle are to continue, and we have no reason to fear that the institution which has contributed so much to our refinement here will ever prove a means of corruption in the life to come.

The chief objectionable feature to the marriage system of the Saints, however, is the plurality of wives.

Against this principle modern civilization professes to revolt; and clamors for its suppression.

The pulpit, the press, the demagogue, presidential candidate, and even Congress are contracting their brows in threatening anger at the Saints, who have the temerity to cling to this principle as a part of their religion in spite of all the wrath of their enemies.

The Supreme Court may very complacently tell them this principle is not a pa'rt of their religion, but the Saints refuse to believe the court; and still insist that it is a part of their religion, and no insignificant part either;

for the Lord has revealed it unto them, and tells them they will be under condemnation if they do not obey it.

(See Doctrine and Covenants, Section 132.)

Congress, however, declares polygamy a crime, and has enacted laws to punish those who practice it.

The theory of those opposed to plurality of wives is, that it is a species of sexual immorality—a scheme devised to minister to man's baser passions, and claiming it to be a principle of religion is only an effort to place an evil beyond the reach of law—hence they desire it obliterated, lest it should corrupt the body politic and religious—destroy the family, and undermine the prosperity of the state.

Before we examine the incorrectness of this position, we wish to show the difference between polygamy as commonly practiced, and the principle of Plurality as believed in and practiced by the Latter-day Saints.

The theory of marriage in the Christian nations of Europe and America is monogamic—one man and one wife; the fidelity to the theory, however, is very questionable, as among the European nobility morganatic marriages, in which, during the marriage ceremony, the left hand is given instead of the right, are frequently contracted; the issue of these unions cannot share the title nor estate of the father, neither can the morganatic wife succeed to them; but a dowry and title is usually granted her.

It must be remembered that these morganatic associations are entered into by those who already have one wife.

Then there is the very extensive practice of keeping mistresses, so largely indulged in by the wealthy classes both in Europe and America; to say nothing of the numberless sporadic cases of marital infidelity, coupled with the legal system of successive polygamy—the divorcing of one wife for frivolous causes, then marrying another, and so on ad infinitum—so shamefully practiced in many of the states, New England taking the lead with two thousand cases per annum.

These considerations will enable people ordinarily informed of the social condition of modern civilization to see through the flimsy vail with which hypocrisy seeks to cover its social infamy, and demonstrates that the vaunted theory of monogamy, and the virtuous practice of it are as far apart as the east is from the west.

There is another species of bigamy occasionally practiced: A married man becomes infatuated with some woman other than his wife.

Perhaps she is noble and virtuous, and he well knows the abominable arts of seduction will not bring the desired object within his reach.

Equally fruitless would be any attempt to secure his victim aside from what she believed to be an honorable marriage.

Studiously he keeps hidden his first marriage, pays his addresses to his intended victim;

and she, unconscious of her ruin, accepts the proffered plight of love.

They are married. Soon after the dreadful truth is dragged to light—the man she married was already another woman's husband—who can describe her emotions!

Shame, anger, despair—each struggling for the mastery!

The awful sense of being betrayed by one she loved, and who she fondly hoped loved her, overwhelms the heart, nature is unable to sustain the shock, and the victim of the common bigamist sinks to

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OF CONGRESS.

despair, and life becomes a miserable existence.

The results of this villain's double dealing are as mischievous to the first wife as to the second—their sorrows are akin; the hearts of both are grievously wounded, and refuse to be comforted—they hoped for happiness, but behold misery; they hoped for comfort, but behold distress; where they trusted they were betrayed, and all the affections are turned to gall.

Instead of respecting, they despise; instead of trusting they suspect; instead of loving, they hate; no star of promise appears in their horizon—all their hopes are wrecked, and gloomy despair settles over them for life. Such are the evils attending bigamy as known to the world; but the principle of plurality of wives as practiced among the Saints of Utah, is no more like the bigamy of the world than the glorious light of the king of day, is like the pestiferous darkness that enshrouds the benighted regions of the damned.

Among the Saints of Utah, plurality is well known to be a part of their religion;

and when a young couple are united in marriage, the young lady understands that if her husband lives his religion does his duty—he will take other wives, who will enjoy equal rights with herself.

When a man takes a second wife no concealment is made of the former marriage; the lady he approaches on the subject knows that he has a family already;

furthermore, his first wife is not ignorant of his intentions, to the contrary she is consulted in the matter, and gives her consent to the arrangement;

no one then is deceived;

no one's rights are interfered with; the second or third wife is just as honorable as the first—whatever distinction the laws of the land may make, be it said to the honor of the Latter-day Saints, who believe in the divinity of plurality they make none;

neither is there any distinction between the children of the second or third wife, and the children of the first.

There was little need of Congress attaching to the

Edmund's Bill a clause making the issue of plural marriages legitimate up to January, 1S83; to all intents and purposes among the Saints, they were so before;

and those born after the date fixed by Congress will be regarded in the same way.

The foregoing statements concerning the bigamy of the world, and plurality of wives as believed and practiced by the Latter-day Saints; shows conclusively there is nothing in common between them.

None of the evils enumerated as following common bigamy can possibly attend celestial marriage—a term we shall use hereafter in contradistinction to the bigamy of the world—because in it no deception whatever is employed.

It is acknowledged by the community where it is practiced as a part of their religion, and is considered not only as honorable, but, under proper circumstances, is regarded as a duty; the second wife was acquainted with the circumstances under which she married her husband; the first wife is not deserted, neither is she betrayed, but consents to the marriage of her husband to other women, it being as much a part of her religion as of his; the children all receive the name of the father, and are esteemed as gifts from the Lord.

Under these circumstances then there can arise no bitterness of feeling,no hatred to mar the peace of the family circle.

Confidence in the husband is not lost; and the wives having the consciousness that they have not been betrayed; with the assurance that they have the esteem and affection ot their husband, that their children are honored, coupled with a firm conviction that they are conforming to the will of heaven—celestial marriage is stripped of all the horrors in which the deseased brain of modern Christianity has seen proper to cloth it, and exalted as far above common bigamy as honorable marriage is above loathsome prostitution.

We are now ready to prove that celestial marriage is a principle of religion with the Latter-day Saints.

Let it be remembered that the enemies of the Saints insist that celestial marriage is only an institution invented for the sole purpose of ministering to the lustful desires of men, that claiming it to be a part of their religion is only a cloak to

CELESTIAL MARRIAGE AND ACTS OE CONGRESS.

cover their sins; but pause a moment let us reflect upon the situation.

To marry one wife and rear up a family incurs great responsibility; to rear two families doubles the responsibilities, and as you increase the family, you multiply the anxiety; yet those opposed to celestial marriage will persist in saying the Saints thus increase their cares merely for sexual gratification.

Poor innocent souls!

Do they suppose for a moment the Saints are ignorant of the fact that hundred6 of thousands of men in this moral (?) nation are daily gratifying their passions outside the marriage relation;

thus avoiding the extra care and anxiety attached to rearing more than one family?

Do our moralists think the inhabitants of Utah are ignorant of the fact that the towns, villages and cities of modern Christendom are thronged by harlots whose smiles are bought by married and single men?

The Saints are aware that they could do likewise; and their conduct would only provoke a smile; those who are their enemies now would excuse it, and say they had merely indulged one of the amiable weaknesses of mankind.

In addition to the increase of care and anxiety incurred by those who practice celestial marriage, by recent laws enacted by Congress, they are disfranchised, disqualified for holding any office in the Territory, or under the United States, are shut out from the honorable pursuits for places of honor, profit, trust, or emolument within the gift of their fellow citizens.

They are also liable to arrest and on conviction could be fined $500 and thrown into prison for five years.

Besides all this, there is public sentiment they have to brave, and the reproaches of canting hypocrites they have to endure whose morals when compared with the morals of the Saints would be like comparing for clearness the muddy, turbulent Missouri river, with their own clear, sparkling mountain streams, that steal from under banks of drifted snow, whose very whiteness is emblematic of purity.

Is it possible that men will endure all the inconveniences mentioned in the foregoing solely for the purpose of sexual gratification, when they could avoid all these serious risks, and more freely indulge their amorous appetites by following the example of many—very many of their would be reformers?

Who, while professedly horrified at the idea of a man marrying more wives than onerespecting them as wives, and rearing their children in honor—are frequently the paramours of harlots, the revilers in bagnios, and the seducers of innocent, trusting, loving maidens, and who point their slanderous finger of scorn at celestial marriage, and cry "unclean!

unclean!"thinking by the uproar to detract attention from their own moral depravity.

But this old trick of crying "stop thief"while the stolen chatties are on the crier's back, will not serve their purpose, for we have the assurance of Holy

Writ, that there is nothing secret but what shall be uncovered; and when the secrets of these men are made known, they will be despised by all people.

But rather than share in their iniquity, the Saints had better endure the sneers of hypocrites, the malice of priests, the scorn of the people, the slander of the press, the oppression of Congress, the insolence of the judge, the tyranny of the laws, and the withering, bitter, blighting hatred of the whole world—than wallow with them in their corruption, or surrender even a shadow of a principle that God has revealed to them by His prophets.

The fact that the Saints sacrifice so much for celestial marriage—run the risk of fines and chains, take upon themselves all the extra cares and anxiety which attaches to it—increasing the hatred of bigots, and the oppression of government—is an evidence to the thoughtful that they cling to their principle from other motives than amorous gratification, as nothing but a deep and sincere belief that they are doing the will of heaven will induce men to adhere to a principle banned by law, condemned by popular sentiment, and which is so fruitful of care, anxiety, and even of fines and imprisonments.

B. H. Roberts.

REMINISCENCES OF AUSTRALIA.

DO REMINISCENCES OF AUSTRALIA.

THE ABORIGINALS.

In my former article I somewhat rashly promised my readers an acquaintance with the dusky-skinned aboriginals of Australia.

I should perhaps have stated that I would give them but a slight introduction to those people, as my stay in the country was comparatively limited to that of my long subsequent sojourn in the sister colony of New Zealand.

Most of my early impressions and mental notes made in Australia have long since vanished from the tablets of my memory;

"crowded out for want of space"(as the newpapers have it), by the enormous number of other items that have since then arrested my attention.

However, such as remain you are welcome to.

In the first place, then, the aboriginal of Australia seems to stand upon his own peculiar pedestal as a well defined and totally distinct variety of the human species, differing widely even from other savage beings of a like sombre hue, although, strange to say, some of their usages, to be related hereafter, will seem to associate them in a remarkable manner to one of the most important branches of the civilized pale faced families.

In form the native Australian is as a rule trimly built, straight, wiry looking and active, ranging in height from four feet six to five feet six and they are generally of a color varying between a medium chocolate and a sooty, rusty black, with a face that would require a genius to describe its repulsive ugliness.

Their clothing is remarkable only for its absence, excepting in the near vicinity of large settlements;

in the latter case government provides the otherwise nude savage with a blanket, and compels him to invest himself with this modern toga ere visiting the haunts of civilization.

Their chief sojourning places are along.the southeastern and eastern coast line and on the fertile portion of the banks of the larger rivers such as the Murray and the Murrumbidgee here with but little labor the sable heroes can provide themselves, their ginns (wives)> and their piccaninnies (children), with a good fish diet, varying the same every now and then in favor of kangaroo or snake, a relish being at times added from the ranks of the feathered tribe, and a decided preference being manifested for uncooked rather than cooked victuals.

Not unfrequently a serious quarrel will ensue during their feast orgies for the possession of that portion of the repast which their corrupted natures estimate as the most dainty, but which the European is contented to know by the name of offal, and hides as speedily as possible from his offended gaze.

Their dwelling places are extremely simple in construction, and do not manifest the slightest taste for architectural beauty or embellishment of any kind whatever.

Four slender poles fixed in the ground and wattled over with boughs constitute their palace, and if the night should prove too chilly beneath this attenuated apology for a roof tree, all hands will bury themselves up to the neck in sand and thus derive the necessary warmth from the veritable bosom of mother earth.

Their weapons are generally of a very rude character, consisting of native clubs or waddies, spears and boomerangs.

In the use of all they are remarkably expert, but more especially so with the latter wonderful instrument, which is of peculiar construction and the proper working of which depends upon the scientific principle upon which it is made, as much as upon the knack of throwing.

In shape it approaches the one-fourth section of a circle, with a little more elbow point in the bend than that in the segment; and is about two inches in width by a quarter of an inch in thickness, and of various lengths to suit the taste of its owner.

The points are bent, the one end a little up and the other a little down, so that the wind may act upon the blade, when thrown, in somewhat the same manner as it acts upon the sails of a wind mill, causing it to gyrate very rapidly.

I have seen natives fetch down birds with un-

REMINISCENCES OF AUSTRALIA.

erring aim at very long distances with these simple looking weapons, and have wondered how in the name of fortune they could so accurately calculate distances and so nicely decide upon the requisite momentum to give this truly wonderful instrument, to attain the desired object.

Perhaps the most wonderful circumstance connected with the throwing of the boomerang is this:

that after having accomplished the errand on which it was sent, it will in nine cases out of ten return to the near vicinity of the one who threw it.

On one occasion I was invited to a corrobory (war dance) festival, and among the many exhibitions of skill was one which I shall always bear a lively remembrance of.

A stalwart native, with an unusually long boomerang in his hand, a chief of his tribe and noted for his wonderful feats with this his favorite weapon, beckoned me to take my stand immediately behind him whilst he went through his skilful performance.

I had no sooner fallen into the required position and received positive instructions from my sable friend to stand perfectly still and keep close to him at the risk of getting hurt or perhaps killed, than whang!

went the boomerang, cleaving through the air like a thing of life and revolving with immense rapidity.

I watched it till it appeared like a mere speck, when suddenly it seemed to stop, change its course and also its tactics.

In proceeding to its destination or turning point, it had traveled apparently in a perfectly straight line, now, however, on its return, it began by describing large circles ever decreasing in circumference, until on approaching its point of departure, the circles described were so playfully near our heads as to cause me no little bodily fear, until at last, as if with an expiring effort, the boomerang lifted gently in the air immediately in front of the native and tumbled on the ground not three feet from his side.

Long shall I remember the gentle hum of satisfaction at the successful termination of the feat, and also the gentle hum of satisfaction that swelled in my own breast as I hastily resumed a locality which I considered considerably more safe than the one I had lately occupied.

Their corrobories or war dances are almost invariably held in the night time, by the light of numerous fires, assisted at times by the brilliant light of the moon.

On these occasions the natives delight to paint their bodies with some white pigment, in representation of a skeleton.

A long white stripe is traced down the back from the neck, and the rib lines are made to join thereto;

thick white streaks adorn the legs and arms, and more attenuated lines the fingers and feet; the face also comes in for its share of ornamentation to make the ghastly picture complete.

In this guise they imitate battles, from their incipient stage, when the wily black man first tracks up his intended prey, to the last act, where the enemy is rendered hors de combat with a vengeance, by the conqueror actually demolishing his victim in true cannibalistic style.

During the sham contests, the various cries of birds or animals that have been agreed upon as watchcries of the tribe are rendered with wonderful fidelity to nature.

Prior to the commencement of the battle, however, the warriors indulge in a variety of evolutions known as a war dance, in which the time kept by the dancers, and also by the performers on their rude musical instruments, is really remarkable.

This terpsichoreal undertaking is apparently necessary in order that the noble warriors may be sufficiently excited to "screw their courage to the sticking point."The Australian, I believe, deservedly bears the reputation of being treacherous in the extreme, and almost entirely untamable; and during my stay in the country it was currently reported by all who knew them sufficiently to talk with certainty concerning them, that there was not an aboriginal to be found in the country of the age of eighteen who had not tasted of human flesh, and very many indeed under that age;

their prisoners of war were almost universally eaten, not alone because this was a very safe manner of disposing of an enemy, but because human flesh was preferred

REMINISCENCES OF AUSTRALIA.

to any other.

Individuals have been taken from among them when very young, been treated with the utmost kindness, sent to the best of collegiate institutions, taken to England and presented at court, and the endeavor made to entirely alienate them from their savage mode of life by instilling other and more civilized tastes, but all to no purpose, for immediately the savage treads his native wilds again, his old instincts utterly overpower him and civilization knows him no more.

Notwithstanding the savage barbarism of the Australian aboriginal of to-day, it would appear that they are not utterly destitute of a knowledge of religious rites and observances, and also of the fine arts, which latter may be either in their incipiency or decadence, I know not which.

Captain Stokes, during a surveying voyage around the continent, relates that he "discovered on Depuch Island, on the northwest coast, numerous drawings on the rock, the work of native artists.

They were executed by removing, according to the figure desired, the.

hard outer coating of red color, and baring to view the bright greenstone beneath.

In many of these representations, much ability was displayed, and enormous numbers of them were observed, some fresh, others weather worn, representing human figures, animals, birds, weapons, domestic implements and scenes of savage life. This lonely picture gallery was uninhabited, but the natives frequent it at a certain season of the year, to admire their forefathers'skill and leave monuments of their own."

Amongst their religious practices is that of circumcision, which is general throughout all the tribes, and carries the mind irresistibly towards the like usage amongst the ancient Israelites and the Jews of to-day, their descendants; but what relation, if indeed there might have been any between these otherwise vastly dissimilar races in the untold ages of the long forgotten past, is purely a matter of conjecture.

A portion of their creed is the belief in the existence of an immense serpent, invisible to mortals and dwelling in the fastnesses of the high rocky mountains, who wields the power of evil, and when the winds moan and whistle through the woods, it is supposed that this is the voice of the monster in search of fresh fields to execute his wicked designs.

At such times immense fires are lit, and strange incantations muttered to scare the evil being away.

Other than this they believe in a beneficent being to whom they can ascribe no shape, but who is always endeavoring to benefit them.

They also believe that white men are the purified people of their own race, who have returned to life, and that bodies of human beings buried before their doors are perfect safeguards against thieves.

A custom prevails amongst them of knocking out either one or two teeth of the males when admitted into the ranks as a warrior of the tribe, and all girls in good standing are deprived of the first joint of their little fingers.

Poor creatures!

they might almost as well be deprived of their lives, which in most cases is inferior to beasts of burden, their return for services rendered being whippings, kicks and blows, and in some cases their brains are dashed out with a club on provocation of the most trivial character, but which in the eyes of her cruel lord and master merit instant death.

I have now, dear reader, received you into my fullest confidence, so far as the Australian savage is concerned.

The information imparted may not be of any great value to you, but will enable you perhaps to form some crude idea of his physique, manners and customs, and will possibly have suggested to your mind the extent of degradation to which human beings can descend to, under certain circumstances; what those circumstances may be I will leave you to decide upon, knowing as we each of us do what the indulgence of one single bad habit will lead to in but a short space of time.

As for me, I have received orders from the authorities of the Contributor to proceed (mentally) to beautiful New Zealand, and if we ever meet again through these pages, it will be to give some account of the Britain of the South and the Maories.

W. W. Day.

THE DISPOSAL OF THE DEAD.

THE DISPOSAL OF THE DEAD.

Notwithstanding our philosophical arguments about the natural order of things, and in spite of the sure word of revelation as to the relation between the present life and that of the future, the thought of Death inspires a horror in many of us, and the appearance of his cold hand in our midst is always synonymous with grief and sorrow.

And in truth, his power looms before the purely human mind as the mystery of mysteries.

No magician's wand ever approached in potency to that of his mystic finger, which can turn a form of beauty and an embodiment of all that purity and godliness makes of man to a cold and pulseless clod, "Which the rude swain, Turns with his share and treads upon."

Death alone is able to turn that machine—so fearfully and wonderfully made, which so effectually prevailed over the ever eager processes of dissolution—to the theatre of their most rampant performances.

Yet he is far from chary of his wondrous ability; ever is he ready to ply that magic power at the bidding of the weakest. A draught of air—perhaps too feeble to sway a twig an unripe apple, a fish bone, the kiss of a serpent, whose lips scarce leave an imprint—each may prove a summons to this ghastly visitor.

Well did Diogenes remark, when told that Perdiccas intended to kill him, "He would do no great thing; a beetle or a spider could do that."No less strange is the wondrous extent of this monarch's dominions.

Who has yet discovered a boundary to his ravages amongst temporal creation? The very rocks and hills are disintegrating and disappearing at his command.

"Death, great proprietor of all, 'tis thine To tread out empires and to quench the stars.

The sun himself by thy permission shines;

And one day thou shalt pluck him from his sphere.

Amidst such mighty plunder, why exhaust

Thy partial quiver on a mark so mean?

Why thy peculiar rancor wreaked on me?"

But speaking solely of bodily death, the disposition to be best made of the empty tabernacle from which that portion which could sneer at the tyrant's power has flown, is a subject in which sentiment has ever played an important part. We are apt to remain willingly ignorant of the process by which those deserted tenements are subjugated to all prevailing decay; and we will continue with closed eyes to whiten the sepulchres of our loved ones, and to believe that all is as pure within as we make it appear without.

The cemetery in the Old World is a great pride to the townsfolk;

and many graveyards are truly beautiful.

But we need not leave our own shores for such sights; Greenwood,

Calvary and Greenmount are really cities of the dead, and their walks, drives and flower plats—all for the enjoyment of the visitors; and their palaces and humble dwellings for their silent tenants.

The method of placing the dead in the bosom of the earth has become to us so natural, that any proposition to otherwise dispose of them has to meet the powerful advocates, emotion and sentiment; and that their argumentative powers are in no way mean is exemplified by the stout opposition which the practice of cremation had to meet at the steps taken toward its revival during recent years.

But the custom of boxing up and burying the departed has not always been in favor.

Barbaric man, in all probability, exposed his dead to the ravages of wild beasts or devoured the bodies himself.

Burial was undoubtedly practiced by the early Hebrews, Greeks,

Romans and Phoenicians.

Homer's description of the funeral rites of Patroleus and Hector furnishes the first Greek mention of the practice.

The Greeks usually buried, though cremation was not unknown among them.

Before them, however, the Thracians and Phrygians burned their dead; and they again, most probably, derived the custom from their progenitors the Scythians, who in-

THE D IS I 'OSA L OF THE DEAD.

habited Tartary.

The Roman consul, Manlius, burned the body of his son, although at that time burial was the prevailing- custom.

The body of Severus was also burned with considerable pomp, though, as a practice, burning had ceased during the reign of Marcus Antonius, fifty years before. The Carthaginians and

Egyptians preserved the custom in Africa;

and the same was extensively observed among the aboriginal tribes in America.

In Asia the practice was widely used and is not obsolete to-day.

The crude method of pyre burning required scents to disguise the foul odors, and the ashes could not be preserved.

Among the Egyptians, however, there existed a method of burning which is interesting to note.

Many readers will perhaps be acquainted with the rock known as asbestus; and if the mineral itself be unknown, the name will be familiar from the extensive use now made of the asbestus paints.

The rock is a peculiar variety of the species hornblende, and sometimes also of pyroxene, though the latter is rarely asbestiform.

The substance is of such a fibrous structure in its most perfect varieties, that one who is unacquainted with it finds his credulity severely taxed to believe it a mineral at all.

At present, large establishments are kept in operation, manufacturing from the substance many varieties of paper, cloth, rope, etc.

Its most valuable property is that it is incombustible, and practically indestructible by fire.

One of the purer forms, with the beautiful lustre of white satin, has received the specific name Amianthus, meaning undefiled.

The Egyptians are said to have woven from the fibres of asbestus, cloths and napkins, which, when soiled, were readily and thoroughly cleansed by being thrown into the fire.

But another use made of it, and one of greater relevancy to our present subject, was that of weaving from the fibre large sheets, in which the bodies of the dead were wrapped prior to being placed on the funeral pile.

The ashes were thus preserved from loss in this indestructible winding sheet, and could be removed at leisure.

A calculation published some years ago stated that the populated regions of the globe had already been dug over six times to receive the dead.

Then "Where's the dust tli.it has not been alive?

The spade, the plow disturb bur ancestors.

From human mould we reap our daily bread.

The globe around earth's hollow surface shako, And is the ceiling of her sleeping sons.

Our lean soil, Luxuriant grown and rank in vanities

From friends interred beneath; a rich manure!

Like other worms we banquet on the dead;

Like other worms shall we crawl on, nor know Our present frailties, or approaching fate?''

Science has taught that decomposition is but a prolonged process of combustion, to which Liebig has applied the expressive term cremacansis or a slow and solitary burning.

Notwithstanding the feeling of repugnance which the idea of burning the dead creates in many, the contemplation of solitary decay in a subterranean charnel house seems hardly more conducive to a belief in the purity and tranquility of the last sleep, such as poets extol.

It is a matter of general acceptance, that no dead body is ever placed in the soil without polluting the earth, the air, and the water above and about it.

The atmosphere of thickly populated cemeteries contains a great excess of noxious ingredient and diseasebearing emanations, and to Pasteur we owe the knowledge that worms constantly bring to the surface bacteria from the decomposing dead. No less startling is the fact of the wonderful tenacity of life, which belongs to these bacterial forms.

It has been declared by Dr. Koch, of Germany, and fully confirmed by the

English observers, Drs.

Ewart and Carpenter, that the infected body of a splenic fever victim, animal or human, may be dried, even pulverized and kept for years, without exhausting in any way the vitality of the germs, which are still able to revive with infectious power.

Mr.

J. D.

Bengless has published a number of interesting data, and to his writings the present author owes a num-

6o THE DISPOSAL OF THE DEAD.

ber of the facts herein presented.

Prof.

Bianchi claims to have traced the plague siege at Modena in 1828 to excavations made into the burial place of the victims of a pestilence which had prevailed three centuries before; and with no less confidence is the London cholera in 1854 charged to disturbing the resting place of those who had succumbed in 1665.

As a result of investigations into the cause of the last yellow fever epidemic in Rio de Janiero, Dr. Dominigo Frere stated "the soil of cemeteries where victims of the outbreak were buried was positively alive with microbian organisms, exactly identical with those found in the vomitings and blood of those who had died in the hospitals of yellow fever."

Another subtile danger haunting the homes of the dead, is the contamination of the water. A peculiar and sparkling brilliancy is the usual attribute of cemetery water, owing to the large quantity of nitrates and nitrites present therein the products of the surrounding graves.

The London Lancet declares:

"It is a well ascertained fact, that the surest carrier and the most deadly fruitful nidus of zymotic contagion is this brilliant enticing looking water, charged with the nitrates which result from decomposition."In the year 1806, the removal of all intermural cemeteries was advised by the New York Board of Health.

The recommendation was acted upon and also a second one, viz:

that the then existing graveyards should be converted into public pleasure grounds.

One of the results of such action is Washington

Square—on the site of the original Potter's Field—and in spite of its fashionable surroundings and gaudy ornamentations, a physician who lived for years on its border, declares it a plague-spot in the neighborhood.

In 1849, a systematic aud tolerably thorough examination of the London cemeteries was made, and by it details of horror were brought to light.

As a result, Parliament soon forbade interment within the city limits.

In a "Report on a general scheme for extramural supulchre,"published the following year, other quite as revolting facts were dwelt upon;

and among such it is clearly shown that the soil about the body does not prevent the escape of putrescent emanations either into the air above or the water below.

These gases have even been known to burst open air-tight leaden coffins.

Dr. Lyon Playfair says: "I know of several churchyards from which the most foetid smells are evolved, and gases with a similar odor are emitted from the sewers in the vicinity, though thirty feet off. Instances are not lacking to show the fatal effects of such gases when breathed in the concentrated form; though such cases are necessarily exceptional.

In 1841, two gravediggers perished in descending into a grave at St. Botolphs, Aldgate.

At Cadoxton churchyard, near Neath, the odor is described as abominable, the same being also clearly distinguished in the surrounding houses, in nearly all of which severe cases of cholera were reported.

In general, if subterranean interment be still employed, the natural order of decay should be in no manner retarded.

The noxious gases are not as easily kept in the tightly fitting caskets and waterproof vaults as was supposed.

Let the air-tight cases be abolished and every natural inducement be offered to the bacteria of ordinary putrefaction to do their work quickly and well.

The coffin would well be covered with a few inches depth of fine charcoal or carbonized vegetable matter of any kind.

Decay will then proceed as nature intended it.

Let each question himself as to what argument he has against a still more expeditious method of returning the borrowed elements which constitute our earthly tabernacles into the great cycle of circulation.

If igneous combustion and putrescent decomposition differ only in degree, but are similar in result, then let their relative incidental advantages decide the preference.

Many people entertain the idea, the origin of which they would be decidedly nonplussed to explain, that the process of cremation is one of revolting detail. As conducted at Gotha by the Siemen's

THE DISPOSAL OF THE DEAD.

apparatus, the proceeding has been described briefly thus:

The body is enclosed in a catafalque within the church at the commencement of the service.

While the ceremony proceeds, the corpse is lowered to the next floor by an elevator hidden within the catafalque.

The oven of the crematorium has previously been raised to a white heat (about fifteen hundred degrees Fahrenheit).

As the door is opened, the air cools the numerator to a delicate tint of red, and the body, covered with an asbestus cloth, is run on rollers into this bath of rosy heat.

Incandescence sets in at once, and continues till nothing is left but a small quantity (about four per cent.) of pearly white ashes.

These are placed in an urn, returned to the floor above, and at the close of the service the mourners find the ashes where the body was last seen.

No fuel or flame comes in contact with the corpse, and the thorough combustion of all smoke and volatile product is secured by passing them through a regenerative furnace, arranged with a meshwork of bricks kept at a white heat.

But, whether cremation is destined to supercede burial or not, or whether the former ought to supplant the latter or not, it is well to cast a glance at a few arguments developed during the sharp controversy of late years.

It would be perhaps difficult to find a subject on which more sentiment has been mistaken for sense, and emotion for reason.

On July 5, 1874, there assembled in Westminster Abbey a large congregation from the four corners of the Uuited Kingdom to hear a sermon on cremation from the lips of Dr. Wordsworth, the Lord Bishop of Lincoln.

Surely, soundness in reason should be expected from so eminent a source; yet consider the following:

The reverend gentleman denounces cremation as incompatible with a belief in the resurrection.

Really, the object of Dr. Wordsworth's worship must be possessed of limited and somewhat capricious power if the mode of disassociation of the body be so vital a condition of the resurrection!

It has been pertinently asked:

Will the martyrs who have died at the stake be denied a resurrection, while those despatched by any other means of violence will be granted the blessing?

The Lord Bishop of Lincoln further states, that the adoption of cremation would strike a blow at all beautiful monumental architecture.

The argument, if such it may be called, is far from convincing, and farther from true.

Mr.

Bengless has named the instances of the Martyr's Memorial, in St.

Gillis St.

Oxford, England, which marks the spot where Ridley, Latimer, and Cranmer, sealed their beliefs with their blood; and in addition, the Column of Trajan at Rome, and the Mausoleum erected by Artemisia to her husband;

each covers the urn containing the ashes of the illustrious dead.

Mr. P. H. Holland, the London Medical Inspector of Burials, in 1874, in an attack upon a more thoughtful writer than himself, clearly shows his prejudice by proposing rather than incinerate the bodies to sink them in the ocean.

One is apt to think that the inspector is perpetrating a jest; though it does seem a ghastly one;

for the probable increased fish supply of the coasts would be a rather grim suggestion of the disposition made of departed friends.

The gentleman also urges that the adoption of fire obsequies would necessitate changes in the burial service, which, to his extremely orthodox mind appears as an overwhelming calamity.

The most potent argument against urn burial, is the complete destruction of evidence as to the probable cause of death;

and the adoption of cremation would involve the need of more particular inspection of the corpse before burning.

With its adoption, the ghoulish exploits of body snatchers would be at an end, and the horrible catastrophe of burying alive would be averted.

Whether the disassociation process occupy ten, fifty, or more years in the grave of corruption, or as many minutes in the warm and rosy bed of the crematorium, yet in either instance the inevitable decree is. obeyed: "Dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return."J. E. Talmage.

THE CARTHAGINIANS.

THE CARTHAGINIANS.

ii.

The reputation of Carthage was stained with "cruel passions, low vices and many faults."Wealth seemed to be the only thing they prized.

There was an excellent school at Carthage we infer from the fact that a son of Masinissa, a great neighboring king, was sent thither to attend school. The great

Hannibal was a scholar, acquainted with polite learning and even an author of some merit; Terence wrote with delicacy and elegance and has been greatly admired by succeeding generations. He, however, was educated at Rome.

Indeed, in the face of what has been said it seems that this great flourishing city was^o in love with wealth that its inhabitants had no time to devote to learning, or they were so indifferent to its merits that they only produced three or four authors of real merit in about seven hundred years.

A Carthaginian philosopher'was a prodigy; eloquence, poetry, history, art, sculpture were but little.known.

From this want of learning the people lacked that complacency of manner, politeness, agreeableness and love of virtue which attend culture and education.

They were skilful merchants and that was about all.

They were necessarily warlike from two reasons:

first, the necessity they were under of defending themselves against incursions of neighboring tribes;

secondly, their ambition for extending their territory and commerce rendered it necessary for them to constantly make new conquests.

They were enabled to meet the expenses of these wars by the great revenues obtained, from the gold and silver mines of Spain as well as from a thrifty commerce.

Their armies consisted chiefly of slaves and mercenaries and therefore lacked that patriotism and union which characterized those of Rome and Greece.

Now a word about the government.

This was Republican and divided into three parts, two Suffetes or supreme judges, the senate and the people.

To these were afterwards added the tribunal of the hundred which really consisted of one hundred and four.

This tribunal was instituted principally to look after the army and its generals.

It is claimed that the government of Carthage was founded upon principles of the most perfect wisdom.

Unlike that of Athens and others, this republic did not for over five hundred years degenerate to factions or seditions, neither were the people oppressed by a tyrannical abuse of power.

As soon as factions arose and authority degenerated to tyranny the republic weakened and to this we trace the first cause of the downfall of Carthage.

We have already, in a previous article, alluded to the Tyrian colony which founded the city of Carthage with the princess Dido at their head.

After some years they became so powerful that they conquered the state of Africa, almost the whole of Sardinia, a part of Sicily and a part of Spain.

It is of the wars in Sicily we will now give a brief account.

We have no account of how or when the Carthaginians first invaded Sicily.

It is only known that they were in possession of a part of it at the time they entered into a treaty with the Romans twenty-eight years before Xerxes invaded Greece.

Xerxes, who aimed at the total destruction of the Greeks, afterwards entered into alliance with the Carthaginians who, eager to seize the remainder of Sicily, agreed to invade with all their forces, those Greeks who were settled in Sicily and Italy while Xerxes himself marched against Greece.

The preparations for the war lasted years; and when they were finally concluded, Hamilcar, considered the best Carthaginian general of the age, sailed with an army consisting of three hundred thousand men of the land army and a fleet of two thousand ships of war and more than three thousand small vessels of burden.

He first laid siege to Hymera a city wherein Theron com-

INSTRUCTING THE DEAF.

°3 manded; who, seeing himself unable to successfully resist the army, sent to Gelon, governor of Syracuse, for assistance.

Gelon, coming at once to the rescue with fifty thousand horse and five thousand foot, the inhabitants of Hymera were infused with new courage and from that time defended themselves with vigor and heroism.

This Gelon was an able general and excelled in strategy.

A spy having obtained a letter for Hamilcar from Selimes a city of Sicily informing him of the day he might expect a certain number of cavalry which he was about to despatch to him,

Gelon sent an equal number of his own cavalry at the appointed time;

which, being received by Hamilcar into his own camp (he supposing them to have come to his assistance) rushed upon him, killed him and ignited his ships.

Gelon then attacked the Carthaginians with all his forces.

They at first resisted bravely but their courage failed when they learned of their leader's death and saw their ships blazing.

As they fled, they were terribly slaughtered.

One hundred and fifty thousand were slain and the remainder of this great army surrendered at discretion as they had withdrawn to a place where provisions or succor of any kind were cut off from them. This memorable battle was fought on the same day as that in the pass of Thermopylae, when the Spartan king Loenidas fought and died with his three hundred faithful ones against the Persian Xerxes.

Ruby Lamont.

A Persian philosopher being asked by what method he had acquired so much knowledge, answered, "By not allowing shame to prevent me from asking questions when

I was ignorant."INSTRUCTING THE DEAF In a previous article, I gave an account of the providential manner in which the system of educating the deaf and dumb was first introduced into America—how the deeply-sympathetic heart of the Rev.

Dr.

Gallaudet was moved by the pathetic sight of childish innocence doomed to a life of darkness and solitude;

how the philanthropist went to Europe and brought over an assistant in the person of Laurent

Clerc a deaf mute teacher of Paris, to impart a knowledge of the system of instructing the deaf in America.

All this has been told, but of the progress of instruction since that time and the various methods of teaching the deaf, few have any idea, or outside of the circle of instructors, are aware of the magnitude of the difficulties encountered in the profession difficulties which have tasked the ingenuity and skill of the most powerful minds of the times.

The subject furnishes an interesting study of mental science worthy of philosophical discussion.

The celebrated Dr. Brown is said to have remarked to Dr. Gallaudet:

"If I were not engaged in my duties in the University, I know of no pursuit in which I would take greater pleasure than in the instruction of the deaf and dumb."It was while engaged in teaching a class of deaf mutes in Boston, that Prof.

Alexander Graham Bell's inventive mind hit upon a device for the rapid transmission of sound to a great distance.

Prof. Bell landed upon our shores a poor man, with the purpose of introducing a system of "visible speech,"invented by his father, a Scotchman.

The system consists of lines or symbols representing the different movements of the mouth to denote letters or combinations of letters.

It is an ingenious system, but on account of the length of time, the symbols require in order to be committed to memory, it is now dropped by the best teachers of articulation.

Prof. Bell is now a rich man and owes his millions to the deaf and dumb, but he leaves the working of his telephone to others, reaping a royalty harvest from it, while he devotes himself to the education of the

INSTRUCTING THE DEAF.

deaf and dumb.

The inventors of the two most powerful instruments, of modern times which annihilate space and time,

Prof. Bell and Prof. Morse—the telephone and the telegraph—were each married to a deaf mute lady.

There must be an affinity between silence and speech.

While Dr. Gallaudet was exhibiting Laurent Clerc around the country, the ease with which the deaf mute wrote in both French and English, appeared as something incredible, and not a few were incredulous that the bona fide deaf mute before them was an impostor.

This being the case, they, happening to be in Quebec, entered a book store, and Laurent Clerc, taking up a book, was inspecting its contents, when the suspicious proprietor of the store stole on tiptoe behind the unconscious deaf mute and violently clapped his hands to test Laurent Clerc's hearing.

The innocent victim felt the current of air on the back of his head, and involuntarily turned round, meeting the exultant eyes of the "doubting Thomas,"and from that moment there was at least one man in Quebec who never could be convinced by any manner of means that the educated deaf mute was anything but an impostor.

There are three methods of teaching the deaf and dumb, known as the Sign

System or the French Method, so-called because it flourished in France;

the Articulation System or the German Method, which has always been a popular feature of education in Germany;

and lastly, the Combined Method, which is essentially an American system.

If I were asked which system would be the most advantageous to the class,

I would unhesitatingly award the palm to the speech system, for it is a privilege, the most dearly prized of all privileges, to be able to converse in the same tongue with the rest of the world. Many a poor mother in the anguish of her heart has cried out:

"Oh if my child could but hear For one short hour till I her tongue might teach To call me mother in the broken speech,

That thrills the mother's ear Alas! those sealed lips never may be stirred

To the deep music of that lovely word."

Persons deprived of hearing stand on the confines of another world, which no art, no skill can bring nearer than it is, and the attempts made towards complete speech are but like the tempting viands placed within easy reach, but ever receding from the famishing grasp of Tantalus chained to a rock by the vengeful gods for presuming upon an equality with them.

The sooner this is understood, the better it will be for the cause of education, and it will be advanced a step, as no deaf mute ever was in point of fact "restored"to society, in all that the word implies, by that method of speech; but thanks to the Combined

System, the deaf mute is able to find "tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and, in short, good in everything;"and what more can be wanted?

I said that the system of Articulation would be the most advantageous, but if I were asked which system is really and truly the most advantageous, a due regard to truth compels a different answer, and this in no uncertain tone.

The experience of prominent educators, who have acquired a thorough knowledge of all systems, which is something that cannot be urged in behalf of others men who have spent the best years of their lives in pursuit of their callings, such as the Gallaudets, the Peets, Gillett of Illinois, who exercises gentle yet beneficial sway over more than six hundred pupils, Prof. Williams of Hartford, an eloquent, keen-sighted educator the experience of all these points unmistakably towards the system of signs as the one best calculated to rouse the dormant energies of the deaf mute, to develop his powers of reflection and observation to their fullest capacity.

Dr.

Moritz Hill, of Weissenfels, Germany, himself an earnest advocate of articulation, has had the candor to acknowledge in the power of the sign system, "a valuable mirror for the teacher, in which the intellectual standpoint of his pupil is exhibited to him, an instrument of mental development and substantial instruction made use of in the intercourse of the pupils with each other,

INSTRUCTING THE DF.AF.

and a most efficacious means of assisting even pupils in the higher degrees of school training, giving light, warmth and animation to spoken language which, for some time after its introduction, continues dull and insipid."After such testimony from such high authority, who would prohibit the use of signs as a method of instruction?

In schools of articulation, the use of signs is strictly forbidden, and that of the manual alphabet excluded, and the whole attention of the teachers is given to speech and lip-reading alone.

As speech has to be taught, not by reading from the text books as is done with the hearing children, but letter by letter, word by word, it can be imagined what a terrible length of precious fleeting moments is wasted in this way, while the elementary instruction in useful branches of knowledge is neglected to the utter injury of the mental development of the pupils who are necessarily dwarfed in intellect, and whose mental grasp of history, religion, science and literature is pitiably narrow as compared to the broad attainments of others taught under the expansive influence of the sign language.

Only one-third of the whole class can derive any benefit from the method of articulation, and to force that system upon the rest is manifestly unfair and unjust.

On the other hand, if a proportion, however small, can be successfully taught by the oral method, they may demand to be taught by that method, as a measure of jus'tice to themselves.

It also follows that the vast majority, who can be better taught by the sign system as even the articulationists admit, that they should be so taught. Some persons may ask, "How is that?

Must we furnish two separate schools for those two classes of deaf mutes?"No, there really is no need of separating the two classes. They can be successfully taught by the same method and under the same roof.

The sign method and the articulation system can be combined under one system, and that is done in all but seven institutions in this country.

This combination goes under the name of the "Combined System,"and it is one which meets all the requirements of education.

All those pupils who retain the power of speech in a more or less degree are taught articulation and lipreading, so that it may not be entirely lost, but still used profitably in communication with parents and friends at home, but at the same time the useful graphic instrument of thought, the language of signs is used in the instruction of all in the same institution, so that the pupils, one and all, may derive the highest possible benefit from both systems.

The Combined System has these advantages in that it saves the energy and patience of the teachers for better purposes, it is a great saving in time when the period of education allowed to a deaf mute is usually confined to six or eight years, it insures a thorough mastery of whatever is taught, and not the least of its advantages is the fact that it furnishes as complete an education as is possible for the least money and for the short time allowed for instruction.

A fac-simile of the single hand alphabet, as used by the deaf mutes of France and America, was printed in the last issue of this magazine.

It is used merely in teaching words, while signs are used in the same way as pictures, to give an idea or representation of an idea.

Jt lias been found by comparison that many of the signs used by the American Indians are identical with those expressed by the deaf mutes, and a conversation could easily became*! on between them.

The finger alphabet requires a word to be spelled with every letter.

There is no omission in a single instance.

That being the case, the manual alphabet would be one of the most useful means of teaching correct spelling yet devised for the benefit of the hearing people, and such a method might be taught with profit in the public schools as an accomplishment like Latin or Greek, not to mention the useful intercourse it would promote between the deaf mutes and the hearing world Such a method o( communication is by no means a modern invention, as is generally supposed.

The Greeks were

DRAMATIC INCIDENTS OF CHURCH HISTORY.

well acquainted with a sort of manual alphabet, as early as 500 B. C, having invented a system of notation by different positions of the fingers and hands.

Solomon, in Proverbs vi:

13, mentioned certain persons who spoke with the feet and taught with the fingers. Pliny makes mention of an ancient statue of Janus, at

Rome, the hands of which were sculptured in the positions representing the number 355, which was the number of days in the lunar year of Numa.

The Romans made use of a silent system of conversation when they desired not to be understood by others looking on, in which some part of the face or body served to indicate a letter, as aurem (ear);

barba (beard);

caput (head); dentes (teeth), or A, B, C, D, etc.

The Eastern nations, notably the Arabs, used all the letters of the alphabet for the notation of numbers, as for example,

A for 1, B for 2, C for 3, D for 4, and so on.

Then they reversed the method, using the numbers for the letters.

It seems incredible that some such method of conversation was not used for the instruction of deaf mutes sooner, but it was not till the year 1620, or thereabouts, that the single hand alphabet was adopted for that purpose by a Spaniard, whose name, Juan Prablo Bonet, ought to be engraved on a tablet of gold for having been almost the first to break through the bands of ignorance and superstition in that age.

The alphabet was introduced into France in the eighteenth century by the Abbe D'

Epee, the predecessor of that Abbe Sicard, whom Dr. Gallaudet visited, and in the Paris Institute the beautiful, simple alphabet was improved upon until it reached perfection.

In the same year, schools of articulation supplemented with the clumsy, awkward double-hand alphabet, were opened by the Braidwood family in England and Scotland.

Nothing but English stolid love of conservatism has prevented the more graceful single-hand alphabet from supplementing the doublehand one.

All things considered, the American system, which combines the French and

German systems is the best adapted to the wants of the deaf and dumb, and the deaf mutes have reason to be thankful for the efforts made in their behalf.

Harry While.

Happines is not outside, but inside. A good heart and a clear conscience bring happiness, which no riches and no circumstances alone ever do.

DRAMATIC INCIDENTS OF CHURCH HISTORY.

That existence is the one grand drama of the universe is conceded;

its epochs constitute its parts, in its characters are the highest and the lowest, each having special interest in its own particular action or part, yet, whether primary or subordinate, working out in worlds or suns what will be finally a complete and rounded whole.

But not alone on this grand scale, this illimitable stage, this immense theatre, is the dramatic form in epochs or periods and acts the rule, but the same divine order marks the secondary or inner monument as pertaining to systems, and on a still smaller scale, and nearer to the vision of man and within his world, to every single orb wherever intelligent existence hath found its place.

This earth in its insignificant, but to man important position, also reflects the same divine procedure; there is an abiding sense of this dramatic unity whether looking at it in its parts or periods, and each period seems divisible into its lesser periods;

as if for purposes of reckoning or keeping time, the great clock of eternity had to be divided into sections, to subserve the better purposes of computation or taking observation of the flight of circumstance and development of intention.

In sacred literature as pertains to this earth, there is a re-

DRAMATIC INCIDENTS OF CHURCH HISTORY.

markable illustration of favoritism on the use of the word seven, or in the formation of periods in which the number seven is a prominent feature; and in the scriptures this number may be said to indicate perfection.

God, having finished this creation rested upon and sanctified the seventh day, and so thoroughly was this ultimately interwoven with Jewish polity that every seventh year the land enjoyed its sabbath—surplus enough for subsistence by special blessing having been provided and preserved in the week a sabbath which embraced also manumission from bondage and a recognized period of deliverance from debt;

still further, at the conclusion of every seven times seven years, the fiftieth constituted to all Israel, the grand climax called and kept as the year of Jubilee.

See Leviticus 25 chapter and Deut.

15.

If this were the present purport, much might be said in regard to this peculiarity of numbers as found throughout the

Scriptures, from the seven days of early

Genesis, to the Apocalypse, or the seven angels and the seven seals prefiguring the periods by prophetic vision of the striking and sublime movements of the last age or "dispensation of the fulness of times."Grand however and tempting as it may be, present intention is not to debate on periods, or angels, or sabbaths, but to present irrespective of these, some striking incidents from time to time in "Mormon"or modern history in connection with the Church incidents, which seem to exhibit those elements of dramatic interest, prominent in some instances and leading, then such as may be seen now and then in man made dramas during the bye-play, yet all growing out of and connected with the inception and having a bearing on the denoument of the history as a whole. Some will have the element of sublime, some of the tragic, others of the ridiculous, but this dispensation to the present has been filled, and its future will yet contain innumerable instances of just such things as, if displayed upon the mimic stage, would show "virtue its own image, and vice its own deformity, and the very age and body of the times its form and pressure."Addison's bridge in the vision of Mirza, was veiled in mist and cloud at either end, and so on the vaster scale of eternity, but few there are who can peer beyond the cloud; of one alone, (so far as it has been revealed to man) can it be said, "the beginning and the end are both alike to Him!"This dispensation however, began within the memory of men now living, and it has been said that there are those in the flesh who will be witness to its consummation, and see the ushering in of the long looked for Millennium or the great sabbath period of an extended thousand years.

To those who live during the present introductory or preparatory period, all its incidents are of interest, though prominence may occasionally be given to one more than another according as tendency, proximity, or participation therein may secure individual preference.

Looking back through the vista of years, it may be said in deference even to human custom, that the town of Sharon in Vermont, was honored in 1S05 as being the birthplace of one man, who was destined to ieave a greater impress upon his age, than any other, potentate or king, for many centuries of the past.

The 23d of December, the date of birth was ushered in probably as silently as most other days have been, and yet to Lucy Smith the mother, such premonitions may have been vouchsafed as were made to the mothers of John or Jesus in the meridian of time!

History however is silent upon this point and however much with present thought, we may speculate upon probabilities, both mother and son, have long since found that rest in peaceful graves, and that appreciation behind the vail which was denied them by their fellows and associates of earth.

Boyhood as a rule is uneventful, particularly among the laboring poor, and in this country, in the sterile section already named, in the period long preceding the present era of intense and prosperous activity, but little could be expected of the historian.

It seems how-

DRAMATIC INCIDENTS OF CHURCH HISTORY.

ever that there was a special providence even in hardships, for while this was endurable by the early colonists or by those who had barely emerged from the condition of war in the pursuit of freedom and independence, yet prompting of the spirit for better conditions was inseparable from the men of that time, and so in 1815 the parents and growing family, including the stripling Joseph moved to Palmyra, New York; thence to

Manchester in proximity, some few years later, yet both close to the location now known throughout the world as the hill Cumorah, from which after many years came the original plates of the Book of

Mormon and consequent organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

But not to anticipate events, we must return to the humble home of the Smiths.

It is plain that they were among that host of Godfearing and honest people who constitute the strength and safety of any state; they may not have been deeply versed in theology, controversial divinity in a sleepy village may not have crossed their way, but when there was what is called "a revival of religion"in their neighborhood they yielded to its influence without question as to its good, feeling only that duty to God, themselves and man needed just such a stimulus as the circumstances provided.

Readers of the Bible, believers in prayer, noted for faith in God (particularly mother Smith) need it be surprising that the whole family partook of the influence of the religious excitement, which became well nigh general in the region round about their home? Well the writer remembers how like an epidemic in simple communities this contagious disease will run; but after it has had its course as in this instance, the sanctities of religious impulse are shocked by contention over the "division of the spoils."

Not unseldom has it been discovered, that while united ministerial effort was being extended in the making of converts, selfishness was looking to the future, and counting probably on the resuscitation of a dying church by the infusion, of new blood, and to the receipt of a salary adequate to the dignity of the minister's profession.

The mother, two sons and one daughter had been drawn to the Presbyterian church, the father and others seemed to be undetermined, to Joseph alone (then some fourteen years of age) did the contention of priestly arrogance seem unbefitting; their "Lo here"and "Lo there,"to his young yet prescient mind was an evidence that there was, to use a common expression, "a screw loose somewhere."

And this occasioned surprise even to his own family, who fancied they saw in this a spirit of insubordination,or what would be equally evil a spirit of irreligion.

Possessed of a nature evidently shy and retiring, particularly as religious thought and probable sense of sin were in the ascendant, and indisposed for this, and by reason of contention, the boy likely made but little expression of his views, but as one of old said "while he was musing the fire burned,"so in this case no doubt, passage after passage of Scripture conned in childhood flitted over his mind, until with universal force was presented that always suggestive but now famous verse, "If any man lack wisdom let him ask of God, who giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not."

Barely fifteen years of age, and as a rustic probably not much given to expression of feeling;

looked upon as a mere lad and not invited to participate in the exercises of religion;

long also before the era of Sabbath schools in that region;

conscious of ignorance, of sin may be, or what he deemed such; sensitive to the influence of that great spirit which was evidently preparing him for his future and bringing both spiritual and mental temperament under unwonted activity; it is not surprising that he concluded to seek for wisdom and understanding, as difference and impulse both seemed to suggest.

The season was propitious, the breath of early spring swept over the earth; sunshine and shower alternated with each other, nature was in sympathy with the lad, and as he retired from home for desired communion with the heavens, probably the mysterious

DRAMATIC INCIDENTS OF CHURCH HISTORY.

silence of the solemn woods was more grateful to his mind than the voice of argument, and the carol of birds waked more music in his soul than did the harsh crackings of contending sects.

In a secluded spot, as far from human observation as possible, he rested upon the grassy sward, and for the first time essayed to personally offer up his prayer to God.

Having from childhood knelt in the family circle under the patriarchal fashion then prevalent, such duty had always devolved upon the elder, but now he must express in his own way, and for his own reason, as he best could, the surging feeling of his heart.

We are told by the boy in his own narrative that when he commenced to offer up his petition, he was "suddenly seized by some power which overcame him, and under that influence he felt his tongue so bound that he could not longer speak."Thick darkness seemed to gather around him, and he felt as if doomed to sudden destruction, but exerting all his powers in calling upon God for deliverance from what he supposed to be some actual being from the unseen world, at the moment of most intense anxiety and alarm he saw a pillar of light, above the brightness of the sun and directly over his head, which gradually descended until it fell upon him.

When this light reached the earth, he says he saw two personages whose brightness and glory defies all description, standing above him in the air.

One of these beings spoke to him by name and said, pointing to the other, "This is my beloved Son; hear Him!"

Here the mind pauses, for this is no common event; ages have fled since any such manifestation was accorded to any human being, so far as history serves;

and yet looking at the matter, however incredulous the disposition, however impossible it may seem to modern religious thought, and however unique in experience, there is such an air of artlessness, such a modest naivete, such an absence of color and exaggeration, and so little to be gained by such a narration, that we unhesitatingly accept the simple statement as unequivocal truth.

The bursting heavens testify to the honesty and simplicity of the lad, to the power of a living faith, and to the restoration of communion with the hitherto presumably barred and sadly silent heavens.

This revelation of "the Father and the

Son,"in the supernal lustre of celestial light, was a fitting prelude in the lonely woods to the realization of all prophetic utterance regarding the latter-day glory, which should come to the earth.

The "Majesty on high stooped without retinue, and without the intervention of minister or plenipotentiary, to hold audience with the selected of eternity in the garb of poverty, and to one veiled (as long considered by men) under the vulgar and common place name of Smith.

No Doctor of Divinity, no scion of royal or aristocratic blood, no possessor of a family name or belonging to a lordly house; but as if to rebuke spiritual pride, and to lay the axe at the root of human assumption, this was to parrallel the former dispensation when He sent His Son to be born in a stable and cradled in a manger, and in maturer life to associate with publicans and sinners, and, to cull from the fishermen of Galilee the exponents of the Divine and ever triumphant will.

It is easy to be understood how the humble Scripture reader instinctively refers in mental action, to manifestations of unexpected relationship, or at least with features nearly similar to the above experience; Stephen at the moment of his martyrdom, beheld the heavens opened and the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God."Moses had more than a glimpse of this same intense and radiant light, when the

Lord appeared to him in a flame of fire from the solitude of old Egyptian woods, and as he wondered how the bush was not consumed, so Joseph had he possessed the experience and the age of Moses, might have wondered also.

When the Apostle Paul was on his way to Damascus, engaged in the prosecution of the early Christians, there suddenly shone around him a great light from heaven, and a voice came to him, which was the voice of Jesus.

Whether this vision of the boy Joseph was purely

7o DRAMATIC INCIDENTS OF CHURCH HISTORY.

a spiritual one, or whether by the bodily eye he beheld these personages is worthy of consideration;

and in the study of psychological phenomena, whether the influence believed by him to have been of evil, was simply the process tending to the temporary severance of the body and spirit so as to make this vision possible to the spiritual eye is also an interesting question.

Paul relates his experience when he had a vision of the glories, and he declares that he could not tell whether he was in or out of the body;

so Joseph relates that after conversation with these visitors, when he came to consciousness again he found himself stretched upon his back, and as it were looking up into heaven.

Without sens3ngit,the boy (during the latter part of the interview at all events) had evidently been in an unconscious or trance condition so far as the body was concerned, we must now return and glance a moment at the progress made in and the results of this accepted and important vision;

the object of this visit to the woods was to enquire of the Lord as to which of the sects were right, the intention being to join the one so designated.

Expressing himself as though he had been overpowered by the superabundant light, and awed by the magnificent appearance of the glorified twain it took time to recover self possession so as to speak and ask the question nearest to his heart;

with unexpected condescension, the reply was given that he should follow none of them, inasmuch as they were all wrong, and the personage who spoke said, "that all their creeds were an abomination in His sight, that their professors were all corrupt, drawing near Him with their lips, but in their hearts were far from Him; that they taught for doctrines the commandments of men, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof."The interview or vision was brief, brief as that vouchsafed to John when he saw the Holy Ghost descend in the form of a dove and heard the voice declare, in language almost the same, "This is my beloved Son, hear ye Him."yet both cases were pregnant with great conclusions, and both marked the opening of a new dispensation or epoch, in the design of Providence and the destiny of man.

How grand and far reaching, how unexpected and yet how natural, how simple and scriptural, how self recommending and truthful, how little garnished by detail or embellished by words, this marvelous experience of a retiring yet perplexed and unknown rustic plough-boy!

Surely a marvelous work and a wonder is this, the dawning of a new era in the backwoods of a little straggling village, the opening of the last act of the great Divine drama in connection with this little earth;

the first act had as participants the same characters, "when the morning stars sang together and all the Sons of God shouted for joy,"and in every succeeding act they have reappeared, moving on to the consummation, through chaos and confusion as seen by limited human vision, yet in all preserving the unities, and exhibiting that order which is said to be the first law of Heaven.

No rhapsody of imagination, no eloquence of tongue, no effort of pen, could portray with graphic power so sublime an occurrence and occasion as the few earnest simple lines of the called of God; and in ages to come when the painter and the poet shall have embellished and glorified this scene, its words of brevity, its terseness of language, its penetrating force, its simple yet sublime expression will only be paralleled by other quotations from Divine record of

Divine tongue, such as, God said, "Let there be light and there was light;""The evening and the morning were the first day;"and "This is my beloved Son,

Hear ye Him!"H.

IV. Naisbitt.

Herbert Spencer's Creed.—This eminent apostle of evolution cannot be regarded as an atheist; he disclaims any such reputation, and frequently gives expression to warm loyalty to the Divine

Power.

He is rather an agnostic: that is, one who does not know the nature or character of the Almighty ruler of the universe, being unable to find out what

A GROVE OF RUBBER

TREES.

He is, and therefore deeming it more consistent with reason to assert ignorance than to assume information on a subject infinitely beyond human reach.

His leading topic of discussion is Evolution, or the development of the universe; and in all his writings it is made a fundamental principle.

Of late, he has given some attention to topics in social and political life and education.

His essays usually are printed first in English periodicals, and then sometimes copied into leading American magazines.

A GROVE OF RUBBER TREES.

It may not be generally known that florists have recently engaged to some extent in the cultivation of rubber plants, to supply an increasing demand for their fresh wax-like leaves, with which the ladies have learned to ornament their rooms.

Nor indeed is it probable that all young readers know that the rubber trees of Brazil, from which is drawn the greater part of the material for all our manufactured rubber articles, are taller than our oaks, and have their branches mostly at their summits.

In the year 1S55, I was at a small settlement in the northern part of Brazil, where I met a Frenchman, M. LaMotte, the proprietor of a large tract of land on which there were many rubber trees.

M. LaMotte was at the time engaged in collecting the rubber gum for shipment to France.

He invited me to go with him to his grove, and I gladly accepted the invitation.

It was a journey of twelve miles to the grove, which we made on horseback, galloping over the country at a brisk rate.

We first crossed a hilly country, then a tract of open prairie, when we came to a ridge of higher land, beyond which lay an extensive valley of wet lands covered with a dense forest.

These were the rubber trees.

On this higher land was a settlement of mud huts, occupied by the rubbergatherers.

Scattered in front of the huts were the pack-mules, grazing with the cattle from which this little community got its supply of beef.

In the largest of these huts we passed the night, and proceeded with the rubbergatherers to their work with the first light of the morning.

These workmen are called serivgarios; seringa meaning juices of the tree, hence seringario, or drawer of the juices, or tapper.

Using a hatchet with a small blade, shaped for the purpose, a seringario made an incision in the bark of a tree, about three feet from the ground.

He then made another above and to the left of the first, and a third on the right.

The second and third he connected with the first incision by grooves cut in the bark.

Immediately a milky liquid began to flow from these wounds down the little channels into a clay cup that was fastened to the tree just below the lower incision.

The operation was repeated until, upon this tree, a large one, the sap was flowing into six cups.

As the sap will only flow in the cool of the early morning, the work is clone by the tappers as rapidly as possible.

By ten o'clock the sap had ceased to flow, the sun having heated the trees, and the wounds in the bark were beginning to heal.

The fluid in the cups was now emptied into pails and carried to a hut.

There a fire was made in which were burned the shells of a nut.

A tapper now took two broad, fiat pieces of wood with handles, and dipped the blade into the milky lluid.

These he then held, with the fluid adhering to them, in the smoke of the burning nuts, turning the blades rapidly so as to expose the sap to the action of the smoke without burning it.

A minute sufficed to blacken and dry the sap so that each blade had a thin coat of rubber on it; and by repeating this operation ten, fifteen, or even twenty times, he obtained as many successive

A GROVE OF RUBBER

TREES.

layers of dried caoutchouc in a compact mass around each blade.

When he had thus gathered about five pounds of the gum on a blade, the tapper cut the edges of the mass, and withdrawing the blade, hung the caoutchouc upon cords or branches of trees to dryAfter two or three days of drying, it was ready for shipment.

To prevent waste from excessive bleeding of the tree, the date of tapping was chalked upon each tree, and it was a rule that no tree should be tapped oftener than once in three days.

The leaves of the hevea, or rubbertree, are about four inches long.

They fall one by one, and are continually being replaced by new ones.

This tree does not have the rest which the trees of our climate enjoy, when, during winter, nature puts them to bed and tucks them up in a blanket of snow.

This fact, taken in connection with its constant bleeding by the tappers, shortens its life.

It wastes like a candle burning at both ends.

Yet the trees increase so rapidly, nature being so fruitful in the tropics, that the supply seems inexhaustible.

The value of a grove depends largely upon three things:

its distance from a place of shipment, the number of paths that have been made, and the facility with which others can be constructed.

The best trees are in forests where there are dense undergrowths;

where paths must be made from tree to tree, so that each tree can be visited two or three times a day.

We remained another night at the grove, and were awakened early the second morning by the negro who had been guarding the cattle, who said he had seen a jaguar at the edge of the forest, which he had frightened back with the dogs.

M. LaMotte at once aroused Jose, his foreman, and after drinking a cup of coffee, we three, armed with rifles and pistols, mounted our horses and galloped some four miles to the place where the negro said that he had seen the beast.

Leaving our horses in charge of the black, we entered the forest in the hope that the dog which Josd had brought might be able to put us upon the tracks of the animal, if he were in the neighborhood.

After a tiresome tramp of about three hours, we came to a stream, on the border of which we gladly rested.

We had seen nothing in the way of game, except parrots in the trees.

Jose had brought a hastily prepared lunch in a haversack.

To dispose ol this lunch, we seated ourselves upon the trunk of a fallen tree, from whence through the intervening foliage, we could see the stream, which was about eighty feet wide.

On the opposite bank there were trees which somewhat resembled our willows, whose long, slender branches hung down over the water, furnishing an attractive place for birds'nests, which were constructed upon the same plan as those of the fiery hangbird.

While we were watching the birds, Jose had been reconnoitering.

He told us that at some distance above us a fallen tree made a natural bridge, which spanned the stream.

His theory was that the jaguar had crossed the water at that place, and would return that way if he had not already passed over it.

He suggested that we should start from that bridge and return through the forest, by a path evidently made by wild animals—very rude and winding, but easier of passage than the route by which we had come—and in accordance with his suggestion we started in single file for home.

We had gone perhaps three -fourths ot the way, struggling often through thick vines and undergrowth, with no hope of meeting the foe, when the dog which had been following his master's steps very demurely, suddenly became excited. He had scented the trail of some animal which he traced through a side path, in which we followed as fast as possible, and soon heard him barking.

We found him at an open space where were several ant-hills, one of which had been recently dug open by an ant-bear.

Just beyond the ant-hills the ground sloped for a short distance to where there was a thick undergrowth of bushes and vines.

At the foot of this slope we came upon a novel sight.

A jaguar had killed an ant-bear;

but the bear, in his death

MY NATIVE LAND.

struggles, had so pierced the jaguar's skin with his long, semi-circular claws, that every time the jaguar raised himself the weight of the bear tore open the wounds.

The jaguar moaned with pain, except when the barking dog came near him, when he would partially raise himself and growl, which caused the dog to retreat to a safe distance.

M. LaMotte said to me, "As you have never killed a jaguar, now is your opportunity."I at once sighted my rifle at a point just below his ear, and put the poor beast out of his misery.

A close examination showed that the claws of the ant-bear had pierced the jaguar's skin at one point and come out at another, so that we had considerable difficulty in separating the jaguar from this death-clutch of the bear.

Feeling now assured that the object of our search was disposed of we resumed our toilsome way to the open country, and reached the huts without further adventure just at the close of the day.—Youth's

Companion.

Frugality is an estate alone.

MY NATIVE LAND.

From nature's hand, A fairer land To me the bright sun ne'er did shine on;

And in simple lays I'll sing to the praise Of beautiful, peaceful Zion.

Land of my birth Priceless thy worth 'Neath heaven's smile thy virtues lay shining;

There the mountains high Pierce the azure sky, And the clouds its silvery lining.

In grandeur crowned The year all 'round, High peaks are polar snows bright showing;

And out of the mountain Springs the pure fountain, Downward dancing, hurriedly flowing.

All clothed with green, Broad meadows seen, Tuft and blade in breezes waving,

While on pond and stream, That in sunlight gleam, Water fowl are their plumage laving.

The fertile fields A bounty yields To the industrious, toiling farmer,

And like falling rain Doth the golden grain, All clean, heap high the spacious garner.

From every rill And grass-grown hill, Like Canaan, milk and honey's flowing;

On verdant incline Feed sheep and the kine, On a thousand hills are thev lowing.

With leap and bound, From startling sound Of gun, the fleet chamois is springing;

And the grizzly bear, Whose cry rends the air, From hunter his burly form's swinging.

Cool breezes blow, Ever they go Health laden from summit and canyon;

While with deafening roar Hastes on evermore Th'wild torrent to join his companion.

Deep lakes so clear, Sweet flowers so fair, Or sunset more sublimely charming,

Have never been seen On this earth, I ween, Than lend their charms this land adorning.

Sweet-noted bird At dawn is heard, In orchard and field, his mate calling;

In consonance he With hum of the bee, Music soft on the ear is falling.

Nestling serene Mid vales of green Are peaceful homes where Saints are dwelling;

And the inmates there Breathe a fervent prayer, With gratitude each bosom's swelling.

Fair Zion's land "A promised land!"Life's too short for telling the story,

But as seasons roll Wi'.l beauties unfold Adding still to thy fame and glory.

J.B.K.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, November, 1884.

HOME-MADE PAPER.

We are compelled to ask the forbearance and pardon of our subscribers, for the long delay in issuing this number of the Contributor, and, by way of explanation, to direct their attention to the paper upon which it is printed.

In arranging for paper for the Sixth Volume of the magazine with the Deseret News

Company, with whom we have contracted for supplies and printing, the latter reserved the right to make or buy the paper, provided that the quality should, in all respects, equal the sample.

The News Company, since completing their magnificent new paper mill at Cottonwood, feel so confident that anything in the nature of book paper can be made by them, that they never even contemplated ordering the Contributor paper from the east; but instead of doing so, ordered a first-class calender, with which to finish it at home.

The only unfortunate feature about this arrangement was the time of sending the order.

The day they sent for a calender was the day paper should have been ordered.

Delays in getting this machine set up and in successful operation, have necessarily caused the delay in issuing the November number; but we have felt assured that subscribers would be lenient in their criticism, when they discovered the cause, and that they would join in the general congratulation of home industry, on examining the paper from our own mill, which equals the best made in the east.

The Contributor has thus far used nothing but the best of material, and the endeavor has been to admit only the best matter in its columns.

The Holiday number containing the Prize Story and

Poem, will be out a few days after the present issue, and we trust that the future numbers will appear, as promised in our prospectus—on the first of each month.

YOUNG MEN AND POLITICS.

Among the many fields which open to the young and ambitious mind, as it starts out upon its life-journey, perhaps none present a more tempting outlet for strength of intellect and copious genius than that of politics.

The constant diversity of opinion attending upon this branch of learning furnishes the peculiarly self-dependent mind of youth and vigor with sufficient stimulus to excite action.

It creates an ardent desire to get conversant with the causes and reasons for all this disparity, and having once been made acquainted with the importance of political results, the young mind becomes anxious to assist in its proper development.

This is especially true of the young men of these

United States, who have been educated under a system of government, in which every member, old or young, has as good a right to express his opinion regarding the measures proposed for the advancement of the welfare of the whole community, as has the President and his Cabinet.

It is this fact which has created an ambition among young men to acquaint themselves with the political questions which continually arise in a country like ours, with such diversified interests, and such varied means of accomplishing a common good.

Nor have the American people been slow in encouraging this desire;

in fact they have on every occasion attempted to engender among their youth an interest in the political affairs of the nation.

With eminent profit to themselves they have judiciously mingled the conservative prudence of old age with the fervent vigor of youth.

They have realized that it has been this co-operation of wisdom and enthusiasm, so notably dominent among the leading nations of every age, which has made their laws and rules of

YOUNG MEN AND POLITICS.

government so valuable to themselves and future generations.

It was sound reason, which suggested to the Romans, that "it was for youth to acquire, and for age to apply;"and accepting this maxim they made a knowledge of existing laws and politics a necessary part of the education of every Roman youth.

Every person, familiarizing himself with the effect of the laws by which he is governed is able with reasonable certainty to ascertain when a law is too oppressive to meet the demands of human weakness or too relaxed to efficiently guard the rights of all.

That all laws are defective is a fact, which necessarily must be conceded.

That they will continue to be so, is a natural sequence of the imperfection of human minds.

But that they ought to be improved as reason and circumstances improve, is a truth which needs no proof.

And upon no one devolves the duties of these improvements with greater responsibility than upon the young men by whom these oppressions have been witnessed, and under whose eyes these changes have taken place.

They are the ones who are called upon to eradicate from the annals of law everything which is not in conformity with reason and the interests of the people, because to the young and pure mind, yet unstained by political trickery, nothing is law which does not conform to reason and justice.

To him the common welfare of the people is the paramount object.

To him a departure from justice points out a departure from the love of that Being, who is the fountain of all laws. To him every oppression of rulers, and every demonstration of tyranny seems to be a call from those that suffer, and gallantly taking on the armor of youthful strength, he defies every encroachment upon the political rights of his fellow-beings, thus gaining for himself not only the gratitude of the protected victims, but also the merited consciousness of having assisted the progress of liberty.

No wonder then that politics have such a peculiar attraction for the young men of our nation.

It is their natural sphere.

Their dispositions and trainings are adapted for its duties.

And with this view of the character of politics, and the duties of a politician, the young men need fear no obstacles that shall prevent them from attaining the highest political distinctions.

As long as they aspire to be politicians in the sense, in which Thomas Jefferson, Daniel Webster and other great men have been politicians, they will be followed by the applause of every honest man in the nation.

These men invariably made every public question subject to principles, emanating from a higher source than a rabble party meeting.

Where justice and the interests of the people were at stake they never stopped to inquire what party it would injure, but only how far the welfare of the commonwealth was endangered.

Animated by such principles as these, the ambitious aspirants for political eminence become the noble advocates of liberty and human rights.

To be associated with the politics of a nation for such a cause and under such circumstances, is a rich reward for even the greatest sacrifices and the hardest labors of an entire lifetime.

To be such a politician, or rather such a statesman, is well worth the assiduous efforts, and the untiring ambition of every young man who is devoted to the interests of his race, and his country.

It is true it would perhaps be vanity for any one to anticipate ever reaching the fame of Thomas Jefferson, or to expect to acquire the high intellectual superiority of

Daniel Webster, still the same roads these men have paced, are passable yet, and the people are constantly clamoring for men, who may in justice be called followers and pupils of these great minds, and who by their integrity, merit and honesty would elevate the existing political standard from the dust, into which it has been trodden.

To young men the nation looks for aid, and from young men they must receive it.

Fritz.

By examining the tongue of the patient, physicians may find out the disease of the body—philosophers, of the mind.

OUR FATHER AND GOD.

OUR FATHER AND GOD.

The present age is emphatically one of philosophy.

Any subject, whether physics or metaphysics, whether it pertain to science or religion that cannot stand the crucial test of logical investigation—of calm and unbiased dissection is, by those most thoughtful, speedily discarded.

There is, however, a large intermixture of error with scientific truths.

Whenever the domain of demonstrated fact is abandoned and speculation substituted confusion is the result.

Hence pantheism, evolution and kindred hypotheses find many earnest advocates.

The uninspired interpretation of Bible history, and particularly that portion relating to man's creation is, to the uninspired logician, inadequate to satisfy his cold intellectual nature, and man's existence is referred to natural results of extremely remote causes.

In addition to the above named class of honest and earnest skeptics, there are two other classes that oppose the advance of true theological science.

One of them is composed of individuals whom we might aptly style philosphical mimics, inasmuch as they ape the manners of philosophers and scientists.

Circumstances may have cut them loose from the moorings of religious traditions and placed them within the influence of modern skepticism, and impelled by vanity (a frequent varnish to shallow minds) they desire to be regarded as "advanced thinkers,"and swallow the gilded bait of false philosophy with the avidity of hungry goslings, never stopping to reason on the principles that underlie the superficial structure.

The other, or Sectarian class, composed of religious mopes, is entrenched behind a mass of erroneous traditions so dense as to defy alike the assaults of Divine Truth or the encroachments of science.

There are millions of those that possess but the rudiments of an education, who are willing dupes of others scarcely less ignorant, because the forms of worship and articles ot faith are hedged about by long established superstitious veneration, so that, neither priest nor layman cares to look for greater light.

"That which satisfied the spiritual cravings of the fathers is good enough for the children,"is of course just as it should be, provided it is truth, which, however, cannot be to any individual without a positive demonstration a patient following of all the lines of reasoning that point to an inevitable sequence.

Hence hundreds of millions of human beings cling to dead forms of faith and worship without being able to explain why.

They have a very dim conception of the actual meaning of the phrase "Our Father which art in Heaven."How familiar and affectionate it sounds, and yet how densely ignorant are the children of this world of the essence of that sentence.

To the intelligent Latterday Saint it emits a world of light and comfort.

It enunciates a principle that indissolubly links the immortal past to the mortal present, and this life to the glorious and infinite future.

The Sectarian idea of God is, without doubt, largely responsible for the skepticism of the nineteenth century.

Thoughtful men and women turn from the intangible nothing worshiped by the mases to the tangible universe, and take cold comfort in unceremoniously turning the bodyless and passionless god of modern so-called Christians completely out of doors.

And when we take all things into consideration is not our respect for the skeptics increased by placing them in comparison with the average "pulpit shouters"of to-day?

Put Ingersoll by the side of Talmage, place Herbert Spencer opposite the Sectarian donation of pulpit orators in this territory and mark the contrast.

Man's existence is shrouded in mystery so dense that it defies the penetration of all human wisdom.

They witness his birth and see him grow to manhood;

they know that every day is a step forward in the march of human progress until, in the full strength of physical

OUR FATHER AND GOD.

and intellectual manhood, he manifests those principles of greatness that stamp him as an eternally progressive being.

The very elements bend to his intelligent will.

The chained lightning flashes his thoughts to the limits of the civilized globe, will soon light his cities and propel the machinery which is the product of his almost infinite mind.

But what an humble ending to so sublime an existence.

He grows old, his body and mind usually yielding to simultaneous decay until finally the force that once sustained his ambitious life departs and he is a clod.

We look on the calm, white face of the dead and ask, <;can it be possible that the invisible power that gave light to the eyes, that caused them to burn with anger, sparkle with pleasure or learn with love and benevolence, that gave animation to the whole frame and impelled the brain to work out some of the mighty problems of the universe, has gone out in darkness? Was it merely a complex combination of natures forces—gaseous vapors that have returned to ellemental chaos?"

Our inmost natures revolt at the idea that man is the result of blind fortuitous nature.

It is almost an universal belief that man has an immortal counterpart, an individual invisible force that will exist forever.

And this is the culmination of all human philosophy on the subject, whether of the scientist, Sectarian or savage.

But why should it end here?

All that we see in the animate or inanimate universe is governed by inexorable law.

All animated nature is but the result of reproduction of forms of life exactly similar to the parent, and that they cannot vary is proven beyond the possibility of refutation.

And it would be extremely unphilosophical to assert that the embryotic form of man during its ante-natal development could draw from the fountain of immortal life the elements necessary to formulate a distinct being—an immortal counterpart of the future man.

It would be a transgression of every known law of reproduction or procreation.

Hence we must assign to the spirit of man the honor of a distinct and separate parentage, an embryotic development and growth from an immortal germ and spiritual matter exactly similar to the laws that produce his mortal body.

The blending of immortality with mortality must be for the purpose of working out some design of the Divine

Will.

The spirit could have remained in its celestial home if the body were of no future value.

The spirit could not be perfect without the body—could not answer the great object of its existence and therefore, this same infinite power that called it into being and provided for its occupation a tangible body will surely at the appointed time call the atoms that formed the mortal casket from their resting place, if it be from the bowels of the earth or the depths of the restless ocean, they will surely come pure and refined, providing for the spirit a habitation perfect in form and feature, and possessing, as Jesus after His resurrection, all the organs necessary to a mortal condition.

The being thus organized, possessing, as He would, all the powers of body and mind in a perfect condition, as also of infinite power and action would advance so rapidly in comprehending the universe and its laws that the grand achievement of mortality would pale into insignificance as stars before the beams of the morning sun.

When we take into consideration the fact that space is illimitable, and that matter, finely diffused, occupies immensity, what a glorious field of usefulness spreads out in its vastness before the being once chained to earth and permitted to contemplate that portion of the universe only, within the range of his natural vision, and capable of merely speculating on its probable origin and hopelessly ignorant of the infinite beyond!

The law of gravitation—once a tangible mystery, would be as simple to His understanding as were the effects of it on earth, and being permitted by the Father, he speeds out into space and far beyond the attracting influence of organized matter He deposits an attracting substance, or forms a nucleus capable of attracting the minute particles of ether, and the first act of organization

HISTORICAL RECORD.

is completed.

Having, while on earth complied with the requirements of the Father in relation to Celestial Marriage, he is thus qualified to become a "Father of spirits,"and his immortal wives become the mothers of spirits, thus obeying the only and eternal law of reproduction.

In the mean time the inrushing particles of ether have been accumulating around the nucleus, and by the force of friction it becomes a mass of living fire, and from out the mass of smoke and vapor emerges a new born system of worlds, and the elements having performed their part in preparing the world for plants and animals, and those also having served the purpose of fitting it for the presence of man, he is placed upon it and with his wives repeats the history of man on this and other planets.

The Being that has organized the world; and placed upon it the germs of animated nature;

is the one most entitled to furnish mortal bodies for his spiritual children.

And when the great drama of life is finished and he with his children are redeemed and glorified, is he not entitled, as the head of an innumerable posterity, to be recognized as a Father and God to those that will rise up and call Him blessed?

Is there anything inconsistent or unphilosophic in the doctrine that eternal progression will eventually exalt human beings to the godhead?

The reverse would be illogical, no other reason for man's existence can be adduced.

In this way only can he be of service in increasing the glory of his Father and God to whom forever he will be a grateful and venerating son and subject.

The doctrine invests mankind with a new and increased interest, and solves the problem of his mysterious existence.

It inspires us to bear in meekness the stripes of our misguided Sectarian brothers.

It inspires the sincere believer in the divinity of Joseph Smith's mission with the faith to persevere in doing the Father's will to the end that he may gain the reward of Endless Life in the mansions of "our Father and God."

J. F. Gibbs.

HISTORICAL RECORD.

NOVEMBER.

I.

1755—The city of Lisbon, Portugal, was destroyed by an earthquake.

1799—Thos. B. Marsh, once a member of the Twelve Apostles, was born in Acton, Massachusetts. 1808-President

John Taylor was born in Milnthorpe, Westmoreland, England.

1833—The mob in Jackson County, Missouri, destroyed much property belonging to the Saints, threatened lives, etc.

1838—Hyrum Smith and Amasa M.

Lyman, were brought as prisoners into the camp of the mob militia.

All the prisoners were sentenced by courtmartial to be shot, but were saved by the interference of General Doniphan.

The Saints in Far West, Missouri, were compelled to give up their arms, after which, the town was pillaged by the troops.

1853—The first number of the Journal of Discourses was published in Liverpool, England.

2 - 1795—James K. Polk, eleventh President of the United States, was born in

North Carolina.

1833—The Saints in Independence, Missouri, fled from the town because of the persecutions.

1S38—Joseph Smith, Jr., and fellow prisoners, were taken to Far West under a strong guard, and permitted to see their families, from whom they were rudely separated and started for Independence.

1SS0—The general election held in Utah for delegate to Congress, resulted in eighteen thousand, five hundred and sixtyeight votes for George O. Cannon, and one thousand, three hundred and fifty-seven for Allen G. Campbell.

3.

1S07—Luke Johnson, once a member of the Twelve Apostles, was born in Vermont.

1843—Knowlton F.

HIS TORICA L RECORD.

Hanks, one of the missionaries to the Pacific Islands, died on shipboard.

He was the first Elder who died and was buried at sea.

4.

1833—A skirmish took place between a party of brethren in Jackson County, Missouri, and the mob. Two of the latter were killed, and several were wounded on both sides.

Joseph Smith, Jr., and fellow-prisoners arrived in Independence, Missouri.

5.

1S33—Upon demand of Colonel Pitcher, the Saints in Jackson County,

Missouri, gave up their arms, after which, they, without mercy, were driven from their homes.

6.

1771—Aloys Snefelder, inventor of lithography, was born in Prague, Austria.

1793—The Duke of Orleans (Egalite) was executed in Paris, France.

1833—The Saints who were driven from their homes in Jackson County, Missouri, commenced to cross the Missouri River into Clay County.

7.

1826—Bishop H.

B.

Clawson, of Salt Lake City, was born in Utica, Oneida County, New York.

18S2 The Utah election for delegate to Congress, resulted in twenty-three thousand, and thirty-nine votes for John T.

Caine, and four thousand eight hundred and eighty-four for Philip T. Van Zile.

8.

1674—John Milton, English poet, died; he was born 1608.

1S3S—General Wilson placed guards around Adam-ondi-Ahman, Davies County, Missouri, and made all the brethren prisoners.

1S41—The baptismal font in the Nauvoo Temple was dedicated.

9.

1799—Bonaparte (Napoleon I) overturned the dictatorial government of

France.

1S18—Apostle Erastus Snow was born in St. Johnsbury, Caledonia

County, Vermont.

1820—Bishop John Sharp, of Salt Lake City, was born in Scotland.

1S41—The Prince of Wales, (Albert Edward) was born in London.

1871—The site for the St. George Temple was dedicated.

10.

1483—Martin Luther, the religious reformer, was born in Eisleben, Germany.

1728—Sir Oliver Goldsmith, noted author, was born in Ireland;

he died 1774.

1S38—General Wilson ordered every family of Saints out of

Adam-ondi-Ahman, Davies County, Missouri, in ten days.

11.

1561—Hans Tansen, noted reformer, died as bishop, in Ribe, Denmark.

12.

1035—Canute, the conqueror (Kundden

Store), died in Shaftesbury, England, about forty years old.

—Peter Tordenskjold, the renowned

Danish marine commander, was killed in a duel with Colonel Stahl, in

Germany.

13.

1S33—A grand meteoric shower took place in the United States, which cheered the banished Saints in

Missouri, and frightened their enemies.

1S37—President Joseph F.

Smith was born in Far West, Missouri.

14.

1779—Adam G.

Ohlenschlceger, famous Danish poet, was born in Copenhagen;

he died 1S50.

1S32 A terrible conflagration destroyed a large portion of the city of Buffalo, New York.

15173S—Sir Friedrich Wilhelm Herschel, renowned astronomer, was born in Hanover, Germany; he died 1S22.

16.

1S64—A fearful storm did much damage in Northern Utah.

17.

1869—The Suez Canal was opened.

18.

1S43—Hon. James Sharp, Mayor of Salt Lake City, was born.

President B. Young was discharged from custody by order of Chief Justice White.

19.

1S05—Vicomte Ferdinand de Lesseps, founder of the Suez Canal, was born in Versailles, France.

1S31 President James A.

Garfield was born in Ohio.

184S—The Nauvoo Temple was destroyed by fire.

1S72—The Palestine Party, consisting of Geo. A. Smith, Lorenzo Snow, Feramorz

Little, P. A. Schettler, George

Dunford, Mrs. E. R. Snow Smith and

Miss Clara S. Little, arrived in Liverpool, England.

1S79—The first Y. M.

M.I. Association in Scandinavia was organized in Copenhagen, Denmark.

8o PUDLICA TIONS RECEIVED.

20.

1879—The first Latter-day Saint Female Relief Society in Scandinavia, was organized in Copenhagen.

21.

1841—Baptism for the dead was commenced in the basement of the Nauvoo Temple.

1867—The Deseret Evening News was first issued.

1873—The Utah Southern Railroad made its terminus at Provo.

22.

1854—The first number of the Luminary was published by Erastus

Snow in St. Louis, Missouri.

23.

1844—Edward Hunter was ordained a Bishop, and set apart to take care of the Fifth Ward of Nauvoo.

24.

1808—Jean Alphonso Carr, French author, was born in Munchen, Bavaria.

25.

1562—Lope Felix de Vega, noted Spanish poet, was born in Madrid.

26.

181 2—Napoleon I commenced to cross the river Berezina with the French army, closely pursued and almost surrounded by the Russians.

1879—A.

P. Rockwood, one of the seven presidents of the Seventies, died in the Sugar House Ward.

27.

1701—Anders C.

Celsius, Swedish astronomer and natural philosopher (inventor of the thermometer bearing his name), was born in Upsala, Sweden;

he died 1744.

Through intense malice, Judge McKean called up the case of President

Brigham Young, and thus compelled him, while in feeble health, to travel all the way from St. George to Salt Lake City in the dead of winter.

28.

1839—Joseph Smith Jr., arrived in Washington, D. C.

1859—Washington Irving, famous American author, died.

1878—Apostle Orson Hyde died in Spring City, Sanpete County,

Utah.

29.

1834—Joseph Smith Jr. and Oliver Cowdery made a conditional covenant with the Lord that they would pay tithing.

This was the first introduction of that principle among the Latter-day Saints.

30.

1016—Canute the Conqueror (Knudden Store) was proclaimed King of

England.

1838—Joseph Smith, Jr., Hyrum Smith, S. Rigdon, Caleb Baldwin, Lyman Wight and

Alexander McRae were incarcerated in Liberty Jail, Clay County, Missouri.

The upper story of the Nauvoo Temple was dedicated.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

Pictorial Bible and Commentator for young people, by Ingram Cobbin.

Agent for Utah, Richard S. Home, Salt Lake City.

We have previously called attention to this book, which on careful examination proves to be a very valuable work for the purpose for which it is designed—the entertainment and instruction of young people by means of scriptural studies.

We cheerfully recommend it to the Associations, believing it will be a valuable acquisition to their libraries.

Parry's Literary Journal.

A new magazine, whose plan and purpose is avowed to be to supplant the light, trashy literature so extensively circulated and read in the community.

The Journal consists principally of extracts from the leading periodicals of the old and new worlds.

It is nicely printed, and we trust will meet with the success it deserves.

Rich-Hartley Discussion.

The discussion held in Ogden some time since, between Elder Ben E.

Rich and Rev. Richard Hartley, upon the principles of the Christian religion, has been published in very nice little book form, and is one of the best pamphlets that the young men of the

Church can possibly get and read.

The discussion was one of the most interesting ever held in Utah, and drew out thousands of people each night.

The arguments of the opponents are so characteristic of the labors of Elders in the world, that any young man who desires a foretaste of the experience he is sure to meet upon a mission, cannot do better than get a copy of the RichHartley

Discussion and read it.

We recommend this little work to the Associations, who will be greatly benefited by its distribution among the members.

Price twenty cents. For sale at Juvenile

Instructor office, and orders are taken for it at the Contributor office also.

V. n. M \ isi- v.

M. K.

( I'M MING.".

^AB^lKl &&$&k m.ry<>.

rt. wixhek. n:

oS mhi $rea^<ut $tcH§.

Sole Agents for the Celebrated

PARIS RANGES.

Everything in Tinware and Granite

Iron Cheap as the Cheapest.

68 Main &tree>t, Salt Laki* City.

EMPIRE) C KM PIKE.

f JU A$ mm>t> Dealers and Conti^actors.

I MEAT MARKET.

DE-vTer3rt]a.Irigr in g~cut Line First Class.

All Kinds of CURED MEATS in Season.

EMPIRE.

FIRST SOUTH ST..

CORNER COMMERCIAL.

EMPIRE.

ELIAS

MORRIS, EUn AI IIIISTE Mil, Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and CONTRACTOR, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES & CO., Plumbers! Tinners s Gas and Steam Fitters, Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes,

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main St.

Great Variety.

All Select.

The Best and Cheapest in the Market.

JOHN READING, P. O. Box 358.

Second Souih Street -CHAS. ABBOTT & SON,- MAKE A SPECIALTY OK istings AT LESS THAN EASTERN PRICES.

Stove Castings, etc.

349 Sixth South Street, w.

P. O. Box 1105.

URTO General DVCerclia-nd-ise, In relation to The people of Utah are sensibly united in perfering those made at Salt Lake City.

Look f^r the JFjrand.

=t®9 A. YOUNG, '5 *4 Main StM Salt Lake City.

Dr. Seymour B. Yonng;

Office and Residence, 4th East

St., tween South Temple and 1st South Sts.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, >JTo. 1287 First South Street W WJSSTS & SOWS* 2P?eyrieto¥0* ifabe ^Ito^s o^ ^«|d firje Choicest of iftetfs ii) Sensor) PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA.«^ r^AND ALL, KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fitsg- Jill Order* entrusted *o our Care promptly Quivered.

\.?*ZZ.-1 T7...„\ai^U\ i4*l£.-M B. H. QODDAHD.

JUNIUS P. WELLS.

H.

J. GKAKT.

.**»*• ««AW** Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

-~^ R©pp©s©ctjt Nlem© bat Wlvst GOass C©crapact?©8. -w^—

aurai gESo: is jil&jzyb qihe ohejkpebq:.

Office: Old. Oon.stit-u.tion. B-u.ild.ing-, Salt T ialce Oit^r.

^OIILTTIMIIE] SISZ, 1884-5.

The publisher lakes pleasure in directing attention to some of the principal features of the

New Volume, which will commence with the October number and be issued on the first of each month thereafter:

THE AAROXIC PRIE8TUOOJ).

A series of twelve papers by Bishop Orson F. Whitney.

This series will be accompanied by

FOUR FULL PAGE STEEL ENGRAVINGS:

Edward Partridge, First Bishop of the Church.

Newel K. Whitney, Bishop of Kirtland.

Edward Hunter, Late Presiding Bishop.

Wm. B. Preston, Present Presiding Bishop.

Biographies of each will appear with the engravings;

also biographical sketches of the late Bishops Leonard W. Hardy and Edwin D. Woolley.

The Early Christian Church and the

Apostasy, By Elder George Reynolds.

Celestial marriage and Congressional

Knactments, By Elder B. H.

Roberts.

Martyrs of the Church, An account of those who have suffered martyrdom in the latter days.

Dramatic Incidents of Church History.

By H. W. Naisbitt, Esq.

Australasia and the Maories, By W. W. Day, Esq.

Scenes and Incidents in Sunny Italy,

By Dr. E. B. Ferguson.

Modern India, By Elder William VV. Willes.

Music in Utah, Including a tribute to the memory of the late David O. Calder, by Evan Stephens, Esq.

Historical Glimpses of Colonial

Times, By Lieut.

Richard W. Young.

The Carthaginians.

Including a brief life of Hannibal, by Maria M.

Johnson.

Popular Science Sketches, By Prof. James E. Talmage.

Health Series, By Heber J.

Richards, M. D.

Temple Stones, By Theodore J. Angell.

fiarly Home I<ife in Jfew England,

And other sketches, by Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells.

Haunts of British Poets, Birthplace and grave of Byron;

Burns'cottage and monument; home of Shakspeare.

A Historical Record, Preserving interesting dates and events of each month, by Andrew Jenson, Esq.

A PRIZE CHRISTMAS STORY AND POEM,

For the "Contributor Souvenir Medal"and prizes.

Association Intelligence, Correspondence, Book Revieios, Questions and Answers and a great variety of first class reading matter.

Officers and members of Associations are urgently requested to write for the magazine.

TO AGENTS AND OFFICERS OF Y. M.

31.

I. A:

We have made arrangements to distribute to the libraries of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, free of cost, Ten

Webster's Unabridged Dictionaries, latest edition, as described in the advertising pages of the CONTRIBUTOR, and sold at retail for $12.00 each, subject to the following conditions:

To the Y. M. M.

I. A. library of each of the ten Wards having the largest paid up subscription list for Volume Six, on the sixth day of April. 1885, will be given a Webster's Unabridged

DICTIONARY.

Any Ward able to supply thirty subscribers may hope to be one of the fortunate ten.

Agents in places where there are more Wards than one will always state the Ward everv subscriber lives in when sending their names.

SUBSCRIPTION:

Tavo Dollars per Annum, in Advance.

Bound Volumes, Two Dollars and a Half.

Volumes bound in excellent style for subscribers at Fifty Cents each.

Jen per cent will be allowed Agents on collections made by them..

General Traveling Agent, MATTHIAS

F. COWLEY.

Address.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Contributor Office, Main St., opposite Z. C. M. I., P.O.Box 305.

Salt Lake City.

Remit bv draft, P. O. Order »r registered letter.

L U U I U i L u i A Man saved $2,000 in five years, and invested it in a house.

A fire occurred and destroyed it.

The savings of years were gone in an hour, leaving him without a home or household goods.

He might have saved $[,500 had he not neglected the opportunity to insure against fire, which would only have cost him $9.00.

An opportunity presented to everybody, by First Class Companies, which have never failed to pay a loss.

Like many others, he put off the day, thinking he was safe.

But fires occur when and where least expected.

It was his turn to lose before he was insured.

It may be yours next.

Who knows?

Considering the small cost at which the best insurance can now be obtained, every man ought to insure his home, and not take the risk of losing it by fire, when great and responsible companies are willing to do so for a nominal percentage.

Many people delay insuring under the impression that it costs too much.

They were never more mistaken.

Look at the following figures:

For $12.00, you can insure your house Three Years, and if a fire occurs to destroy it within that time, get $r,ooo.oo for your outlay.

That is, you insure $1,000.00 in case of fire at a yearly rate of $4.00, or abont cents a month^ little more than one cent per day.

This in the best companies which never fail to pay.

For particulars send to or call on

OLD CONSTITUTION BUILDING, SALT XjAIE^E CITT", Tli Largest Insurance Agency in Dial..

Gep. T. Udell Heber J. Grant.

J. F. Giant.

GRANT, ODELL & CO., (S-CTCCESSOBS TO Hi. B. lUZ^.TTISOHT..)

Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.

DEALERS IN Wagons, Carriages, Machinery & Implements.

Tlie OeleToratecL E \7\1l And ROAD CARTS.

GILPIN SULKY PLOW, **- °$«& fc?Low s&ti:mUni WALTER A.

WOODS HARVESTERS.

Massilon Th'i\eshef^s, Wand Plows and Way Rakes.

Harness and General Agricultural Supplies.

m Agents of the Contributor.

The enterprise of agents is roiling up splendid lists in s me wards, which are determined to win the "Webster's Unabridged Dictionaries."Every -ward that can get about thirtysubscribers paid up by April 6th, 1885, stands a chance of carrying off one of these valuable premiums.

Officers of Associations and agents should not fail to do their best in canvassing and collecting before the time expires.

SEND IN YOUR LISTS WITHOUT DELAY.