The GLory of God is Intelligence.

vol.

V.

MARGH, 1&S4.

No- & ©r)e A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE U1NT& EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WELLS.

SAX.0P X,A)K€ CXTTT, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1884.

PAGE History of the Book of Mormon.

Contents of the Records.

V...George Reynolds Political Institutions.

IV jf. M. Tanner The Millennial Star George C. Lambert Moral Effects of Tea and Coffee "A Marvel and a Wonder"yames H. Hart Daniel, the Medo-Persinn Prime Minister.

Hannah T. King 2i5 Whims of Celebrated Men Selected The Visible and the Invisible y. L. Robison Ferfect Law of Liberty B. H. Roberts Co-operation.

Ill H.

W.

Naisbilt The Canadian Metropolis J. H.

Ward.

The Political Situation III N.

Tanner, J Heritage of Drunkenness Editorial:

General Thomas L. Kane Association Intelligence:

Conference—Eox Elder Sandwich Islands Associations..

|. J $cl}tmn I $&, Wholesale and Retail Dealers in

FARM MACHINERY.

Moline Wagons, Deering Twine Binders, Buford Rock Island Plows, Quaker City Mowers, Eagle Hay Rakes, Single Reapers, Etc.

s-^-iyr Xj.a.k::e: citt, tjt.a.h.

P 0- Box, 75 Send for Circulars and Price Lists-

THE OLDEST, LARGEST and ost Complete furniture fjstalstoent ii tie Jtay Mountains.

lET"CARMFUL ATTENTION aiVJSN TO OMDEMS BY MAIL.

H. DINWOODEY, First South Street W- Dr. Seymour & Yoirag, Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

ILOWSBS i SHTO1B1BY.

Great Variety.

All Select.

The Best and Cheapest in the Market.

JOHN READING, P. O. Box, 3)8.

Secoud south Street.

RED FRONT, First East, Between First and Second South StreetsGENERAL AGENTS FOR UTAIL IDAHO AN0 MONTANA,—FOK THE—

AC«.« „—»>*» *.^^.

Dealers in All Kinds of Hardwood and Wagon Material, California

Victor Mowers, Plows and Farm Machinery, Etc., Etc.

AARON FARR, Manager.

0FFE23 A HJLL LUTE 0?

General 0)e^ghandise| WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CfTY.

fkJ<S> AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

jaEflrg, ¥@a¥pig'pro B@¥g'ciieipiNS.

'CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK,"AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLINK BOOKS, STATIONERY. INK. ETC.

1884.

SEASON OF 1884.

1884.

ANNOUNCES A FULL SUPPLY OK Williams'Reapers and Mowers, Johnston Reapers and Mowers, Weir Sulky and Hand Plows and Harrows, Seeders,

Drills, Hay Rakes, Cultivators, Horse Hay Forks, etc.

Proprietor and Manufacturer of the ROSIER FAHBISG MILL.

OFFICE AMD YARD CORNER EAST OF THEATRE,

SALT LAKE CITY.

To States of Horns-made BOOTS and SHOES.

.

The,1ust re/iown of the Boots and S&oea made by 1 C, VL. L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Goods.

SO- BEvFASE OF IMITATION. -®9 Purchase only those bkaetSG OUK BRAND.

1*P* H.

B. CLAWSQN, Dealer In Wool, Hides, Pells, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane Mills, James

Leffel's Turbine wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

BUTE MS ffllMML IU20H2, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER,

BUILDER & CONTRACTOB;

P. 0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAEE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PLPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

¥PHOLSTE—m./WA/VW"-"m.

Bedding,.-^AVA/VVW*^.

f UE^NITUF^E, Feathe f^s—^AVV-'VlW-*—

Blind—^VA/YrtV—

Baby CABRIAGES,

T IK E

C E I, E ItKAT EI> -A.23.cL BOA.D C^-RTS.

DRALF.RS IX WAGOSfS. CARRIAGES.

SN MACHINERY A\» IMPLEMENTS.

Ileher,T. Grant,.7. F. Grant (SUCCESSORS TO L. B. MATTISON.) Half Block South of Theatre, HARNESS AND UE.V'KRAb AGRICrri/TIJlCABi SL'1»1»I>BES.

MASSILOM THRESHERS, HAND PLOWS, III

RAKES.

t m JO SOm CO 0^% %3 WB0 SALT LAKE CITY.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN Dry (foods, Grsoeries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, lotions, ^^"J> ALL KINDS OF GENERAL MERHAJfDISE.

Best 3bd£c&ia.!3© IToi^ IPamily Supplies.

S.

IF. TE3ASDEL, P.O. box 38%.

Fast Temple Street.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, <G^5=7Vo. 1237 First South Street W Jf^be ^itonjjs oi] ^K)9 ffye Choicest of Mqfe ty Season/

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ rfeAND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fllQF* jflii Orders entrusted to emr Qa.r« promptly Q)*livmrmi.

The Glory of God is Intelligetice.

Vol. V.

MARCH, 1S84.

No.

6.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON,

THE CONTENTS OF THE RECORDS.

It was not until the year B.

C.

that peace was fully established.

It found the Nephites in a comparatively demoralized condition.

The protracted conflict had developed the usual train of evils; moral and physical, that follow the wake of war's desolations.

No sooner, however, was the conflict over, and men's minds grew calmer, than the Holy

Priesthood went forth in the power of its sacred calling-, and commenced the work of reformation and reorganization.

These labors were greatly blessed.

Abundant prosperity followed;

the Nephites spread abroad far and wide, and soon commenced to swarm by tens of thousands into the Northern Continent.

How much this people had previously been given to ship building is entirely hidden from us.

Nephite ships are not mentioned until this age.

Now a certain artificer named Hagoth, established ship building yards on the western side of the Isthmus of Panama, and thence many thousands of emigrants sailed northward.

It is scarcely supposable that this industry started into existence all of a sudden in such an advanced stage;

it is much more reasonable to suppose that, though we read nothing of these things in the Book of Mormon, the Nephites had already learned to navigate their rivers and large inland seas;

but this is possibly the first time that long ocean voyages were undertaken, and as such, marked a new era in the progress of this people. Some of Hagoth's ships never reached their destination, and it is supposed that they, with their living freight, were carried out to sea by storms, ultimately reaching some of the Islands of Polynesia.

In this way it is probable, and the traditions of the enfeebled races inhabiting these islands coincides therewith, that the Sandwich, Society, Friendly and other groups were peopled with remnants of the house of Israel, extending at last, as far as New Zealand, whose aborigines speak a kindred language to those of the

Hawaiians and other peoples inhabiting the islands of the

Pacific Ocean.

We now come to one of the saddest chapters in the history of this branch of the house of Jacob.

We refer to the establishment and organization of the Gadianton bands of assassins and marauders. The contention, bloodshed and misery that they brought, in after years, often exceeded the troubles incident to the invasions of the Lamanites.

These robbers were held together by terrible oaths, signs, passwords, etc. Vengeance quickly followed upon any who revealed their secrets; and owing to the increasing instability of the Nephite character, these bands rapidly grew to such alarming proportions that they controlled the elections, and creatures of their choice were called "by the voice of the people"to occupy the most exalted positions in the state.

We can well imagine the numerous evils that afflicted the Nephites under their administrations;

no man's life was safe, no woman's virtue was protected—life, pYoperty, liberty, and all else were at the mercy of these assassins, and the people soon

20 2 HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

discovered that the "tender mercies of the wicked are cruel."We will skip over the various seasons of peace and war, godliness and sin, pride and humility, that characterized the checkered course of the Nephite republic at this age, for they are but the repetition of the oft told tale of repentance and renewed apostasy; to be followed by partial repentance again, when the hand of misfortune was laid upon them.

In the year B.

C.

39, Helaman, the chief judge, died, and he was succeeded by his son Nephi, one of the most remarkable characters for faith and righteousness that graces the annals of the Nephite race.

The years that Nephi judged his people are some of the darkest in Nephite history.

Owing to their great pride and iniquity, the Lord left them to themselves, and they became weak like unto the Lamanites, man for man. When war was declared, the latter, being much the more numerous, carried everything before them.

In vain the Nephites struggled for their homes and their liberties.

They were forced back by the hordes of the Lamanites from city to city, from land to land.

Manti, Gideon, Cumeni, Moroni, and even Zarahemla fell.

Nor did the war end when the blood-thirsty Lamanites held high carnival in the midst of its towers and palaces.

Onward swept the invading host; backward, yet backward fled the defenders of the commonwealth, and backward they continued until every town and city, every tower and fort from Melek to Moroni, from Manti to Bountiful, were filled with the savage, half-disciplined, dark-skinned warriors of Laman.

Not a place could be found in the whole Southern Continent where the soldiers of the Nephites successfully held their ground.

Zarahemla, with its hallowed associations, its glorious temples, its proud palaces, its luxurious homes, its courts of justice, where the chief judge sat in the magnificence of almost kingly authority to administer the law—this their queen city, the seat of their government, the head centre of their civilization, the home of their highest priesthood, was in the hands of their merciless, vandal-like foes.

Nor had the danger stopped; with hurried hands they built a line of defence across the Isthmus of Panama from sea to sea, for the unnumbered hosts of their conquerors were still pushing northward.

This line of fortifications was effectual, it stopped the roll of the barbaric tide northward, and the Lamanite commander rested with the conquest of a continent.

From Panama to Terra del Fuego his armies held undisputed sway.

(B. C. 33.) The year following, Moronihah, Moroni's able son, who had succeeded his father as chief captain of the armies of the republic, reconquered the most northerly portions of South America;

but on account of the lack of faith and good works among the Nephites, his victories stopped there.

At this period took place that glorious mission of Nephi and his brother Lehi to the Lamanites, already mentioned in the history of that people, which ended in the conversion of so many of that race, and the restoration by them of the Nephite territory to its former owners.

Peace, peace throughout the vast continent, from north to south, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, followed this restitution and the reformation which came after.

A Nephite could visit and do business in every part of the wide land, and so could a Lamanite.

This goodly peace brought stability, stability brought wealth, wealth engendered pride, pride gave birth to numerous sins, to be followed by contentions, dissensions, and then wars.

These evils begat sorrow, sorrow softened their hearts to repentance, repentance was followed by the blessing of God, which again brought peace, prosperity and, by and by, riches.

Within four short years of the happy time of universal peace we have just referred to, the riches of the world had induced stubbornness and rebellion towards God, combined with the insane desire to rob, plunder and murder their fellowmen.

If there ever were a people swift to do evil, it was the Nephites of this generation.

In the year B. C. 26, Cezo-

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

ram, the chief judge, was murdered by an unknown hand, as he sat on the judgment seat, and his son, who succeeded him, suffered in like manner within the year. The Gadianton robbers grew in strength, numerically and morally, and were actually fostered among the Nephites, while the more righteous

Lamanites utterly destroyed all that they found within their borders (B.C. 24). The one people dwindled in unbelief, the other grew in grace and in the power of God's divine Spirit.

The next year (B.

C.

23), the chief judge, Seezoram, was assassinated by his brother Seantum. Two years later, contentions even to bloodshed prevailed among the Nephites, which developed into open war the year following, and so continued.

These troubles had their origin in the iniquity of the people and the machinations of the Gadianton bands. To stay the fratricidal bloodshed,

Nephi besought the Lord to send a famine on the land.

The Holy One heard and answered his petition, the heavens became as brass over the earth, the rains ceased, the crops failed, and the people perished for want of food.

Two years passed (B. C. 19 and 18), and the third came, and still the refreshing rain was withheld (B.

C.

17).

During this year the people, humbled by their sufferings, turned towards the Lord.

They endeavored to root out iniquity from their midst;

they destroyed the Gadianton robbers and established the government on a more righteous foundation.

Nephi, observing the change in their conduct and feelings, interceded with the Lord in their behalf.

His prayers were answered, the welcome rain descended on the parched-up soil, and a bounteous harvest once more crowned the labors of the husbandman (B. C. 16).

The repentant people now regarded Nephi in his true light, they revered him as a great prophet, and for a few short years they listened to his teachings.

While they did so they prospered.

But the leaven of unrighteousness had too thoroughly permeated the national life for their faithfulness to God to be of long duration.

Two, three, or perhaps half a dozen years they would maintain their integrity, and then corruption would seethe, the vile would snatch the reins of government, the good would be oppressed, and contention and war, with all their horrors, would again reign supreme.

Thus it was after the three years of famine. For two years there was peace;

in the third there began to be much strife (B. C. 13);

in the next the Gadianton bands reappeared, and carried havoc among their more peaceable fellow countrymen.

Going on, year by year, they grew in iniquity and ripened for destruction. For many years Nephi strove to stem the tide of vice;

at times partial success rewarded his unceasing efforts, and he had joy in the baptism of some honest souls.

But the great bulk of the people had rejected the Gospel, they had no love for its holy principles, and were unfit for its blessings.

In due time the signs of the Redeemer's birth, foretold by the prophets, appeared in the heavens.

There were two days and a night of constant light;

when the sun went down there was no darkness.

This brought great joy to the hearts of the faithful, and the majority of the people joined the church.

But those who were righteous were not strong enough to overcome the vast hosts of Gadianton robbers, who time and time again, swarmed from their mountain retreats, and carried carnage, rapine and desolation to the homes of both Nephites and Lamanites.

So great was the misery entailed by these invasions, that the chief judge at last determined to gather all the people into one place, and by a policy of masterly inactivity wear out or starve out the invaders.

We can scarcely understand how terrible must have been the misery endured by the nation at this time, to have caused the conception and execution of such a measure.

Can we picture to ourselves the scenes that must have occurred as the people of two continents converged to one gathering place?

From the lands of the great lakes in the north, from the stormy Atlantic seaboard, from the coasts where the mild Pacific ebbs and

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

flows, from the regions of the southern

Andes the migrating hosts flowed together to Zarahemla and Bountiful, the lands selected as the temporary gathering place.

They came with their flocks and herds, their grain and provisions, leaving nothing that would help to sustain the robber bands while they continued to wage their unhallowed war.

(A.

C.

17.) This state of things continued several years.

Many of the bloodiest battles, in the records of the race, were fought at this time, but at last the armies of the robbers were destroyed (A.

C.

21) and peace and righteousness again prevailed;

but it was not until five years later (A. C. 26) that the people returned and repossessed their old homes.

The next year the laws were revised according to justice and equity.

They had, doubtless, been violently tampered with during the times that the Gadianton robbers held control of the administration and elected the officers.

Great good order now prevailed throughout the land. Soon new cities were founded and built, and many improvements made.

Yet for all this, the peace was short lived.

Iniquity and dissension soon began to again raise their hideous heads, and the prophets and servants of

God were persecuted and illegally condemned to death. A revolution followed the attempt to correct these wrongs, and the republic was disrupted (A.C.30).

The people now divided into numerous tribes, with their distinctive regulations, laws and chiefs.

In the midst of these discouraging conditions, Nephi (the son of the Nephi last named) continued to preach the word of truth.

He also performed many miracles; even in one instance he raised his brother, named Timothy, from the dead.

On the fourth day of the thirty-fourth year, the promised signs of the Savior's crucifixion began. An unparalleled storm raged throughout the land for three hours.

During its short continuance the whole face of nature was changed;

mountains sank, valleys rose, the sea swept over the plains, large stagnant lakes usurped the place of flourishing cities, great chasms, rents and precipices disfigured the face of the land.

Many cities were destroyed by earthquake,, fire, and the tumultuous overflow of the waters of the great seas.

Three days of unnatural and thick darkness followed the horrors of the tempest, and from the heavens the voice of the Lord was heard by the affrighted people, proclaiming the destructions that had taken place.

Some time after, exactly how many weeks or months is not apparent, Jesus appeared to the people as they were assembled near the Temple in the Land

Bountiful. His divine appearing brought the advent of the brightest and best days of Nephite history.

He ministered to them the ever blessed laws of the gospel of eternal truth and divine love, of heavenly light and infinite salvation.

He healed their sick, he blessed the'r babes.

He called men to the Holy Priesthood and organized the Church, and so thoroughly filled the people with the influences and powers of the eternal worlds, that evil utterly ceased in their midst, they were united in all things, temporal and spiritual; universal peace prevailed;

love, happiness, harmony, joy, everything desirable to make the life of man a perfect condition of unalloyed holy happiness reigned supreme;

indeed it may be said that a type, a foreshadowing of the millennium for once found place and foothold among the erring sons of humanity.

It is almost surprising that this happy state did not continue forever.

But man was yet mortal, subject to the wiles, the snares and the deceptions of the Arch Enemy. In process of time the first love cooled, men grew tired of continued unexciting peace, selfishness again found place and false creeds and apostate churches again appeared (A.

C.

200).

The members of the true church returned to the ways of the unregenerate and no longer had their goods in common, and by the year A.

C. 210 many churches were established opposed to the true Church of Christ.

From this time the wicked went on increasing, the righteous were persecuted, and in the

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

year A.

C.

a great division took place and the people were again divided into Nephites and Lamanites.

Here commences the last chapter of the history of the Nephite race.

In our sketch of the history of the Lamanites, we briefly reviewed, in its general aspects, this last bloody struggle between the two races.

As the portion of the Book of Mormon which describes this great war is one with which the general reader is not as familiar as with some others, it may be well, in closing the history of the

Nephites, to give the events that led to, and ultimately culminated in, their terrible destruction, in chronological sequence.

It was in the year A. C, that actual war broke out between the Nephites and Lamanites, for the first time since the Redeemer's appearing. A number of battles were fought, in which the armies of the former were victorious.

Four years later the sanguinary contest was renewed.

In the interim iniquity had greatly increased.

As foretold by the prophets, men's property became slippery, things movable were subject to unaccountable disappearances, and dread and distrust filled the hearts of the disobedient.

When the war recommenced, the youthful Mormon was chosen L to lead the armies of his nation.

The next year saw disaster follow the

Nephite cause.

That people retreated before the Lamanites to the north countries.

The year following they met with still further reverses, and in 329 A. C.

rapine, revolution and carnage prevailed throughout all the land.

In 330, the Lamanite king, Aaron, with an army of forty-four thousand men, was defeated by Mormon, who had fortytwo thousand warriors under his command.

Five years later the Lamanites drove the degenerate Nephites to the land of Jason, and thence yet further northward to the land of Shem.

But in the year following the tide of victory changed, and Mormon, with thirty thousand troops, defeated fifty thousand of the enemy in the land of Shem, which he followed up by such energetic measures that by the year 349 the Nephites had again taken possession of the lands of their inheritance.

These successes resulted in a treaty between the Nephites as one party and the Lamanites and Gadianton robbers as the other. By its provisions the Nephites possessed the country north of the Isthmus, while the Lamanites held the regions south. A peace of ten years followed this treaty.

In the year 360, the king of the Lamanites again declared war.

To repel the expected invasion, the people of Nephi gathered at the land of Desolation.

Here the Lamanites attacked them, were defeated and returned home

Not content with this repulse, the succeeding year they made another inroad into the northern country, and were again repulsed. The Nephites then took the initiative and invaded the southern continent, but being unsuccessful, were driven back to their frontier at Desolation (A. C. 363).

The same season, the city of Desolation was captured by the

Lamanitish warriors, but was again wrested from them the year following.

This state of things continued yet another twenty years; war, contention, rapine, pillage, and all the ho-rrors incident to the letting loose of men's most depraved and brutal passions filled the lands.

Sometimes one army conquered, sometimes the other.

Now it was the Nephites who were pouring their forces into the south; now the Lamanites who were overflowing the north.

Whichever side triumphed,that triumph was of short duration;

but to all it meant sacrifice, cruelty, bloodguiltiness and woe.

At last, when every nerve had been strained for conquest, every man collected who could be found, the two vast hosts, with unquenchable hatred and unrelenting obstinacy, met at the Hill Cumorah to decide the destiny of half the world.

It was the final struggle which was to end in the extermination of one or both of the races that had conjointly ruled America for nearly a thousand years (A. C. 385).

When the days of that last

POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

fearful struggle were ended, all but twenty-four of the Nephite race had been, by the hand of violence, swept into untimely graves, save a few, a very few, who had fled into the south country.

The powers, the glories, the beauties of this favored branch of Israel's chosen race had sunk beneath a sea of blood, the word of their God, whom they had so long disregarded was vindicated, the warnings of His servants were fulfilled.

Geo. Reynolds.

Hope the best, get ready for the worst, and take what comes cheerfully.

There never was a mask so gay but some tears were shed behind it.

POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

The necessity ofsociety,and the means by which it has been organized, having been discussed in the preceding articles it now remains to show how the organization may be controled and kept up.

Referring again to the simile of individual growth, it will be seen that the government under which a person serves from childhood to about twenty-one years of age is that of the parent; that in the beginning it is absolute, and that certain privileges accompany every advancing year.

But we are not to suppose that no restraints follow the period emerging from the parent's control.

Society then steps in with every license and privilege peculiar to it, and demands homage to its powers, ceremonies and opinions.

These indirectly act to enforce certain conduct, which insures safety, and to punish for every departure from the customs and views inherited from all the peculiarities of social discipline.

It not unfrequently happens that the benign influence of a parent's absolute control is more conducive to happiness than that which society creates.

Men seem to take satisfaction in and to justify any influence which they aid in creating as members of society, whether it results in prosperity or otherwise.

In contending for rights, the ancients and those who now belong to governments more or less absolute stood out against the measure of some individual potentate, some king who had usurped power to influence the populace to give up certain of their rights and to acquiesce to unjust measures and social evils.

In every State there have been reformers contending against the monarch in the interest of the people.

From the unjust rule of one man the populace was made to suffer.

This suffering, however, was not universal, for the rulers, even in absolute governments, were bound in a great degree to the will of the people but the suffering was realized more by the minorities, that have always been found to contend in every State against the aggressions of their ruler and for certain liberties.

It is indeed a rare exception, if any can be found, where raonarchs have wielded for any length of time a discipline in opposition to the convictions of the majority concerned.

History fully attests the fact that there is a tendency to cling to customs, discipline and sentiments entertained for generations and held invincible by the past and the present generations.

To make a departure from these codes of discipline is to incur the displeasure of the State, which forces a restraint on the minority making the departure.

The decree which binds men to these usages may come from the political head, but opinions of the majority demand it.

Progress and reform have been made by breaking down the old and constructing the new.

Moreover, history conclusively shows that these departures come at first from a minority, and that the liberty of the minority thus to act has been contested by the monarchs of every age.

Liberty, then, in whatever stages it appears, refers to the minority, even in

POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

despotic governments, for the majority enjoy, even through their monarch, all those inherited and accustomed privileges which their lives properly or improperly directed entitle them to.

(Lest those who boastfully call themselves "Liberals "in Utah, construe my statements concerning the reform of the minority to apply to themselves in their zeal for anti-Mormon interests, I will state that they are in no way entitled to the name of minority in the departure from social discipline, for they are merely spurs in the heels of the power that lacerates the flesh in the sides of the people so politically ridden.)

When new principles and independent views take root in the mind, they always find the soil in which they have to grow filled and knitted with plants and roots of older growth.

A process of weeding at once takes place, or, in other words, the old customs and habits are choked by the new.

But every force and rootlet of the old plant resists the action of the new, and it might be said that the new is thus benefited, for if the trunk above the surface is to tower in the sunlight and choke out the new, below the surface its roots must be held until they have strength to sustain the trunk above.

The pent-up forces in the kernel burst the shell only when they have sufficiently matured to take root.

Likewise new social organisms by restraint husband their force, and derive nourishment and strength buried in the soil over which persecution hovers.

The great social reforms that have moved the nations of the earth, have had their forces husbanded in the beginning by all kinds of opposition, as if whatever the works of God had given birth to must come forth in pain.

Social progress, then, seems to be one of destiny, while the relative position of man in weaving the fabric of civilization is evidently one of option.

He may help to constitute the beam around which the warp of customs and prejudice are wound, or he may enter the shuttle whence issues the threads that fill up and unfold the warp of ignorance.

Growing, as reforms have, from a mere nucleus, they have always been carried forward by the minority, and that the minority might not be impeded more in their work than is healthful to the new institutions, liberty has always made its demands for them.

It must be evident, from the foregoing, that it matters little what the form of government is, so long as the prejudice of the majority is persistently directed against the work of the minority, for Expediency has always dethroned Justice, and made him for the occasion wear the purple of another cut.

But it often happens that minorities institute measures unfit to be tolerated.

Because of this some have imagined the minorities to be always in the wrong;

and the question might be asked, How shall the majority discriminate?

I use the term majority here because

I dislike the term government, which only proves to be a cloak that covers up the prejudice of the majority.

In most cases it is deceptive, and serves to make people believe that Punch and Judy are the real fellows, while they never conjecture that the wires to whom our politicians are attached would pull a leg up when the muscles should let it down.

The great question of liberty in government is one then that deals almost exclusively with the minority.

People make their government either directly or indirectly, that is, the majority, and it would be absurd to suppose they could construct one on a higher level than they were themselves—written or unwritten constitutions not to the contrary.

How, then, to deal with the minority is the information which the State requires.

I can do no better than to quote from John Stuart Mill, who, in dealing with the subject, advances sound principles as follows:

"'The object of this essay {Essay on Liberty) is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the way of legal penalties, or the moral coercion of public opinion.

That principle is this, that the sole end for which mankind'are warranted, individually or collectively, in

20S POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS.

interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection.

That the only purpose for which power 'can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others.

His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant.

He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right.

These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil, in case he do otherwise.

To justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to some one else.

The only part of the conduct of any one for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others.

In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute.

Over himself, over his own body and mind the individual is sovereign.

From this liberty of each individual, follows the liberty, within the same limits, of combinations among individuals;

freedom to unite, for any purpose not involving harm to others.

The persons, combining being supposed to be of full age, and not forced or deceived.

No society in which the liberties are not, on the whole, respected, is free, whatever its form of government;

and none is completely free in which they do not exist absolute and unqualified.

The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their effort to obtain it. Each is the proper guardian of his own health, whether bodily or mental and spiritual.

Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves, than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest."The difficulty in dealing with the liberties of the individual or community lies in the standard which society in all ages has erected for the control of its members.

Men have mistaken impressions for reason, and passions control the judgment;

and as impressions and passions are chiefly the outgrowth of the customs and manners of the age they constitute the standard of public opinion and national legislation more than any code of principles entitled to the consideration of the public mind.

There are two forces designed to correct public evils, and each serves to strengthen the other when left to its own sphere.

There is the coercion which governments inflict, and there is the punishment by ostracism or class distinction which public opinion enforces.

It is when the former encroaches upon the domain of the latter that minorities are deprived and made to suffer.

As it is not possible to separate the functions of one from those of the other with exactness, certain definite principles and rules are entitled to consideration as belonging to the most approved methods of dealing with the subjects of legislation.

Since government is a punisher and society a patron, it is the duty of government to constitute itself a defender in the sense that individuals are to be protected against the aggressions of the members of society.

People's views of refinement, taste, culture and social and family discipline are not entitled to the consideration of legislation, except where aggressions, directly and indirectly, are to be prevented.

When government assumes the functions of a reformer and presumes to dictate those conditions of human happiness which in its judgment will further the interests of mankind, it grows more intolerant and bigoted since it is governed by the passions and sentiments which always control social organisms.

The old adage that "the best thing in the world out of place is a nuisance,"is particularly true regarding government.

Nor do free governments usually direct their labors in the way of social reforms, and assume an air of philanthropy until corrupting evils require that the people's minds be diverted, from vital issues pertaining to the functions of government to those exciting prejudices on social topics.

J. M.

Tanner.

THE MILLENNIAL STAR.

THE MILLENNIAL STAR.

The number for December 31, 1883, closed Vol. XLV of the Millennial Star, the oldest existing periodical published in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Evening and Mortiing Star, published in Missouri, The Messenger and Advocate, and the Elders'Journal, in Kirtland, Ohio, and the Times and Seasons in Nauvoo, Illinois, were all issued previous to this, but through the bitter persecutions and insufferable outrages to which the Saints were subjected, they were one after another forced to suspend.

The Millennial Star was established in May, 1840, and has been published continuously ever since.

Its history is a most interesting and checkered one, and intimately associated with that of the work of God in the British Isles during the past forty-three and a half years.

The presiding man of the Mission has nearly always been its responsible editor (though not always its chief writer) and in its pages have the great truths of the Gospel been sent forth to the world.

The principal events that have transpired in the Church during that time have also been chronicled in it, and as an evidence of its historical value, the back volumes are eagerly sought after and preserved.

The Star has doubtless had more changes of editors, and included a greater variety of talent among those who have been editorially associated with it, than any other magazine has in twice the length of time which it has been published.

It was first issued in Manchester, with

Parley P.

Pratt as editor.

In March, 1842, Liverpool was made the headquarters of the Mission, and the publishing office was removed to that city, and has remained there ever since, though not always in the same place.

It was first established at Chapel Street, and about this time Elder Thomas Ward became associate editor, and on the return of Elder Pratt to America in October, 1842, he was made editor-in-chief, as well as President of the Mission.

Elder Reuben Hedlock subsequently arrived from Nauvoo, and became the Presiding

Elder of the Mission, but Elder Ward still continued editor of and principal writer for the Star, as he did also after

Apostle Wilford Woodruff arrived in January, 1845, to preside over the Mission.

With the commencement of the 6th volume, however, in June, 1845, Elder

Woodruff became senior editor, and Elder Ward associate, the latter doubtless still doing most of the writing.

About this last mentioned date the office was removed to Stanley Buildings, Bath

Street.

With the beginning of the 7th volume, in January, 1846, Elder Woodruff having decided to return to America, Elder Ward again became the editor, and Elder Hedlock the President of the

Mission.

On the arrival of Apostles Orson Hyde and John Taylor in October, 1846, to assume the presidency of the British Mission, the first-named became editor of the Star, and the publishing office was removed to 135 Duke Street, and the following month to No. 6 Goree

Piazza.

Elder Orson Spencer was expected from America to relieve Brother Hyde, but news having been received that he was dead, his- obituary was published in the Star issued January 1, 1847, and in the next issue Elder Hyde announced his own departure for America, and the appointment of Elder Franklin

D. Richards to the presidency of the Mission and office of editor.

Elder Richard's tenure of office, though, was very brief.

He only remained to edit one number of the Star;

indeed, his name was not even published in that as editor, but Orson Spencer's instead, for, strange to say, he landed in England twenty-three days after his death had been announced, and enjoyed a privilege which most mortals are denied that of reading his own obituary.

In June following, the office was removed to 39 Tarbock Street, and in August, owing to the sickness of Elder Spencer,

Brother Richards, who had been acting as his assistant in presiding over the

2IO THE MILLENNIAL STAR.

Mission, also came to his temporary relief in editing the Star for one number.

Brother Spencer continued as editor (having Elder L. O. Littlefield assisting him part of the time) until August, 1848, when Apostle Orson Pratt arrived and relieved him of his duties in that line as well as in presiding over the Mission.

At that time also the publishing office was removed to 15 Wilton Street.

In March, 1850, Elder Pratt, having occasion to make a trip to America, called Elder Eli B. Kelsey to act temporarily as editor.

On the 29th of the same month Apostle Franklin D.

Richards, who since leaving England in February, 1847, had been to Salt Lake Valley, returned, having been appointed to assist

Elder Pratt in presiding over the European Mission.

Elder Kelsey, however, continued to do most of the editorial work, until the return of Elder Pratt, in

July, 1850, when he resumed his old position and continued until the end of the year, when he retired to journey to Utah, and Elder F. D. Richards took his place.

In May, 1852, Elder Samuel W. Richards succeeded to the office of President of the Mission and editor of the Star, and continued until relieved by Apostle

F. D.

Richards, in June, 1854.

About this time Elder James A. Little was appointed to labor in the office, and he assisted somewhat in the editorial work.

In March, 1855, the office was removed to 36 Islington, the same premises which are still occupied, though the number has since been changed to "42."In January, 1856, Elder E. W. Tullidge was called to assist in the editorial department.

In July, 1856, Apostle Orson Pratt, having again arrived in England, resumed the duties of President of the Mission and editor of the Star, and in the following November he called Elder

John A. Ray to succeed Elder James A.

Little in assisting him.

In October, 1857, Elder Samuel W. Richards again came into office as President and editor, and called Elder Henry Whittall to assist him in the editorial department.

In March, 1858, Elder Asa Calkin succeeded to the position of President and editor.

During: his term of office Elder Thomas

Williams was connected with the business department, and doubtless also lent a helping hand editorially.

In May, i860, Elders N. V.Jones and Jacob Gates became the presiding officers of the Mission, and upon the former devolved the editorial work.

Apostles Amasa M.

Lyman and Charles C. Rich succeeded them in August, i860, and the former became editor.

In January, 1861, Apostle George Q.

Cannon became editor of the Star, and soon afterwards purchased press and type and established a printing office, that he might not be dependent upon other offices for the printing of the Star,

Journal of Discourses and other publications, being issued by the Church.

Elder Whittall at that time assisted in the editorial work, and later on Elder Geo.

J.

Taylor also helped.

In May, 1862, Elder Eugene Henriod was appointed to labor temporarily in the same line.

During this same month it became necessary for President Cannon to make a brief visit to the United States, and Elder Jacob G.

Bigler was placed in charge of the Mission until his return, which occurred in the following September.

In December, 1862, Elder E.

L.

Sloan was appointed assistant editor, and he was succeeded in March, 1863, by

Elder Wm.

H. Shearman.

Elder John C. Graham followed in the same position in March, 1864, and was succeeded by

Elder Jos. G. Romney in June, 1S64.

President Cannon returned home in September, 1864, and Elders D.

H.

Wells and Brigham Young, Jun., afterwards jointly presided over the Mission, and the former edited the Star.

In February, 1865, Elder J. V. Hood succeeded Elder Romney as assistant editor.

President Wells returned home in September, 1865, and Elder B. Young, Jun., became sole President of the Mission and chief editor of the Star.

During the same month Elder N. H. Felt was appointed to assist in the editorial work.

During Elder Young's presidency, he was also assisted at different times in the editorial department by Elder Aurelius

Miner, Apostles Orson Pratt and Franklin D. Richards, and Elder C. W.

THE MILLENNIAL STAR.

Penrose.

Elder F.

D.

Richards succeeded to the presidency and editorship in July, 1867, Elder Penrose continuing to assist in the editorial work.

In September, 1868, Elder A. Carrington commenced to preside over the Mission and edit the Star, having for his assistant in the editorial department Elder

George Teasdale, and afterwards Elder John Jaques.

Elder Horace S.

Eldredge became President and editor in June, 1870, and Elder Jaques continued to assist editorially until June, 1871, when the former was succeeded by Apostle A. Carrington, and the latter by

Elder Geo.

Reynolds.

In July, 1S72, Elder James G. Bleak came in as assistant editor, and was succeeded in April, 1873, by Elder S. S.Jones, who in turn was followed by Elder John C. Graham in June of the same year.

President Carrington, having occasion to return home in October, 1873, Elder L.

J.

Herrick was left in temporary charge, Elder Graham still doing most of the editorial work.

In March, 1874, Apostle Joseph F. Smith became President of the Mission and editor of the Star, and between that date and September, 1875, when President Carrington succeeded him, Elders John C. Graham,

L. J. Nuttall and E. Hanham acted successively as assistant editors.

The last named was succeeded in January, 1876, by Elder D. McKenzie, who was followed by Elder H. W. Naisbitt the following October.

President Carrington again returned home in June, 1S77, and was succeeded in office by Apostle Joseph F. Smith.

On the death of President Young, in the following August, President Smith was called home, and left Elder Naisbitt to do the editorial work, which he did entirely, until President Wm. Budge came, in July, 1878, to preside over the

Mission, and afterwards acted as his assistant until relieved by Elder John Nicholson, who came in as assistant editor in

September, 1878, and labored in that capacity until October, 1880, when Elder C. W. Stayner succeeded him.

President Budge started home, and his successor, President Carrington, arrived November 6, 1880, and during the presidency of the latter, which extended to November, 1882, the office of subeditor was filled successively by Elder Stayner and Bishop O. F. Whitney. The.

latter also acted as assistant to the present editor, who succeeded President Carrington, until relieved in March last by Elder George C. Lambert.

No less worthy of mention than those who have labored editorially upon the Star are the missionaries, who have worked in the office as printers, among whom are Elders Joseph Bull, Walter J.

Lewis, Jos. H.

Parry, Joseph Bull, Jun., and Geo. C. Lambert.

Nor must we forget to mention the fact that our old friend, Mr. W. L. Davies, has served the office for the past twenty-two years as the foreman printer, laboring faithfully and satisfactorily, though his patience has doubtless been often sorely taxed amidst the variety of tastes and styles of the numerous editors.

Space will not permit, or we should be pleased to mention in this connection those who have labored in the business department of the Star office.

George C. Lambert.

Moral Effects of Tea and Coffee.

—That eminent German physician, Dr.

Bock, writes, with reference to the moral influence of the favorite beverages of society, as follows: "The nervousness and peevishness of our times are chiefly attributable to tea and coffee; the digestive organs of confirmed coffee-drinkers are in a state of chronic derangement, which reacts on the brain, producing fretful and crying moods.

Fine ladies addicted to strong coffee have a characteristic temper, which

I might describe as a mania for acting the persecuted saint.

The snappish, petulant humor of the Chinese can certainly be ascribed to their immoderate fondness for tea. Beer is brutalizing, wine impassions, whisky infuriates, but eventually unmans.

The alcoholic drinks, combined with a flesh and fat diet, totally subjugate the moral man, unless their influence be counteracted by violent exercise."

"A MARVEL AND A WONDER.""A MARVEL AND A WONDER."This wondrous age of science, and notable inventions,

Has gained a notoriety for wonderful conventions.

The strongest of all gatherings, the largest and the best,

Is the wonderful assembly of "Mormons"in the west.

Its faith and wondrous increase are without a parallel,

Its glorious ultimatum, the Gods alone can tell The prophets have described the work as like a little stone,

That, cut from Heaven's quarry, has to a mountain grown.

'Tis dangerous to fall upon this stone, so bright and rare,

And to its boasting enemies its Author says "Beware."'Twill break the strongest legions who in their armor trust, While those on whom it revolutes 'twill pulverize, as dust.

"Behold,"said the Eternal, "and

I will now proceed To do a work and wonder, a work so strange, indeed,

That men will gaze and wonder, but won't believe it true, Though angels and Apostles declare it unto you."Not only faith, but Gospel works, for ages done away,

Are now restored in plenitude, and those who will obey May know that God has spoken from heaven once again,

And organized His Priesthood for ever to remain.

A church without Apostles is a church of human birth, And cannot save its vot'ries from the curse of mother earth

The Church of Jesus Christ is blest, in every age and clime,

With Prophets, Seers and miracles, and truths the most sublime.

'Tis known by other features, all sharp and well defined,

And cannot be mistaken by the least enlightened mind;

"All men shall hate you for my sake, for so they hated me, But you must be united, as the branches of a tree."'Tis charged against this people that they always vote one way

That Prophets, Priests and Bishops they sacredly obey

That strike but one among them, and thousands feel the smart,

And multitudes retaliate, as with one throbbing heart.

Such is the character of men, and women, too, of Zion,

Who bravely battle for the truth with the courage of a lion

In whom the qualities combine that constitute the great

Ambassadors of Heaven and ministers of State.

Their faith is anchored firmly in the mighty Rock of Ages

They rank with patriarchs, and kings, and memorable sages.

The women, too, are models of what women ought to be,

Who fight the battles of the soul for truth and liberty.

'Twas something new, and strangely true, to hear the Prophets say, "We have the Apostolic power, and teach the only way

By which mankind can graduate and gain eternal life, And that to gain this excellence 'twill take both man and wife."

They told that in the realms above, where friends immortal meet,

That those, and only those, forsooth, entitled to a seat

As kings and priests, with guarantee of increase evermore,

Are men like Father Abraham—with wives one, two or four.

No man without the woman will have the right to stand

On equal footing with the Prince enthroned at God's right hand

"A MARVEL AND A WONDER."'Tis emphatically written, in His most holy word,

That man, nor woman, is without a consort in the Lord.

Some say that they are willing to be angels, and be blest

With angels'life and glory, and ever be at rest.

Did they but know the secret of an angel's future state,

They'd know them as the servants of the honored and the great.

They'll have no joys of increase, the reason they will not

Is 'cause of single blessedness, such is an angel's lot;

And such will be the future of millions who are free

To choose their own condition and honor Heaven's decree.

This union for ever, by keys restored again,

With other keys and gifts and powers, for ever will remain.

Of all the glorious blessings that God has ever given,

There's none so full of life and joy as this great gift of Heaven.

Thousands of so-called celibates to marry do not dare,

Although surrounded daily with the fairest of the fair

Their lives are blighted with the curse of Popish foul decree,

While nature and her God demand that all shall married be.

Who authorized the Romish Church to countermand the word

To multiply and fill the earth, as given by the Lord?

Opposing, not alone the word, but nature's law of life, That guarantees to every man the right to have a wife.

'Twas told by ancient prophets that such would be the way,

Some would forbid to marry, as thousands do to-day

That wolves would enter in the flock, led by the man of sin,

Who, not content with shearing close, now tan the Christian skin.

Who authorized the modern priests, with swelling words, to say

That God is not a God of miracles to-day?

Who gave them power to change His laws and ordinances plain,

And preach their foolish dogmas for policy and gain?

Whose'grand conception is the scheme that people shall not marry?

It savors of the policy of one they call Old Harry,

Who poses as a moralist, with missionary zeal,

And succors every kind of creed for public woe or weal.

He's shocked at plural marriage, on the patriarchal plan,

And fights with desperation each honorable man

Who helps to build the temples, as by Jehovah led,

In which may be administered baptisms for the dead.

The everlasting Gospel is a menace to his cause, And those who have the courage to embrace this code of laws

Must breast the Christian torrent of concentrated lies

Such is the only way to win the great celestial prize.

He has to-day his Talmages, with blatant zeal possessed,

Who advocate the slaughter of the people in the west

Their hearts are full of bitterness, and void it like a flood, And revel in the hope to steep the nation's hand in blood.

Petitions for this purpose, all gotten up with care, Inspired with fiendish spirit, and mixed with fervent prayer,

Were sent from Christian churches with desperate intent,

To steel the iron hand and heart of this great government.

Utah has been the target for Christian Church and State,

And States United have conceived against her bitter hate

Unhallowed combinations have held her by the throat, And from her plural eye have tried to pull the little mote.

"A MARVEL AND A WONDER."They do not see the Cyprian beam in monogamic eye,

But wink their Christian eye serene, and pass it gently bv Its courtezans and paramours they register and vote,

And down the stream together so merrily they float.

'Tis not a noble spectacle to see a nation brave

Drifting, with reckless fury, upon the tidal wave

Of ignorance and folly, determined to annoy

A people Christian states have tried to utterly destroy.

The Gentile social system is a veritable blot, A monogamic legacy of misery and rot

The victims of its lechery are spurned with pious hate,

While those who basely victimize are honored with the great.

The social curse ne'er reaches them—and this the reason why

They're "Christian"men and legislate with social standing high

Away with such distinctions, and treat them all the same, And let these thugs of morals be branded with the shame.

The nation cannot well afford to fight against the power

That gave it strength and victory in dark and trying hour

It cannot well afford to show a more destructive hand

Against a people organized by God's direct command.

If men of brains and judgment would seriously think,

They'd see our mighty government e'en now upon the brink

Of ruin and destruction, and that, forsooth, because

Of reckless violation of fundamental laws.

And why should Congress legislate God's people to oppress,

And pander to their enemies, and lovingly caress

The fiends who trample on the rights of true and honest men?

When wilt thou bring deliverance, O God of Glory, when?

'Tis given by great Jehovah's immutable decree

That those who dwell upon this land shall be forever free.

It is not therefore in the power of man to long enslave

A great and noble people pre-eminently brave.

The right of local government we've sought for years in vain

The powers that be assume the right o'er us to rule and reign,

Unmitigated scoundrels as rulers have been sent

Poor, perjured representatives of this great Government.

But they, and those who sent them, in all their plans have failed,

And through repeated failures with bitterness have wailed

They've robbed us of the franchise, with Puritanic zeal,

And look with desperation for another chance to steal.

'Tis not the inbred spirit of our confederation,

For which the patriots bravely fought in making us a nation

And we must battle for the rights their sacred honor won,

And carry on the noble work the prophets have begun.

This government was founded by Heaven's just decree,

And human rights and liberties are held by guarantee

Though wicked combinations may seek our lives to-day,

To-morrow, like the worthless chaff, they'll all be blown away.

So on the mighty arm and power of God we put our trust,

And those who measure arms with Him will surely bite the dust.

He has buckled on His armor, and will tread the winepress o'er,

And soon His host of enemies will trouble us no more.

James H. Hart-

DANIEL, THE MEDO-PERSIAN PRIME MINISTER.

DANIEL, THE MEDO-PERSIAN PRIME MINISTER.

In reading the history of this great and good man, whose career was so singularly remarkable, we cannot fail to realize that the finger of God was upon him from his earliest days that his destiny was traced out from the beginning; and his early history shows that he was of the royal seed of Israel, "children in whom was no blemish, but well-favored and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability to stand in the King's Palace, and to whom they might teach the learning, and the tongue of the Chaldeans."Daniel and three other young Hebrews were chosen for this high and exalted position, and the King commanded that their meals should be furnished from his own table, and the same wine which he himself drank.

Nebuchadnezzar was kingly in all his actions; yes, in his very nature, and this act, simple as it may be thought, demonstrated it.

But it seems from the first, Daniel had a platform of his 'own, and hence he humbly, respectfully, but wisely, determined to choose his own diet, in place of the sumptuous delicacies of the royal table.

Many would deem this a foolish punctilio, but trifles often denote character, and in this was displayed the germ of the man who was to be "a power behind the throne,"even of that most absolute monarch, and also to his successors.

To that King was he "a burning and a shining light,"even the delegate of God on earth; and not only to the King, but to his whole kingdom, and to stand for all time as a Prophet to unborn nations.

After ten days had passed the young

Hebrews were taken into the presence of the King, and he was pleased with their appearance, and conversed with them on matters of wisdom and understanding, and found them more advanced than all his own magicians and astrologers.

Two years pass away, and we may well surmise that Daniel and his companions were perfecting themselves in all the sciences of the day, and in the worship of the God of their fathers.

At the end of those days the wonderful dream of King Nebuchadnezzar is the topic of the Court All the magicians and wise men have been called to interpret the dream, but they are unable to solve it. Now it appears that Daniel must have had free access to the King, which alone denotes him to be high in favor, for we read, second chapter of Daniel, sixteenth verse "Then Daniel went in, and desired of the King that he would give him time, and that he would show the King the interpretation."Then Daniel went to his house and made the thing known to his three friends and colleagues, that they should desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret.

"Then was the secret revealed to Daniel in a night's vision and Daniel blessed the name of God for ever and ever, for wisdom and might are

His."He is then introduced into the presence of the King, and behold! He gives him the long-desired interpretation of his dream.

Then the King fell on his face, making the Eastern salaam before Daniel, and declared that "his God was one that revealed secrets, and that He was the God of Gods."This gift of Daniel raises him at once upon the ladder of fame, for the King made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and the chief of all the wise men.

Then Daniel remembered his three friends, and presented them to the Kinoas fitting recipients for his favor and promotion, and the King set them over the affairs of the province of Babylon, "but Daniel sat in the gate of the King."

Nebuchadnezzar showed through all his life a love and veneration for Daniel that did honor both to his heart and head; and it appears that during the fearful aberrations of the King, Daniel acted not only as Prime Minister, but as

Regent also, and with him his three colleagues, the friends of his youth. We gather this from the words of Nebuchadnezzar himself, in his last grand procla-

DANIEL, THE MEDO-PERSIAN PRIME MINISTER.

mation, "unto all people, nations and languages that dwell in all the earth."In verse thirty-six he especially mentions his lords and counsellors, among whom as the most prominent character was the immaculate, wise and sublime prophet

Daniel.

This great and good man lived through the reign of three Kings—Nebuchadnezzar,

Belshazzar and Darius—and was evidently a ruling power in all their kingdoms, for heathens though they were, they had been shown that the God of all the earth was with them, and they acknowledged and honored him whom they had seen God honor and protect.

They well knew there was a power with Daniel they had seen in no other being, and by his consummate tact and wisdom he ruled the rulers.

The second King is Belshazzar.

He is called the son of Nebuchadnezzar, but was in truth his grandson, there being no word in Hebrew or Chaldaic for grandfather or grandson, so Jesus is called the son of David in a still remoter generation.

His mother was no doubt the daughter of Nebuchadnezzar, and the sequel shows her to have been a wise and good woman.

The character of Belshazzar is that of a fearfully wicked and debauched human being.

The awful judgments inflicted upon his grandfather appear to have been entirely ignored; his own father was a captive within the walls of Babylon, but he closed his heart against all filial affection, and lived the daily life of a sensualist, reckless of the state to which his kingdoms had been reduced;

and not knowing what hour he and his empire might fall.

But at this time it is said, "Belshazzar the king made a great feast to his lords,"and this banquet brought his sinfulness to a climax.

There was nothing wrong in giving this "feast,"but it was the way in which it was instituted and conducted, and it was also ill-timed.

True, the walls of the city were strong and high; true, its gates were barricades in themselves;

true, it had provisions within its walls for twenty years; but the army was vanquished, the royal father a prisoner in the hands of the invaders, and the whole army of the Medo-Persian conqueror was around on all sides determined to reduce it into subjection.

Was this a time for royal voluptuousness?

Alas!

it tells plainly the reckless, daring character of a king sunk in sensuality and depravity, in which "feast"the kingly character was entirely lost sight of.

It was not usual for kings to eat and drink before their subjects, but here all dignity was lost in sensual hilarity; and in the midst of these orgies, it would seem as a climax to his folly, he adds impiety by ordering his servants to fetch out of his treasure house the holy vessels of gold and silver which had been dedicated to the Lord in the temple, and which Nebuchadnezzar had seized when he took Jerusalem and had placed them where they were, but had always held them sacred, never allowing them to be used for any purpose whatever; but the wine-heated king had lost all reverence for his grandfather or Jehovah;

he seemed madly rushing on to his destruction.

These holy vessels were brought forth, and he and his lords "drank wine in them.""This was the ultimatum of human daring, the divine vengeance showed itself on the spot."In the same hour came forth a hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the wall of the king's palace, 'and the king saw the hand that wrote, his eyes followed the tracing of the mystic words, he beheld the black characters frowning down upon him from the palace wall, he saw the consternation of the men, and heard the shrieks of women; he could not read their meaning, but his conscience was sore alarmed, his courage failed him, his bravado and his daring way broke down, "his countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him."The audacious and defiant king is horror struck and unmanned before that handwriting on the wall, not a syllable of which can be read.

His horror-stricken cry is: Bring in the astrologers, that they may read this writing upon the wall The highest honors of the kingdom to the man who will tell me what it means;

he shall be clothed in purple, with a

DANIEL, THE MED O-PERSIAN PRIME MINISTER.

'7 chain of gold, and he shall be the third ruler in the kingdom.

The astrologers came, but the}'could not read the writing, nor make known the interpretation.

What was to be done?

The king was sore troubled and his lords confounded.

The queenmother was in her palace; she had taken no part in the banquet, but now Belshazzar desires she may be summoned, whose kind admonitions he had cast to the winds.

With womanly tact, and a readiness and self-command, which a true woman always has, she calmly stepped into that banquet hall, where all was horror and consternation.

Behold the queenly majesty of that woman.She reproves the king for his womanly terror and perplexity.

With motherly speech, she endeavored to compose his shattered dignity and to bring him once more to himself.

She told him of one who could read the writing, for in him was the understanding of the holy Gods, and at once said: "Let Daniel be called, and he will show the interpretation."

This time the mother's voice was heard, and soon Daniel stood before the alarmed king.

Though neglected, he still did not neglect the king's business—Daniel iii, 37; and when called lie promptly attended.

The king recounts what had happened, points to the letters on the wall, and promises a glorious reward to the noble prophet if he would read the writing and tell the meaning of it.

Strange that such a banquet should end with a sermon to which all the lords and even the presumptuous king were the willing and ever eager listeners.

There stands the prophet of God—his voice, his brow, his words, his composed manner and solemnity, are all in deep accord with the spirit which had traced those awe-inspiring letters, and the sentence which they had contained.

He fixed his eyes upon the doomed king, now ripe for destruction, and deliberately said: "O thou king the Most High God gave Nebuchadnezzar, thy father, a kingdom, and majesty and glory, and honor, and for this the nations trembled and feared before him. Whom he would he slew, and whom he would he kept *6 alive; whom he would he set up, and whom he would he put down, but when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened to deal proudly, he was made to come down from his kingly throne, and his glory was taken away, and he was driven from the sons of men, and his heart was made like a beast's heart, and his dwelling was with the wild asses. He fed on grass like the oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till he knew that the Most High ruleth in the kingdoms of men, and appointeth over them whomsoever He will.

But thou, O Belshazzar hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knowest all this, but hast lifted thyself up against the Lord ot

Heaven, and hast sent for the vessels ot

His house; and thou and thy lords, tinwives and thy concubines have drank wine in them, praising the gods of gold and silver, of brass, of iron and wood, which see not, hear not, nor have knowledge, and the God in whom is thy breath and who knows all thy ways, hast thou not glorified;

therefore, the end is come, and the Hand has written on the walls of thy palace: MEXE, MENE, TEKEL UPHARSIN;

and the interpretation is:

Thou art weighed in the balances and found wanting; thy kingdom is divided and given to the Medes and Persians!"How the doomed king received the sentence, we are not informed, save that he commanded that his promise to Daniel should be fulfilled.

"But in that night was Belshazzar, the king of the Chaldeans, slain."We now read in the scriptural account that "Darius took the kingdom, being about three score and two years old."He seems to have been a weak and impulsive man, yet not deficient in judgment and discernment;

he had the shrewdness to find out the best and most competent man in Babylon to serve him as prime minister.

He made Daniel the chief of the three presidents over all the provinces and principalities into which the realm was divided under the Medo-Persian rule.

Such a man, honest, upright in all his administrations, rigid in administerial affairs, impar-

DANIEL, THE MEDO-PERSIAN PRIME MINISTER.

tial, and ever growing in the esteem of his sovereign, and in favor with the people, could not escape envy and the malice of those who suffered by comparison: "Be thou chaste as ice, or pure as snow, thou shalt not escape calumny."

And so it was in the life of Daniel; he was an honorable and true man; his record marked him as the proper person for the place assigned him, being faultless as a man and an officer of state; his excellent spirit commended him more and more to his sovereign the more he knew him.

All this was unendurable to the Medo-Persian officials;

it augured a pure court, hence they sought to destroy Daniel, no matter by what method, the end was to get him out of the way;

yet withal, they could find no fault in him.

They could sustain no charges against him; he dispensed his patronage with justice and equality, and his counsels to his king were so wise that prosperity came to the crown when they were carried out;

therefore they saw that they could bring no accusation against him, unless they attacked him in his devotion to his God.

They saw it would be necessary to enlist the authority of the king in their premeditated movements, nor could they see a more plausible way than for the king to make and sign a decree that "whoever should ask a petition of any god or man for the space of thirty days, save of the king, should be cast into the den of lions."This was the flattering proposition which they laid before Darius, with many protestations of their own devotion to him.

The sacred history tells us that these disguised murderers succeeded, and the flattered, easy king was induced to sign the decree which they dictated.

Daniel was aware of their wicked machinations against him, therefore when he knew that the writing was signed, "he went into his house, his windows being open, and as was his custom, he kneeled three times a day, and prayed and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime; he knew that escape was impossible unless without a miracle.

Death in the lion's den seemed inevitable, but he also knew in whom he believed, and if God was content that so his earthly life should terminate, why should he wish it otherwise.

He knew that God was with him, and that in any event no loss could come to him;

this knowledge kept Daniel as serene as the stars in heaven, though another day should give his body to the lions.

Great was the king's sorrow when he found who was to be stricken down by this insane decree.

Fain would he have recalled the document, but "the law of the Medes and Persians altereth not."He had allowed himself to be flattered and duped.

Well might he set his heart to deliver his valued servant, but under that inexorable law Daniel could not be delivered.

This then was supposed to be the end of the great and good man, so faithful and so true.

His enemies rejoiced, but the triumph of the wicked is short; a greater than Darius had decreed his release.

He can bring to naught the machinations of princes and shut the mouths of lions, and in this case he did both.

Not a lion in the den moved to hurt the venerated prophet.

When the king came early in the morning, and called to him, he loyally answered, and told him God had preserved him.

Glad indeed was the troubled king for Daniel's safety; with joyous haste he hurried to have him released from his horrible prison, and ordered his infamous enemies to be thrown into the den, and instantly the lions devoured them.

"Verily the wicked shall fall into their own pit, but the upright shall have good things in possession.""So this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius, and in the reign of Cyrus the

Persian."Hannah T. King.

In the course of a discussion as to what word would be most useful, if one were limited to the use of one word, most of the company, which consisted of witty men and women of society in England, agreed upon the word yes.

Lady Charlotte Lindsay, a daughter of the famous Lord, declared for no, because, though yes never meant no, no very often meant yes.

WHIMS OF CELEBRATED MEN.

WHIMS OF CELEBRATED MEN.

Some amusing features from the lives of celebrated men have been brought together by a German writer:

Auber wrote on horseback it was not possible for him to write in any other place than in Paris, however beautiful another residence might be, and however many attractions it might offer. Adam composed best when he lay, with his clothes on, in bed, and showed as great antipathy to all landscapial beauty as love to his cats.

The same antipathy to all natural beauty is charged to Donizetti, who always slept when he went upon a journey, when he should have given his attention to the romantic scenery of Switzerland and Italy.

Eimarosa could not write without having a lot of friends around him, with whom he kept up an active conversation about art matters.

Sacchini's train of thought was interrupted when his cats did not play their antics upon his writingdesk.

Sarti could only become inspired in a room without furniture, and which was dimly lighted.

Spontini could only compose in the dark; and Meyerbeer composed best during violent thunderstorms, under the roof of his house.

Salieri gained his inspiration while he walked quickly through the streets filled with a human throng, meantime eating a great quantity of confections.

Haydn, in order to compose, sat in a soft armchair, with his gaze directed to heaven.

Gluck composed in the open air, best in the glaring sunshine.

He liked champagne by his work, and gesticulated very violently, as if he were an actor on the boards.

Handel wandered in the churchyard, and when he wished to become inspired, he sat himself down in one corner of it which was shaded by weeping willows.

Paesiello composed in bed, and did not leave it until he had finished a whole operatic scene or act.

Mehul was a great worshiper of flowers, and often fell into silent reverie in observing them.

He felt happiest in a quiet garden.

Mozart gained his inspiration from reading Homer, Dante, Petrarch; Verdi must read passages from Shakspeare, Goethe, Schiller, Ossian and Victor Hugo

Schiller inspired his muse by the smell of rotten apples, which he kept constantly in his desk; besides this, he liked to live amid surroundings corresponding to the subject upon which he worked.

When he wrote the last act to "Mary Stuart,"he had his servants clothed in black;

and so long as he worked on "Wallenstein,"he neglected no review or other military spectacle, and at home his wife must sing battle-pieces to him.

Goethe loved to have plastic works of art before him as he wrote.

It is known that in the creation of his Iphigenia, he had the image of an antique female before him, in order to see if that which he made his heroine say would suit the features before him.

Jean Paul replenished his ideas while taking a walk, and drank a glass of beer now and then on the way.

In writing, he loved the strong smell of flowers.

Herr von Kleist worked with great difficulty, and when he made poetry, it was as if he had a conflict with an invisible fiend.

Just the opposite was the case with Father Wieland.

In making his poems he trilled a lively song, and sometimes would spring away from his work and cut a caper in the air.

Korzebue, in the composing of his dramas, was also actor.

He himself acted single scenes in his study.

It is related that when Sand murdered him, his little son, as he saw him reel and then writhe upon the ground, cried to his mother, "See, mamma, father plays comedy again Burger, the immortal poet of Leonore, is said to have whistled street songs as he wrote his verses upon paper.

His conversation in such moments is said to have been obscene.

Holderlin was often found crying when he composed poems.

Similar things are said of the French romance writer Lafontaine.

His wife once found him before his writing-desk swimming in tears.

"Oh, it is too sad,"he sighed.

"It don't go at all,"he sobbed I am still in the first volume."Matthison wrote his poems by moonlight, while standing at

THE VISIBLE AND THE INVISIBLE.

the window.

Lamartine wrote his best things in the morning, before breakfast, while sitting before the fire. A contemporary of Dumas wrote thus:

"The writing-desk of Alexander Dumas presents a picture of classical disorder.

The study floor is covered with books and papers, behind which he is seated, formally barricaded.

Also a quantity of dogs, cats, poultry, pigeons, singingbirds are to be seen around, and these he feeds, strokes and keeps out of mischief while writing.

In the background stand a number of printer's devils waiting for copy, and booksellers and such people, who have business with him.

He writes very rapidly, and carries on, very often, a conversation at the same time.

He is very negligent in his dress."Selected.

THE VISIBLE AND THE INVISIBLE.

'There is a power Unseen, that rules the illimitible world,

That guides its motions, from the brightest star To the least dust of this sin-tainted world."

Everything that is, is material.

Because a substance is impalpable to our corporal senses, we cannot consistently say it is immaterial.

It is impossible to think of nothing as something, or imagine nonentity as exerting an influence.

Few realize their capacity to appreciate the spiritual or invisible, and all are apt to place too great a value upon what is discernible with the five senses, and neglect and ignore the infinite, immeasurable, boundless power, before which gross matter is powerless and insignificant.

The strength of the visible cannot be compared to the power of the invisible, and though important and necessary, is not more so.

It would almost seem the more ethereal and refined matter becomes the more force it has.

Water is taken as the standard by which substances are graded, and though itself much more potent than substances less dense, is inferior, in point of strength to a substance one step higher in the ascending grade, viz., steam.

We owe much comfort and happiness to this refined force, but use has made it so familiar we have ceased to think of the wonderful phenomena of its change from a liquid to a gaseous form, or learn the lesson it helps to teach us.

Another step upward, and we are among the wonders of the invisible world.

The first to which we come is electricity; and already we stand aghast when attempting to compute its force, or measure its use; but it is unseen, unheard and unfelt until its force is expanded, when it becomes visible. We cannot even know of its existence but by its effects.

By them we have learned its might and the influences under which it is exerted and utilized; but the power itself, to conquer we must bend to it.

Compute or comprehend, if you can, the wonderful principle of caloric.

You are baffled, as the wisest have been, and still this all but transcendant force is, if possible, more refined, more subtle, less visible, than any we have yet consideredLife, so far as we understand it, would cease to exist were it not for heat and light;

and without them everything would be void, empty, soulless, dead the earth, aye, the universe itself, would be a dreary, empty, desolate waste without these properties.

Now, contrast those already mentioned with the wonderful principle of gravitation.

Water, steam, electricity, heat and light are all bound by time and space, but gravitation knows no such confines, because it is a constantly exerted force; and no planet or star is so distant but that comes under its rule.

With all this away before us, the natural sequence is that there are others, still higher, still further in the invisible distance which we cannot see, much less understand.

Puny man, with his finite wisdom, is, year by year, learning of the invisible.

Not content with making lightning the bearer of his thoughts, the scientist urges the possibility of causing

THE VISIBLE AND THE INVISIBLE.

light to convey sound, and even now experiments are being made as the means of gaining that end.

But how trivial even that will be to the superhuman power of faith.

All around in infinite profusion are elements ready to be used as the will of intelligence dictates.

Satan knew this when he said to the Savior, "If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread;"and Christ, possessed of the necessary power, turned water into wine at the wedding feast in Cana.

There is no visible change in a man when hands are laid upon him conferring upon him the Priesthood of the Son of God, but that simple ordinance gives him the right and the power to understand all the mysteries of the universe.

The mortal eyes or the finite senses of man can see or understand but a modicum of even this finite world.

Twenty different and distinct kinds of stones must be thought of at twenty different times, and no man, without superhuman aid, can comprehend the component parts of them all at once.

Moses, through the power of faith and the Priesthood, was so blest as to see the whole of the earth at a glance; not a particle was there that did not come in the range of his vision.

With the requisite knowledge, which is attainable, everything will be subject to that subtle something called life.

We now mean the spiritual life, which is only another name for intelligence.

Its very existence renders it superior to all the invisible forces above mentioned.

Water cannot drown, fire cannot burn, nor gravitation hold it.

The tenement which it inhabits can be influenced by gross matter, but not life itself.

Even those who deny spiritual existence acknowledge that life is something different from the body, and not dependent, for its existence at least, upon bone and muscle.

The refined, ethereal part of our being, when free from its physical thralldom, will soar to heights, descend to depths, comprehend and grasp what we cannot now even imagine. We now "see through a glass darkly,"we then will have no vail to intercept the resplendent rays emanating from the infinite intellectual Sun. We are now dependent upon physical mediums through which to receive knowledge; then, by virtue of the divine essence, of which we are a part, the invisible will become visible, the unknowable will become known, and the immeasurable immensity of space will be measured and understood.

Because on every hand our physical strength is baffled and thrown back upon itself, when a certain limit is reached, shall we say intellectual power is also bound?

The affirmative answer may be given when it is combined with mortality, but analogical reasoning finds no such barrier when the true life is untrammeled and free.

Well has Holland expressed the thought which at this point comes to us:

"Are there not times when the spirit feels itself throned in conscious power and might, and independent of the robes and clumsy instruments of sense which it quickens, and postured in its own immortality, reveals its independence of the earth and earthly things? "Who has not, at some time, felt influences which were certainly not the effects of any physical or visible causes?

The naturalist is at a loss to account for many things from his favorite standpoint.

His reason utterly fails to tell why the "still small voice "works such radical changes in the lives of men, leading them from the haunts of sin to paths of purity and peace.

Thousands testify that no visible cause has brought them from radicalism into harmony with the Gospel, and many with hearts filled with a holy peace, say an earnest amen to the soul-thrilling song of Job—"I know that my Redeemer liveth, and that He shall stand at the last day upon the earth, and though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God, whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another, though my reins be consumed within me."J. L. Robison.

There are too many persons who do not know how to waste their time alone, and so become the scourge of busy people.

PERFECT LAW OF LIBERTY.

PERFECT LAW OF LIBERTY.

"O give me liberty For e'en were Paradise my prison,

Still I should long to leap the crystal walls."

Milton.

Liberty and unity; liberty and obedience, appear, to the minds of many, incompatible.

Hence, when the world sees the Latter-day Saints at our General Conferences, sustain, without a dissenting voice, their Church officials, they remark, "These Mormons are in bondage."When the great majority of the people of Utah moved in a solid column, in the last election for Delegate to Congress, and voted for the People's Candidate, instead of the nominee of the "Liberals "of Utah, a pious howl was vamped from the throats of disappointed demagogues about "slavery in Utah."But I do not mean to dabble in politics.

I want to say something about the Gospel being a perfect law of liberty, for such it is; and the Saints in Utah, who obey the

Gospel, live up to its requirements, and work in union with the kingdom of God, are freer to-day than those who rail against them.

The first blessing the Gospel brings to man is heaven-born liberty; aye, that liberty which would make him free, even though he were confined in a dungeon.

It frees him from sin—from death; from the heartaches, the sighs of regret; from his bitter remorse and self-reproaches from restless nights, in which he exclaims, "Would God it were morning! "from listless days wherein he cries, "Would God it were night It frees him from the fear of the pit, "where the fire is not quenched,"and from the gnawing of the worm that never dies.

It bids the sin-tossed soul to rest, and pours a balm into the sick heart.

It does all this because, by obeying its first few requirements—faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, repentance of our sins, baptism in water—in which we show the burial and resurrection of our Lord—one receives a remission of his sins.

O joy The past is forgiven!

The captive is free For he who is free from sin, is free indeed.

That sense of joyousness one feels in childhood, which is the fruit of innocence—and it is worth all the world besides—returns; the world is bright that horrible inward gnawing has ceased—the shackles of sin have been broken, he who was a captive stands free.

In proof of the above we refer to the Scriptures.

Though the Corinthian Saints had been unrighteous, idolaters, fornicators, adulterers, thieves, drunkards, revilers, yet they were washed, justified and sanctified through the Gospel, (i Cor., vi, 9-12.) Likewise the Saints at Rome, though they had been the "servants of sin,"and in bondage thereto, having "obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered them,"the Gospel, they were "made free from sin."(Rom., vi, 17, 18.) To those of our readers who have tasted of this glorious liberty we would say, in the language of Paul: "Stand fast in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made you free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage."(Gal., v, 1.) We stated the Gospel was a perfect law of liberty.

It is so nominated in the Scripture, or else what mean these expressions of Holy Writ: "Whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, this man shall be blessed in his deed."(James, i, 25.) A careful reading will show this "perfect law of liberty"to be the Gospel.

The first object of the Gospel is to make man free from sin; and that of itself is more freedom than all the governments and institutions of men can give for he who is free from sin, though his limbs are manacled in irons, and chained to a dungeon floor, is freer than the man who has his physical liberty, and yet is under the bondage of sin.

If the Gospel is a perfect law of liberty, then there must be no tyrants or oppression in that government which it contemplates.

In it, I find nor word nor trace Of that which hints at tyranny.

PERFECT LAW OF LIBERTY.

Says Paul, "The servant of the Lord must not strive, but be gentle unto all men, in meekness instructing those who oppose themselves."(2 Tim., ii, 24, 25.) Peter, when instructing the elders in their duties, told them not to act "as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock."(1 Peter, v, 3.) In this dispensation the Lord has given a fuller explanation of the Priesthood, its powers, and how said powers are to be used "The rights of the Priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principle of righteousness.

That they may be conferred upon us, it is true; but when we undertake to cover our sins, to gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control, or dominion, or compulsion, upon the souls of the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn, Amen to the Priesthood, or the authority of that man.

No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the Priesthood, only by persuasion, by long-suffering, by gentleness, and meekness, and by love unfeigned; by kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without guile; reproving betimes with sharpness when moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy that he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger than the cords of death."(Doc. & Cov., Sec. cxxi, 36-44.) Surely no signs of oppression here.

All the freedom intelligence desires could be exercised under restraints operated as described in the above extract.

It breathes out the same spirit as that which

Jesus manifested when teaching his disciples concerning government:

"Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them: but it shall not be so among you but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister; and whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant, even as the Son of Man came not to be administered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many."(Matt., xx, 25-28.) The unity existing in the midst of the

Latter-day Saints is what the Apostles desired to establish among the people of God in the primitive Christian Church;

"Now, I beseech you brethren, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment."(1 Cor., i, 10.) Had Paul lived in these days, he would see these admonitions carried out to quite an extent by the Latter-day Saints.

Neither are the people who obey these injunctions in bondage.

It is an insult to Deity to say that by carrying out the counsel of His servants, "Who spake as they were moved upon by the Holy Ghost,"we shall be brought into abject slavery.

God knows that "Freedom and reason make us men."

He knows it would be no honor to have children who did right of necessity—because they were compelled to, and not for the love of the right; consequently he gives to man his agency, his libertymakes him a responsible being.

But this is no reason why a man should rebel against God, and act contrary to correct principles, just to display his independence.

Such persons are generally in bondage—the bondage of fear.

They are afraid, if they act in harmony with a large body of people, that some one will say, "He is dictated; he allows others to do his thinking,"etc.

Childish as these taunts are, they are frequently sufficient to cause men to take a course contrary to their understanding.

It is possible for men to come to the knowledge of some truths, and having come to the knowledge of them, they understand them alike.

All men agree that twice two are four, and that two and one are not four.

How absurd for one acquainted with these facts to dispute either of them, or affect to doubt them,

CO-OPERATION.

because, forsooth, he wishes others to know he is independent.

The folly would be equally great if a course akin to this were taken in regard to any other truths or principles.

The Latter-day Saints know that President John Taylor is God's mouthpiece to His Church; and knowing this, they freely and of their own volition sustain him as the Prophet, Seer and Revelator to the Church; and so with all the officers and measures for which they vote.

Their unity is not the result of ignorance and serfdom, but of knowledge, coupled with sufficient courage to enable them to act consistently with their convictions, despite the jeers and ridicule of those who are opposed to them and their faith.

As the Saints become acquainted with more truths their unity will increase.

When they comprehend all truth, they will act in perfect accord with the Gods, and all who have obtained like precious knowledge.

From remarks I have heard fall from the lips of some of Utah's "reformers,"it seems that they would have us believe disputations and discord necessary concomitants of individuality and freedom.

But this is not true contentions and wranglings only prove the existence of uncertainty.

Let the youth in Israel be wise.

Don't seek to be mere pleasers.

Don't drink, gamble and swear, just to prove to some men who have come into our midst that you are free men.

I have heard the young men of Utah taunted by our self-styled "reformers "in their public speeches, about not possessing sufficient independence of character; but there is as much manliness and individuality among the boys ot Utah as will be found anywhere in "this broad land."I have thought these men who have come into our midst to "free us from the yoke of error,"are aptly described by the Apostle Peter;

for when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness;

those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.

While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption."(2 Peter, ii, 18, 19.) There is no slavery in the Gospel there is no tyranny in the Priesthood.

The Mormons are not controlled by oppressive measures, by the threats of priests.

Their unity is the result of knowledge and freedom.

"They are taught correct principles, and then they govern themselves."And thus do they rejoice in that perfect liberty which the

Gospel of the Son of God alone can give.

B. H. Roberts.

To spirits orbit-bound, hard is the way, Through gusjtv shadows, to the unknown dav,

CO-OPERATION, in.

No argument is needed to demonstrate the value of such an institution as Zion's

Co-operative Mercantile Institution, although it may be admitted that certain features have disqualified it for accomplishing all that was originally deemed desirable.

But as an importing house simply, in the centre or capital of the Territory, it needed facilities for distribution; and the machinery for this originated, as did Z. C. M.

I. itself, from the same suggestive, expansive and inspirational mind.

The people of each settlement were invited and counselled to organize their own local co-operative store, drawing in, as far as practicable, the whole community, and providing that no individual (as a matter of speculation or of selfishness) should possess a greater interest than his neighbor;

thus equality and unity would soften or preclude those jealousies and kindred feelings which are at times indulged in between members of any community.

It may be urged that the parent institution should have set an example in this respect;

there

CO-OPERA TION.

appeared, however, at the time, to be certain barriers preventing this—there were merchants already in existence; to set afoot a large organization not only needed capital, but premises, and stock enough to begin with, in order to meet the occasion.

Yet the paucity, or fewness of its stockholders has ever been and now is the weakest spot of the mighty organization.

For, strange as it may appear at this date, while, Z. C. M.

I. was established for the purpose of importing and distributing merchandise, this was ever held by the master mind as subsidiary to a nobler idea it was intended to be used as a stepping stone, a preliminary adjunct to industrial salvation, as well as one method of commercial and financial salvation.

But in distributing the profits growing out of the swelling business, it was discovered that every heavy investor needed his dividend, and being also partially within the range of experiment, it was deemed advisable for the moment to retain large individual amounts in preference to relying on more numerous investors with small or limited stock.

This evil, however, was the result, and it remains to this day;

yet small sums, when in sufficient numbers, give the same amount as larger ones from few, and now if the one hundred and twentyfive thousand of Utah's "Mormon"population owned an equal per capita, the whole stock of the Institution, about one million dollars, would only be about eight dollars each, and the dividend on this, at present rate of about ten per cent, per annum, would be so small that none would be richer or poorer if the amount was left in the treasury of the Institution, to be applied in other industrial or creative directions.

For after all, to distribute is a very common-place business, there is but little in it that savors of power—real, true power; and this one peculiarity of merchandizing and the mercantile profession should never be lost sight of by the purchaser, or by the student of advanced political economy, and that is, that no dealer adds anything whatever to the value of the goods which he may handle, they are worth no more as a matter of fact when they leave a store than when they enter!

consequently exorbitant individual profits from this source lack a certain feature of equity which clings everywhere to the creator of that which is desirable.

It is still more strange too, how, in modern society, wealth acquired from this source gives prestige and position superior to that acquired in the pursuit of creative industry in countless other directions.

Yet is it not true, that man for man, he who from the crude elements of nature multiplies the necessities or comforts of life, is beyond controversy the superior of the simple trader?

To take the timber of the canyons, the rock of the mountains, the adobe of the valleys; to fashion a chair or table, a boot or shoe, a shawl or blanket; to raise a bushel of grain or a stack of hay, to multiply stock and butter and chickens, and trees and flowers, all of which minister to human subsistence and make possible the dealer in or distributor of the fabrics of another, is surely more Godlike, more imitative of the great Creator, and certainly continues a more indispensable element of humankind.

Now, this apparent digression presents its point, which is, that importation decreases the amount of local wealth, and home manufacture, even when fostered beyond local needs and self-sustenance to the extent of exportation, draws tribute from afar; there is life and increase in one, stagnation and death in the other.

It must not be supposed, however, that Z. C. M.

I.

has lost sight altogether of this original intent, it could only have been more prolific in the best direction; yet had it been a monopoly pure and simple, in the matter of importation for and on behalf of the whole "Mormon "people, its influence might have been greater; as it is, many a little struggling industry now fairly established testifies to its spirit.

When a few men start a match, trunk, or soap factory, and, producing a good article, present their efforts for public acceptance, this Institution, their servant and friend, promptly suspends importation; when a factory in Utah says, ''We

CO-OPERATION.

will supply you with yarn, flannels, linseys, jeans, cassimeres, blankets, shawls, etc.,"Z. C. M.

I. promptly answers, "We will give you our patronage and buy such goods at home."When itself manufactures per year, as it does, one hundred thousand pairs of boots and shoes, finding labor for our local population, it is a wealth creator even if the material is brought from far.

When it causes the music of the sewing machines, manipulated by local labor, to produce eighty thousand garments in a year, it is a benefactor to the masses of the people.

And it is not saying too much to state, that had the entire amount of dividends (over one million and a quarter) paid out or declared since the foundation of the Institution been retained in its coffers for application in similar directions, we might ere now have been manufacturing our own stoves, nails, bar iron, rails and many other articles which enter into life from the presence and running of an iron foundry.

It is not unlikely that crockery and glass might also have become established industries in our needing Territory.

The production of sugar and syrup, which costs us a million dollars a year, might all be kept at home..

The manufacture of raisins, olive oil, canned fruits, vegetables, rope, twine, linen, including linseed oil, white lead, sheet lead and pipe bacon, hams and lard beef, cheese, starch cloth and clothing, boots and shoes of all grades;

wagons, agricultural implements, furniture, even if part of the material should be imported, all could be made in Utah, thus finding employment for our multiplied youth, who almost beg for work as the key to marriage and self-sustenance and independence, but plead as yet in vain.

Now, co-operative effort will bring to pass this industrial revolution; the elements for so grand a consummation exist in abundance.

There are more factories needed, many more foundries, a greater number and variety of manufactories, dairies, tanneries, shoeshops, etc.; more railroads of our own, more newspapers, more magazines and printing establishments, more homes and furniture and fixings, including orchards and barns and fences, and schoolhouses, and meeting houses, and temples, and institutions for the growth and progress of our coming State.

The muscle is here, the material is here, the ability is here, the necessity is here.

Our posterity increases in arithmetical progression, three hundred or more missionaries are in the field, God is blessing their labors, and many of their converts are anxious to gather to the mountains, yet we have been and are sustaining thousands of persons in the States and neglecting our own.

We have built up selfish merchants and passed by our own

Institution; we have imported, or had imported for us, articles of use, of necessity, and of luxury; our means have been lavished upon the stranger and even upon our enemies and when our leaders have given counsel—have advised home manufacture—have said "sustain yourselves,"we have waited for the capitalist and trusted to the outsider, and sent our sons from home to railroad and mining camps, because we did not realize the means nor the day of our salvation.

Cooperation is the key to the situation it has given us evidence of its power—

every valley in Utah testifies in its favor, every waterditch and canal and consequent fruitful field and farm is evidence of its power, every schoolhouse, meeting house, temple, is testimony none can set aside; and our well-filled settlements, our increasing hosts are evidences that in unity is ever present the element of strength.

It does make a difference how the Saints deal, where they deal, and the spirit of that deal, and if there is, from ignorance or inattention to the voice of inspiration, any slackness or lack of comprehension, or failure to perform, be sure it will bear its own unfailing fruit.

There is one settlement in our mental vision where the original intent was more than half understood;

it commenced on a small scale—thirty-five hundred dollars was all it had—it came from many contributors, and as a compromise it was suggested that in the

THE CANADIAN METROPOLIS.

event of success, one-half only of the profits should be paid out.

The first step was the opening of their little store;

accruing undistributed dividend was then invested in a dairy, which paid its way and made a profit; from next accumulation was proposed and established a saw mill, for shingle, lath, and pickets;

then some lumber and a furniture shop soon grew; the water power in existence with increasing means suggested a tannery;

further profits and dividends retained paid a shoe shop, from which was distributed in 1883 some four thousand pairs; then a little more profits and accumulation, and a saddle or harness shop sprang up;

then, as there were many employees, a butcher and provision shop was in order; then a tin shop and other little needed departments, until, losing sight of the dividends paid out, the property of the stockholders is considered to be worth forty-five thousand dollars, and dividends are declared on over twenty-five thousand dollars from the original paltry but powerful thirty-five hundred dollars;

until it is in contemplation now to build a good grist mill, then, if success continues, a woolen factory, and "further deponent sayeth not."But if every local store had been so manipulated, if stockholders had been as numerous as the population, if even half of the profits had been distributed, as in this instance, what a difference there might have been in all our settlements;

how much less we might have been under obligations, how much less in debt, and how much more healthy our population, now, partly from enforced idleness, in a demoralized condition.

Facts sustain their own weight;

experience proves the worth of counsel, the world knows and the Saints have proved already the value of Co-operation.

H. W. Naisbiif.

The heaviest burden we can carry is the consciousness of duties unfulfilled THE CANADIAN METROPOLIS.

After passing the enchanting scenery of "The Thousand Isles,"and receiving into its bosom the mighty current of the

Ottawa, the St. Lawrence deserves the appellation given to it by the Canadians, "Le grand Jieuve; "for where is there another that can compare with it?

Britons may boast of the Thames, Germans of the Rhine, and even Americans of the great, the winding and the turbid Mississippi, but a moment's glance will convince the unprejudiced that the great

Canadian river surpasses any and all of these.

In width it averages three miles, though seen through the clear atmosphere of a Canadian summer, it scarcely appears more than two.

On a calm day its waters are smooth and possess apparently but little motion.

It is only when one of these unwieldy lumber rafts passes down the stream that the current is perceptible.

Then it is seen that the river is rolling its mighty floods toward the ocean with a velocity of nearly or quite seven miles per hour.

We now perceive indications that we are approaching a great commercial city.

Vast piles of lumber line the shore.

Grain elevators and warehouses are seen in the distance, at whose wharfs ocean steamers and vessels as well as lake craft are receiving or unloading their cargoes.

Even the polar regions send in their contributions.

Thousands, aye millions of untanned hides and pelts, from the vast and inhospitable regions of the north, may here be found awaiting the process of tanning or transportation to other lands.

Among these may be mentioned white, brown and black bear skins, caribou, or Canadian reindeer, moose, elk, silver fox, martin, otter, mink, beaver, and many others.

How few of the ladies of London, Paris, New

York, Boston, Vienna, Copenhagen or Berlin recognize the fact that the furs that deck the form of beauty were col-

THE CANADIAN METROPOLIS.

lected from the wild animals of the far north, often through untold suffering.

This trade in furs has built up one of the most powerful mercantile corporations, the Hudson Bay Company; one that has in no small degree influenced the Canadian policy of England.

Soon we sweep around a bend of the river, and catch a first view of the charming city of Montreal.

The city is indeed beautifully situated on the south shore of the island of Montreal.

It is said the city and island both received their names from the eminence in the middle of the island, which was named by the early French voyagers Mont Real, or Royal

Mountain, on account of its majestic appearance.

When once in the city, we see on every side the relics of the past in close proximity to the progress of the present.

On one side of the narrow street that runs parallel to the river, is a little whitewashed tenement where the inmates are jabbering in French, and, if we inquire into their politics or religion, we shall find they are more intensely Catholic and French in their feelings than even the inhabitants of Paris.

Then again, if we criticise their pronunciation as not in accord with Parisian French, they will scornfully speak of"le patois de

Paris"even as a Bostonian speaks of the "London brogue,"assuming as a matter of course, and indeed with quite as good reason, that Montreal French is superior to that of Paris.

If we turn to the other side of the street we enter a workshop of busy men, who speak in the language of England,

Scotland, or Ireland, and have no sympathy or social relations with the French habitat.

Montreal abounds in contrasts.

No where else in America are past and present to be seen so close to each other.

• Landing near Bousecours Market, everything speaks of nineteenth century life and bustle.

We have just passed under the great Victoria Bridge, one of the grandest monuments of modern engineering skill.

By the way, if we wish to get a faint idea of this structure, let us imagine an enormous stovepipe twenty-?

four feet in diameter, and each link about two hundred and eighty feet in length, supported by massive stone piers at such a height above the water that the largest ships can sail under it without lowering topsail or pennon. This wonderful bridge, without doubt the most magnificent of its kind in the world, is the connecting link, between the Canadian system of railways and those of the United States.

Few greater triumphs of skill can be be found in the history of engineering, than was exhibited when the Prince of

Wales and the Governor-General of Canada stood dry shod, within a coffer dam, on the bed of the St. Lawrence river sixty feet below the water line, and there laid, with Masonic ceremonies, the cornerstone of one of those mighty piers.

A walk along the massive stone wharfage that lines the river flowing oceanward, with the tribute of half a continent, is sufficient to show Montreal's unexcelled facilities for trade.

Representatives of a dozen lines of ocean steamships may be seen at once taking in cargo;

and improvements are in progress which will make room for many others.

At the present time the Dominion ranks the third commercial power of the world.

There are more steamers owned in Montreal than in New York.

Many of the steamers which ply between the latter city and Liverpool are owned by capitalists who reside in the Canadian metropolis.

Last year the whole tonnage of

Dominion vessels exceeded those of the

United States by nearly seventy-two thousand tons.

But if we will turn up the lane that leads to the quaint, rusty-looking Bousecours

Church near by, we shall find ourselves amid the scenes of the seventeenth century.

The peasant men dressed in their little red caps, blue jackets and brown pantaloons, and the women in their gay turbans, red bodices or sacks, and blue skirts, cut rather short for our modern ideas, will remind the traveler of European lands—of the peasantry of Normandy or Brittany.

A small image of the Virgin, standing on the gable nearest the river, indicates the church, which otherwise would be scarcely distinguishable from the ruck

THE CANADIAN METROPOLIS.

of old buildings standing around it.

As we pass the little eating houses and shops, thrown out like buttresses from the walls of the church, we see the peasants turning in from the market to say a prayer.

They deposit their baskets of fish, fruit and poultry at the door, and enter without fear of anything being stolen while they are at their devotions.

Frequently sailors, returned from a voyage, may be seen bringing with them an offering to the Virgin deity, whom they believe succored them on the sea, when they prayed in time of peril.

Inside, you can scarcely believe you are in America—you fancy you are in some ancient town of Brittany or South Germany, where the parish church has not yet been desecrated by upholstery or modern improvements.

The building and everything in and about it, the relievos on the walls, the altar, the simple but exquisitely antique pulpit, all are a thousand times more interesting than the huge stiff towers of modern churches, and the tawdry gilt and color which so often bedeck them.

The whole scene calls the memory back to the days of Marguerite de Bourgeoys, who laid the foundation stones more than two centuries ago.

A short walk along St.

Paul Street brings us to Jacques Cartier square, where stands an exquisite statue of the

British Admiral, Nelson, who stands with his back to the water, "the first time he ever stood in such a position,"as an old sailor grumbled when he saw the monument.

Passing another block, we come to the new City Hall and the old government buildings opposite. This is the place where Benjamin Franklin printed the first Canadian newspaper.

Here too the past and present are clasping hands.

The French language is universally spoken, and the Canadian conversing with his compatriots still speaks of English-speaking people as "foreigners."But as we ascend gradually to the higher parts of the city, we find ourselves in altogether different surroundings.

In the east end reside nearly all the aristocracy of the French-speaking people, merchants, fur traders, legislators and scions of the old French nobility who once ruled the country.

Here may be found men and women of liberal culture, among whom are Sir George Cartier, Ex-Prime Minister of the Dominion, and M.

Louis Frechette, the talented poet, who, in 1876, received a gold medal, the grand cross of the legion of honor, and other testimonials as the leading poet of the French language.

In the west end reside nearly all the Englishspeaking aristocracy.

The splendid mansions on Sherbrooke street are occupied by Canadian, English and Scotch merchants, or officers of the British or Canadian governments, foreign consuls and attaches.

Here also is situated McGill University, which, through the leadership of Prof. Dawson, has become one of the leading educational institutions of America.

Not far distant is the residence of Lieut. William Cowper Coles, the inventor of those revolving iron turretted ships commonly called Monitors;

though on this side of the United States boundary Ericson frequently receives that honor.

In journalism, Montreal is in advance of most American cities.

Numerous daily and weekly journals are here published, as well as several illustrated weeklies and magazines.

To Montreal is due the honor of publishing the first illustrated religious weekly journal, also of the invention of the art commonly known as photo-engraving.

Not content with journalism in their own city, Montreal capitalists started in New York, some years ago, the paper known as the

Daily Graphic.

In ascending the hill known as Mount Royale, we pass the far-famed reservoir and water-works from which the city receives a bountiful supply of water from.

the St. Lawrence.

From the top of the mountain the scene is indeed magnificent.

Not only is the city spread out at our feet like a panorama, but as far as the eye can reach we see the blue waters of the St. Lawrence, and on either side farms, and orchards and villages—the traces of a well-directed industry and a liberal economy.

J. H. Ward.

THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

What are the relative rights of Congress and the Territories and their respective duties toward each other?

To answer this question, so far as Congress is concerned, we must refer to the Constitution, as that is the instrument which defines its powers and in which authority must be found for everything which Congress may lawfully do.

It is true that the Constitution has been construed, and that under such construction Congress has authority to institute Territorial government, but it is also true that there were public interests of grave importance at stake at the time, the jeopardizing of which might have produced serious consequences to commerce, and possibly to the Union;

and it is highly probable that these considerations weighed much with the Supreme Court in its decisions touching this question.

The United States had purchased Louisiana and the Floridas—a scope of country about as large as the whole United States besides, and embracing within it the mouth of the Mississippi, the great highway and port of entry for the southern and western trade. These purchases were made for the sole purpose of obtaining, and being enabled to maintain this port of entry, and must necessarily have been held and controlled by the United States to make them answer the end for which they were designed.

Had the Supreme Court decided that Congress had no authority to hold and govern territory, it would have been the signal for independent States to have sprung up, and covered all this vast scope of country, which might have come into the Union of their own volition, or they might have formed an alliance with some foreign power, and some very serious complications might have arisen, to say the least.

Seeing this condition of things, and appreciating the situation as the Supreme Court undoubtedly did, it is easy to understand how the judgment of that distinguished tribunal might have been warped, and that they might have considered it wiser even to have purposely given an erroneous construction, than that those great public interests should have been jeopardized.

Whatever may have been their reasons, however, their standing as judges of the law and the dignity of their office compel us to presume that they were considered of sufficient public importance;

but there is no denying the fact that such construction will not bear the light of reason, nor stand the test of the rules of construction as applicable to such instruments.

The clause of the Constitution by which it is claimed that the power to govern the Territories is conferred is found in Section 3, Article iv, and reads as follows:

"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claim of the United States or of any particular State."Now when we come to consider the fact that the North W Testern Territory had been ceded to the Confederation, to be disposed for the public benefit; that this present government was to be the successor of the Confederation, and as such to take and hold the title to all the public property; that there must necessarily be some branch or office of this new government (which was then just about to go into existence) entrusted with this power, we can easily understand—as did the Supreme Court in the case of Dred Scott vs. Sanford—that the words, "power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property,"simply meant power to sell the public lands and other property, and to make such rules and regulations as were necessary for this purpose, nor without doing violence to reason and the English language can we arrive at any other conclusion.

THE POLITICAL SITUA TION.

It is absurd to suppose that, if it had been intended to confer the power to govern territory, the framers of the Constitution would not have said so in so many words; they well understood the use of the English language, and were ^ not at a loss to find words to express their meaning; nor was the Constitution so hastily considered that a matter of such great importance could have been overlooked.

The correctness of this conclusion is convincingly shown by reference to Section 8, Article i.

Referring to that section, we find that the subject of government had already been considered and acted upon;

that it was actually intended to invest Congress with exclusive jurisdiction over certain districts of territory, and that to give expression to their intention, the framers of that instrument related the simplest words by which their ideas could be conveyed.

The seventeenth clause of the section just referred to gives to Congress power to "exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever, over such district of country (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the government of the United

States;

and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislatures of the States in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards and other needful buildings."As has been said, if we consider the fact that there was the North Western Territory to be disposed of, that the subject of the government of territory had already been considered, and the metes and bounds with which exclusive jurisdiction should extend, already defined, the conclusion is irresistible that by Section 3, Article iv, the government of

Territories was never intended.

But if a reference to the two clauses, and a consideration of surrounding circumstances were not, in themselves, sufficient to remove all doubt, and without the application of legal principles, there is a rule of construction which puts the matter at rest.

It is this: That a specification of particulars is the exclusion of generals;

or, in other words, the expression of one thing is the exclusion of another; hence, where the framers of the

Constitution marked out the bounds within which Congress might exercise exclusive jurisdiction, it was equivalent to saying, "Thus far shalt thou go and no farther,"or, in other words, "Except over such district of country (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the government of the United

States, and such other places as may be purchased with the consent of the legislatures of the States in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards, and other needful buildings, Congress shall not exercise exclusive legislation."The purchase of Louisiana, as has been said, was not claimed to be constitutional, but merely a matter of necessity; and, having purchased the territory, the government was confronted with the question whether it must institute some kind of colonial system, necessarily similar in some respects to that which had been so odious to the people of so short a time before, or allow independent states, or, perchance, a powerful empire to grow up almost within itself, having territory enough and other facilities sufficient to enable it to maintain a separate existence, and thus possibly defeat the very objects for which the acquisition was made.

Whether the latter would or could have been the case, may be a matter of question;

but that the situation was grave, there can be no doubt—possibly sufficient to warrant the line of decisions which have been made in cases touching this question.

That condition of things, however, does not now exist; there are no public interests or even private rights, which would suffer by a reversal or disregard of those decisions, whereas the injured interests and blighting prospects of several hundreds of thousands of the people of the Territories demand a construction which shall be in consonance with

THE POLITICAL SITUATION.

reason, the principles which form the basis of the national structure and the evident intention of its authors.

As to the rights of the Territories, as has been said, under the Congressional claim of to-day, there is no time certain, or the happening of any event reasonably certain to transpire when they shall be entitled, as of right, to emerge from their present condition of subjection, or from what is more mildly termed "Territorial pupilage;"but a consideration of the subject impresses the writer that the converse of this proposition is true;

that there are conditions, the existence of which entitle the Territories, as of right, to step up on to the national platform, and, assuming a proper share of the burdens, participate in the affairs of active national life.

To ascertain their rights, reference must be made to the treaties under which the Territory was acquired, as they, and not the Constitution, form the basis of the relations between the Territories and the United States.

These treaties contain provisions which were made not only for the benefit of the few who happened to inhabit the Territory at the time, but clearly and unquestionably also, for all who should settle there up to, and including the time when the Territories are ripe for admission;

and, although the judiciary have declared that, so far as private rights are concerned, those provisions may be, and to some extent have been, modified by subsequent legislation, yet as between the political department of the general government and the Territories, they cannot be abrogated without the latter's consent, any more than can a plain provision of the Constitution be violated with impunity.

The treaty for Louisiana provides that "the inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorporated into the Union of the United States, and admitted as soon as possible, according to the principles of the Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages and immunities of citizens of the United States;

and in the meantime be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property and the religion which they profess."The provisions of this treaty apply to

Dakota, Idaho, the Indian Territory, Montana, Washington and Wyoming they being the remaining portions of the

Louisiana purchase, hence the only question which can arise upon the application of either of these Territories for admission, is:

whether it is possible, consistent with the principles of the Constitution, to grant the application.

If it is possible, that is, if it is not in contravention of any provision of the Constitution, the application cannot rightfully be denied.

It matters not what the political faith of the applicant may be—whether democratic or republican, or saint or sinner, for that matter;

the application cannot be denied without a breach of the plighted faith of the nation.

Congress may suspect that the majority of the people making the application are violators of a law, but that does not warrant Congress in violating another law equally as valid and binding; nor, indeed, is it a part of the duty of Congress to see that the laws are faithfully executed.

What are the "principles of the Federal Constitution"with reference to this subject? The Constitution plainly provides that each State shall have two senators, and at least one representative, be its population little or much, and fixed the ratio of representation at thirty thousand. Had the treaty provided that the Territories should be admitted as soon as their population would entitle them, under the ratio fixed by Congress, and existing at the time of the application, it would have been quite another question; but the provisions of the Constitution were fixed upon as the basis, and as those provisions still remain unchanged, the same population which would have sufficed at the time of making this treaty, is still sufficient; hence, as it is possible to admit them as soon as they have numerical strength sufficient to exercise the functions of self-government, it follows that all these Territories are entitled to admission at once under the provisions of the treaty.

HERITAGE OF DRUNKENNESS.

It is true there is a great disparity between the population of some of these Territories and the ratio existing today, but that cuts no figure.

It is not a question of what would be a proper provision in a treaty, were one being made to-day; but simply a matter of the fulfilment of a contract in which the United States received at least the value of all they gave.

It is also true that the obligation in its nature is such, and the relation of the parties to it of such a character that it cannot be enforced; but it is none the less sacred and binding morally; and it is equally true that one of the basest acts of which an individual or a nation can be guilty is to refuse to perform an obligation simply because, when its performance becomes due, it does not suit the inclination and there are no means of enforcing it.

What can a nation expect of its sons which would of itself set such an example?

How long will a nation which would even assent to such a proposition, say nothing about becoming a party to a transaction involving so much of the element of turpitude, maintain its dignity and command the respect of the civilized world?

N.

Tanner, Jr.

HERITAGE OF DRUNKENNESS.

The drunkard leaves a sad heritage to his child.

It is bad enough for a man to debase and degrade himself, but still worse to transmit to his offspring his degradation.

It is a generally recognized principle in the propagation of the human and animal species, that like produces like, and this principle is found to hold true as regards the offspring of drunkards.

Not all the children of drunkards will be addicted to the use of.

strong drink.

Usually the mother is not addicted to the use of strong drink, and oftentimes loathes it with all the power of her soul.

Her influence exerts a saving power over the offspring of the intemperate father, and some of the children will be able to resist the tendency which they feel, to partake of strong drink.

A large part of the children of the drunkard, however, inherit a strong appetite for alcoholic liquors, and it requires a powerful effort to resist the temptation to indulge.

They have also inherited a depraved nervous organization, often with a weakened will and illbalanced intellect.

Samuel Royce, in his work on "Deterioration or Race Education,"says:

"The drinking habit of the parent is in most cases an irresistible impulse or disease in the child, uncontrolled by any motive whatever."

When both parents are addicted to intemperance, very few of the offspring escape going the same way.

An appetite for strong drink is not the only heritage the drunkard leaves his children.

Weakened intellects, ill-balanced minds, a predisposition to insanity, and even idiocy, are also transmitted to the offspring.

Many of the children of drunkards become insane, many are idiotic, and not a few on account of their unhappy organization are driven to take their own lives.

Maudsley says that drunkenness in the parent is a cause of idiocy, suicide, or insanity in the offspring.

Morell, who made the study of human deterioration a specialty, cites many cases of children of inebriates cursed in later years with the hereditary craving for alcoholic liquors, leaving one insane asylum for another, and ending in marasmus, general paralysis, in a perfectly brutal condition, with the utter extinction of reason and conscience.

Of three hundred idiots exam- 'ined by Dr. Howe, in the State of Massachusetts, one hundred and forty-five were the children of intemperate parents.

Should the drunkard be allowed to bring into the world children imbued with an almost irresistible appetite for strong drink, predisposed to insanity and suicide, or perhaps idiotic?

It is an infamous outrage upon the innocent child, and should be prevented by placing the drunkard in an asylum where he cannot become a father until he has reformed, which would be far better for society and for the state than to allow him to become the father of imbecile, insane, or criminal children, whom the state must care for.

Prevention in such cases is better than cure.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, March, li GENERAL THOMAS L. KANE.

On the morning of December 26, 1883, the sad news of the death of General Kane reached his friends in Utah.

It was received with unfeigned sorrow, for all who had known him in life and were familiar with his undeviating friendship for the people of Utah, felt that the man, of all others, distinguished among them as "an honorable man of the world"and a friend, had departed.

We cannot better express our sentiments of esteem and admiration for the character and life of this great man than by republishing extracts from the biographical sketch and the comments of President George O. Cannon, perhaps his most familiar friend in Utah, which appeared in the Juvenile Instructor of January 15th, 1884:

"In the death of General Thomas L.

Kane the Latter-day Saints lose a constant, watchful, influential and courageous friend.

His demise may be said to have been very unexpected.

While on a recent visit to New York he contracted a heavy cold, which resulted in pleuro-pneumonia, and which, after an illness of only ten days'duration, ended his earthly career.

"General Kane was born in Philadelphia, 1822, and was the second son of Judge John Kent Kane, and the younger brother of Dr.

Elisha Kent Kane, the distinguished Arctic explorer.

When sixteen years of age he went to reside with a relative in England, and subsequently visited the continent, where his education was completed.

Returning to this country, he studied law and was admitted to practice.

He was afterwards appointed clerk of the United States District Court in which his father presided.

"Though General Kane would be faithful in the discharge of any duties he might undertake, he was of such a temperament that active, adventurous life was best suited to him.

In this respect he resembled his distinguished brother.

He was a man of intense convictions, and when his feelings were aroused in favor of any one cause, he threw himself into it with the whole ardor of his nature.

He hated oppression in every form, and his quick sympathies naturally went out to the weaker side.

He never took the measure of a cause, or became its friend, because of its popularity.

He possessed the most lofty courage.

In him were most happily blended physical courage of the most daring and chivalrous character, and a moral courage to speak words and perform acts at which all his friends and associates wondered.

He took delight in combatting and redressing wrongs, and had he lived in the days of chivalry he would have been a knight without fear and without reproach, to whom no person, however weak and unpopular, would have appealed in vain for help.

He had been furnished with rare opportunities of knowing the world and becoming familiar with its leading men, especially the foremost men of his own country and of

England and France.

He was not only a gentleman by nature, but in the European sense of the word, a gentleman by birth and breeding, and of highly cultivated manners, and a scholar, also, of wide and varied attainments.

But beyond and above all these he was a pure • man in his morals.

No one who knew him intimately could fail to be impressed by his abhorrence of vice.

He had mingled with the world, but no taint of its corruptions attached to him.

He was a chaste man himself and he loved and admired this quality in others.

Is it any wonder that, having such characteristics as these, General Kane's active sympathies should be touched by hearing of the wrongs inflicted upon the

EDITORIAL.

Latter-day Saints?

He had just returned from France, a young man of twenty-three years of age, when he heard of what had taken place at and around Nauvoo, Illinois.

He did not debate the question as to whether the 'Mormons,'as they were called, were orthodox in their religious views, or not.

It was enough for him to know they were human'beings and American citizens, and that they were unpopular and friendless and cruelly treated.

He became interested in them.

Col. Jesse C.

Little was then in charge of the branches of the Church in the Eastern States.

General Kane freely used his own and family influence in the colonel's behalf, to enable him to bring the 'Mormon'case before President Polk and other leading men of the government.

Not content with this, he started for the west to see for himself what could be done in behalf of the people.

The Saints had good reason to believe that he was inspired of the Lord to do this;

for why should this young man forsake his ease and pleasant surroundings in the east to expose himself to the perils and encounter the hardships of such a journey in behalf of a strange people, of whose true character he knew but very little?

He was of a delicate physique, and the fatigues and exposure of that journey came very near proving too much for him.

For some time after reaching the camp of the Saints on the Missouri river he hovered between life and death.

Under President Young's direction he was nursed with all possible care. When his condition became such as to make his recovery doubtful, he had an army physician at Fort Leavenworth sent for, not to get the benefit of his skill, but in the event of his death, to prevent the possibility of lies being put in circulation concerning the treatment he had received from his much misrepresented 'Mormon'friends.

At this time was laid the foundation of that love and friendship which he always felt and never failed to exhibit whenever danger threatened the

Latter-day Saints, and which he expressed so pathetically in his dying words to his loving wife and children.

He became familiar with the leading men of the Church;

he read their true characters; the bulk of the people, also, he learned to know, as no man not of their number had ever known them; and the result was that from that time forward he became their devoted friend and unflinching defender.

He believed they had rights which ought—equally with the rights of other people—to be respected.

How he defended their rights by his tongue and pen in the face of mighty odds and great unpopularity, is well known throughout the length and breadth of this Territory.

In this as well as in everything else he undertook, he was morally courageous, a qualification that, in too many instances, is sadly lacking in public men.

"It is gratifying to know that he himself always felt that the Latter-day Saints, in their subsequent career in these mountains, had amply justified his anticipations concerning them, and fully sustained and vindicated his public estimate of their worth.

"While in the west he bestowed attention and thought upon the condition of the Indians.

He learned of the impositions practiced upon them, and after his return he boldly attacked and exposed the Indian rings at Washington.

The same feeling which prompted him to defend the Indian aroused him to sympathise with the enslaved black man.

He felt that slavery was a curse to his country, and the earnestness and depth of his convictions were exhibited in the course he took respecting its abolition.

Many of his relatives and very dear friends were either slaveholders themselves or in full sympathy with the system.

It must have been painful for one of his affectionate nature to differ with and oppose them.

But, as in everything he undertook, he took hold of this in earnest.

He made three voyages to the British West Indies to study the work of emancipation there, and extended his researches to the Spanish Islands.

"At the time the army was sent to Utah by President Buchanan—through the lies and misrepresentations of federal officials—and the whole country

EDITORIAL.

was in a state of great excitement over the reported condition of this Territory, he saw another opportunity of rendering his country and the people a service.

It was plain to him that the administration would be disgraced for its hasty and ill-considered action, and being intimate with

President Buchanan, he succeeded in bringing such facts to his knowledge that he became anxious to correct the blunder.

He desired General Kane to act the part of a mediator, and gave him such letters as were necessary.

During the winter of 1857-8 he undertook this mission, so hazardous and difficult because of the season of the year and the character of the country to be traversed.

He traveled by way of the Isthmus of Panama and California, and thence by what was known as the Southern route, to this city.

It was a journey both dangerous and difficult, and particularly trying to his health.

It was while here on this business that he heard the very unexpected and sad news of the death of his father, Judge Kane, between whom and himself there existed, in addition to the tender ties of father and son, a strong and warm personal friendship, founded upon mutual respect for each other's qualities.

In the hearts of all Latter-day Saints acquainted with the circumstances surrounding General Kane's trip to Utah at that time, there will always be an affectionate remembrance of his self-sacrificing and heroic conduct in their behalf.

This is not the time nor the occasion to dwell upon his action at greater length.

But that it was appreciated by President

Buchanan is evident from the compliment paid to him, in the message to Congress of 1858, upon the manner in which he had filled his mission.

"In i860, when the war of the rebellion broke out, he threw himself unhesitatingly into the contest, and organized what is known as the 'Bucktail'regiment from among the hunters, trappers and lumbermen of the northwest portion of the State of Pennsylvania.

This regiment did some splendid service in the war: and General Kane proved himself to be a brave soldier, and an adept in military tactics.

During the war he was wounded on several occasions; but his indomitable will kept him at the post of duty.

The regiment under his command did some hard fighting at Gettysburg, where, suffering from sickness and wounds he withdrew from active command.

In doing so he issued the following order to his men:

"'The hard fighting is over.

If there is to be more of it soon I will be with you.

If not, farewell, and may God bless and reward you for your noble conduct, but for which neither

I nor any of the thousands of this army would have home, country, pride or honor to return to.

If you should not see me again in the brigade I hope you will remember long and affectionately your friend and commander.'"For his bravery in the war he was breveted Major General, a mark of distinction he had fairly earned.

"For some time after his partial recovery from his wounds he was compelled to walk about on crutches.

He was in this condition when he paid a visit to Utah during the winter of 1872-3.

While here he recovered sufficiently to discard the use of his improvised helps.

"Throughout his whole life, General Kane was earnest in whatever he undertook, outspoken in whatever he believed to be right, unselfish to the highest degree, and fearless in all his ways.

Indeed it was his earnest, outspoken, unselfish and fearless ways that caused him to be beloved by all with whom he came in contact.

He was a man who never allowed his right hand to know what his left was doing.

He was possessed of a great soul.

His chief object in life was to do good.

Not that he might be considered good for having done good; but rather, he loved to do good because it was good to do good.

He was superbly unselfish in all the transactions of life.

Many a time and oft has he risked his own life in trying to help those whom he considered needed help. No greater love hath any man than that he is willing to lay down his life for his fellow man.

Such a man was General Kane.

His philanthropy was of the

EDITORIAL.

broadest and most liberal character. He was ever trying to do some good thing for the benefit of others.

It was foreign to his disposition to look upon suffering without concern.

He was educated himself, and he loved the cause of education.

He was charitable himself, and he never tired in helping the cause of charities.

He loved children, and he liked to see them gambol, and play, and sing at home, and he was not unmindful of the music and mirth they needed in schools.

He was a man of business, too.

He took an active interest in railroad enterprises.

But, above all, he was a man of peace, and would do anything to avert hostility.

In a word, he was a remarkable man.

"General Kane was small in stature, and slender in form, and yet it will be perceived, from what we have written, he was capable of performing duties—selfimposed or otherwise—which called for great physical endurance.

It was his great will power that carried him through;

otherwise, from the pain he periodically suffered from the wounds he received in the war, and the mental strain incidental to the active life he led, he must have broken down long ago.

"In his life-long labors of love, General Kane has had the able support of his kind and generous wife, who survives him with three sons and one daughter, the latter a graduate of the Woman's

Medical College, of which the deceased was one of the founders, and in the success of which he took the deepest interest."The following, written by President Cannon, contains examples of the characteristic friendship General Kane displayed toward the people of Utah on every occasion which warranted it:

"To me the news of General Kane's death came with the suddenness of a blow.

It was only about four weeks before that I was last at his house and spent some hours with him.

He was in excellent spirits and talked hopefully about the future which lay before the people of Utah.

I thought he had not for years looked better or more likely to live than he did then, and I indulged in the hope that there were many years of life yet before him.

I had many interviews with him during my visit east, and though very busy, he laid aside all his own affairs to counsel and act for the benefit of Utah.

His love and zeal never appeared to me to be deeper or more active than they were on those occasions.

When I felt that I was trespassing too much upon his time and patience, and so expressed myself, he never failed to chide me for having such thoughts.

He had no business, however important, he said, that he would not willingly lay aside at any time to devote attention to our affairs.

No man could manifest a deeper interest, or have greater anxiety, for the welfare and prosperity of the people of Utah than he.

Especially in times of trouble and when prospects appeared threatening to us was this the case.

He carried our burdens at such times to such an extent that they affected his health.

On many occasions when I have met him after or during an unusual period of excitement over Utah affairs and inquired about his condition, he has responded that his wounds or his health was not the cause of any feebleness which I noticed; but anxiety concerning us.

This anxiety constantly manifested itself in active exertion whenever he saw an opportunity where it could be of use.

If for any reason he did not obtain satisfactory intelligence concerning any movement that was being made against us, he never failed to address inquiries to some of us respecting it.

His tireless interest in our behalf I have personally, of all others, the greatest reason to remember and be grateful for.

Upon several occasions at Washington I have been delighted by unexpectedly receiving a call from him.

Several of these visits were prompted solely by the desire to help avert some measure that his advices had led him to believe.was threatening to me personally or to the people.

Without solicitation from me, or from any one else, he had laid aside his own business, and regardless of expense, gone to the point where he thought his influence might be used to advantage for our good.

When he did

EDITORIAL.

not make a visit he never omitted in times of difficulty to send messages of comfort and cheer.

It is only a few days since I was looking through a package of letters and found a telegraphic dispatch and letters from him, sent at the time that the news had reached the east of the infamous action of the

District Court here in committing the three executors of the estate of the late President Brigham Young—Brigham Young, Albert Carrington and myself—

to prison, for contempt of court.

Our contempt consisted in refusing to give additional bonds of $150,000, when we were already under bonds for $300,000!

We felt that this attempt to get additional bonds was nothing more nor less than a plot to levy blackmail, and therefore we preferred to submit to imprisonment for contempt than to lend ourselves to the scheme by asking our friends to give bonds for us.

It was at this juncture that I received the following message from him:

"'I will be your bail for $150,000, if your court will accept of me.'"He would have come out here at that time had it been of any use, and so telegraphed and wrote me.

"As I write, another illustration of his forgetfulness of self and his ardent zeal in behalf of Utah comes to my mind.

It was during the Buchanan administration.

Governor Cumming, who had been sent out by President Buchanan with the army as governor of the Territory, did not work harmoniously with the army officers.

Differences had arisen between them at the time they were in camp during the winter at Ham's Fork and Fort Bridger.

"These differences increased after they came into the valley, and the influence of the army people was used with the administration to have Cumming removed.

President Buchanan was inclined to yield to the pressure of Albert

Sidney Johnston's friends.

Johnston at that time was quite an influential personage; in fact influences were being used to prepare the way for him to succeed General Winfield Scott as commander of the army of the United States.

President Buchanan made inquiries of some of General Kane's friends as to how the removal of Governor Cumming would be received by him.

He heard of this, and, though at the time confined to his room with an attack of pleurisy, saw that something must be done to prevent the removal of Cumming, which he viewed at the time as a move that would be unfortunate to Utah.

The Historical Society of New York City—a very influential society—had solicited him to deliver a lecture upon Utah affairs; but he had postponed accepting the offer.

He saw that this was the opportune moment to deliver it, and though suffering from severe pain he resolved to go to New York and deliver the lecture.

His friends tried to dissuade him from the step, as they felt that he was endangering his life.

But he was determined to go, and wrote to the President of the Society, who was pleased to accept the proffer of the lecture.

Accompanied by his physician, he traveled from

Philadelphia to New York, delivered the lecture, in which he eulogized Governor Cumming, and gave him the praise that was due to him for his conduct after reaching Utah, and the next morning there appeared in all the newspapers of the country, through the associated press, a brief epitome of the lecture, commending Governor Cumming's administration of affairs.

It had the effect to turn the scale in Cumming's favor.

President Buchanan relinquished the idea of removing him, and he remained governor until he had served out his full term.

I was in the east at the time and familiar with all the circumstances, and I was deeply impressed with the General's conduct on that occasion.

I have often thought that probably there was not one Elder in the Church out of a thousand who would have taken such risks or deemed it necessary to have gone to such pains as he did on that occasion to accomplish such an end.

I was present at the lecture and saw that he suffered great pain during its deliver}'.

But this was characteristic of the man.

When a duty had to be performed he never hesitated about attempting it.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

He might be feeble or sick, yet his willpower was so strong that he succeeded in bringing the weakness of his body into subjection to his spirit.

"Upon hearing of the death of President Young, he dropped his business and started immediately for this city.

He felt that perhaps he might be of aid and if he, by his presence or counsel, could be of any service, it would repay him for his trouble.

"He loved the President with surpassing love, and always listened with reverence to his counsels, esteeming him one of nature's noblemen—one of the bravest and truest patriots whom he knew—and this love on his part was fully reciprocated by the President.

President Young saw the noble character of the man, and highlv esteemed him for the sacrifices which he had made in behalf of a persecuted and unpopular people.

"It has been a cause of great delight to me to be acquainted with him and to be his friend.

He is endeared to me by innumerable acts of kindness.

I loved him for his devoton to justice, to constitutional rights, and to the liberty of men.

He was amiable as a woman, and possessed all the lovable traits of the softer sex, and with it every robust quality of manhood, being absolutely without fear.

"Pie has gone to his rest; and the Lord will assuredly reward him according to his works.

He was a noble spirit, and will reap the reward of noble deeds."

Words are women; deeds are men.

Herbert.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

CONFERENCE—BOX ELDER.

The conference of the Y. M. M.

I.

A. of Box Elder Stake was held in the New Tabernacle, Brigham City, on Sunday, January 13th, occupying the entire day and evening with three meetings.

Representatives were present from thirteen of the twenty-three Associations in the Stake, and answered to roll call.

a. m.

Prayer by C. M. Squires.

In his opening remarks, Supt.

Chas.

Kelly was pleased to state that Mutual Improvement was progressing in this Stake.

It now contains twenty-three Associations, an increase of three the last year.

Urged all, from presidents down, to renewed activity, that we may continue to report favorably at each succeeding conference.

Reports of sixteen Associations were read, submitted and accepted.

Lecture by Wm. Facer, Willard Association, on the mission of Christ.

Lecture by Prest. E. A. Box, Second Ward, city, on repentance.

A. H. Snow occupied balance of time in an interesting treatise on the dream of Nebuchadnezzar.

Prayer by Prest. John D. Burt.

p. m.

Prayer by N. Madsen, Jr.

Sacrament administered.

Lecture by Wm. Packer, Third Ward, city, on baptism.

Lecture by Thos. Peters, Southward, on the stick of Judah and the stick of Ephraim.

Song by Miss Alice Lowe, of Willard.

N. Madsen, Jr., spoke on worldly and spiritual wealth.

Apostle Lorenzo Snow addressed the congregation on the future of the youth of Zion; urged upon all members of the

Associations the necessity of becoming acquainted with the Gospel as taught in the Bible and Church Works, that when the call comes, as come it will to some who least expect it, that they will be qualified to go forth and represent their people and religion in a creditable manner.

Appointments read for the ensuing quarter, and Stake officers presented and sustained, as follows: Chas. Kelly, superintendent; A. H. Snow and N. Madsen, jr., counselors; E. H. Peirce, corresponding secretary;

R.

H.

Jones, recording secretary; W. J. Packer, treasurer.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Prayer by Patriarch Wm. Box.

6.30 p.m.

Prayer by J. H. Bott.

Elder Joseph A. West occupied most of the evening in an eloquent and masterly address, full of spirit and suited to the wants of his listeners.

E. H.

Peirce concluded with an exhortation.

Singing.

Benediction.

Yours for improvement, E. H. Peirce, Secretary.

SANDWICH ISLANDS ASSOCIATIONS.

It will perhaps be interesting to the readers of the Contributor who are interested in the cause of Mutual Improvement, and especially to those Elders who have labored as missionaries among the Hawaiian people, to peruse a short history of the organization and labors of the Mutual Improvement Associations among the youth of these Islands.

Acting upon this supposition, I will endeavor to give a brief sketch of the same.

The Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I. Associations were organized at Laie, Oahu, the land of gathering, May 7, 1876, by Richard G. Lambert.

This was the beginning of the work of Mutual Improvement on these Islands—the ushering in of a brighter epoch in the history of the native youth.

The work was confined to Laie at first, but in 1878 general officers for all the islands were chosen with a view of extending the labor to other branches where there were sufficient numbers of the young to justify making organizations.

Benjamin Cluff, Jr., was chosen General Superintendent, which position he occupied until his return to Utah.

During his time he organized an association at Kawaihapai, Oahu, August 12, 1878, with twelve members (since disorganized on account of the members moving away);

one at Kahana, Oahu, October 2, 1878, with twenty-seven members, and a Young Ladies'Association at Kahana, March 3, 1882, with twentytwo members.

In April, 1882, Benjamin Cluff Jr., was released to return home, and J.

H.

Gardner appointed to take his place as Superintendent of the Associations.since which time he organized the Young Men's Association at Hanapepe, Kauai, May 3, 1883, with twenty-eight members, and a Young Ladies'Association at the same place and time, with seventeen members;

the Y.

L. M.

I. A.

of Makaweli, Kauai, May 23, 1S83, with eighteen members, and the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I.

A., conjoint, at Honolulu, Oahu, November 25, 1883, with twenty members.

There are eight Associations at present—four Young Ladies', three Young Men's and one conjoint Association.

Total number of members two hundred and seventy-two, of whom one hundred and thirty-four have joined during the past year.

The programmes are similar to those carried out in the Associations at home, and as a rule the exercises are well and creditably rendered.

The work of improvement is progressing finely among the young, and a lively interest is manifested by the members generally.

But still it may be said that the work is yet in its infancy, and the future will doubtless prove that these Associations will exert a powerful influence among the youth in enlightening their -minds, doing away with many of their traditions, and teaching them the glorious truths of the everlasting Gospel.

They are making rapid strides in that direction, and the influence for improvement wielded over their minds is steadily increasing.

We contemplate organizing a brass band at Laie, connected with the Associations.

For this purpose over seventyfive dollars have been received, and we hope in the near future to obtain sufficient means to buy the instruments and to see our band fairly started.

We would be pleased to forward a full report to be entered with the others in the general report, but circumstances are such that it is impracticable as our reports are brought in at the spring and fall conferences, and therefore it would be extremely difficult if not impossible to give correct statistics unless sent np either in April or October.

James H. Gardner, Supt.

Y. M. M.

I. A., Sandwich Islands.

Id m IT GENERAL MERCHANDISE, "WHOLESALE and RETAILDealers in PRODUCE AND DRIED FRUITS.

HIGHEST MARKET PRICES PAID FOR FARM PRODUCTS.

Special Attention given to Orders by Mail.

JENNI DIALERS AND CONTRACTORS.

3» Everything in Our Line FIRST CLASS.

.A-ZIiXj Z-SZHsTZDS OF FRESH AND CURED MEATS IN SEASON.

.

First Santh St., cmr Commercial, empir n. W. SPENCER, y. R. EVAN'S.

«'S & SPEM€EB, WALKER OPERA HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY, P.

0. Box 1019.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN

LillO CHICAGO SHOT, FISHfflfi TACKLE, CUTLERY, Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Motions, Etc.

Rlf[© Clubs supplied with Complete Outfits at Reasonable; Prices.

"DP ALL SIZES, WITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.

CBAHP101 BEAFBBS, HOWIES, and OOID 1IIBIE:

Champion Front Cot Miwer, Only Tico Cog Wheels, Lightest Draft, Strongest, and BEST FRONT CUT MOWER MADE.

CtSIDT nun PLOWS CHAMPION CORD B8 WDER, as light in Weight and dralt as an ordinary Self-Raker, very simple in construction, ana guaranteed to dojperfect work.

OLIVER CHILLED MO 10LINE STEEL PLOWS,

Harrows.

Cultivators, Single avid Double Shovel Plows, htc.

Lightest Draft, Strongest and Best Working SulKy Plow made.

Can be used as an old ground plow, or guaranteed to work well in the heaviest sage brush.

T1GEE SELF-DUMP HAY EAKE, The only perfect Self-Dump Hay Pake made.

Triumph Improved Grain Drills and Broadcast Seeders.

force FF£EB Can b • ailju>ted lo Sow Whea', Oais, Flax, Lucerne, etc.

Porter Iron Roofing, YIWY. and LIGHTNING PROOF.

Cheapest and Best Hooting made.

Hardwood Wagon Material, The Largest and Most Complete Stock ever in the Territory. Hardwood Plank of all sizes

We have our Season's Supply on hand.

All received, under Cut Rates of Freight.

I HOOSe, ball LBKE BX^^_2nTCE3: HOUSES:

OGDEX; UTAH; SHOSHONE and CALDWELL,

IDAHO.

ESTABLISHED 1S74.

FIRST CLASS SUITS JYIacie to Order.

PERFECT EIT GUARANTEED.

Alt Correspondence to q. 0. ¥5iii0Rg Constitution Building.

East Temple Street 6', Opposite Z.

C. M.

I.

"We Carry ITull Lines oi FRENCH, ENGLISH, SCOTCH and ZDOTVCEST'IO GOODS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

UTAH.

ARDY

ROS.

TJRTON m -HjcfiENEBtTIIi MERCHANDISE,** W i IA WABliOfSl.^gfe Opposite Z. C. M.

iXtGw.""} MAIN STREET, S.

f Silver Plated WareOur Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The fioorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted "by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds t yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for -was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

UNION SCHOOL FURNITURE

CO., Sole Manufacturers of the Celebrated

Ti'At miHT!

BEA T / A great Improvement over all other Styles.

DURABLE, CONVENIENT, COMFORTABLE.

In use in the leading Schools of the Country.

Already introduced- at ) JVephi and 15th Wa? d, Salt Lake City.

Teachers'Desks, Recitation Desks, Hall.Seats, Opera Chairs,

Maps, Globes, real Slate and Slating for Blackboards, Reading

Charts, Physiological Charts, Window Shades, Teachers'Registers, District

Blanks, and everything needed for Schools.

Office Desks, in various Styles of superior Workmanship.

Send for full Dascriptive Catalogue, containing Elaborate Plans and Specifications for School

Houses.

Address, O- H. R^CCS, General A^ent.

BOX 537, SALT LAKE CIT"ST.

M.

B. CUMMINGS.

rv P W. MADSEX.

J. S. WINDEK, JR.

OVTA-IIsT STREET, PARLOK, COOKING, HEATING, OFFICE and BEDEOOM STOVES,

A.2?JB> JSriSMYTBINO- TO FWMNISM A. KITCMJSN.

E "-'^JIjiNG >THE* BestMachineMade Try it and you will buy no other.

YOUNG BROTHERS, Two Doors South of Z, C.

M.

!., Salt Lake City.

P. AVIB8ACH WM ESTABLISHED 1864.

SPARING GOODS!

Six Departments Fully Stocked.

D„-.«* f*> 0s.**As> P\ ^ Mi 4-. Silks, Satins, Tricots, Checks reSS 1*200 CIS Uept:

Foreign and Domestic DOMESTIC DEPT;

Zephyr Cloths, Ginghams, Cheviots, Sateens,

Linens, Table Cloths, Napkins, Towels, Curtains, Tidies; Endless Variety.

!Vi%rjrW4hlV Tfc IP "Sf*^- Neckwear, Fancy Goods, Buttons, Hosiery, Gloves, XlWAiVll MWMUaj M-m Underwear, Corsets, Laces, Embroideries, Ribbons, Flowers and Millinery.

Wholesale and Retail.

SBZOZODED X>3B3I=»T:

Ladies'and Misses'Shoes, Ties and Slippers, in Newest Styles CLOTHING DEPT CARPET DEPT:

Body Brussels, Velvets, Moquette, Tapestry, Three Ply, Ingrains, Rugs, Oilcloths, Crumb

Cloths, Window Shading and Fixtures.

WINTER STOCK GOING REGARDLESS OF COST.

Wholesale Customers Supplied with Best Goods at Lowest Prices.

Honorable Treatment Guaranteed.

Spring Suits, Hats, Furnishing Goods, MEN'S and BOYS'BOOTS and SHOES.

"THE THREE WITNESSES."THIS SPLENDID i^ftlifafiiil c&fflhnvniii Is now "being:

Sold, izi Elegant Frames.

County and Town Agencies can be secured by energetic Canvassers at a Good Discount.

Address, for particulars, CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE,

Salt Hialse City.

TIE AVERY WILKIHG MD SULKY PLOWS.

The J.

I. CASE Plow Co.'s Sulky and Walking Plows.

Planet Jr.Farm $ Garden Implements.

J. I. Oase Threshing MachineCompany 's Threshers and Horse Powers, Saw Mills and Engines.

Hay Presses, Cider and Cane Mills, Evaporators, Steel Barb Fence Wire, WAHIS, Farm, Freight and Spring WAG1N5, Wagon (took, Hardwood umber.

.T5THFORD WAC} MD combined.

^x^ Scrapers,Tents,. Grading Plows.

THOMAS & HOLLINGWORTH HAKES, I CONTRAClORS'SUPPUES.etc.

Inducing the Celebrated ii.G-ITiiTOBI Also their Headers, Boss Sickle Grinders Coates L Lever Rakes, Send for Price List to JOHN W. LOWELL COMPANY, SALT LAKE AND OGDEN, UTAH.

nS^TIME CARD.^ GOI2STC3- SOUTH.

GOING NORTH, Atlantic E press.

Pacific Express.

Park City "spress.

Mail and Express.

Pacific E press.

Atlantic E press.

Park City Express.

STATIONS.

STATIONS.

Mail and Express.

Ogden, Depart Eaysville Farmington...

Woods Cross..

Salt Lake, Ar Salt Lake, Dp.

Fran^klyn Lovenddhls...

Sandy Draper Lehi Junction.

Lehi American For PieasantGrove Provo Springville....

Spanish Fork..

Payson Santaquin Nephi Juab Deseret Milford Frisco, Arrive 7.00a.m.

7.45 "8.12 8.30 8.30a.m 9.05 9.18 9.H2 9 50 10.30a.m.

11.10 11.24 11.41 12.00 m.

5.15p.m 5.5"> 6.08 6.26 fi.45 7.00a.m 7.18 7.26 7.3'!

7.46 8.14 8.19 "8.27 8.36 9.00 9.12 9.24 9.42 9.55 10.42 11.15 "Ar.JuAB 3 05p.m 3.23 3.31 3.41 3.51 4.19 4.24 4.32 "4.41 5.05 5.17 5.29 5.47 6.00 6.47 7.45 11.50 6 30a.m, 8.30 cc a, •a £J C jj co £ ~ >> O 4) C5 c cd—

Frisco, Depart Milford.........

Deseret Juab Nephi Santaquin Payson Spanish Fork.

Springville...

Provo PieasantGrove AmericsnFork Lehi Lehi Junction.

Draper Sandy Lovendahls....

Francklyn Salt Lake, Ar.

Salt Lake, DpWoods Cross...

Farmington...

Eaysville Ogden, Arrive 4.00p.m 6.10 11.45 4.45a.m, 5.19 6.05 6.19 6.39 6.52 7.-8 7.52 8.00 8.09 8.14 8.44 8.54 9.04 9.12 9 30 6.10a m.

7.f0am 6.29 7.18 6.46 7.32 7.00 7.45 7.40 8.20 o OOp.m 3.18 3.34 3.47 4.2> 1.40p.m 3.00 3.14 3.34 3.47 4.00 4.24 4.32 4.41 4.46 5.14 5.24 5.34 5.42 6.00 7.30p.m.

7.49 8.06 8.20 9.0) JOHN SHARP, Genl. Supt.

JAMES SHARP, Asst. Genl. Supt.

FRANCIS COPE, Geni.

F. & P. Agt.

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE RAILWAY.

TIME C^-XSXJ.

FROM THE SOUTH.

FROM the NORTH.

AccomodaPacific tion Train.

Express.

Springville Accom'd'n.

Atlantic Express.

Springville Accom'd'n.

Leaves COAL MINE 5.47 a.m.

5.52 7.47 9.22 10.02 10.57 11.52 12.43pm.

2J3 2.28 2.43 4.02 4.58 6.4)2 HOOPER 8.42 a.m.

S.47t>.m SCHOFIELD 8.57 9.20 9.29 9.43 10.05 3.02 P. V JUNCTION 12.51 a.m.

1.50 2.14 2.49 3 22 3.36 3.50 4.12 4.21 4.29 5.07 5.22 5.29 «« 5.32 5.48 «« KAYSVILLE 3.16 CLEAE CEElK FAEWINGTON WOODS OEOSS Arrive SALT LAZE CITY 3.36 MILL FQEE.

3.52 THISTLE 4.1 SPEINGVILLE BATTLE CEEEK...

AMEEICAN FOEK..

lehi;

6.57 a.m.

7.12 j.U 7.43 7.51 8.29 8.44 8.51 8.54 9.10 Passenger Trains Leave for points Xorth at 5.58 a. m and 9.20 a.

in.

DEAfEE BINGHAM JUNC'N..

GEEMANIA FEANCZLYN Arrive SALT LAZE CITY Passenger Trains Leave Salt Lake for points south of Springville at 10.20 a.m.

Springville Train Leaves at 4.32 p.m.

I>. C. DODGE, Gen'l Manager, F. C. NIMS, Gen'l T'k't Agt., X)E0iT-^7"EI2,, COL.

W. H. BANCROFT, Gen'l Supt, A.M(JDGF/JTT,Geii'l Agt. Pass. Dent.

Sii-LT Xj-A-I^E citt.

tieses s^ilto:,^- iefte: bouts.

f**m iik Ifl HftTTC? GAWPR Between Salt Lake City «m8 f rCXll i 10 U flUUftw wftVuil the Missouri Silver, via tue JLU&llStt} fip^ nt Iti^ m m% m,

Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

Elegant Pullman Sleeping Gars and Day Coaches.

Best Ra Iroad Dining Halls, P.

J. FI.Ytf fr¥, W.

V. WHITE, Gen. Agt., * alt Lake City.

Gen. Pass. * T'k'tAgt.,Topeka, Kan.

8. V. DERRAH, Traveling Agent.

wiiii«iiiiii'aai::iiiii«iiiiiiiM m^MM> - wti \tm>w< ta'iiiiinii*;:

i-!i -:» liiliil