The Glory of God is Intelligence.

VOL.

V.

JULY, 1SS4 No.

©F)G A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOKE LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS SAX,'** X.PHK*-:

CXTTT, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1884.

PAGE History of the Hook of Mormon.

Translation of the Records.

11.. George Reynolds The Natal Day of Liberty O F.

Whitney Hudson Bay Territory James H. Ward Architecture of Common Houses.

W. S. Hedges Legend of Montrose.

II..

H. L. A, Culmer The National Political Struggle 5. A. K.

Dreamland J. E.

T.

The Great Tidal Wave.

II H. W. Naisbitt Some Strange Metals.•

EDITORIAL:

Encouragement to the Elders Wilford Woodmff.

Chinese Gordon Q> 'Spectacles and I Eye Glasses.

J mmlm9 Smwemff 1G2 MAIN STREET, S.

\ Silver Plated Ware.

i mm Mi bound.

The reserve issue of SCO copies will be bound by September 15th.

Orders for over half the issue have been received.

It will be a valuable volume* containing the Steel Engraving "The Three Witnesses,"and a splendid variety of reading matter.

PRICE OF THE VOLUME, $2.50.

POSTAGE:?G CENTS.

Address Contributor Office.

It. W. SVKNTKR.

V.

](. FVANS.

WALKER OPEEA HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY, P.

0. Box 1019.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IX '9 * JfcStUlSijf ) AMftJ.lM4ftJLMVJ.VU9 CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY,

Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Notions, Etc.

Riff© Clubs suppMed with Complete Outfits at Reasarrablle Petaea.

8TUDB C3 &0& wISjSJSIijS --.-- On Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The floorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty-eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres*

The lumber 'used is seasoned from three to five years before being* worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work "would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of tiLer world* nearly 30,000'vehicles.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, G^=J^o. 1237 First South Street W,=5^0 WWW '<fc 9<OV8» 2py<0|>ar4e*0r#* 5f^be ^ita^Jjs op fai/d it|e Choicest of ^e^fs ty Se^oi)

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ <~<Jb*AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fill Orders entnuttad to our Qa.re promptly (pmlii>mr*d..

THE IN!

WALKING IHD SULK!

PLOWS The J.

I. CASE Plow Co.'s Sulky and Walking Plows Planet Jr.Farm $ Garden Implements.

J. I. Case Threshing Hay Presses, Cider and MaehineCompany's^—^^^^ Cane Mills, EvapThreshers and ^^^^ ^^S^.

orators, Steel Horse Powers, Sy^ «.

.

n\ Barb Fence saw Mills /^ Harrows and Cultivators, ^v wire, and Engines, //'py.

v**^ *°%el C00T;

nK Twine Bbfere.

Fers ajid Molars, Droppers asA ^° THE G-^ZLIE ^/Hardwood coatesLook- >^S01fl BAB10W US SEEDER "Uinbci Lever Hay x^ combined.

^s^ Scrapers, Tents, Harness, Grading Plows.

lilti & EOLLIMGSWOETH U&S.

I C0NTRAC70RS'SUPPLIES,etc.

Including the Celebrated ^Q-IT-£JXOIE£I

Also their Headers.

Boss Sickle ^ rinders £e7wZ for PHce List to JOHN ¥. LOWELL COMPANY, SALT LAKE AND OGDEN, UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY

and OCDEN, UTAH, GENERAL AGtNT FOB Schuttler Farm and Freight Wagons.A-iid. Dealer in.

Open Buggies, Top Buggies and Phoetons, Spring

Wagons and Road Carts.

A Largs Assortment wlich will be "OLD AT VER"LOW PRICES.

HEADQUARTERS &OH.

AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Of all kinds, and having the Latest Improvements, among -which are the following novelties:

The Foust Hay Loafer, The Champion Hay Sicker and Itar, Horse Hay Forks ani Carrier:, And the Celebrated Centrifugal Irrigating

Pump, Buckeye Reapers and Mowers,

Sweepstakes and Minnesota Chief

Threshers, Barbed Fence Win?, Dederick Hay Presses and Hoisting Engines.

Steam Engines, Saw Mills, Flour M i I J >

Wood Working Machinery of all kinds, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Knowies Pumps.

Call and See them, or Write for Illustrated Circulars.

F. AUERBACH & BRO.

Great Clearance Sale.

Must Go Regardless of Cost.

We are offering POSITIVE BARGAINS in Silks, French and American Dress Goods, Wbtte

Goods, Flannels, Ladies'cloths, Ladles'and Children's H<> e, Gloves, Fans, Laces and Embroideries, MILLINERY GOODS OF EVERY KIND.

Ladies'Underwear, Corsets, Porn'sols, Neckwear, shoes, slippers, Etc.

A Few Ladies'Winter Wraps and White and Colored Blankets, at Prices to pay you for anticipating the Season.

WHOLESALE BUYERS villi find many Ileal Jobs in our Immense Stock.

W« AKD WEVEK UHIMGKSOIiD.

Established 1864.

Mail Orders Promptly Filled.

F. AUERBACH & BRO.

HOWARD SEBREE

CO.

Bk «5B»< ALL SIZES, WITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.

» CHAMPION BBAPB&S, MOWERS, and CQBD BIHBEBS.

Champion Front Cnt Miwer, -3A usidt sou Only Two Cog Wheels, Lightest Draft, Strongest, and BEST FRONT CU'l MOWER MADE.

CHAMPION CORD BINDER, as light in Weight and draft as an ordinary Solf-Raker, very simple- in construction, and guaranteed to do perfect work.

OLIVER CHILLED AID HOLUfE STEEL PLOWS.

Marrows, Cultivators, Single and Double Shovel Plows,

Etc.

Lightest Draff, Strongest and Best Working SulUy Plow made.

Can be used as an old ground plow, or guaranteed to work well in the heaviest sago brush.

TIGER SELF-DUMP HLAJY"EAKE, The ouly perfect Self-Dump Hay Rake made.

Triumph Improved Grain Drills and Broadcast Seeders.

foec1 F F£ed.

Can be adjusted to Sow Wheat, Oats, Flax, Lucerne, etc*

Porter Iron Roofing, FIRE and LIGHTNING PROOF.

Cheapest and Best Booting- made.

Hardwood Wagon Material, The Largest and Most Complete Stock ever

In the Territory. Hardwood Plank of all sizes

We have our Season's Supply on hand.

All received under Cut Mates of J?reight.

Central House, Salt Lake City, Utah.

B^i^-OiTCH HOT7SES:

OGDEN, UTAH/ SHOSHONE'and CALDWELL, IDAHO.

ESTABLISHED 1874.

FIRST- CLASS Made to Order.

PERFECT EIT GUARANTEED.

All Correspondence to a. 0. j^me^s SUITS utf\A s - and HERALD BUILDING.

WEST TEMPLE STREET.

"We Carry.Full Lines ot FRENCH, ENGLISH, SCOTCH DOMESTIC G-OOIDS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. V.

JULY, 1884.

No.

10.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

TRANSLATION OF THE RECORDS.

II.

The careful reader of our last chapter may probably have noticed an apparent error between the dates of the two revelations therein given in full. The first is dated July, 182S, the second May, 1829;

yet in the short paragraph of history that connects the two, the Prophet Joseph states that after he had obtained the first of these two reyelations, both the plates and the Urim and Thummim were taken from him again, "but in a few days they were returned"to him, when he inquired of the Lord and received the second communication.

The question which we are not able to answer is; In which place does the error occur?

Should the words, "in a few days,"read, "in 'a few months,"or should the date of the second revelation be August or September, 1828.

This is a question we cannot decide.

At first sight, the inference from the tenor of the revelation is that it was given at a date anterior to May, 1829, for it treats almost entirely of Martin Harris and the results of his grave folly, and says: "You [Joseph Smith] also lost your gift at the same time, and your mind became darkened;

nevertheless, it is now restored unto you again, therefore see that you are faithful and continue on unto the finishing of the remainder of the work of translation as you have begun."Here the expression now would seem to convey the idea that this revelation was given immediately on the Urim and Thummim being restored to Joseph's care.

But on the other hand reference is made to the continuing of the work of translation, as though at that actual time he was engaged in that labor.

May, 1829, was the month that Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were baptized, they having been unitedly engaged in the work of translation from the early part of the previous month, yet no reference is made to Oliver in the revelation, which fact appears somewhat strange if it was received at that late date.

Sister Lucy Smith states that the Urim and Thummim was restored to Joseph on the 22d of September, 1828.

We will quote her statement of what he told her on this matter, simply prefacing it by reminding our readers that it was while Joseph was visiting at his parents'house at Manchester, that he first learned the fact that Martin Harris had lost the manuscript.

Joseph said to her:

"On leaving you I returned immediately home.

Soon after my arrival, I commenced humbling myself in mighty prayer before the Lord, and, as I was pouring out my soul in supplication to God, that if possible, I might obtain mercy at his hands, and be forgiven of all that I had done contrary to his will, an angel stood before me and answered me, saying that I had sinned in delivering the manuscript into the hands of a wicked man, and, as I had ventured to become responsible for his faithfulness, I would of necessity have to suffer the consequences of his indiscretion, and I must now give up the Urim and Thummim into his (the angel's) hands.

"This I did as I was directed, and as I handed,them to him, he remarked, 'If

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

you are very humble and penitent, it may be you will receive them again;

if so, it will be on the twenty-second of next September.'"After the angel left me I continued my supplications to God, without cessation, and on the twenty-second of September,

I had the joy and satisfaction of again receiving the Urim and Thummim, with which I have again commenced translating, and Emma writes for me, but the angel said that the Lord would send me a scribe, and I trust His promise will be verified."From the context it would appear that this conversation took place a few days after Joseph had received the sacred instruments, probably during the last week in September, Sister Smith adds:

"A few months after Joseph had received them [the Urim and Thummim], he inquired of the

Lord and received the following revelation."

She then inserts a part of the revelation, dated May, 1829.

Her statement in this regard must not, however, be deemed conclusive.

In the first place she was faraway when Joseph received this communication, and consequently is only a second-hand witness as to its facts.

And again, her book was written years after the publication of the revelation, with the date attached; and so perhaps she may have simply said "a few months after"because it was so dated, and not from actual knowledge.

With these remarks we will leave the subject, hoping that when the original history, as kept by John Whitmer, is given to the world, it will correct this, with other items that cannot now be verified, but which are of deep interest to the student of the History of the Church.

A fresh personage now becomes inseparably linked with the translation of the Book of Mormon.

He is no other than Oliver Cowdery, who next became the scribe to Joseph, and wrote the words of the translation as they fell from the youthful Prophet's inspired lips. We do not know that we can go over this portion of the story to any better advantage than by inserting the chapter on "The time occupied in the translation of the Book of Mormon,"to be found in our little work, entitled, "The Myth of the Manuscript Found:"Objection has been made to the divinity of the Book of Mormon, on the ground that the account given in the publications of the Church, of the time occupied in the work of translation, is far too short for the accomplishment ol such a labor, and consequently it must have been copied or transcribed from some work written in the English language, most probably from Spaulding's "Manuscript Found."But at the outset it must be recollected that the translation was accomplished by no common method, by no ordinary means.

It was done by divine aid.

There were no delays over obscure passages, no difficulties over the choice of words, no stoppages from the ignorance of the translator; no time was wasted in the investigation or argument over the value, intent or meaning of certain characters, and there were no references to authorities.

These difficulties to human work were removed.

All was as simple as when a clerk writes from dictation. The translation of the characters appeared on the Urim and Thummim, sentence by sentence, and as soon as one was correctly transcribed, the next would appear.

So the inquiry narrows down to the consideration of this simple question, how much could Oliver Cowdery write in a day?

Or, how many of the printed pages of the Book of Mormon could an ordinary clerk transcribe from dictation in a day?

When that is determined, divide the total number of pages in the Book of Mormon by that number, and you have the answer in days.

It now becomes important to discover when the translation was commenced and when it was finished.

This cannot be determined to a day, but enough is known for our purpose.

When Oliver first visited Joseph, some little had been translated, exactly how much is not known.

The next question is: When did that visit occur? We will let Oliver answer.

He writes ( Times and Seasons^ Vol.

I, page 201): "Near the time of the setting of the sun, Sabbath evening,

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

April 5th, 1829, my natural eyes, for the first time, beheld this brother.

He then resided in Harmony, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania.

On Monday, the sixth, I assisted him in arranging some business of a temporal nature, and on Tuesday, the seventh, commenced to write the Book of Mormon."In the History of Joseph Smith, we read:

"During the month of April, I continued to translate and he (Oliver) to write with little cessation, during which time we received several revelations."And again: "We still continued the work of translation, when, in the ensuing month (May, 1829), we, on a certain day, went into the woods to pray."Oliver also states: "These were days never to be forgotten—to sit under the sound of a voice dictated by the inspiration of heaven, awakened the utmost gratitude of this bosom Day after day I continued, uninterrupted, to write from his mouth, as he translated with the Urim and Thummim, or, as the

Nephites would have said, 'Interpreters,'the history or record called the Book of Mormon."Thus we see these two young men had bent the whole energy of their souls towards the accomplishment of this most important work.

They united their youthful zeal "day after day, uninterrupted, "and "with little cessation,"to the labor of translation.

It requires very little imagination to understand how diligently and earnestly they toiled, how they permitted nothing to interfere with their labor of love, how they devoted every hour, until fatigue overcame them, to the divinely imposed task (and young and vigorous as they were, it was not a little that would tire them out);

while curiosity and other far worthier feelings would give zest and inspiration to their labors.

As they progressed, we can well imagine how their interest in the narrative increased until they could scarcely tear themselves away from their inspired labors even when their minds and bodies called for food and rest.

The enthusiasm with which Oliver speaks of those days shows plainly that this was the case, and we cannot reasonably think that Joseph was any less interested than he.

Now let us examine when these two brethren commenced their marvelous work.

Two series of dates have been given.

Oliver's, given above, and another in the History of Joseph Smith, which gives the dates as the fifteenth and seventeenth of April, or ten days later.

Oliver's has this direct evidence of its correctness, that, as he states, the fifth, sixth and seventh of April, 1829, fell on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, which, of course, those ten days later would not.

Again, the event being of more importance in his life than in Joseph's, he was more likely to recollect the details, besides being a better scholar and penmaa, it is more probable that if any record of the circumstance was made at that time, he made it.

But really there is no discrepancy.

The dates, fifteenth and seventeenth, in the Pearl of Great Price, in Joseph's history, etc., are unfortunately typographical errors or mistakes in printing.

In the original manuscript in the Historian's Office, the dates are the same as those of Oliver Cowdery—the fifth and seventh.

But the mistake having once been printed, it has been copied out of one journal or back into another, until nearly all our works have perpetuated the blunder.

From Joseph and Oliver's narrative we learn how far they had progressed in the work of translation at the time of the visit of the angel John the Baptist and their baptism.

This took place on May 15th of the same year.

It was because they found in the teachings of the risen Redeemer to the Nephites certain instructions regarding baptism that they were led to inquire of the Lord regarding this ordinance, and their inquiry led to the angel's visit.

Where are these teachings found?

In the third book of Nephi;

some, probably the very ones that so deeply impressed the minds of these young men, on page five hundred and three of the Book of Mormon (latest edition).

Then it is supposable that between April 7th and May 15th, they had translated as much as makes five hundred and three pages of the printed

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Book of Mormon.

How much is this a day?

Between these two dates, including April 7th but not May 15th, there are thirty-eight days, which would make about thirteen pages a day, if we allow nothing for what was previously transcribed.

A swift writer copying from dictation could write four such pages in an hour, as we have demonstrated experimentally, an ordinary writer about three.

But allowing that Oliver Cowdery might be a very slow writer, and that he only copied at the rate of a page in half an hour, even then he would only have had to work six and one half hours each day to accomplish the task; and if they rested entirely on Sundays, about one hour more.

So we see, making no allowance for the work already done, allowing Oliver Cowdery to be a slow penman for his profession—a schoolmaster—and admitting that they ceased from their labor on the Sabbath, still it was only necessary for them to do a short day's work, especially for two young men in the prime and vigor of life; and yet allow ample time for the reception of revelations and the performance of other duties that possibly occasionally called for their attention.

To show how easy such an effort would be, we will state that President George Q. Cannon has informed us that when he translated the Book of Mormon into the language of the Sandwich Islanders, he frequently translated as many as eight or ten pages a day.

This was far heavier work to do alone, and without the assistance of the Urim and

Thummim, than it was for Joseph and Oliver together to translate from twelve to fifteen pages with the all-important assistance of the "Interpreters."

After the date of their baptism, the brethren appear to have worked more leisurely.

Early in June they moved to Mr. Peter Whitmer's, at Fayette, Seneca

County, New York, who had kindly offered them a house.

Here the work was continued, John Whitmer, one of the sons, assisting them very much by writing.

Joseph states: "Meanwhile our translation was drawing to a close, we went to Palmyra, Wayne County, New

York, secured the copyright and agreed with Mr. Egbert Grandin to print five thousand copies for the sum of three thousand dollars."The copyright was secured on June nth, so it appears that between May 15th and the last named date, or twenty-six days, they had not quite translated one hundred and twenty pages—not five pages a day—or they would have finished their work.

The exact date the translation was entirely completed is not known, at least we have not been able to discover it.

The above conclusions may possibly have to be modified by another consideration, which, while not involving the main question of how long it took to translate the entire book, yet changes the rate at which Joseph and his scribes worked at the commencement and end of their labors.

The question has been asked: Was the translation commenced at the beginning of the book and continued in regular order to the end?

There is doubt with regard to this point.

It is held by some that after Joseph received authority from the angel to re-commence the translation (after the loss by Martin Harris of the manuscript of one hundred and sixteen pages of the Book of Lehi), he began at that part known to us as "The Words of Mormon,"which are a kind of preface to the abridgment made by Mormon of the history of the Nephites, and it was not until after the receipt of the revelation dated

May, 1829, that he was permitted to translate that portion known to us as the

First and Second Books of Nephi, and the Books of Jacob, Enos, Jarom and Omni, called in the record, "the plates of

Nephi."In support of this position the following portions of the above-mentioned revelation are quoted:

"And now, verily, I say unto you, that an account of those things that you have written, which have gone out of your hands, are engraven upon the plates of Nephi;

"Yea, and you remember it was said in those writings that a more particular account was given of these things upon the plates of Nephi.

"And now, because the account which

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

is engraven upon the plates of Nephi is more particular concerning the things which, in my wisdom, I would bring to the knowledge of the people in this account;

"Therefore, you shall translate the engravings which are on the plates of Nephi, down even till you come to the reign of King Benjamin, or until you come to that which you have translated, which you have retained;

'"And behold, you shall publish it as the record of Nephi, and thus I will confound those who have altered my words."The reader will observe that whatever was the date on which this revelation was given, they, at that time, had translated some portion of the plates;

that portion apparently relating to the times of King Benjamin, which they had retained, or that which we now know as the Words of Mormon and the Book of

Mosiah.

Having translated so much (how much cannot now be told), they were permitted to translate the engravings on the plates of Nephi.

But there'is no evidence at the command of the writer by which he can tell whether they at once went to work on the plates of Nephi or left them to a later date.

If their translation was left until after the date of the baptism of Joseph and Oliver, which is quite probable if this revelation be correctly dated, then, instead of having translated five hundred and three pages of the present Book of Mormon at that date, they would only have completed three hundred and fortysix, as the translation of the plates of Nephi occupies one hundred ai^ fiftyseven.

If this be so, they worked more slowly at the commencement of their labors and with greater rapidity towards the end than is suggested in our first calculation;

but the difference only makes their days'labors come out more evenly, and in no way throws any doubt upon the amplitude of the time to do the stated work.

There are (or rather were, for one is almost entirely obliterated), two manuscript copies of the Book of Mormon.

The first was deposited in the southeast corner of the Nauvoo House, with other papers of importance, coins, etc., on Saturday, October 2d, 1S41, in the presence of a number of Elders; one of whom, Elder Warren Foote, of Glendale, thus describes the circumstance:

"I wish to say that I saw the Prophet Joseph Smith deposit the manuscript of the Book of Mormon in the southeast corner-stone of the Nauvoo House, not the Temple.

I will quote from my journal:

"October 2, 1S41.—The Semi-annual Conference commenced to-day.

After meeting was dismissed, a deposit was made in the southeast corner-stone of the Nauvoo House.

A square hole had been chiseled in the large corner-stone like a box.

An invitation was given for any who wished to put in any little memento they desired to.

I was standing very near the corner-stone, when Joseph

Smith came up with the manuscript of the Book of Mormon, and said he wanted to put that in there, as he had had trouble enough with it.

It appeared to be written on foolscap paper, and was about three inches in thickness.

There was also deposited a Book of Doctrine and Covenants, five cent, ten cent, twentyfive cent, fifty cent and one dollar pieces of American coin, besides other articles.

A close fitting stone cover was laid in cement, and the wall built over it.

"I was standing within three feet of the Prophet when he handed in the manuscript, and saw it very plainly.

He intimated in his remarks, that in after generations the walls might be thrown down, and these things discovered, from which the people could learn the doctrines and principles and faith of the Latter-day Saints."Bishop F.

Kesler, of the Sixteenth Ward, was also one of those present.

The second manuscript, the one used by the printer, is in the possession of David Whitmer, the only survivor of the three witnesses.

A portion of the first mentioned of these manuscripts is now in the possession of President Joseph F.

Smith.

How it came into his hands is best explained by the following letter:

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Salt Lake City, 19th July, 1884.

Mr. George Reynolds:

Dear Brother.—In response to your note asking me how I came in possession of the manuscript, from Mr. Bidaman, now in the hands of President Joseph F. Smith, I will say:

Last year I visited friends in the states of New York, Ohio, Michigan and the northern part of Illinois.

On my way home I went down from Burlingtion to see the old land marks in and around Nauvoo.

I arrived there on the seventh of September.

After visiting what was once our family home, and the place where the beautiful Nauvoo Temple once stood, I rode through Parley, Mulholland and Main Streets, and felt like weeping over the desolation.

I asked the lady friend with whom

I was riding to call with me on Mr. Bidaman, a former acquaintance;

after learning where I was from, he recognized me and seemed pleased, we talked a little of times that were, and of persons gone.

He made inquiries about Salt Lake City and its inhabitants, I referred to his home which is a temporary four room building on the southwest corner of the foundation laid for the Nauvoo House.

I asked why the heavy and extensive foundations around him were being torn up, he replied, that he had bought the premises, and the rock was torn up to sell, as he was poor and otherwise would not have been able to build.

I said, I am interested in this foundation, because

I remember there were treasures deposited under the chief corner-stone.

He said, yes, I took up the stone box and sold it to Mr.

(I do not remember the name.) It had been so long exposed to the wet and weather that its contents were nearly ruined, I gave the coin to Joe (Joseph) and told him he could have the pile of paper.

He said it was the manuscript of the Book of Mormon; but it was so much injured that he did not care for it.

While we were talking, Mr. Bidaman's wife brought a large pasteboard box and placed it on my lap.

It contained a stack of faded and fast decaying paper, the bottom layers for several inches, were uniform in size, they seemed to me larger than common foolscap, the paper was coarse in texture and had the appearance of having lain a long time in water, as the ink seemed almost entirely soaked into the paper, when I handled it, it would fall to pieces.

I could only read a few words here and there just enough to learn that it was the language of the Book of Mormon.

Above this were some sheets of finer texture folded and sewed together, this was better preserved and more easily read, I held it up, and said, "Mr.

B.

How much for this relic?"He said, "Nothing from you, you are welcome to anything you like from the box."I appreciated the kindness, took the leaves that were folded and sewed together, also took two fragments of the

Times and Seasons, published by Don

Carlos Smith, I send with this a fragment dated January, 1840, for your acceptance, containing the pathetic lamentation of P.

P.

Pratt, while chained in prison.

Very respectfully, Sarah M. Kimball.

A description of the portion of the manuscript, mentioned by Sister Kimball and now in the hands of President Jos. F. Smith, will doubtless be of interest to the readers of the Contributor.

It consists of twenty pages of somewhat rough, unruled writing paper, more resembling narrow bill- cap than any other size of paper now made, being a little less than fifteen and a half inches long and full six and a half inches wide.

The paper is now tinged brown or yellow by time and damp, and the writing in some places is undecipherable.

The pages are numbered 3 to 22, pages 1 and having been lost.

The manuscript commences at the second verse of the second chapter of the First Book of Nephi, and continues to the thirty-fifth verse of the thirteenth chapter of the same book.

At the top of each page is a heading showing its principal contents.

These headings, as far as they can be deciphered, are as follows:

3.

Undecipherable.

4.

Nephi goeth up to Jerusalem to 5.

The brethren of Nephi smite him with a rod.

THE NATAL DAY OF LIBERTY.

6.

Nephi slayeth Laban 7.

Nephi obtains the records.

8.

Lehi searcheth the records.

9.

Lehi prophesieth concerning his seed.

10.

Laman and Lemuel rebelleth against Nephi.

11.

Laman and Lemuel repent and [go] with Nephi.

12.

Lehi's dream of the precious fruit.

13.

Lehi's fears for Laman and Lemuel, and he exhorts them.

14.

Lehi prophesies of the Messiah 15.

Nephi desireth the spirit of prophecy.

16.

Nephi caught the spirit 17.

Nephi beholdeth the Lamb of God, etc.

18.

The Messiah crucified (?) etc.

19 to 22.

Undecipherable.

The manuscript is in two, if not three, handwritings.

Pages to iS, inclusive, appear to have been written by

Oliver Cowdery.

Pages to 6 are written'in what looks like a woman's hand, possibly that of Emma Smith; while the handwriting on pages to 22, if not the same, very much resembles that of pages 3 to 6.

The only division made in the manuscript is into chapters;

the sentences are not divided by punctuation marks and are seldom commenced with capital letters.

That it is not punctuated can easily be accounted for.

Punctuation is a modern invention, the ancients do not appear to have had any system of stops; and the original plates, there can be but little doubt, were entirely without these aids to correct reading.

We are given to understand that the translation through the Urim and Thummim and the seer stone was a most literal one, and as there were no punctuation points in the original, therefore none appear in the translation.

Such at least is the reasonable inference.

The other manuscript is in the hands of David Whitmer, in Richmond, Ray County, Missouri.

It is the copy that was used by the printer, and has been cut up into "takes"for the convenience of the compositor.

It is of foolscap paper, partly ruled, partly not; written on both sides, and still in excellent preservation, as it has been guarded with great care by the Whitmer family.

It is securely sewn together in a volume with white worsted and other threads.

It is now punctuated and capitalized, which work was most probably done at the printer's when it was placed in the hands of the compositor, as Mr. Gilbert, foreman for Mr. Grandin, states it was not punctuated when brought to the office by

Hyrum Smith.

George Reynolds.

Worth makes the man, the want of it the fellow.

THE NATAL DAY OF LIBERTY.

As the traveler through solitary wilds ascends the occasional mountain-top, to gaze backward over the scenes his feet have traversed, or to peer forward into the intervening distance between him and his destination so the pilgrim through life's wilderness pauses instinctively on the summit of a great event, to glance in retrospection over the range of human history, or onward, so far as his vision is permitted to extend, athwart the dim and shadowy outline of the future.

Standing, to-day, on such an eminence—the anniversary of an occasion which looms like a mountain from the plain of man's experience—our thoughts fly backward, and with a wave of imagination's wand, whose thrilling touch revives the relics of antiquity, brings back the dead to life and paints anew the faded pictures of the past; we are gazing this hour, in common with millions of our countrymen, upon a panorama of glorious events, of which this day is the ever memorable reminder.

Eight years more than a century ago, was given to the world the Declaration of American Independence; an instrument which sundered forever the political ties between the Mother Nation and her colonies, absolved them from their allegiance to the British Crown, and raised our country from an attitude of

THE NATAL DAY OF LIBERTY.

dependency at the foot of a foreign throne, to her high and rightful station as an independent power among the nations of the earth.

Mankind, unaided by reason, unreminded by experience, are prone to underestimate the importance of objects of familiar acquaintance; and we, who are basking in the full blaze of liberty, bequeathed from the heroic era of the revolution, are apt to depreciate, not only the value of the priceless boon, but likewise the magnitude, the sublimity of the undertaking which secured to us its peaceable possession.

Among the brave-souled band who affixed their names to that immortal document, pledging their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honor, to the maintenance and vindication of the great principle involved, how many but felt it was their death warrant they signed, and they were standing upon the brink of an abyss from which a single misstep might hurl them into the yawning gulf below?

"If we do not hang together, we shall hang separately,"was a laconic yet significant speech uttered on that critical occasion.

Such, only, as have occupied similar positions, who have opposed might with right, who have faced, for God and conscience'sake, the pitiless storm of persecution, the keen arrows of contumely, or the savage bolts of death;

sacrificing their earthly hopes of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, in defense of a sacred conviction—such only are qualified to conceive the situation of the fathers of our Republic, In face of death who dared to fling

Defiance to a tyrant king, And laid their fortunes, lives and reputations upon the holy, immaculate altar of human liberty.

Theirs was a glorious deed.

It shines like the sun in the firmament of heaven, and like that sun it fills the earth with light, and beams for the welfare and happiness of the whole brotherhood of man.

The blow they dealt was in the common cause of freedom, the voice which appealed to high heaven for the rectitude of their intentions, sounded the death-knell of universal tyranny.

Not America, alone, but the wide world has cause to rejoice over, aye, and to commemorate that illustrious event. For on that day the axe was laid at the root of the Tree of Despotism; a tree springing from the soil of human selfishness, supported by the props of superstition and error, and watered with widow's tears and the blood of martyred innocence; a tree whose poisonous roots had sunken deep into the heart of humanity, and for centuries had sapped the life-blood of the earth, while its Upaslike branches, friutful of naught but misery and despair, arose and overshadowed with gloom the genius, the hopes and the exertions of the children of men.

Why, it might here be asked, why, in the economy of a merciful God was this hideous growth permitted to develop; feeding on the fat ol the land, and usurping in the vineyard of the Lord, places worthy to be filled only by plants of rarest virtue?

Why did not the Master, who finally gave command that it be hewn down and cast into the fire, ages before, while it was yet a feeble shrub, cause it to be uprooted and destroyed?

Perchance that man, whose primal disobedience had forfeited his claim to a happier state, might eat his fill of the fruits of bitterness and become wise through the experience of suffering.

Or, perhaps, that once when the Master would have answered the prayers of the oppressed and swept the umbrageous curse from the face of His footstool, and had sent His Only Son to inaugurate the work of reform, the misguided children of the world, inured and wedded to sin, preferring to crouch beneath the deadly shade of error and to eat of its product, than to partake of the fruits of a pure and enlightened origin, seized upon the

Son of their Lord, stripped Him of His robes, spat upon Him in derision, crowned Him with thorns and hung His bleeding form upon the accursed tree, where He offered up His life as a sacrifice for liberty!

Jesus Christ was a patriot!

His country was the world, His laws were the

THE NATAL DAY OF LIBERTY.

eternal principles of liberty, and His followers, in every age, have been the chosen champions of freedom!

For ages, that seemed multiplied by the crimes and sufferings they beheld, the tree of evil dominion, with its spreading boughs of priestly and political power was permitted to expand and flourish;

its snake-like tendrils grasping and choking out the fairest of the flowers, and its death-diffusing vapors scattering blight and ruin broadcast over the land.

But the fated time at length drew nigh.

The rank and venomous growth had encumbered the soil to an extent which threatened universal extinction.

The time for its downfall had arrived.

The great God of heaven had decreed its destruction.

But how was the blow to be struck?

The process of eradication must needs be gradual;

the supporting props must first be moved, that its overthrow might be unimpeded;

the withered limbs must next be lopped, lest the falling ruin crush with its tremendous weight the choice and tender shrubs of the garden.

Among the most notable agents on whom the earlier duty devolved, was a man named Christopher Columbus.

With the unquenchable fire of enterprise burning in his breast, and the light of inspiration beaming like a star on his pathway, he explored the liquid wilderness of the west, "pushed his prows into the setting sun,"shattered to atoms the superstitions of his age and found the land long destined as the fostering nurse of Life and Liberty.

Hark!

to the result—the crash of falling branches on the eastern shores of the Atlantic!

A German monk named Luther has arisen, and continuing the work of Wyckliffe, resurrecting the murdered Huss, following in the footsteps and fulfilling the mission of his martyred predecessors—the rotten fabric of religious tyranny is shaken from centre to circumference beneath the vigorous strokes of the axe of reformation.

The political bough is next asailed.

The iron-handed Cromwell appears, and though his task was bold and bloody and he requited with oppression the evils of oppression he opposed, yet the effects were destined to endure, and power which nerved his arm and fired his soul to action, evolved good even from the evil he wrought.

The love of freedom and its appreciation were now implanted within the human heart.

The germs of liberty, sown on the soils of Europe and transplanted to the fertile wilds of America, were springing forth on every hand, filling the air with fragrance and giving glad promise of a bright and floweryfuture.

The season was approaching when the Father of Life, the Inspirer of patriots, the Almighty Maker of the world would set His hand again the second time to recover the lost and found;

to clear away the crumbling debris of the past and establish His righteous cause forevermore in the midst of mankind.

On the virgin shores of Columbia, a thousand leagues from the king-burdened dominions of the Old World, with a wall of rolling billows between, the allwise Dispenser of the universe had foreseen the opportunity which favored His vast design.

The decisive stroke, which the finger of long suffering Providence had held for three centuries in abeyance, at last descended.

The whole earth shook with the concussion, the heavens re-echoed the exultant shouts of Patriotism, and the solid globe to its remotest bound, reverberated the loud crash of tumbling Tyranny!

The deed was done.

The problem planned of God, propounded by the American Declaration, had been solved by the weapon of a Washington!

The results are themes of history.

Great Britain lost her colonies, and involved in foreign and domestic turbulence, her star of prestige visibly waned from the proud zenith of national supremacy.

The next blow fell upon France, whose groaning millions, bowed down for ages beneath the accumulated curse of monarchial and ecclesiastical despotism, arose like a blind Samson of wrath, and grappling the pillars of the church and state, with one stupendous effort threw

37° HUDSON BAY TERR J TOR)".

down the gigantic structure of king and priestcraft, and founded the Republic of

Atheism—misnamed Reason—upon the smouldering ruins of the ancient state.

Next, behold the Corsican Bonaparte, the invincible son of destiny, striding through Europe over prostrate potentates and powers, himself the unconscious instrument of Deity, wreaking vengeance upon the wrongs of ages and humbling the pride of the haughty and the great.

Conquering tyrants to be- 'come himself a tyrant, and to fall in turn before the redounding thunderbolt which previously cleft his path to victory and renown.

The cause of Freedom, retarded by the excesses of her too zealous advocates or matricidal offspring, continued to roll forth.

Greece with her Bozarris and Miaulis, Italy with her Mazzinis and Garabaldis, Ireland with her Erametts and O'Connells, Spain with her Liberals and the disaffected factions of

Germany and Hungaria, rushed into the ranks of revolt; while, on our own continent, Mexico and the South American states, each with its patriot champion, threw off the Spanish yoke and established themselves upon the broad principles of Republican government.

All joining hands, as if by preconcerted design, and moving forward in the grand work of demolition and reform—consciously or unconsciously executing the purposes of that Being in whose eternal bosom it is decreed that the poor and meek of the earth shall inherit it, and the pride and haughtiness of man, exalted in corruption and unrighteousness, shall be brought down to whisper from the dust.

Has the past not been a fearful lesson, a warning to the oppressor for all succeeding time?

Will the world learn wisdom from experience and henceforth accord mankind his sacred and inviolable rights?

Or, must the storm, whose hoarse mutterings are heard throughout the earth, burst forth to sweep it with the besom of destruction, that the cries and prayers of the down-trodden shall cease to ascend into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth, whose anger is kindled and whose sword is bathed in heaven, to fall upon the workers of iniquity who forge fetters for the souls of men, and heedless of unnumbered premonitions wade through rivers of crime and corruption to the unhallowed exercise of unrighteous dominion?

Let us hope the sad lesson has been learned;

that man will cease his "inhumanity to man,"that the clouds of the past will be banished by the sunlight of the future, and the glorious Ensign of Liberty now waving from ocean to ocean, ere long will float triumphant over an emancipated world. That the heroic Declaration, which affirmed man's rights of freedom and equality;

the grand old Constitution, which guarantees those rights, together with the Gospel of Salvation, restored for the high purpose of their perpetuation, will be everywhere honored as emanations of Divinity, as the three grand messages from God to modern times, and the media of sanctification through which our world shall eventually ascend to its glorious and eternal destiny among the

Celestial stars Orson F.

Whitney.

HUDSON BAY TERRITORY.

There is in this western world yet another region of vast size, belonging to the British Crown.

It extends from the Labrador Coast on the east to the Pacific on the west—a distance of four thousand miles, and from the cultivable parts of the dominion to the North Pole.

In its unexplored solitudes and among the eternal snows of its mountains, lie the mysterious scources of those vast rivers, such as the Coppermine, the Chesterfield, the Pelby and the Dobaunt.

This dreary tract is called Hudson Bay Territory.

Midway between Hudson Bay and the Pacific ocean are scattered ranges of mountains, but on account of

HUDSON BAY TERRITORY.

the unexplored condition of the country their position, their altitude and even their names are not yet fully determined.

On the north, this trackless waste extends to the frozen seas.

On the southwest of this "barren land"are Athabasca and Great Slave Lakes which are nearly or quite as large as Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.

Great Bear Lake lying northwest of these is still larger.

The hardy adventurers who have reached its distant shores describe them to be of great beauty.

Of all these vast lakes, the northern shores are rocky, abrupt and barren, the southern level and fertile, as though the alluvial deposits of some great flood flowing from the southeast to the northwest for many ages had poured their riches upon them.

The rivers which flow through the region are but little explored.

Several of those falling into Hudson Bay, however, have been traced for more than a thousand miles, but their extreme scources civilized man has not yet reached.

To the north of British Columbia the country is called New Georgia, and still north bounding Alaska on the east it receives the name of New Hanover.

In these northern latitudes the Rocky Mountains are no longer a distinctive range.

Wherever mountains rise to the height of nine or ten thosand feet they are perpetually covered with snow, but the plains and valleys are fertile and dotted with rich woods.

As we proceed northward the climate and productions show the approach to the Pole.

Many hot springs have been found among these rocky hills.

Eastward from Alaska and skirting the northern coast are numerous large sandy islands;

but snow and coarse grass are their only covering.

Beyond them is the bound of human enterprise.

North and northwest from the great inland sea of Hudson Bay lies a region known only to the savages and a few fur traders of the north.

It is mostly embraced in the district of Kewaydin;

and is emphatically the land of desolation.

Here eternal solitude would reign, were it not for the myriads of water-fowl that line the shores.

This may be considered the summer resort of the dark grey or Canadian wild goose; and here they may be found in countless numbers.

In some places there are lofty mountains of shattered rock, whose northern sides are ever covered with ice;

and deep gorges where accumulated snows have lain for ages.

In many places there are symptoms of recent volcanic action and on the Coppermine river great seams of coal, iron and copper are exposed to view.

On the coasts of the bay the winter is awful in its severity, and for six months all nature is imprisoned in ice and snow.

The thermometer in January often sinks to fifty degrees below zero, the rivers and lakes are frozen to the bottom, and even in the rooms inhabited by the traders, spirits and quicksilver have been known to freeze into a solid mass.

When the withering north wind blows it is almost beyond the power of man to endure it.

The particles of ice borne on its frozen breath are driven like poisoned arrows into the flesh and cover the face and hands with sores which are often difficult to heal.

Notwithstanding their warm fur clothing and careful habits, Europeans are often frost bitten and natives who emerge from their huts of snow frequently perish.

On the coasts, often for many days the sun is hidden by dense masses of vapor rising from the sea and condensed by the cold.

In the severest times, mock suns and moons throw their ghastly glare over the white waste; and from the inaccessible regions of the Pole, livid flashes illumine the dark skies with the sinister and mysterious light of the Aurora Borealis.

Rocks are frequently rent by the power of the frost, and, with a crash like the roar of artillery, burst into fragments, and are scattered to great distances around.

But when the continuous light of an arctic summer arrives the scene is rapidly transformed.

Torrents more wild than Utah's mountain streams rush down the hills;

for there are no evening shades to check the melting process.

True, the sun sinks a little lower as he swings

HUDSON BAY TERRITORY.

around to the north, but at midnight he is there, shining with his red glare on the northern sides of those arctic hills.

At ten or eleven p. m., the little birds yet perched upon the twigs of the dwarfish trees and putting their heads under their wings seem desirous of a few moments of repose.

At one o'clock, a. m., the sun has already climbed considerably higher, the sober hues of evening have changed to the rosy light of morning—they have imperceptibly glided into another day.

For the three months of summer a tropical heat opens this dreary wilderness to the fearless and hardy Canadian traders and sailors; but storms and currents of terrible violence are to be braved before reaching those shores.

Borne by the tides and winds huge icebergs glide among these perilous seas sometimes crashing the largest ships like nut shells.

In one month of the year—May, 1872—twenty-five vessels were lost in Melville Bay.

Three distinct races inhabit this dismal country.

They are expert in the chase, and gifted with wonderful endurance.

Their manners are mild and kind, and they are faithful'when any trust is reposed in them; but when the accursed fire-water is within their reach, no tiger is more fierce and blood-thirsty.

The races sink lower as they spread towards the north and east.

There they hunt with the bow and arrow, and fish with nets made from the sinews of wild beasts.

Many eat their food raw or broil it on the coals, or seethe it in vessels made of birch bark, filled with water, heated by hot stones.

They are filthy and disgusting in their habits and it is said are diminishing in numbers.

These Indians leave their dead to be devoured by wild beasts.

When old age comes on, and they are helpless, their fate is to lie down and perish;

neither child nor friend will minister to their wants.

The Esquimaux dwell farther north inhabiting especially the peninsulas and islands whither they seem to have been driven by more powerful tribes.

The Esquimaux are of a low and unsightly figure, their weapons clumsy and inefficient, but much ingenuity is displayed in some of their attempts at ornament.

Various tribes of these Esquimaux are scattered through this vast northern region, and along the shores of the Polar Sea.

The moose, the reindeer, the bear and the silver fox are the principal land animals whales and seals frequent the neighboring waters in great numbers.

The first European that reached these shores was Henry Hudson, who was sent out in to seek a passage to India around the northern part of the western continent.

His crew mutinied and left him, his son, and some others to perish on the desolate shores.

In a royal charter was granted to the Hudson Bay Company to trade and barter with the natives.

The few settlements are at the mouths of rivers and are well fortified.

The largest are fort Churchill, York, Albany and Moose.

Imagine an extent of country many hundred miles broad and four thousand miles in length covered with forests, swamps, lakes, rivers and mountains—all in a state of primeval antiquity—undefaced by the axe of civilized man, and untenanted save by a few roving bands of Indians and myriads of wild animals; imagine amid this wilderness a number of small squares, each enclosing half a dozen wooden houses, and about a dozen men, and between each of these establishments a space of forest from two to three hundred miles in extent and you will have some idea of the Hudson Bay Company's forts and the distance between the posts.

As in most instances these posts are planted in a wilderness far from men, and the inhabitants have only the society of each other, some idea may be formed of their solitary life.

There are seven different grades in the service:

first the laborer, ready to become trapper, fisherman or carpenter at the shortest notice.

Next in rank is the interpreter, a promoted laborer who having acquired a smattering of Indian is very useful in trading.

The third in rank (counting upwards) is the master of the post, also a laborer, promoted

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

for valuable services.

Next come the apprentice, clerks fresh from school, with their mouths wide open at the wonders of Hudson Bay.

They generally for the purpose of appearing manly, acquire all the bad habits of the country as soon as possible.

After a service of five years they acquire the rank of clerks; and these in turn after a service of fourteen years acquire the position of trader or half shareholder.

The highest rank is that of chief factor or full shareholder.

Trade is carried on by means of a wooden currency called Castors, each having a nominal value of fifty cents.

When an Indian arrives at a post with his furs the trader at once examines them and marks the value of each, while the Indian looks on with interest and anxiety.

At length when the furs are all examined the trader adds up the amount, and hands over to the Indian sixty or one hundred little bits of wood by which he may know as he makes his purchases, how fast his funds decrease.

The Indian then looks around upon the bales of cloth, powder-horns, guns, blankets, knives, etc., with which the shop is filled, and after a good while makes up his mind to have a blanket.

The trader tells him that the price is six Castors, and the purchaser hands back six of his little bits of wood, and selects something else.

In this way he goes on till all his wooden cash is expended, and then packing up his goods, departs to show his treasures to his wife, and another Indian takes his place.

The natives generally visit the establishments of the company twice a year;

once in October, when they bring in the produce of their autumn hunts;

and again in March, when they bring in that of the great winter hunt.

The number of Castors that an Indian makes in a winter hunt varies from fifty to two hundred.

An Indian named Pia-quatakascum once brought in furs to the amount of two hundred and sixty Castors; but was afterwards poisoned by relatives who were jealous of his abilities.

In the spring the furs are collected and forwarded to the chief forts upon the coast.

In summer the rivers are enlivened with fleets of boats carrying furs to the coast and merchandise to the interior.

The land that has slumbered in the embrace of ice and snow is now once more awakened by the merry voice and tuneful song of the hardy voyageur.

J. H. Ward.

I should wish to be rather than to seem.

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

The man who is enabled to build himself a home ought to be in this regard a happy man, but it does not always happen that he is such.

If he fail to avail himself of his opportunities, and finds it out, the sense of the "might have been"will be very depressing.

He is in far more unhappy condition than one who takes up his abode in a house all ready to his hand, and who contents himself, of necessity, with things as he finds them.

Therefore, let us think a little before we build, and, as far as possible, govern circumstances rather than submit to them.

We have great privileges.

Let us not allow them to slip away.

In the following hints upon building "common houses"it will be our aim in all cases to furnish such helps as may secure health and happiness as well as beauty in the construction of a home, and an economical use of materials as well as money and labor.

In building a home many things should be considered thoroughly, as a mistake made will be an expensive thing to remedy.

The first, and we might sayone of the principal points to be considered in building a home is the site.

The peculiarities of the site of a house determine many important features in advance, and as we are free to choose, let us try to insure as many natural ad-

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

vantages as possible.

That low, level ground is objectionable for drainage is apparent; yet this seems a favorite spot for building, and people wonder why the country is so unhealthy.

In order to find a safe location, good drainage must be secured.

The centre of a knoll from which water may run in every direction from the house, if possible to obtain, would be preferable.

But if this cannot be, a side hill affords good drainage one way at least.

On the whole no site has so many advantages as a side hill, because in the matter of drainage nature gives us for nothing what on a level we must buy at more or less cost—a dry cellar; and at the outset we say that a house without a cellar, and a dry one, is at best a barrack, certain sooner or later to become unhealthful.

There are a few simple precautions to be taken in building a cellar on a side hill which must render it dry for all time.

The first of these is to dig a trench some ten or fifteen feet above the house, and deep enough to be below the cellar bottom.

The trench should be about three feet wide, and run obliquely down the hill till its lower end is clear of the upper corner of the house, on that side, while its upper end must extend in the opposite direction far enough to insure it clear of the upper corner of the house on that side.

It should then be filled with cobble or broken stone, the larger ones at the bottom, constituting a drain to carry off the water which would otherwise collect in the cellar.

The next precaution is to grade the cellar down to one corner,and build the wall on dry footing courses that is, to allow the larger stones on which the wall is built to act also as a drain.

When the wall is built and well plastered with cement on the outside, the trench outside the wall should be filled with broken stone instead of earth, to prevent any water ever reaching the wall.

The cellar bottom should then be covered with broken or cobble stones, about six inches deep;

a few layers of large and small gravel may be laid on and well packed.

By these means very little water ever reaches the excavation made for the cellar, and what water does find its way there cannot remain;

no matter at what point it arrives it finds a ready conduit outside or inside, and must pass away.

Side hills, in addition to the facilities offered for draining, possess other advantages for building;

for when the slope is sufficient, one side of the cellar can be above ground, thus furnishing sufficient light and ventilation.

And let it be remarked right here, that no cellar should be made without providing means of lighting and ventilating from the outside.

We have given what we consider the best site for a home, but we cannot always secure a side hill location; we must be careful as to what other kind of ground we select to build on.

Care should be taken in all matters, no difference as to what the location may be, to secure a complete drainage, as this is one of the most important things to be considered.

The cobble drain just described can be used to advantage on level ground, providing the drain is put deep enough to insure a sufficient fall to carry off all the water.

One thing should always be observed: that foundations should never rest on made ground, as this takes years to settle, and, in fact, may never be considered as firm as the original strata.

On side hills we are often obliged to excavate considerably into the bank, bringing the earth forward in order to make a level plateau on which to place the house, one half resting on the main bank and the other on the new ground.

Here the temptation is great to rest the walls on the new grade.

A serious difficulty in grades of this description is, that the new earth, resting upon the bank, which is necessarily on an incline, is apt to shift, when the shifting bank is liable to carry the foundation with it.

The next step, after the site is selected, is to provide proper plans or working drawings.

There is no doubt that every one who intends building has some general idea of what he wants, and frequently sketches out an arrangement of the various floors which he fancies "is

ARCHITECTURE OF- COMMON HOUSES.

just the thing."There is generally considerable difficulty in selecting a plan that shall be quite or nearly all we desire in a dwelling-house, without going beyond our means.

We know what is beautiful and convenient, but we continue to find ourselves hampered in the most provoking way by want of funds necessary to carry out our ideas.

In this case we must commence with the bare necessities subserved by a house.

The first is shelter.

This requires but one room, a very simple arrangement, and one frequently resorted to.

Passing this point, we add closets, bed rooms, a bathing room, and then a dining room, and last of all a parlor.

We should keep this order in mind in the development of our plan.

A house is, first of all, a physical necessity, and becomes a matter of elegance and luxury, step by step, as our means will afford.

Let your house be a growth of that which is essential and fundamental.

Seek to secure an arrangement by which the greatest amount of "housework"can be done with the fewest steps, and with the least exposure of whatever is inelegant or offensive; for however refined we may be, there is still a great deal that is of this earth, earthly, and which must not be allowed to give offense when privacy will prevent.

These things carefully carried out and a little propriety in coloring and ornamentation being observed, the whole will have that kind of beauty which answers to the best definition, namely, "beauty is the perfect adaptation of form and color to use."There must be harmony between your plan and your building site; there must be attention given not only to appearances, but more especially to the direction of the winds and ranges of bleak winds, that your house may always afford a complete shelter from them and the scorching heat of the midsummer sun.

If the building site has been selected, it may be difficult to meet these conditions in the plan, or if the plan has been adopted, it may be almost impossible to find a suitable site in the desired neighborhood, and a final decision may be a compromise.

But however this may be, have a well-defined plan, and follow it.

Before proceeding further as to what the plan shall be for a house, we would remark that one of the best advisers in regard to the planning of a house is a man's wife—the woman who is to be the mistress of the establishment.

She is the one who will make the greatest use of the closets, the stairs, the rooms, the cellar, the kitchen, the entries and the pantries; and she it is who should have the most to say in their arrangement.

It a mistake is made in regard to these things, the wife will be the greatest sufferer.

Give her a chance, then, to prevent mistakes.

Her knowledge of what is needed in house building to make house-keeping perfect will be a great advantage in drawing out the plan.

It is not our intention to adopt any one plan as that for a common home, as circumstances must govern this matter as to the size and cost of the house.

There is no reason why there should be so many badly built houses.

It seldom costs more to put up a well arranged house than one which is unhealthful and inconvenient.

Why, for instance, should we not have good high rooms at the top of the house? A few more rows of brick, or a little more framework, windows a little higher, and a trifle more plastering, and we have rooms instead of cubby holes.

Nothing to us seems to indicate more plainly a badly planned house than little hot rooms, with low ceilings and contracted windows at the top of the house. The comparatively small amount of money necessary to make these rooms of a reasonable height, fit for occupation of decent human beings, would be as profitably invested as that expended upon any other portion of the house.

But it is not generally the want of money that prompts the building of these low uncomfortable rooms—it is the want of judgment.

In building a home, there is nothing which calls forth the skill of the designer more than that necessary adaptation of every part of the plan to the wants of the family to be accommodated, and in this we include all those little details and conveniences, which go to make up a

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

really comfortable home.

A judicious distribution of rooms, with easy access to each, is the essential required in a plan.

There is also a peremptory necessity for an arrangement by which the kitchen, dining room and pantries shall be within easy reach, for there is nothing more repugnant to domestic comfort than a mal-arrangement of these features of a plan.

As to the bed rooms, the first object should be ventilation, and the next an appropriate space for a bedstead, matters too often neglected.

Many times have we seen bed rooms, where the bedstead was of necessity placed across, or half across, a window.

This is an unpardonable fault in a design, and should be carefully avoided.

The kitchen should be one of the best planned rooms of all, for here the greater part of the work of housekeeping is performed, and care should be taken in its arrangement.

The pantries for dishes, pots, etc., should be at a convenient part of the room, and should, if possible, be supplied with good ventilation; the steps to the cellar should be so placed, that they would connect directly with the kitchen.

Space should be left on the side walls for at least one table, and a sink, and let it be here remarked that nothing pleases a house wife so much as a good sized sink, arranged with pipes to carry off all waste water, and when possible pipes to bring the fresh water in.

One of the most convenient arrangements known to save time, and trouble, is a slide placed in the partition between the kitchen and the dining room.

This can be made with drawers working both ways, and doors so hung as to open from either side.

The dining room should be some what longer than wide, that the dining table may be so placed that there will be a sufficiency of room on all sides.

Doors leading to the living rooms, and to the kitchen should be placed where they will be the most handy.

No rules can be laid down in regard to the arrangement of parlors and sitting rooms, as they can usually be arranged in any manner.

The stair case being the great means of access, is of course a matter of the first consideration, as to capacity and convenience.

It must be wide enough and should be so placed, as to connect with the respective floors, in such a manner as to give as little trouble as possible in reaching all the rooms it leads to. The angle of the ascent for a stair depends upon the total height to be gained between the floors, and the space that can be afforded in the plan.

It must be remembered that the wider the step the less the rise should be, as steps which are both wide and high require a great exertion to climb.

The most convenient steps, and those most generally used have a tread of eleven inches, and rise of six inches.

Flights should, when possible, consist of not more than twelve or thirteen steps, after which there should be a short landing, so that weak people may have a rest at short intervals.

It is the duty of those who have the plan in charge to be careful to manage the design in all its parts so as to fit into, and harmonize with the lives to be spent under its roof.

We will now arrange the rooms in regard to exposure.

For example, the parlor or living room—that most occupied by the family—should be placed toward the south, being the most cheerful, which, while being sheltered from the bleak winds of winter, receives, also, the prevailing summer breezes.

The dining room may properly be situated at the western side, giving a view of the sunset at the evening meal.

North of this should be the kitchen, the least desirable exposure.

If the porches are limited the most valuable position would be on the east side of the house, on account of the shade the greater part of the day.

And this is not all that is to be taken into consideration in a well studied plan.

It is essential that the rooms most frequented should command fine views.

Great care should be used in adapting a room to the furniture needed and to be used.

In preparing the plan, the persons interested should, as it were, live in it in imagination before it is completed. We should consider for what the room is intended, its proximity to

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOISES.

other apartments, and passages, the lights, the swing of doors, and in fact it might not be too much to require that every piece of furniture should be included in the plan.

Often doors cannot be opened without interfering with passages, or encountering some obstruction.

The position and sizes of windows and doors are not merely important as matters of convenience, but have a strong effect upon the apparent size of rooms.

A fireplace with a window at one or both sides, must always be a less comfortable fireside than if the windows are on the other sides of the room.

This would apply also to doors in the same relative position, but the objection is not so easily met.

If the chimney is on an inner wall, the windows will never have to be considered in connection with the fireplace;

but it becomes more difficult and often impossible to avoid placing a door at one side of the fireplace unless the connection between the rooms is dispensed with.

Doors and windows should be of such a size that they will harmonize with both the outside and inside appearance.

Doors to bedrooms, and in fact we might say all doors, should be provided with transoms;

they are themselves a great ornament, and as ventilators they have no equals.

In the arrangement of chimneys in houses the proper care is not always exercised in placing them and in their construction.

One chimney stack can be made for several flues, and this will be a great saving when several flues are needed. Too often chimneys are placed without any regard to other parts of the room, and this causes valuable waste of space which otherwise might be used for large pieces of furniture were the subject of chimneys considered more fully.

The two points most to be considered in the construction of chimneys are:

first, a good draught; and, second, security against fire. The greatest difficulty with which we have to contend in obtaining a draught is that of friction.

The flue should be made as smooth as possible and of uniform size; and, as smoke ascends spirally, if it could be built round, like a stovepipe, a considerable advantage would be gained.

A bend or turn also serves to create friction and thereby injures the draught.

In regard to danger from lire, it is essential that wood work should be kept at a safe distance from the flue.

It is usually the custom to have but four inches of brick work, and allow the timber to be placed directly against it.

This, especially when flues are over heated, is a very unsafe method.

On the front or ends of a fireplace, where it is free from the wood work, this is not objectionable;

but on the back, against which the studding is likely to be placed, not less than eight inches of brick should be considered safe.

The great mistake is making the chimney openings too small in framing so that the wood work comes directly against the masonry.

When there are but four inches of brick, the beams should be placed at least three inches distant, and if but one inch has been left, it is well to fill the space with some non-conductor of heat.

Keep the chimney stack inside the house;

the flues will always act as ventilators in all seasons, and in winter you have the benefit from the warm stack that would be wasted on the outer air if the chimney were built in an external wall.

In wooden buildings interior chimney stacks greatly strengthen the construction, while outside chimneys weaken it by interrupting the continuous lines of sill, girt and wall plate.

Let it be here remarked never to allow two flues to unite and become one.

Every flue should be distinct in itself;

if the flues of two fireplaces communicate and only one fire be lighted, it will draw air from the other fire place and smoke;

moreover, its own smoke may enter any other room the fireplace of which is connected with the same flue.

The air heated by the fire is rarified, rendered lighter and ascends the flue, drawing the smoke with it, while cold air rushes in its place from below.

Hence the throat or lower opening of the flue should be small, so that no air may pass through it without first being thoroughly warmed.

The flue should not be larger

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

than is necessary for conveying the smoke and heated air;

if it be large it will smoke in certain winds. The smaller the Hue and the greater the height the more rapid the draught and the less likely the chimney to smoke.

The flue should change its direction by gradual curve, and certainly no sharp angle, otherwise soot accumulates and makes it smoke.

Now that the plan has been fully decided upon, the question arises as to what the elevation will be.

The usual style of building houses has been to make the outside as plain as possible, but there is no reason why we should not have an exterior elevation pleasing to the eye.

In most houses plain bare walls is the rule, but how much better it would be to add a porch or a bay window, when neither are very expensive.

A house without a porch is like a man without an eyebrow.

It gives expression, and gives expression when you most want it;

it is an interpreter of character;

it harmonizes bold walls, and windows;

it emphasizes architectural tone;

it gives hint of hospitality.

King David, when he gave out to his son Solomon the designs for the building of the temple, included among the very first of them (i Chron., xxviii, 2) the "pattern for a porch."There are hundreds of naked, vulgar looking dwellings, scattered up and down our country high roads, which only need a little deft and adroit adaptation of this hospitable feature, to assume an air of modest grace.

This 'subject of exterior elevations is one which we will dwell on at length in the future.

Many things are yet to be considered in the building of a house, and in our next we will treat upon the subject of ventilation, heating, protection from fire, and how to furnish a house.

W. S. Hedges.

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

IN FOUR ACTS.

ACT II.

Scene I.—Council room in the Castle of

Inverary.

Discovered:

Marquis of Argvle seated, Sir Duncan Campbell standing;

Neal and three Highlanders without bonnets conversing.

Argvle.

From your report, Sir Duncan, I gather that we shall soon have an opportunity to chastise these English malignants.

Duncan.

There are hopes that way, my lord, although they may repent their rash and suicidal attempt ere they reach our clutches.

Argvle.

Did you not say that Montrose had the impudence to send an envoy?

Duncan.

I did, my lord, and he waits without.

Argvle.

See who, or what he is, Neal.

Enter "Dalgettv.

Dalgettv.

I will save the honorable gentleman the labor of investigation.

I am Dugald Dalgettv of Drumthwacket, who has served under the invincible Gustavus Adolphus, and am now major of I know not what regiment of Irishes.

Argvle.

And your business, sir, your business?

Dalgetty.

I am come with a flag 01 truce from a high and powerful lord, James, Earl of Montrose, and other noble persons now in arms for his majesty.

And so, God save King Charles.

Argvle.

Do you know where you are, and the danger of dallying answers with us, sir.

The Earl of Montrose is with the English malignants, and I suspect you are some Irish runagate.

Dalgettv.

My lord, I am no renegade, for which I might refer your lordship to the aforesaid Gustavus Adolphus, to Oxenstern, and other great captains, both dead and living, and touching the most noble Earl of Montrose, I pray your lordship to peruse these, my full

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

powers for treating with yon.

{Presents papers.

Argyle.

( Tossing the papers slightly on table.) Gentlemen, what does he deserve, who comes to us an avowed envoy and agent of malignants in arms against the state.

A Highlander.

A gallows high as Haman.

DUNCAN.

Nay, my lord, I have pledged my honor for this person's safety.

Dalgetty.

That has he.

Albeit a dead fly maketh the ointment to smell aloud.

J would pray your lordship to be cautious how you adopt such measures.

Argyle.

You are not come here to lecture us on the law of arms, sir, but to suffer the penalty of your insolence and folly in bringing a traitorous message to the Lord Justice General of Scotland, whose duty calls upon him to punish such an offence with death.

Dalgettv.

Gentlemen, I pray you to remember that the Earl of Montrose will hold you and yours liable for my person, and that he will execute retributive vengeance on you.

Argyle.

{Snapping his fingers.) We scorn your threats, sir.

Duncan.

My lord, our name must not receive discredit through the means of such a fellow as this.

Argyle.

Is it possible that you have been a party to this traitorous errand?

Duncan.

Only inasmuch as I guaranteed his safety.

Argyll.

Sir Duncan, we will make good your pledge.

But it is not our custom to receive malignants at our board (aside), and, by heaven, we will see into this case—and now, Sir Duncan, be pleased to see to the arrangement of our forces.

{Exit Duncan.

Argyle.

( Watching Duncan off—

angrily.) Remove the prisoner to a place of security.

Dalgettv.

Prisoner!

( Two Highlanders attempt to arrest him but he almost frees himself, and steps towards

Argyle, who steps back frightened, and lays hand on szvord; other Highlanders fling themselves to protect him and Dalgettv is dragged off.

[Exeunt.

Scene II. A dungeon.

Discover Ranald McEagh on pallet, in chains.

Enter DALGETTV who is thrust in ivith a clash, and is groping his way when he falls headlong over RANALD, who utters an exclamation.

Dalgettv.

Who in the devil was that I fell over?

Ranald.

He was a man a month since.

Dalgetty.

And what is he now, then, that he lies here rolled up like a hedgehog, that honorable cavaliers, who chance to be in trouble, may break their noses over him.

Ranald.

What is he now?

He is a wretched trunk, from which the boughs have been lopped away, one by one, and which cares little how soon it is torn up and hewed into billets for the furnace.

Dalgetty.

Friend, I am sorry for you.

If you had not laid so like a log, I had saved my hands and knees somewhat.

(Rubbing skins.) Ranald.

You are a soldier, and should not complain on account of a fall which a boy would not bemoan.

Dalgettv.

A soldier!

And how do you know, in this cursed dark cavern, that I am a soldier.

Ranald.

I heard your armor clash as you fell, and now I see it glimmer.

When you have remained as long as

I in this darkness, your eyes will distinguish the smallest insect that crawls along the iloor.

Dalgetty.

I had rather the devil picked my eyes out.

But what sort of provision do you get here?

Ranald.

Bread and water, once a day.

Dalgettv.

1'ri'thee, friend, let me taste your loaf.

I hope we shall play good comrades while we dwell together in this abominable pit.

Ranald.

The loaf and jar of water are there, two steps to your right hand.

Take them and welcome.

With earthly food I am well nigh done.

Dalgetty.

(Eating.) This bread is not very savory;

nevertheless I have fared worse in my time (drinks); and

38o LEGEND 01'MONTROSE.

touching this water, which is none of the most sweet, I drink in the same to your speedy deliverance.

Mine honest friend, you and I being comrades at bed and board, should be better acquainted.

I am Dugald Dalgetty of Drumthwacket, and so forth—pray, what may your name be?

Ranald.

It will avail you little to know.

Dalgetty.

Let me judge of that matter.

Ranald.

Well, then, Ranald McEagh is my name—that is, "Ranald of the Mist."Dalgetty.

Ranald of the Mist!

Ranald of utter darkness, say I..

But Ranald, what the deuce brought you here?

Ranald.

My misfortune and my crimes. Know ye Sir Duncan Campbell?

Dalgetty.

I do know that honorable gentleman, yes.

Ranald.

But know ye where he now is?

Dalgetty.

He is in this very castle of Inverary.

Ranald.

Then let him know, one claims his intercession who is his worst foe and his best friend.

Dalgetty.

Truly, Sir Duncan is not one who plays at reading riddles.

I should desire a plainer message.

Ranald.

Craven Saxon, tell him I am the raven that, fifteen years ago, swooped on his tower of strength and destroyed his offspring.

I am the leader of the band that surprised his castle and gave his four children to the sword.

Dalgetty. Truly, mine honest friend, if that is your best recommendation to

Sir Duncan's favor, I would forego my pleadings thereupon.

What was the reason, my friend, the cause of this war?

Deliver me that, Ranald.

Ranald. We had been pushed at by the McAulays and other tribes until our possessions became unsafe for us.

Dalgetty.

O ho! I have faint remembrance of having heard of that matter.

Ranald.

We were attacked by Sir Duncan, and my brother was slain—his head was withering on the battlements of his castle—I vowed revenge, and it is a vow that I have never broken.

Dalgetty.

It may be so.

Every thoroughbred soldier will confess that revenge is a sweet morsel.

But in what manner this story will interest Sir Duncan to your release, surpasses my comprehension.

Were I you, Ranald, would keep my own secret.

Ranald.

Yet hearken, stranger.

Sir Duncan had four children.

Three died under our dirks, but the fourth survives.

One word, if I wished to speak it, would turn his day of humiliation and fasting into one of thanksgiving and rejoicing.

O, I know it by my own heart.

Dearer to me is my grandson, Kenneth, who chaseth the butterfly on the banks of the Avon, than ten sons who are moldering in earth, or are preyed on by the fowls of the air.

(Lies down.) Dalgetty.

I presume, Ranald, that the three pretty fellows that I saw strung up in the market place, near by, claim some interest in you.

Ranald.

{Rising zvith emotion.) They were my sons, stranger, they were my sons—blood of my blood—bone of my bone—fleet of foot—unerring in aim, unvanquished by foemen till overcome by numbers.

And why do I wish to survive them?

{Enter Argyle by secret entrance unobserved.

He has under his cloak a small basket containing bottle and provisions, and has dark lantern.) That Kenneth may be trained to revenge.

I will purchase for his sake my life and freedom by discovering my sercet to Sir Duncan.

Argyle.

You may attain your end more easily by entrusting it to me.

Ranald.

{Starting bolt upright with his back against the wall.) The enemy of mankind is among us.

Dalgetty.

{Dropping on his knees.

I In nomini domini—santissima madre—alle guten geister loben den Herren.

Argyle.

A truce to your fears.

Though I come strangely among you, I am mortal like yourselves, and 1 may assist you in your present straight, if you are not too proud to be counseled.

( Throws light of dark lantern on Dalgetty and Ranald.)

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

38i Dalgetty.

(Xising:) Well, stranger what I want to know is how did you get in here?

We should have heard the creak of that rusty door if you had so entered, and if you passed through the keyhole, truly, sir, put what face you will on it, you are scarcely a living man.

Argyle.

I reserve my secret until you give me some of yours.

It may be I shall let you out where myself came in.

Dalgettv.

It cannot be through the keyhole, there, for if my headpiece could get through, my corslet would stick in the passage.

But what secrets do you desire to know.

Argyle.

It is not with you I have first to deal.

(Soothingly to Ranald who is still drawn up close to the dungeon walls.) I have brought you something, my friend, to mend your fare.

If you are to die to-morrow, it is no reason wherefore you should not live to-night.

1 I'npaclcs provisions.) Dalgetty.

None at all—no reason in creation.

[Secures a joint with his left hand and a flask in his right.) Here is to thee, my friend.

(Drinks.) What is thy name, my good friend.

Argyle.

Murdoch Campbell, sir, a lacky of the Marquis of Argyle, and occasionally acting as under warden.

Dalgettv.

Then here is to thee once more, honest Murdoch.

(Drinks.) But I see you would converse with my friend Ranald of the Mist, as he terms himself.

Never mind me;

I'll get me in this corner with my basket, and

I'll warrant my jaws make noise enough to prevent my ears from hearing you.

(Retires to one side, where he seats himself, and while pretending to be busily eating, pays strict attention to all that passes.)

Argyle.

Are you aware, son of the Mist, that you will never leave this place excepting for the gibbet?

Ranald.

Those who were dearest to me have trod that path before me.

Argyll.

Then you would do nothing to avert your doom?

Ranald.

I would do much, not for my own life, but to fulfil my pledge of vengeance.

Argyle.

I care not for your cause.

What will you do for your liberty?

Ranald.

Anything but call myself the friend to your tribe.

Argyle.

What I demand to know from you, in exchange for your liberty, is, where the daughter and heiress of Sir Duncan Campbell is to be found.

Ranald.

On whose behalf do you want to know this?

Argyll.

On that of my master, the Marquis of Argyle.

Ranald.

And my reward is to be life and liberty?

Argyle.

Such is our agreement.

Ranald.

Then know, that the child whom I saved was bred as an adopted daughter of our tribe, until we were worsted by the fiend incarnate and mortal enemy of our tribe, Allan McAulay of the Bloody Hand, and by Lord

Mentieth.

Argyll.

Fell she into the power of Allan, and she a reputed daughter of your tribe?

Then her blood has gilded his dirk and your life is not saved.

Ranald.

If my life rests on hers, it is secure, for she still survives, but (with scorn) it has a more frail reliance—the promise of a Campbell.

Argyll.

That promise shall not fail you.

Where is she to be found?

Ranald.

In the castle of the McAulays at Darnlinvarach, under the name of Annot Lyle.

It is not long since that, by stealth, mine old eyes beheld her.

Argyll.

You!

you a chief among the Children of the Mist, venture so near your mortal foe?

Old man, you trifle with me.

Ranald.

That do I not I did more.

I was in the hall of the castle, disguised as a harper from the wild shores of Skianach.

My purpose was to have plunged my dirk in the body of Allan McAulay, before whom our race trembles, and the vision of whose vengeance pursues me day and night.

But I saw Annot Lyle, even when my hand was on the hilt of my dagger.

She touched her harp to a song of the Children of the Mist which she had learned when her dwelling was amongst us.

My

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

hand forsook the dagger, and the hour of revenge passed away—and now, son of a Campbell, have 1 paid the ransom of my head?

ARGYLE.

Ay;

if your tale be true;

but what proof can you assign for it?

Ranald.

Bear witness, heaven and earth, he already looks how he may break his word Argyle.

I must speak with your companion in captivity.

Ranald.

Fair and false—ever fair and ever false.

( Throws himself in despair on dungeon floor.)

Dalgetty.

{Aside.) Now what the devil can this sly fellow have to say to me?

I have no child to tell him about at least, none that I know of.

But let him come on—he will get good manceuvering here.

Argyle.

You are a citizen of the world, Captain Dalgetty. You know the proverb, gif-gaf:

"If you'll serve me, I'll serve you."Dalgetty.

I should know something of it, yes.

Argyle.

Then you will understand me when I tell you that your freedom depends on your true and upright answer to a few trifling questions.

Dalgetty.

Just to satisfy your curiosity and without any further purpose?

Argyle.

None in the world.

What interest would a poor devil like me take in your operations?

Dalgetty.

Make your questions, then, and I will answer them peremptory.

Argyle.

How many Irish are on the march to join Montrose?

Dalgetty.

Probably ten thousand.

Argyle.

Ten thousand!

We know ourselves that scarce two thousand landed.

Dalgetty.

Then you know more about it than I do;

for I never had the slightest idea.

But to speak candidly, Mr. Murdoch, is it reasonable for you to expect me to tell you the secrets of our army?

If I do, what becomes of my pay and my booty?

Argyle.

I tell you, if you be stubborn, your campaign shall end at the gibbet at the castle gate;

but if you answer faithfully, I will receive you into my—a—into Argyle's service.

Dalgetty.

( Who has started at slip in Argyle's speech.) Does the service afford good pay?

Argyle.

He will double yours with Montrose.

Dalc;etty.

I wish I had seen you, sir, before taking on with him.

And the Marquis, is he a kind master?

Argyll.

Never man kinder.

Dalgetty.

And bountiful to his officers?

Argyle.

The most open hand in Scotland.

Dalgetty.

True and faithful to his engagements?

Argyle.

As honorable a nobleman as breathes.

Dalgetty.

I never heard so much good of him before—you must know the

Marquis well—or rather, you must be the Marquis himself.

{Throws himself suddenly on Argyle, knocking him down and grasping his throat) Lord of Argyle, I arrest you in the name of King

Charles as a traitor.

If you venture to call for assistance, I will break your neck.

It is now my turn to lay down terms.

Show me the private way by which you entered this dungeon, and I will spare your life.

If not, I will first strangle you and then seek out a mode of retreat.

Argyle.

Y'illain, you would not murder me for my kindness.

Dalgetty.

Not for your kindness, my lord; but to teach you how to treat cavaliers who come to you under safe conduct.

Argyle.

Spare my life, and I will do as you require.

Dalgetty.

Where is the secret door into the dungeon?

Argyll.

Hold the lantern to yonder corner, you will see the plate that covers the spring.

Dalgetty.

{Turning the bulls-eye full on plate) So far, so good.

Where does the passage lead to?

Argyle.

To my private apartment, behind the tapestry.

Dalgetty.

From thence how shall I reach the gate?

THE NATIONAL POLITICAL STRUGGLE.

Arc.vi.e.

Through the grand guard room.

Dalgbtty.

All crowded with soldiers, eh?

That will never do, my lord.

Vet you can grant me a passport.

Are there writing materials in your apartments?

Argyle.

Surely, and passports ready to be signed.

I will attend you there instantly.

DALGETTY.

It were too much honor for the like of me.

I will trust you while my lingers are at your throat.

( )r I will put you under charge of my friend

Ranald.

Honest Ranald, you see how matters stand with us.

shall find means, no doubt, to set you at freedom, too.

Meantime, do as you see me do;

clap your hand on the weasand of this high and mighty prince, and if he offer to cry out, fail not, my worthy Ranald, to squeeze with right good will. [Ranald takes his place on Marquis.) Ranald.

If he offer at speech or struggle, he dies by my hand.

Dalgetty.

That is perfectly right, Ranald.

{Takes lantern to find secret door, then places it to throw glare on Argxle and Ranald.) \_E.vit.

Argyle.

McEagh, I will give thee freedom, lands and wealth, all you can ask, if you will release me for one minute.

Ranald.

Not for a forest of deer not for a thousand head of cattle, nor for all the lands that ever called thee master, will I break the pledge I have plighted to him of the iron garment.

Re-enter Dalgetty with writing materials, a bundle of papers, a bag of gold, pistols, dagger, cord and keys, which he piles on thefloor.

Dalgetty.

He of the iron garment is bounden unto you, and this noble lord shall be bounden also; but first he must fill up this passport for us both.

(Marquis writes by light of lantern.) And now, Ranald, lend me thy plaid.

{Muffles the head of the Marquis, who attempts a struggle.) Hold down your hands, or, by heaven, will stab you to the heart with your own dagger.

(Strips the Marquis of his cloak, and binds him ivith cord.) Now, friend Ranald, this key will undo thy fetters;

it hung there within the door.

(Ranald removes the chains.

Dalgetty examines papers.) These, my lord, are your most private papers; they will be of use to my Lord of Montrose;

and this {chinking the gold) will be of use to Major Dugald Dalgetty.

Ranald, put on that livery cloak, and follow at my heels.

My Lord of Argyle, if you are not smothered, farewell.

END OF ACT II.

Too light winning makes the prize lieht.

THE NATIONAL POLITICAL STRUGGLE.

The republican convention which was held in Chicago on the 3d of June last, and for three days thereafter, nominated

James G. Blaine, of Maine, for president, and John A. Logan, of Illinois, for vice president.

The democratic convention was held in the same place commencing on the Sth of July and continuing for four days;

the result of its proceedings, so far as candidates are concerned, being the selection of Grover Cleveland, of New York, as the choice for president, and Thomas A.

Hendricks, of Indiana, for vice president.

Mr. Blaine is unquestionably the most conspicuous figure in the group.

As a politician he is better known than in any other connection, though he has been in times past an editor and lawyer, in neither of which positions did he achieve great distinction, merely receiving such encomiums as are usually bestowed by a community upon one of their number whom they consider a "bright"or "smart"or "promising"young man;

but when Blaine was elected to Congress, which occurred for the first time in 1862, he commenced to show that there was something in him, which not even those who had given him most credit for a sort

3§4 THE NATIONAL POLITICAL STRUGGLE.

of every-day ability at home had looked for.

That influence, principle or instinct, or whatever else it may be called, among men, which enforces respect and attention by reason of superior qualities, was early manifested in Blaine's Congressional career;

he seemed to be endowed with the intuitive faculty of leading and did lead, having, in his fourth term, in the year 1869, been chosen to the position of speaker.

He was reelected to that place in 1871, and again in 1873, and when finally defeated by reason of a democratic majority in the House in 1875, at once placed himself at the front of his party and made himself the general in all attacks upon what he was pleased to designate the "Confederate Congress."

He was a candidate of his party before the Cincinnati convention, in 1S76, for the position of nominee for the presidency and was defeated when nearest to success by a combination which resulted in the choice of Rutherford B.

Hayes.

Subsequently he was elected to the United States Senate, and was again a candidate for the presidency in the Chicago convention of 1880, and again defeated, James

A. Garfield receiving the nomination.

President Garfield made him Secretary of State, a position which he held until shortly after the former's assassination, when he resigned and until the meeting of the convention by which he was nominated,was in comparative obscurity.

He is far from being obscure now, however, no matter what may be the outcome of the coming election.

Grover Cleveland, of New York, the democratic candidate, is one of the youngest men ever named for the exalted position of President, being only forty-seven years of age, seven years younger than his opponent.

He comes of a very humble family.

He studied law and was admitted to the bar, but soon relinquished active practice to take the position of sheriff of Erie County, in which he lived, of which his residence,

Buffalo, was and is the county seat.

He held the position for several terms, giving general satisfaction, and in 1S80 was nominated for mayor of Buffalo, and elected, notwithstanding the fact that it has generally been a republican city.

His administration of that office was characterized by so much executive ability and freedom from absolute partisanship, that two years later he received the nomination of his party for governor of the State, being elected by the phenomenal majority of one hundred and ninety-two thousand, the greatest ever given by any State since the formation of the Federal government.

Whether or not his political "climbing"results in his being landed in the national chair of state can best be determined after the votes are cast and counted.

He is running against a wily, thoroughfy trained and experienced politician, as well as a decidedly popular citizen, and at present not even a fair guess can be ventured.

The republican candidate for VicePresident, John A. Logan, commenced his political career as a member of the Illinois Legislature, being at that time, 1858, and up to the breaking out of the war, a radical democrat; the tender of a colonelcy in the Union army and a change of sentiment occurred simultaneously in his case, and he has since been, as he is now, an extreme republican.

He served several terms in the House of Representatives, and is at present occupying the position of United

States Senator for the second term.

Thomas A. Hendricks, the democratic candidate for Vice-President, differs in all respects from his competitor in that he has always been a democrat of moderate tendencies.

He was a prominent figure in the convention for the first place on the ticket, but his forces were not rallied early enough, and the Cleveland men walked away with the prize while the former were deliberating.

He has been consecutively a member of the

Indiana legislature, governor of the State, Representative in Congress, United States Senator, and candidate for the same position he is now running for on the ticket with Samuel J. Tilden, in 1876.

It is contended by the democrats, and some few even in the other party, that he and his associate were fairly elected on that occasion, receiving a

DREAMLAND.

popular majority of over a quarter of a million; but through the ambi-dextrous handling of the returns from three Southern States, they were "counted out."The platforms have already been extensively printed, and need not be commented on at length here.

That of the republicans is squarely an ti-"Mormon"and declares for the extinction of polygamy; the democratic deals exclusively with national affairs and is silent on the Utah question, the latter, from a literary point of view, being greatly and altogether superior to the other.

The election occurs on the fourth of next November; and that a warm and spirited canvass will take place in the interim is already well assured.

There are three other tickets in the field—greenback, anti-monopoly and prohibition; but it is hardly to be expected that they will figure largely in the contest and need not be analyzed at present.

5. A. K.

Oh! doubt it not, if thou wouldst wear the crown,

Self, baser self, must first be trampled down.

DREAMLAND.

It is a matter of frequent remark that the things which are most feared, are those least understood; and to support the statement, we need only recall the influences which blind superstition has wielded over savage and civilized man.

Perhaps this fact partly explains the feeling of awe which an account of a journey into the land of dreams inspires.

Such great reverence exists for this unsurveyed country and for the usages of its people, that any wierd or inexplicable event is apt to give rise to the exclamation, "As strange as a dream!"

The dreamer creates and furnishes a kingdom unto himself;

in sleep, every one owns and rules a world of his own, whilst in waking hours, all share together in this orb of common possession.

During slumber, the disturbing influences of external nature upon the mental faculties are reduced to a minimum;

all is physical composure and mental freedom; and the thoughtful man has seen reason to declare that "sleep is the image of death; so like it that I dare not trust sleep without prayer.

Both, when they seize the body, leave the soul at liberty."The flights of the soul thus unencumbered, seem often strangely unnatural after the spirit has been summoned again to its prison and condition of servitude in the body.

It is often on these excursions into the great unknown that we gain a glimpse of the superiority */0* of the spiritual over the temporal; that the idea of infinitude breaks over us with something of its grandeur;

that time and space become unreal, and the pure mind reigns in its kingdom of purity; the corrupt, in its domain of corruption.

The compass which directs the spirit in such wanderings is the physical condition and natural tendencies of the dreamer;

and a slight derangement in such compass sometimes produces a long cruise before the wind, and often in an undesirable direction.

As Scrooge, in the "Christmas Carol,"answers the question of his ghostly visitor, as to his reason for doubting the indications of his own senses, "Because, a little thing affects them, a slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats.

You may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, or a fragment of an underdone potato."Perhaps the brevity of the literature in this field of experience will be sufficient excuse for my introducing the following little episode:

A short time ago, I found it in the line of my duty to take a turn with others in keeping night-watch by the side of a sick friend.

On one particular evening, when this office devolved upon me, I was already greatly fatigued, and to guard against an unseasonable nap on my part, about midnight I drank a cup

DREAMLAND.

of strong coffee, to which beverage I was entirely unaccustomed.

The members of the family soon after withdrew, leaving with me the strict injunction to administer a dose of a certain medicine promptly at two o'clock.

The stimulant effect of the coffee combined with my condition of fatigue and the quiet and dim light of the chamber, to produce in me an unexpected result.

Very soon I became conscious of a state of undue mental activity, ideas coming and going in such quick succession as to be bewildering.

The condition seemed strange from the first, and I referred it at once to the action of the coffee, at the same time determining to watch the attendant phenomena as closely as possible.

I aroused myself and ascertained the time;

it was exactly twenty-five minutes past one.

Faster, and faster still, flowed the stream of thought; ideas appeared and vanished, returned, and as quickly fled.

Grave and gay, weighty and frivolous, sublime and ridiculous, flitted and alternated through my brain of turmoil, till a vague fear was suggested that they might come in collision; and what would be the result if thoughts should strike and break?

This idea, though savoring strongly of stupidity, served to introduce a true hallucination, such as I can only compare with the descriptions given by the Opium and Hasheesh habitues, as forming the exciting period of their intoxication.

The suggestion of ideas bodily clashing together implied individuality as physical somethings in the thoughts themselves, and immediately they assumed visible forms before my eyes.

Their outline was not at first clearly defined, but rather hazy and dim; yet they seemed in shape human, and their habiliments and surroundings were in every way consistent with their nature.

Now, the former bewildered whirl seemed many times increased;

for the rush had become a visible movement before my eyes, as well as a mental steeple-chase.

There arose a dull, whistling sound, as from the flight of swift-winged birds;

I looked for its cause, 'twas the dash of my thoughts as they galloped wildly on.

My personified ideas—more than figuratively "the inmates of my brain"—became yet more rampant in their madness, whilst I remained a powerless spectator.

Still every one preserved its character.

Now tramped by a form sombre and grave—and though, in general, speed seems incompatible with gravity, yet there appeared no inconsistency at the time—I was thinking of an algebraic problem awaiting solution.

Next followed a shadow with the face of a phantom, ashen, and so sad; trouble and pain, want and oppression, looked out, with the strength of the emotional language of dreams, in every glance, and the dress was that of wretchedness and distress—I was reflecting on some scene of poverty which I had met in my travels.

Here came a merry, laughing sprite, light, airy, and glad, bedecked with garlands of flowers and fruits, and with a sweet greeting as she neared me;

then she suddenly vanished—I was thinking of a young and loved sister, now passed away.

Then there hurried on a romping, rollicking form, boisterous in its mirth, and literally quaking with hilarious laughter; the dress was that of the pantomimic clown, everything extreme;

the face, that of one flushed with wine and pleasure—I was dreaming of a jest told me the day before by a merry friend of mine.

And so they came; everyone looked at me, and in so doing told its story of joy, of sadness, of sympathy, or of what it may, and was gone.

Such numbers came, and with such rapidity that soon, as he who grows weary in roaming through the alcoves and corridors of some art museum bestows but a glance even upon masterpieces, so was I worn with the endless chain of the inhabitants of my mind, as they passed in grand but terrible review.

But more was to come.

The forms ceased to vanish, though not to appear; they gathered; an innumerable host was present;

the sound of loud music was heard; and with the precision of well directed military maneuvers, all fell into a whirling dance, their motions were as bewildering as those of swiftly

DREAMLAND.

3*7"revolving wheels, advancing, receding, coalescing.

I hid my face; a thought came over me of my own littleness, and I began to wonder what my true and inmost nature was—how much of it was truth, and how much the conscious or unconscious product of custom or prejudice.

I looked up; there stood by my side the personification of that thought, a soberlooking, pensive form;

I grasped the shadow, and with a suddenness of transformation, known nowhere but in dreams, the figure turned to a lump of ore in my hand; and I stood with it in the old college laboratory, and all the paraphernalia of the chemic art around me, whilst before me lay the task of analyzing the substance in hand—my spiritual status.

I began; slowly the work went on;

its importance seemed heavily impressed upon me.

After a sufficiency of time the labor was completed; and I stood at the balances with the various ingredients now separated, awaiting the weighing.

The calculations were made, and the result—see:

*Personal prejudice, Selfish ambition, Pride of talent, Love of praise, Love of authority, Love to man, Love to God, 29 per cent.

A feeling of remorse grew upon me as I looked at the figures; but the scene at once changed; and again I was in the sick room, and, I fancied, awake; the past events were remembered as is a dream after awakening.

It was daylight;

two o'clock had passed while I had slept, and the medicine had not been administered.

My friend was worse; his relatives came into the room, and began to chide me bitterly for my neglect; the doctor came, and attributed the relapse -These specifications are but inadequate verbal expressions of comprehensive symbols, the structure of which is forgotten, but which conveyed to my understanding the fullest idea of those traits of character, which are best expressed by the terms used above.

entirely to the omission of that single teaspoonful of his potion; the house was a scene of greater distress than before;

and finally the worst came, my friend died.

Every acquaintance of his and mine blamed me for his death;

as walked the streets I was taunted for my neglect.

At the funeral suffered terrible reproach; the mother and the wife of the deceased were overcome with grief, and every tear was as a blooddrop wrung from me.

My mind reeled under the weight, and I began to be haunted by the voice of the dead; continually he was calling me by name;

his voice, as natural as during life, ever rung in my ears; never any sound but my name slowly and distinctly called, out from books and furniture, from, stones and trees, from everywhere.

Once I was startled by a louder call than usual;

I awoke and found myself still with watch in hand it was just twentysix minutes past one!

I could never desire this life to be as long as that one minute.

There was foundation for my belief in the ghostly voice, for my friend had just called my name, though only once, asking for a draught of milk.

The dreamer and the anodyne slave each knows something.of infinity of time.

To such shall we say there are sixty minutes in an hour?

No!

Sixty hours in every minute, and every minute of those hours fearfully complete in detail of surrounding.

What is an eternity of time?

Experiences more striking than this are on record; and some oi an opposite nature, when the sleeper but closes and opens the eyes, and hourshave passed.

There are mighty events to take place in the twinkling of an eye, and—"time shall be no more."J. E.

T.

Freedom is of all races and of all nationalities.

It is older than bondage, and ever rises from the enslavements laid on by the hand of violence or custom or abuse of power;

for the rights of men spring from eternal law, are kept alive by the persistent energy of constant nature, and by their own indestructibility prove their lineage as the children of omnipotence.

Bancroft.

THE GREAT TJDAL WAVE.

THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE.

ii.

That there is "a set time"for all phenomena, both in the natural and spiritual world, seems quite reasonable, -yet the periods of the latter, their "times and seasons,"may not be so easily observed or made subject to calculation.

The rising and setting of the sun, the revolution of the planets, the return of cometary bodies, and the swelling of the -ocean tides of earth, are well defined.

.A broad view of human history might give the law of mental and spiritual tides, the influx of those great waves which now and again from the far-off ocean laves the shoals, sand bars and shores of this outlying speck of earth in rihe infinitude of space.

Is it an impossibility to resolve this period into that of a thousand years in the reckoning of men, or as one day of God?

By some seerlike gift, certain souls have been <upon the watch-towers of observation, -and have in their age discovered "the signs of the times."Had they been greeted with the query, "Watchman, •what of the night?

Their answer, if not 3n scripture phrase, "The day dawneth and the shadows begin to flee away,"would have been equivalent to an assur-.-ance as decided and anticipatory in fact.

"Thus prior to the advent of the Savior,;there were those gifted ones who were "looking for the salvation of Israel,"and • the presentation of the babe in the Temple was "the one thing needful"to "justify the exclamation, "Lord, now let_tesi thou thy servant depart in peace, for imine eyes have seen thy salvation."'Historic evidences abound that there were such watchers in the beginning of the present century; everywhere in the.religious world were those sick of tradition, of priestcraft, of superstition, and • of ignorance, filled with all manner of ailments begotten of uncertainty and chronic almost by virtue of suspense, yet waiting, like those by the pool of JBethsaida, for an angel to come down and trouble the waters, so that whoever stepped in might be healed of their infirmities.

"Spiritual wickedness in high places"had forced spiritual rebellion, and "Protestantism"became a power in

Christendom as a re-action against that overshadowing crime;

yet men everywhere, under the promptings of protest, felt the most abundant need of authority, for in its best aspect protest was without cohesion, and there was implied all the possibility of individual following, which meant the inauguration of chaos and the far-reaching triumph of uncertainty and doubt.

The spiritual atmosphere of Christendom was fully charged when in 1820 the first recognized ray of celestial sunshine—the first assurance of possible inspiration for many centuries, illuminated the afterward prolific experience of the boy

Joseph Smith.

Can any now enter into the sensations produced by those rudimentary efforts at spiritual intercourse and the renewal of associations, always possible and practicable, yet because of unused and dormant powers left to the rushing approach of "the dispensation of the fulness of times?"From iS2oto 1S30, when development was so far favorable as to admit of the organization of the Church, there was a marvelous yet ever enlarging process of preparation;

the ministration of holy messengers, once dwellers in the flesh;

the restoration of priestly authority and comprehension of priestly function; the completed translation of the Book ot Mormon, and the setting in of that current of inspiration and revelation which finally became a flood-tide of intelligence and understanding are among the all-absorbing facts of history.

Nor may we with reverent feeling overlook the solemn yet soulsatisfying revelation of the presence of the Father and the Son, in the inauguration of the grandest movement of human destiny since "the morning stars sang together,"or since the time that Adam fell "that he might have joy"through all climatic changes and succeeding day and night,

THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE.

so far as man and earth are inseparably and eternally concerned.

Yet there are doubters as to this revelation of the Deity and of holy men, but assurance of pre-existence and continued existence after the present life, divests this experience of much that would otherwise provoke scepticism and distrust.

An old axiom is the one which says that "history repeats itself,"and phenomena often repeated finally may become quite common-place. The fact of communication once established, its extent is but a matter of need and may be augmented or suspended at the bidding of conditions.

One of the general testimonies in favor of the truths of early "Mormon"history is to be found in the progress of this "marvelous work."Local religious jealousies led to the persecution of the boy Joseph and his proselytes and followers, and the most virulent, fierce and active of this opposition came from believers in the Bible and New Testament, those historic documents of Judaism and

Christianity, the "Word of God,"socalled, handed down from the ages of the past.

Almost every convert to the new dispensation was susceptible to spiritual influence; many had been looking and praying for such a revelation—a restoration of the blessings of the past, and those so disposed were full of testimony and everywhere went out preaching with enthusiasm under the influence of an overpowering faith.

As was said in the days of Jesus, "These things were not done in a corner,"and the tidings flew from State to

State, the Canadas; then the islands of the sea heard the news, and missionaries •who entered first into the harvest field found to their astonishment individuals, congregations and communities waiting for the message from afar.

The great wave, while sweeping in its fulness this highly favored land, was surging around the earth in prophecy and tongues and waiting souls, before the arrival of the ambassadors of the faith.

Still more, after converts were made and organization effected, the same inspirational impulse was felt to cluster together, and gathering was the topic and the intention, without a word of suggestion or counsel—it was indeed the product of revelation given personally from oa high.

Is it to be wondered that such a movement included organization, and more particularly as this was subject to intelligences out of the flesh, to representatives of ancient system and organization, and to the approval of Deity in the persons of the Father and the Son and of the Holy Ghost;

that it was realty and indeed "the Gospel of the Kingdom,"the long-looked for, the fulfilment of "all the Prophets since the world began?"These are the conclusions of fact, and they have the response of the spirit in the breast of each honest and obedient disciple in every land and clime. In spite of the anathemas of mankind, of sects without authority, of priests interested in the maintenance of hoary institution* or modern ones of man's device, the subjects of this new yet oldest faith increased in spiritual gifts, while those who declined investigation and re;

diate these possibilities, decline in power and inevitably become subject to spirits, of irregular and unauthorized character and so tenfold more the children of the evil one.

If, as is asserted, this is the establishment of the Kingdom of God on the earth, it might be presumed that in ihework of preparation this influx of spiritual illumination would be felt outside of the science of religion.

While that;

may be fundamental and of necessity the foundation, yet there are countlesstributary auxiliaries, and there are aTsacountless evils in the surroundings, of mankind which bar their way not only to the reception but really to the hearing:

of the truth.

That those who restored the Gospel were intelligences of vast experience is easily understood; many of them had attained to the resurrection and they were heirs to the Priesthood^, they had officiated in the rule and government of God both in time and eternity.

Some had passed from earth ex-

39° THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE.

(perience from two to five thousand years ago, and dull scholars indeed must they have been in "the Schools of the Prophets,"if they in this (to human reckoning) vast period of time, if they sbad not acquired an enlarged comprehension of the government and order of «God.

But all man's faculties are not religious;

in fact there are those who -are not susceptible save to the veriest ^rudiments of religious life.

While faculties which seize on secular things are as exuberant as it is possible to become in flesh, may we not suppose that these gifted minds were, according to their organization, subject to influences from •behind the vail?

Men of scientific temperament were thus actuated, and mental activity was mever more decided, material progress mever made such giant strides as since the first revelation in 1820 was given to the Prophet of the last and greatest dispensation; and to complete the analogies --of history, a fulness of spiritual life •should seize simultaneously, in our day;as in ages past, those who are by organization most susceptible to its power.

Consider the marvelous discoveries that have been made in the last sixty years, and then say whether the "tidal <wave"was confined to the revelations •of the Gospel and the relationship of man to his Maker, or was it not more extended and diffuse?

The discovery of steam has revolutionized the methods of mankind, and its application has doubled the producing power existent upon the earth;

so -every railroad, steamship, factory, foundry, where it is used as an agent, is testimony to the spirit which revealed so gigantic and invaluable a force.

What an impetus it has given to the creation of books, to the dissemination of knowledge and facilities for travel, fulfilling that scripture, "Many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased."<Jas and electricity are both products of the same period, and the telegraph and telephone are but the beginning of more •extended facilities for that human aecommodation and intercourse which seems more than ever desirable; then we have had the daguerreotype and photography which has given the masses familiarity with prominent men among their fellows, and multiplied mementoes of affection and regard amid the homes and families of the world.

To these might be added many other discoveries, which may however be left to the suggestions of observation, yet all originating within the period of this great tidal wave.

What wonderful changes have taken place in regard to the extension of the principles of human liberty and freedom among mankind.

England purchased freedom for all her slaves; America declared as a war measure, yet in keeping with modern ideas, her slaves forever free; Russia breaks the chains by gradual process of her uncounted serfs, and nations unite in the prevention of the coolie trade from Afric's heated shores.

When you come to political freedom this period embraces—reform in England, the overthrow of monarchy in France and the establishment of a republic upon the ruins of a throne; Germany under Bismarck wrests from France her ancient provinces and from numerous petty principalities becomes one of the leading nations of the world;

Italy throws off its allegiance to the temporal rule of the Papacy and its states under Emanuel become a united nation;

Russia sweeps away ancient nationalities like Hungary and Poland, and absorbing these becomes the great

Colossus or giant power of the world;

and the enlargement of human liberty, the conceptions of human right broaden under the influence of this impulse of spiritual origin to the cry of, "Prepare ye the way of the Lord, and make each crooked path now straight."Since this period opens, colonization has been the order of the day, and the spirit of advanced civilization makes its impress upon the heathen lands, and the dark places of the earth which were full of cruelty have felt the sunshine from the other side.

The teeming myriads of India have felt the genius of British rule, Juggernaut has gone down before the silent

THE GREAT TIDAL WAVE.

power and sublime force of law, the funeral pyre and the sacrifices of the Ganges have passed away, and famine now stands rebuked before the power of railroads, bringing bread and life from province to province as needed, and bearing her cotton to British looms for the markets of the world.

Egypt is now in the early stages of redemption from taskmasters and slavery, China long ago opened her ports to the thunder of British guns, and Christian thought in some degree leavens the traditions of Confucius and the nobles of her splendid past.

Japan assumes with almost inspirational activity the manners and many of the best features of advanced nations, while Australia and New

Zealand (once penal colonies) have, during the Gospel era, risen to national importance, and from there, as from the islands of the sea, is a quota furnished to aid in laying, in the mountains, the foundation stones of a civilization to eclipse the whole.

There are also evidences of marvelous advance in mechanism, some of which outrank all the creations of the historic past, such as the Brittania tubular bridge, the bridge across the Niagara river, and the Brooklyn bridge, which outstrips the whole;

steamships from three hundred feet for a few hundred passengers now are doubled in length and capacity, and are equal to Noah's ark, built under the special direction of Almighty God.

The history of nations, whose records have been undecipherable, have come to light; the vast remains of the American continent find solution in the Book of Mormon;

Egypt, Assyria, Pompeii, Greece, Mexico and Palestine have yielded their treasures to the explorer, and every sealed book has found its key, until hieroglyphic and cuneiform inscription are read as we read our mother tongue.

The discovery of gold in California, in Australia and elsewhere has provoked travel, encouraged colonization, given an impetus to trade and manufactures, and aroused some of the best as well as probably some of the worst features and possibilities of human existence, unrestrained by society, religion or God, nations closed by jealousy and kingcraft have opened their gates at the demand of modern popular desire, and in the order of overruling Providence in His due time they will each contribute of their best elements that which will be needed on this favored continent for the kingdom which shall never pass away.

Nor need we suppose that but few spiritual intelligences have been engaged in these several enterprises. Their names are legion, probably many of them lived in the very lands to which they went as ministering servants, and were well acquainted with those through whom the spirit manifested itself in discovery, in invention, in exploration, in grand views of human capacity for progress, political, social and industrial.

Still further we need not necessarily assume that all these ministering spirits held the Priesthood, yet they were all subordinate to that rule, and having by virtue of experience and special learning become adepts and masters in mechanics and other mentioned directions, were selected and sent for the work.they were qualified to perform.

Morse was impressionable in regard to electrical science and he acknowledged that the gift was given of God, and other philosophers and statesmen have felt their faculties quickened by unseen forces, and been willing to believe that they were working in their way for humanity and God.

Americus, Columbus, the fathers of this country and of its constitution were inspired of God, not perhaps in that strict sense as portrayed in the special missions of Moses, Jesus or

Joseph Smith, but inspired by His Spirit subject to the influence of His messengers and servants, and directed by those angels who are subject to His authority.

Those men are rare upon the earth who can hold communion with the Father and the Son; those are rare who can hold communion with and receive the Holy Ghost; those are rare who can woo to themselves the companionship of angels and enjoy associations with the spirit of the just made perfect; but

SOME STRANGE METALS.

there are many who are susceptible to the influence of a departed father, mother, brother, sister, husband, wife or dear friend.

These have partly understood us in earth life, during its associations and experience of trial and intimacy, and no doubt they are anxious to aid us, to push us forward in the divine life, and answer before God the end of our creation.

Power to communicate with these will increase in Zion, the spiritual functions and perceptions will become educated by experience and opportunity, the duties of Temple ritual, the salvation of our dead, the necessity for lost genealogy, the growth of the latter day kingdom, will all be in the way of stimulus, until inspiration and revelation will be far less phenomenal and much better understood than it now is, even by good and faithful Latter-day Saints.

Moreover, what is there of intelligence that is original, new to man, probably, and men; but truth is eternal, principles are eternal, all science is eternal, and that now known was revealed from intelligences ahead of the present recipients;

if men knew, if men understood, if men practiced, it was before they.

dwelt in flesh, perchance many a toiler by the midnight lamp, many a student of cause and effect, many a baffled yet finally satisfied discoverer, repeats the echo, restores the memory, or gives to use the profound reflections of another's spirit; yet originality is very, very rare indeed Influences and impulses only wait perchance the mood, or have to foster and educate capacity to receive the truths they bear.

So from sordid life, animalized and degraded, comes the music of the better time, and viewing the unraveling of destiny, the positive progress which comes of war or peace, the bravery of work, the glory of thought, the ability to receive and use, man aspires to the knowledge of the Godhead, and the marvelous universe is His.

Old truths, ancient laws, eternally established powers, simply take on new lustre by new combinations and the fortuitous re-arrangement of lights and shadows which belong to all of human kind, but receive their best interpretation from a thoughtful and impressionable Latter-day Saint.

And when these, as a community, can use this privilege and power of revealment for salvation and for the glory of God;

when they as a people purify themselves, one tidal wave will succeed another in the history of the Church, and while they know that in the beginning God raised up "a choice seer"for the opening of the dispensation, and while they know that wave was felt in all departments of human thought outside the

Church; now the world having ignored

God, and used that inspiration for selfaggrandizement and personal ends, He may in the time to come as a result of increased numbers and faith, allow that wave to spend itself in the midst of His people Israel, stimulating invention, prompting discovery, suggesting wisdom, advancing statesmanship, fostering all education by revealing all knowledge, and in His kingdom establishing ''The New Order,"to the overthrow of selfishness, dishonesty, trickery, tradition and evil by the force of revelation through His Spirit and by His ministers in the form of one more and still another great tidal wave.

H.

W. Naisbilt.

The cause thou tightest for, so far as it is true, no farther, yet precisely so far, is very sure of victory.—Carlyle.

SOME STRANGE METALS.

Some of the metals which are familiar enough to the chemist, though rarely seen outside his laboratory, have so little in common with the metals of every-day life as to scarcely belong to the same class of substances. We commonly think of a metal as being heavy, yet sodium and potassium will float on

SOME STRANGE METALS.

water, and lithium is the lightest of all known solids.

The fact is that the word "metal"is one of the hardest in the language to define.

The metals all have a peculiar lustre, to be sure, which, from its association, have come to be metallic;

but many minerals, as galena and black-lead, which certainly are not metals, have the same appearance, and so on through the list of properties.

The chemical relations of the metals give good reasons for placing these substances by themselves, though even here the lines are not clearly marked.

One of the most distinctive properties of the metals is their power to form, when combined witli acids, a class of bodies called salts—on account of their resemblance to common salt, which contains about forty per cent, of metal sodium.

This metal is a bluish white, waxy solid, and has such a great tendency to rust, or unite with the oxygen in the air, that it must be kept in some oil, like petroleum, which contains no oxygen.

If a bit of sodium be thrown upon a piece of ice, the metal takes fire, and any attempts to put it out by pouring water on it would only be adding fuel to the flame.

The sodium-match is an application of this peculiar property of the metal.

It is merely a bit of wood tipped with sodium, and which can, of course, be lighted on the stormiest day by the mere contact of a rain-drop. The matches are, however, decidedly dangerous, and their manufacture is generally prohibited.

Potassium, which is obtained from potash, is another metal very similiar to sodium, and will take fire upon ice or water, even more rapidly than this last-named metal.

A small piece of potassium thrown into a jar of water apparently takes fire at once, and swims about with great rapidity, burning all the time with a brilliant vioiet flame.

One may be forgiven if his ideas on combustion are somewhat upset by the sight of this phenomenon, but there is really nothing very strange about it. Water is a compound of hydrogen and oxygen, and the metals, sodium and potassium, have so strong an attraction for oxygen that they will take it wherever they can find it, even from water.

This, of course, sets the hydrogen free, which is set on fire by the heat given off when the potassium and oxygen unite, and burns with a violet color because of the vapor of the metal.

The same is true in the case of sodium; the flame is clue to the burning hydrogen rather than the metal.

Sodium, potassium and lithium with several other metals, form a group known as the alkali metals.

There is another group to which iron belongs, which contains an interesting member called aluminum—sometimes aluminium—from its occurrence in common alum.

Aluminum is a beautiful metal, much like silver in appearance, and possessing many valuable properties.

It is very sonorous, easily worked, does not tarnish in the air, and is only about onefourth as heavy as silver.

It conducts electricity eight times better than iron.

Added to this, it occurs in greater quantity than any other metal in the world.

Every clay-bank, every granitebed, is a mine of aluminum, but as yet no cheap and ready means of obtaining the metal has been found, in spite of all attempts.

Napoleon offered a large reward to any one discovering such a process, as, on account of its lightness, he wished to use the metal in his army for helmets and cuirasses.

It is hardly possible to give an exact statement of the amount of aluminum in different clays, since the composition of these earths varies greatly.

Clays are impure silicates of aluminum, and, generally speaking a good brick clay contains a tenth or more, by weight, of the metal.

This would be sufficient to plate the upper surface of the bricks, as they are commonly laid in sidewalks, with a layer ot metallic aluminum a fifth of an inch deep.

Or this same amount of metal would form a layer one-third of an inch deep on the outside of the bricks as they are laid in our houses.

So we find this hidden metal everywhere about us, and a princely fortune waits the man who can bring it to the light.

A. D. L- Time tries the troth in everything.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, July, 1884.

ENCOURAGEMENT TO THE ELDERS.

I would rather have a son in the vineyard, saving the souls of men, than to have him heaping up gold at home and becoming a millionaire.

Yes, I thank God that the young men of Israel are rising up and going forth into the vineyard and magnifying the Holy Priesthood, and preparing themselves to fulfil their high destiny in this important dispensation.

As I look over the history of this Church and kingdom of God on the earth, and think of the army of faithful laborers in the kingdom who have passed to the other side of the vail, and realize that I soon shall follow them, and as I draw near to the close of my testimony and labor in the flesh, my anxiety greatly deepens and increases concerning the rising generation which

I am to leave behind me in these mountains of Israel.

I am thoroughly satisfied in my own mind that there never was a generation of young men and maidens since the world was, that had awaiting them the same high destiny that awaits the young men and maidens who dwell in these valleys, surrounded by the everlasting hills, upon whose heads rest the blessings which the old Patriarch Jacob sealed upon the heads of his sons, Joseph and Ephraim, and their posterity.

Through their lineage the sons and daughters who inhabit these mountains claim, and, as God lives, will inherit the blessings sealed upon the head of Ephraim in the last days.

We are living in a momentous age, and events as weighty as ever rested upon the earth will have to be met by the generation which follows us.

The whole earth is groaning under the weight of darkness, crime, corruption and abominations, and its inhabitants are preparing themselves for the outpouring of the. just judgments and indignation of an avenging God.

In the midst of this scene of events, where will either heaven or earth look for a people, except the sons and daughters of Zion, to hold the helm of state, or to prepare a place of safety that mortal men may stand in holy places and be preserved, while the great judgments of God sweep the wicked from off the earth, in fulfilment of the revelations of

St. John and other Apostles and Prophets who spoke as they were moved upon by the Holy Ghost?

Though heaven and earth pass away, not one jot or tittle of what has been predicted will fall unfulfilled.

Neither God nor angels look to any other people than the Latter-day Saints—the Elders of Israel, the young men of Zion, to go forth bearing the Holy Priesthood to warn this Christian, Gentile generation with the Gospel of Jesus Christ of the judgments which are to come; and their testimony will prove a savor of life unto life or of death unto death to all who hear it.

Therefore, ye Elders of Israel, and young men who are in the vineyard of the Lord, or who dwell in Zion, prepare yourselves for that which is to come. Take upon yourselves the whole armor of God, and bear a true and faithful testimony unto all people where providence may call you, that your garments may be clean from the blood of all men, for the eyes of all the heavenly hosts of God, angels and men, are watching over you with feelings of the deepest interest.

You are called and ordained of God to prepare this great and m^hty work for the coming of the Son of Man.

The Lord has said, through the mouth of His servant Joseph, that "you are commanded of God to go to all the great and notable cities and villages, reproving the world in righteousness of all their unrighteous and ungodly deeds, setting forth clearly and understandingly the desolation of abomination in the last

EDITORIAL.

days;

for with you, saith the Lord Almighty, I will rend their kingdoms:

I will not only shake the earth, but the starry heavens shall tremble;

for I, the Lord, have put forth my hand to exert the powers of heaven;

ye cannot see it now, yet a little while and ye shall see it, and know that I am, and that I will come and reign with my people.

I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning^and the end.

Amen."Thus, ye Elders of Israel, with the word of the Lord resting upon you,what manner of men ought ye to be?

Gird up the loins of your minds—watch and be sober.

Be ye clean that have the words of the Lord, that ye may be free from the blood of this generation.

If you labor all the days of your life and save one soul, how great will be your joy in the kingdom of God with that soul How much more if ye save many souls!

The Lord has called His servants into the vineyard to puune it for the last time, and He is also often showing us, by revelation, the great events that are at our doors—the gathering of Israel, the return of the Ten Tribes, the fall of Babylon, the judgments of God, the overthrow of the wicked, and all that is to transpire in the hour of God's judgment, and the final coming of the Son of Man in the clouds of heaven to reward every man according to the deeds done in the body.

I say, after the Lord has set all these things before us, He says unto us, "If you believe me you will labor while the day lasts, for soon night will come when no man can work."

There are great events at the door. This generation knows not what awaits them.

When the people reject the testimony of the Elders of Israel and turn them from their doors, they little know what they are doing or what their reward will be;

and while our nation is laboring for the destruction of the Church and kingdom of God, and trample under their feet the laws and Constitution which have been bequeathed unto us by our forefathers through the inspiration of Almighty God, they little know of the seed they sow or the fearful harvest thev are doomed to reap.

These eternal truths rest with weight upon my mind.

The historian says: "The decline and fall of Rome was attributable to the general corruption of the people, and to the engrossing love of pleasure and idleness.

Work, in the last days of Rome, was regarded as only fit for slaves.

Its citizens ceased to pride themselves on the virtues and characters of their great forefathers, and the empire fell because it did not deserve to live. When national character ceases to be upheld, a nation may be regarded as next to lost.

When it ceases to esteem and to practice the virtues of truthfulness, honesty, integrity and justice, it does not deserve to live."The historian, in this respect, has only drawn the picture of what has followed all cities, nations and kingdoms of the whole earth from the creation of the world until now, and will continue until the end of the world.

The history of Sodom and Gomorrah, the antediluvian world, and of Thebes, Memphis, Nineveh, Tyre and Sidon, Babylon the Great, as well as Jerusalem itself, all have fallen when they were ripened in iniquity, and all this in fulfilment of the word of the Lord through the mouths of holy men, who spoke as they were moved upon by the inspiration of eternal truth.

The Lord has already swept off two great nations from the American continent, in fulfilment of His word, when they were ripened in iniquity, and what inspired man can look with indifference upon the vortex into which the American government is hastening, through the same process, to their utter destruction and overthrow? Who will save the American flag and Constitution?

I heard Joseph Smith say, the Elders of Israel would have it to do, and he was a Prophet of God.

Therefore, prepare yourselves, O ye nations of the earth, for that which awaits you, for the God of heaven has a controversy with the nations!

The Lord will disappoint no one for the want of the fulfilment of any of His words; and when I reflect that there is not one of the Apostles dwelling in the flesh who opened the doors of salvation in the

CHINESE GORDON.

British dominions in 1837, and but two who assisted in baptizing some seven thousand in 1841), and that our mission and labors will soon be found upon the other side of the vail—I say, while these reflections rest upon me,

I feel desirous to urge upon my brethren, the Elders of Israel, to labor faithfully while the day lasts.

Try to save the souls of men.

Bless and not curse.

Keep pure and clean before the Lord.

Pray earnestly for the Holy Spirit to guide you.

Be patient in well doing.

If you are persecuted and derided for the Gospel's sake, remember that Jesus has trod that road before you, and descended lower than ever you will be called to go;

and if you are cast out of doors and get hungry, have to travel on foot, get weary and sore, and are without money, remember that others, even your fathers after the flesh, have passed through the same ordeal.

Brigham and Ileber, Willard and John, Parley and Orson, Wilford and George A., have traveled over the same road, preached in the same halls and streets, gut hungry the same as you are.

We are all in the same old ship of Zion, and thanks be to God for the privilege.

Be of good cheer.

Though earth and hell conspire against you, they shall not prevail if you are built upon my rock, saith the Lord.

May the blessings and power of God, with His Holy Spirit, rest upon all the Elders and Saints of God in the vineyard of the Lord, as well as those in Zion.

Wilford Woodruff.

Where law ends, tyranny begins.

CHINESE GORDON.

At the present time there is scarcely a more conspicuous name upon the public tongue than that of the distinguished military genius bearing the above sobriquet.

The events that gave him the peculiar name, which has clung to him ever since, occurred more than twenty years ago, and occupy an important place in the modern history of the great

Chinese Empire.

The story of Gordon's achievements and the debt of gratitude the people of the "Flowery kingdom"owe him are familiar themes in the east, but have been so long forgotten in the western world that we seldom read or hear how the present Governor- General of the Soudan, came by the popular name Chinese Gordon.

The following extract taken from a sketch in the Century shows the origin of Gordon's appellation and acquaints us with the nature of the expedition in which he is engaged:

"Twenty-one years ago the Chinese Empire, after submitting to a peace dictated by the allied powers amid the ashes of its imperial palace, was threatened with ruin by the rebellion of the Taipings.

The heart of the empire had fallen into the hands of the rebels, who, under Chung-Wang, a kind of Chinese

Mahdi, had routed the armies of China and menaced the dynasty with overthrow.

For five years Shanghai itself was only preserved from capture and loot by the presence of a British garrison.

Repeated attempts were vainly made by the Chinese authorities to win back their lost provinces; and as year after year passed by, it seemed as if this cancer, preying on the vitals of the empire, would eventually destroy it.

At the beginning of 1863 the Taipings, numbering one hundred thousand fighting men, occupied the whole of the country stretching from Shanghai to Nankin.

They held every walled city for a distance of several hundred miles to the south and west.

Inflamed with fanaticism, flushed with victory, they were in undisturbed possession of the garden of

China.

Their head-quarters at Soochow, a strongly fortified citadel, commanded the whole province. The towns and villages were in ruins, and vast tracts of country were depopulated.

It was while affairs were in this position that Gordon, then major in the British

CHINESE CORDON.

army, was appointed commander of the imperial forces.

They consisted of four thousand Chinese mercenaries, officered for the most part by foreign sailors with a turn for filibustering, undisciplined, and demoralized by repeated defeats.

In addition to this rabble, Gordon had nothing to rely upon beyond a firm base, ample munitions of war at Shanghai, and a couple of steam-tugs.

The situation seemed a hopeless one, and Gordon might well have despaired.

But Gordon is a man not given to despair.

As was said of another whom in many respects he much resembles, 'Hope shone in him as a pillar of fire after it had gone out in other men.'"This faith was justified by his works.

In twelve months after he assumed command he had suppressed the Taiping rebellion.

With his handful of natives, reenforced as the campaign went on by prisoners captured in the field, he defeated the rebels, arid stormed their fortresses one after another, until, on his recall, he left the Chinese Goverment in a position to overturn the last stronghold of the rebellion in the city of Nankin.

Never had a victory more brilliant been achieved with forces so inadequate, and seldom had the genius of a commander been more conspicuous in the transformation which it wrought in the fortunes of war.

Because he crushed the Taipings and saved China, he acquired the name of Chinese Gordon;

and because he had proved his ability to do such marvels in China, he was this year dispatched to Khartoum to accomplish a task from which an army might have recoiled.

It was no unfounded expectation that the man who, with four thousand unvvarlike Chinese, could crush the Taiping insurrection, might be able, with the aid of six thousand Egyptians in Khartoum, to secure the evacuation of the Soudan. To reconquer a province studded with fortresses and garrisoned with one hundred thousand men, was a far more formidable enterprise than the extrication of some scattered garrisons from the valley of the Upper Nile.

Gordon, who had done the one, was confident that he would not find it impossible to do the other.

That confidence was shared by his countrymen, and in that lies the secret of the justification of his mission to the Soudan.

"General Gordon, is in person slight and short, and although but fifty years of age, has seen service the value and variety of which offers a striking illustration of the extent of the work which falls to the share of England in the government of the world.

Entering the army when a youth, his first campaign was that of the Crimea, where he displayed the courage and sangfroid which have distinguished him through life.

After the fall of Sebastopol he was employed first in defining the frontier between Russia and Turkey in Europe, and then in laying down the correct limits of the frontiers of Armenia.

Hardly had he finished this task, when the outbreak of the Chinese war hurried him to the further East.

He took part in the operations that resulted in the capture of Pekin;

and, after the war with China was over, he served for some time in the small British force that defended Shanghai from the Taipings.

In 1863 he assumed the command of the imperial troops, and, as has already been remarked, he achieved a success that startled none so much as the Chinese themselves.

In the series of actions that led to the final victory, Gordon, then only thirty years old, displayed that rare faculty for organizing and inspiring irregular troops which has always been the chief secret of his success.

Never was this genius for command better displayed than when Gordon organized his bodyguards out of the Taiping prisoners captured on the field, and imbued every Chinaman under his command with a belief that he was both invulnerable and invincible.

He always led his troops into action himself, armed with no weapon save a small cane, but the superstition of his soldiers transformed it into a magic wand of victory, and an almost perfect immunity from wounds established a belief that he had a charmed life, similar to that with which the Russian army associated the name of Skobeleff.

Eor the next six years

CHINESE GORDON.

from 1865 to 1871, Gordon was employed in superintending the fortification of the

Thames, a period of service which is associated with incessant activity on behalf of the gutter-snipes and Arabs of the streets of Gravesend, where legends of 'the good colonel'still linger among the boys who passed through his ragged- school.

"After spending six years at Gravesend, Colonel Gordon was dispatched to represent the English Government on the Danubian Commission.

The work was not very congenial.

The Danube, the Mississippi of Europe, has an International Commission to control its lower channel.

Representatives of all the great powers, and also of the riverine states, direct the engineering works necessary to keep its mouths open for navigation; and it was on this Commission that Colonel Gordon spent the next two years of his life.

From the mouth of the Danube he was summoned by the late Khedive of Egypt, and appointed ruler of the head waters of the Nile and Governor- General of the Equator.

After spending a couple of years in these remote regions, he was in 1877 appointed Governor-General of the Soudan, and he continued to wield absolute power for the next three years over a region considerably larger than India.

Before he finally quitted the Soudan he executed a mission to Abyssinia, which was not the least adventurous of his African exploits.

Returning to England in 1880, he accepted the post of Military Secretary to Lord Ripon, who was then going out as GovernorGeneral of India.

The appointment, however, was a mistake, and before work began Colonel Gordon had resigned.

The next few years he spent in travel.

During a visit to South Africa he was induced to undertake the settlement of the Basutan difficulty;

but the Cape Government took alarm at his frank recognition of the justice of the rebels'complaints, and the appointment was canceled.

"There was some talk at one time of appointing him President in Zululand when the late King Cetewayo was restored, but it came to nothing.

Gordon spent some time in the Seychelles, where he believed he had discovered the tree of forbidden fruit; and ultimately, after visiting England, he settled for a time at Jerusalem.

Here he was speedily absorbed in the identification of historical sites and in dreamy speculations concerning the future of the east, in which, texts of Hebrew prophecies supplied clews for the elucidation of the problems of European diplomacy.

He was at Jerusalem when the summons came from the King of the Belgians which indirectly led to his return to his old post at Khartoum.

"The Soudan, or the Black Country, is a vast and undefined region stretching south of Egypt to the Equator.

The greater part of it is desert, and although its area exceeds that of India, its population is not three times that of the State of New York.

Along the river, however, there is a strip of verdure, and in the southern and southeastern provinces, especially in the country between the two Niles and that near the lakes and the source of the White Nile, the soil is very rich.

Khartoum, the capital of the whole region, and situated at the junction of the two Niles, is an important commercial centre.

Egyptian government in the Soudan was a mere matter of periodical pillage, accompanied by the torture of men and the ravishing of women.

Its only redeeming feature was that it prevented internecine wars; and when occasionally a good governor-general was appointed, the Bashi-Bazoukery was reduced to a minimum, and the force of the Egyptian Government was exerted for the repression of the slave-trade, which is the staple industry of the Soudan.

But the system of government was essentially Turkish.

When General Gordon was appointed Governor-General, he informed Ismail, the late Khedive, thrice over that his appointment would be fatal to the continuance of the old system.

'Nevermore,'said he, 'will Egypt be able to govern the Soudan in the old Turkish or Circassian fashion after I have resided there long enough

CHINESE GORDON.

to teach the people that they have rights.

If you send me, you must continue my system or lose the Soudan.

Ismail was deaf to the warning.

He sent Gordon.

His successor did not continue Gordon's system, and the result is before us.

Egypt has lost the Soudan exactly as he predicted.

"General Gordon was asked to go to the Soudan at three o'clock in the afternoon on Friday, the 18th clay of January, 1SS4.

He left at eight o'clock that night, and reached Khartoum in exactly one month.

Mounting a fleet dromedary, he rode forth from Korosko to Abou Hamad, and, like Caesar, the fortunes of the English Government rode with him through the desert.

If he had fallen, the Cabinet would not have long survived.

Fortunately he got through alive, and the firstsuccess of his mission enabled them to defeat the attack of the opposition.

The popular manifestations of enthusiasm which had accompanied his course culminated in his triumphal entry into Khartoum.

He had dispatched a telegram on his way to the terrified garrison 'You are men, not women.

Be not afraid.

I am coming.'And when he arrived he told the thousands who came to kiss his feet and hail him as the savior of the Soudan:

'I come'without soldiers, but with God on my side, to redress the evils of the Soudan.

1 will not fight with any weapons but justice.

There shall be no more Bashi-Bazouks.'The scene that followed his arrival was dramatic.

The books recording the debts of the overtaxed people were burnt publicly in front of the palace.

The kourbashes whips, and other implements of torture, were all placed in the burning pile. The jail was demolished and the prisoners set at liberty.

At night the town was in a blaze of illumination, and the negroes indulged in a display of fireworks to mark their appreciation of their deliverer.

The next day General Gordon began the work of evacuation.

Natives of the Soudan were appointed to the command of all the most important posts.

Colonel de Coetlogon, who had commanded the garrison, was sent home.

'I consider Khartoum as safe as Kensington Park,'wrote General Gordon.

The fellah troops were ordered to Egypt;

two thousand women and children were sent down the river to Berber.

General Gordon recognized the Mahdi as Sultan of Kordofan, and issued a proclamation announcing that, as henceforth the Soudan and its Government had become independent, it would look after its own affairs without interference by the Egyptian Government in anything whatever.

They could do as they pleased about slaves and the slave-trade.

The petition-boxes were reestablished, and all men were allowed free access to the palace.

Over the throne of the Governor-General they read, 'The hearts of men are in the hands of God.'The first part of his mission had been brilliantly accomplished.

"What, then, was the task which General Gordon rode forth into the desert to accomplish?

His mission was pacific, but he has been fighting round Khartoum.

The inconsistency is solely on the surface, and that there should be even an apparent inconsistency is due alone to the extent to which General Gordon's action has been trammeled by orders from home.

The main end of the policy he was dispatched to carry out was to withdraw from the Soudan the garrisons of twenty thousand Egyptian troops, as well as the employees, native Christian women and children, who could not remain with safety when the country was evacuated.

There were from ten to fifteen thousand of the latter non-military class in Khartoum alone.

General Gordon was informed that the Egyptian Government was 'earnestly solicitous that no effort should be spared to insure the retreat both of the civilian population and of the garrison without loss of life.'In order to secure their safe retreat he was left to act on his own discretion, both as to the most opportune time and the best method; and he was given full discretionary power to retain the troops for such reasonable period as he might think necessary, in order that the abandonment of the country might be accomplished with the least possible

CHINESE GORDON.

risk to life and property.

Before retiring he was to hand over the country to the representatives of the different petty sultans who existed before its conquest, and to attempt to form a confederation of these potentates.

In accepting the duty thus imposed upon him, General

Gordon asked what should be done 'if the Mahdi's adherents attack the evacuating columns?

It cannot be supposed that they are to offer no resistance.'And he went on to say that it would be reasonable in such a case to allow them to follow up the Mahdi to such a position as might insure their future safe march.

He would, he ssid, carry out the evacuation to the best of his ability, with avoidance, as far as possible, of all fighting.

'I would, however,'he added, as if anticipating the storm of misrepresentation that would be launched against him, 'hope that Her Majesty's Government will give me their support and consideration should I be unable to fulfill all their expectations.'"There is a possibility that General Gordon might have succeeded in arranging with the Mahdi for the safe retreat of the garrison and the Egyptian and Christian inhabitants.

If, as soon as he had arrived at Khartoum, he could have ridden through into the presence of the

Mahdi, he might have come to an understanding with him which would have prevented bloodshed.

That at least was General Gordon's opinion, and upon that opinion he was prepared to act.

So convinced was he as to the urgent need for coming into personal communication with the Mahdi, that he even comtemplated getting himself made prisoner in order that he might be carried as a captive into his presence.

Unfortunately his heroic scheme was vetoed by the home Government.

His life, it was held, was too precious to be risked in that fashion.

Foiled in this matter, General Gordon cast about for the best alternative policy.

At Khartoum he found a general desire to have Zebehr, the king of the slave-traders, established as ruler in the capital of the Soudan.

Zebehr, a man of supreme ability, although stained by much cruelty, could command a large local following, and his obvious interest would lead him to do what he could to expedite the safe evacuation of the country.

One thing was certain:

a pacific arrangement with the Mahdi having been rendered impossible, the retreat of the garrisons and the civilians was physically impossible, unless the tribes who alone could furnish means of transport were assured that the new ruler of Khartoum would not punish those who assisted the retiring Egyptians. A permanent friendly power must therefore be established at Khartoum, otherwise the tribes on the line of retreat would forthwith go over to the

Mahdi.

But when Gordon telegraphed for Zebehr, Zebehr was denied him.

The Anti-Slavery Society had protested.

The prejudice, well-founded and deeprooted, against the king of the slavetraders arrayed public sentiment in England against the selection of such a ruler at Khartoum; and, despite the opposition of the most of the influential of the ministers, the Cabinet refused to allow Zebehr to proceed to Khartoum.

Once more Gordon's plans were upset by his employers, and he was left face to face with a situation growing daily more perilous and anarchic.

He sent two thousand women and children down to

Berber, from whence he hoped they could be sent on to the sea, General Graham's victories near Suakim being relied on to open the road.

To secure the opening of the road and the safety of Berber, General Gordon urged that two squadrons of cavalry should be sent through from Suakim.

That also was denied him; and then the Government, having vetoed in succession every plan by which his pacific mission might have been successful, telegraphed to him to desert his garrison and come home.

Gordon's reply was a flat refusal.

His soldiers had followed him to death and danger.

'I cannot desert my garrison.'So he remained at his post, and he will remain.

Behind the ramparts of the beleaguered city he will stand or fall with those whom he was sent to save.

If he cannot take them with him, he will die at his post."

S.P.TEASDEL

UA1VT LAKE CITY WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, AND ALL IvINDS OF GENERAL MERHANDISR

Best l£ouso for IT^iKp.iXy ££isLj£>-&±±G>m.

S.

IP.

TEJj^LSIDEIIj.

e. o. nox 36A.

East Temple Street.

To Purchasers of Homs-mads BOOTS and SHOES, The Just, renown o''the Boots 'and Blioea mude by Z. (J. ML L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imltiite our Goods.

«r BEWARB OP IMITATION, -w Purcha.se only those ueak- I.VO OTOR 1IKANU STr-v$$3c&>ee$*>c* H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer In Wool, Tildes, Pelts, Furs, etc, Agrlcullural Implements of all kinds,.Steel Bottom Hcrapeitt, Victor Cnne

Mills, James I/effcl'B Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Hteel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not In Stock ordf-red on Commission when de» aired.

1213 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, mn and mm&a. mm, PLASTER OF PARIS* MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P. C Esx, IOCS.

GALT LAEZ CITY.

DAVID. JAMES, PLUMBER, TIltXgK, GAM AXD STISAM

FITTER.

iVATl'R PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD* tittle* unit Work Shup, K7.nidH'J Minn Upholstery, {Bbddihq, f^UF^NITTJF^B, E F^jS Blinds, AEEIAGES,

-I* CO z 2?

TUB'. €KM:itltATKD TCHELL WAGON -A.xs.cl IRO-A-ID CiLRTS.

I>KA!LKKS I3V WA«OSS. CAKKIA«KS.

$V MAClHSfEBY ANI> IMPLKMEKT8.

Geo. T. Oilell, Heber «T. Grunt, J. JF. Grant LL k HI., B. MATTISON.) Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.

(SUCCESSORS TO L. B. MATTISON.) MARCHESS AIV1» UEXUKAh AUief(ji:iiTirKAii »UJL»l»I.flK».

I1ISSIL0I THRESHERS. HAND PLOWS, HAY

RAKES.

m 3£ CO 3Dm CO EMPIRE.

EMPIRE, JENNINGS BROTHE BSALEBS AND GONTBACTOBS.

lifeA# MAik#jfe# Everything in Our Line FIRST CLASS.

.A-Z-iI-.

2S:I2nTIDS op FRESH AND CURED MEATS IN SEASON.

empire.

| MM South St, cor Commercial, empire

ye 4 V Wholesale, and Dt alers in FARM MACHINERY.

Moline Wagons, Deerin^ Twine Binders, Buford Rock Island Plows, Quaker City Mowers, Eagle Hay Rakes, Single Reapers, Etc.

S^XjT Li^ipE CI1T, UT^lH.

P O- Box, 75 Send for Circulars and Prtce ListsARDY,ROS. & BURTON B (jti) EA WABBIOISB^ Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

thiei s^zlstt.^ fes eotttb.

From to 12 HOURS SAV3 Between Salt I^abe City and the 3Il*soiii'i.-. lver.viu the mm m Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

Ik $ DBNTBR; & BIO OB^lsrJDIE] IR/TT.

Elegant Pullman Sleeping Cars and Day Coaches.

Best Ra Iroad Dining Halls.

P.

.1. FLTNM, H.

F. WHITE, Gen. Ajfl-, Salt Lake City.

Gen. Pass. «fc T'U't Agt.,To!»oUn, Han.

S. V. DERKAII, Traveling Ajjent.

Dr. Seymour B. Yonng, pmicut Office and Residence, 4th East

St., he- r ween South Tcrnpla and 1st South Sts.

Great Variety.

All Select.

The Best and Cheapest in the Market.

JOHN READING, p.

,1, Kov Second Son ih Street 1884.

SEASON OF 1884.

1884.

<m ANNOUNCES A KULL SUPPLY OK Williams'Reapers and Mowers* Johnston Reapers and Mowers, Weir Sulky and Hand Plows and Harrows, Seeders,

Drills, Hay Rakes, Cultivators,.Horse Kay Forks^ etc.

Proprietor and Manufacturer of the ROSIER FiOTIHC MILL.

OFFICE AND YARO CORNER EAST OF THEATRE,

SALT I«AK«- t»TY.

h'JL ¥®®nM» L wm$w<$ WHOLESALE AND RETAIL 0FF2ES A FT7LL LIHS 07 General CQei^ghandiseJ WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CTTY »9 AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

JBW& YeUW Tip B8YJS'CIi6¥BIN6.

^CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK/ AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY. INK. ETC.

^Ji** ^1&*©«& ^ilaaaasa &ani ia-J<tetJ jfot Inid Qs/iienc/td G/u-j/c?/r<// (fitu/tavtna ate ///eehna t&iin ducec-ij evetnainetc.

&/ne (pnatavinaj ncce/n (Sfitamcci, coi/i on/// <S/tzta &l)c>lta?d.

J^lx/'ezal (2Dtdceu-?i6 €o enciac/tr G. zaenfo.

fcoG*biC$^^.::.

<e$o£*^ K.

11. OODDAUD.

JUNIUS iT. WELLS.

II.

J. UKAKT Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

Represent Mom© feat First Class Campaniles. ^*-~ Office:

Hooper ds IE ld.reol.gre Bloels, Salt Lake City.