Vour Subscription Kxpii-cs with this Number.

*ce I'ntspertus Inside KaiU Cover.

I'lvasv ttvnvw Imme&imtely.

Giather up jour iiumlicrs and lia.vc llictli IioiiimI.

I.

2—

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

vol.

v.

SEPTEMBER, 1SS4 *"« 12.

si?e DjfrjUBimm A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOKE LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS SAtT WKK CXTTtr, t'TAH,

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR SEPTEMBER, 1884.

PAGE History of the Book of Mormon.

American Editions.

European Editions.

Foreign Translations.

Biographical Items George Reynolds The Army.

II Richard W.

Young Architecture of Common Houses.

III.

Painting, Furnishing.... IV. S. Hedges

Legend of Montrose.

IV H. L. A. Culmer British Columbia Joseph H. Ward The Spirit of Jane Adair Augusta Joyce Crochcron...

Pinkerton, the Detective Phrenological Journal.

Life on the Indian Reservations.

Ill De Vallibus..

The Blarney-Stone Student -Life at Leipzig Youth's Companion Reflections in the Graveyard John Lyon Editorial:

Volume Six '.

"For the Truth's Sake."The Citadel of Gaeti The One Way H. W. Naisbitl Association Intelligence—Notice

Quarterly Conference—Emery. Stake

Use Valley Tan Remedies.

They are the Best.

f ORDER VOLUME FI BOUND.

The reserve issue of 500 copies will be bound by September 15th.

Orders for over half the issue have been received.

It will be a valuable volume* containing the

Steel Engraving u The Three Witnesses"and a splendid variety of reading matter,

PRICE OF THE VOLUME, $2.50.

POSTAG-B SO CENTS.

Address Contributor Office.

WALKER OPERA HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1019.

WHOI.KSA.LE AND RETAIL DEALKES IN

CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY,

Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Notions, Etc.

Rifle Cltitta sirpptfadl with Complete Outfits at Raosoitabfo Fctoea.

CO <53 J^> £.<nv< >.

=3f Cvi ct> Ci "^«.

«5^":• "v.- 0^ C5> Co c^ 2S i Co "^S^ <V f° Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our

Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is i&OO men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The floorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber^'used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work would require a week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a ainglo *irm in tho history of the world, nearly BO,GOO vobiolc*

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, c3^=7fo. 1287 First South Btreet W 5fabe ^fo^jS o^7 ^K)S f(|6 6i|oleesi of%e$$ ty Se^soi]

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA.^ r^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS jjSti Orders entrusted io our Care promptly CDelivered.

The J.

I. CASE Plow Co.'s Sulky and Walking PlowsPlanet Jr.Farm $ Garden implements.

J. I. Case Threshing j Hay Presses, Cider and MachmeCompany's ^^^^^^^^^^^ Cane Mills, EvapThreshers and ^<^ ^I::::^S^ ora*ors > Steel Horse Powers, J^^ «.

^^S Barb Fence saw Mills /yy Narrows aid wkntflfc xx wire, and Engines.

J/'fa v\ftSa f*Sg?9f« ^wlne Binders,WJS.

^rs aad Mowqtb, Droppers ana *»

WiHH.

Farm, Freight and Spring SOIXI 8ARRDW ANfi SHE Boss Sickle is rinders> Coates LockLever Hay Rakes, Wagon Stock, Hardwood L umber.

Scrapers, Tents, Harness, Grading Plows.

THOMAS 1 nUMtWRTS RASES.

G0NT&A670ffS'SUPPUE8.etc.

Ud&g tie Celebrated A.G-ITilTOBI Also their Sedan.

WASOHS Send for Price List to JOHN ¥. LOWELL COMPANY »AUT tAKB AMD Q€5&g», UTAH,

SALT LAKE CITY

and OCDEN, UTAH, OEICF.ttAX AGENT FOIt Sohuttler Farm and Freight Wagons

And Dealer in Open Buggies, Top Buggies and Phaetons, Spring!

Wagons and Road Carts.

A Largo Assortment which will lie COLD &T VEE7 LOW TTL1ZZZ.

HEADQTJA.R'TICFtS FOK Of all kinds, and having the Latest Improvements, among which are Iho following novelties:

lb Fousl Hay Loaisr, Iks Champion Hay fiictar and Hows?, Horse Hay Forks and Carriers, And the Celebrated Centrifugal Irrigating

Pump, Buckeye Reapers and Mowers,

Sweepstakes and Minnesota Chief

Threshers, Barbed Fence Wire, Dederick Hay Presses and Hoisting'Engines.* Steam Engines, Saw Mills, Flour Mill*, Wood Working Machinery of all kinds, Lefl'el Turbine Wheels, Knowles Pumps.

Caix and See them, or Wbith for 1 LI.UM'RATED Cl ItCULA lis.

F Great Clearance Sale.

4m % Summerf <fD 6^> &v> c Must Go Regardless of Cost.

We are offering POSITIVE! BARGAINS in Silks, French aud American Dress Gojds, While

Goods, Flannels, Ladies'Cloths, Ladies'and Children's Ho«6, Gloves,

Fans, Laces and Embroideries, MILLINERY GOODS OF EVERY KIND.

Ladies'Underwear, Corsefs, Parasols, Neckwear, Shoes, Slippers, Etc.

A Few Ladies'Winter Wraps and White and Colored Blankets, at Prices to pay you for anticipating the Season.

WHOLESALU BUYERS will find many Real Jobs in our Immense Stock.

WE AKE CTKVXIR U3ri>E«SOr.I>.

Established 1864.

Malt Orders Promptly Filled, F. AUERBACH & BRO.

AWARD SEBfiEE CO.

ALL SIZES, WITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS*

CH&IPIGI BE&PERS, H0WEB8, and COBD B1NB8BS.

Champion Front Cit Mror, Only Two Co?

Wheels, Lightest Draft, Strongest, and BEST FRONT CU1 MOWER MADE.

CHAMPJON CORD BINDER, as light in Weight and dratt as an ordinary Sol f-Raker,

Very.simple in construction, and guaranteed to do perfect work.

OLIVER CHILLED MD MOLINE STEEL PLOWS,

Barrows, Cultivators, Single and Double Shovel Plows,

Etc.

ftOSf\M flfHI iSlS l\l ftESflft Lightest Draft, Strongest and Best Working!»al»fif %S - W fan MIBhIV Sulky Plow made.

Can be used as an old ground R.iMilI \ Si i ft I HIbI « plow, or guaranteed to work well in the heaviest

MWWWB UttitlLflaB ILUIIUj sagebrush.

TIGER SELE-IDTTJVEP H^lY EAKE, The only perfeot Self-Dump Hay Rake made.

Triumph Improved Grain Drills and Broadcast Seeders.

foece F $eed;

Can be adjusted to Sow Wheat, Oats, Flax, Lucerne, etc.

Hardwood Wagon Material, The Lnrgest and Most Complete Stock ever in (he Territory. Hardwood Plunk of all sizes

Porter Iron Roofing, FIRK and LIGHTNING PROOF.

Cheapest and Best Hooting'made.

JVe have our Season's Supply on hand.

All received under Cut Rides of Breight.

Central House, Salt Lake City, Utah.

OGDEK, UTAH; SHOSHONE and CALDWELL, IDAHO.

ESTABLISHED 1874.

PIBST CLASS S"Cri r JVEade to Order.

PERFECT EIT GUARANTEED All Correspondence to a. o. w <ft ^^^ HERALD BUILDING.

WEST TEMPIiE STREET.

"We Carry JT-ull Lines o± FRENCH, ENGLISH, SCOTCH and DOMESTIC OOOIDS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. V.

SEPTEMBER, 1884.

No.

12.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

AMERICAN EDITIONS As we have already learned, the first edition of the Book of Mormon was published by the Prophet Joseph in 1830, he having, in the previous year, copyrighted the work in his own name in the clerk's office of the northern district of New York.

The printer was Mr. E. B.

Grandin, of Palmyra, who was paid three thousand dollars for the edition of five thousand copies.

The testimonies of the witnesses are at the end of the book instead of at the commencement as in later editions, while the following explanatory preface is found immediately following the title page:

"PREFACE.

"To the Reader.—As many false reports have been circulated respecting the following work, and also many unlawful measures taken by evil designing persons to destroy me, and also the work, I would inform you that I translated, by the gift and power of God, and caused to be written, one hundred and sixteen pages, the which I took from the Book of Lehi, which was an account abridged from the plates of Lehi, by the hand of Mormon; which said account, some person or persons have stolen and kept from me, notwithstanding my utmost exertions to recover it again—and being commanded of the Lord that I should not translate the same over again, for Satan had put it into their hearts to tempt the Lord their God, by altering the words, that they did read contrary from that which I translated and caused to be written; and if I should bring forth the same words again, or, in other words, if I should translate the same over again, they would publish that which they had stolen, and Satan would stir up the hearts of this generation, that they might not receive this work:

but behold, the Lord said unto me, I will not suffer that Satan shall accomplish his evil design in this thing:

therefore thou shalt translate from the plates of Nephi, until ye come to that which ye have translated, which ye have retained; and behold ye shall publish it as the record of Nephi;

and thus I will confound those who have altered my words.

I will not suffer that they shall destroy my work;

yea, I will show unto them that my wisdom is greater than the cunning of the Devil.

Wherefore, to be obedient unto the commandments of God, I have, through His grace and mercy, accomplished that which He hath commanded me respecting this thing.

I would also inform you that the plates of which hath been spoken, were found in the township of Manchester, Ontario County, New York."

The second edition was published in Kirtland, by P. P. Pratt and E. S. Goodin, and the third in Nauvoo, by Robinson and Smith in 1840.

This edition was printed from stereotype plates manufactured by Shepard and Stearns, of Cincinnati, Ohio.

On its title page is the statement that it has been "carefully revised by the translator."

Since the arrival of the Church in the valleys of Utah, a large number of copies of this sacred record have been struck from the stereotype plates by the Deseret

News Printing establishment*; and more recently from the electrotype plates of the edition which was divided into chapters and verses by the late Apostle Orson Pratt. When these plates were prepared in London, they were cast in duplicate, one set was retained at the Church office in Liverpool, and the other was forwarded to this city.

• The first Utah edition (2,500 copies) was printed July, 1871;

since then twelve other editions, in all about 40,000 copies, have been published by the Deseret News office.

HISTORY OF THE JiOOK OF MORMON.

The "Reorganized Church"has also published editions, and has lately had a committee of its officers examine the manuscript in the hands of David Whitmer; when they carefully compared that document with various printed editions and noted the differences in the text.

We also learn that still another edition has been published, this one in New York for Russell Huntley and Zadoc Brooks, in the interest of what some have been pleased to style "the Brooks faction of the Church."It was issued about 1856.

There is likewise a Gentile edition,also published in New York.

It is prefaced by a garbled history of the coming forth of the work.gathered from various anti-Mormon publications, and giving the Spaulding theory as the true origin of the book.

EUROPEAN EDITIONS.

The first European edition of the Book of Mormon was published in Manchester,

England, 1S40.

In the issue of the Millennial Star, for February of that year, its editor, Elder P. P. Pratt, makes the following remarks:

"Book of Mormon.—

This long looked for work is now out of press.

The European edition consists of five thousand copies, which we humbly trust will so far supply the public that they will now be able to peruse for themselves a work which has been so grossly misrepresented; and which is in reality of more value to them than all the gold and silver of England.

What heart can be so indifferent as not to wish to peruse the record of half a world?

Bringing to light God's dealings with them, together with their history of the past, and their prophesies of the future.

I repeat the declaration, strange as it may seem, that a knowledge of the things contained in this record is of more value to every one of them than the gold and silver of Europe."

The second edition, was published by

Elder Orson Pratt, at Liverpool, in 1849;

the third, which was stereotyped, by Elder F. D. Richards, at Liverpool in 1852, the fourth, also stereotyped, "For

Orson Pratt by Samuel W. Richards,"Liverpool, 1854;

the fifth, stereotyped, F. D. Richards, Liverpool, 1854.

Some short time before his death President Brigham Young appointed Elder Orson Pratt to rearrange the divisions of the Book of Mormon, so far as chapters and paragraphs were concerned.

This Brother Pratt did by shortening the chapters, and of course, as a result, increasing their number; the lengthy paragraphs of the old edition were also cut up into verses, of a length much the same as those in the Bible.

The following statement shows the comparative number of chapters in each book, in both the old and the new style:

Old.

New.

I Nephi, II Nephi, Jacob, Enos, Jarom, Omni, Words of Mormon, Mosiah, Alma, Helaman, III Nephi, IV Nephi, Mormon, Ether, Moroni, In 1878 Elder Pratt went to England* and superintended the work of getting out the new edition.

The electrotype plates were made in London, and the first edition was printed at the Church office in Liverpool, and 2000 copies published the next year (1879) by Elder Wm.

Budge, at that time the President of the

British Mission. A second edition was issued from the same office in 18S1, and another in 1883.

These editions, besides being divided into chapters and verses, by Brother Pratt, are also supplied with copious footnotes and references arranged by him, or by other Elders under his direction.

It was at first intended to publish these editions in Pitman's phonetics, and a font of Phonetic type was purchased by the Liverpool office for that purpose, but after the death of President Young that idea was abandoned.

Nor must we omit from our list of edi- * He arrived at Liverpool December 21st.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

tions that prepared by Elder Orson Pratt, in the Deseret Alphabet, and published for the Deseret University by Russell Brothers, of New York, in 1869.

It is a much larger book than the editions printed in the ordinary type, owing to the size of the Deseret characters.

On the fly leaf facing the title page is a table showing the sounds or value of each character, otherwise the edition is identical with the one in use at that time.

This edition was also bound in parts, with the intention that these parts should be used as school books, an expectation that was never realized beyond a very limited extent.

FOREIGN TRANSLATIONS.

The Book of Mormon has been translated into the French, Italian, Spanish,

German, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Welsh,

Hindostanee and Hawaiian languages.

We have also heard it asserted that it was published in the Russian tongue in New York, in 1872.

Of this we know nothing except that if this be true it was not done by the authority of the Church.

In the latter part of October, 1849, a number of missionaries started from the valley of the Great Salt Lake.

The mission of several of these brethren is intimately associated with the history of the

Book of Mormon, for through their labors and under their watchcare and presidency, the first translations of this sacred record were made into what Englishspeaking people call foreign languages.

These Elders were John Taylor, Lorenzo

Snow, Erastus Snow and Franklin D.

Richards, of the Twelve Apostles, and the languages into which the book was very shortly afterwards translated are the French, Italian, German, Danish and

Welsh.

The Danish edition {Mormons Bog) of 3000 copies was published by Elder Erastus Snow, at Copenhagen, Denmark, in

May, 1S51, it being the first edition of the book in any other than the English language.

It has a somewhat lengthy preface or introduction, of course in the Danish tongue, signed by that Apostle.

In 1881 an edition of the new style, divided into chapters and verses, was issued at Copenhagen.

The Italian edition {11 Libro de Mormon) was gotten out under the supervision of Apostle Lorenzo Snow, who held the presidency of the mission in Switzerland and Italy.

It was published in London, England in 1852.

The Welsh edition {Llyfr Mormon) was published in Merthyr Tydfil, in 1852, as directed by Apostle F. D. Richards the president of the British Mission.

The principal work of translation was done by Elder John Davis, afterwards better known as Elder John S. Davis, of

Salt Lake City, (now deceased.) The testimonies of the witnesses are preceeded by a short article or preface, addressed to the Welsh readers of the book, dated Merthyr Tydfil, April 6, 1852, and signed by Elder W. S. Phillips,

John Davis and Thomas Pugh, who were then, if we mistake not, the presidents of the Welsh Mission.

The French edition {Le Livre de Mormon), was also published in 1852.

From its title page we learn that it was "translated from the English by John Taylor and Curtis E. Bolton,"and published by

President John Taylor, at Paris, from stereotype plates.

The German edition, {Das Buck Mormon), was also published that same year at Hamburg, under the direct supervision of President John Taylor.

Its title page informs us that it was translated "by John Taylor and G. Parker Dykes."

This issue was also stereotyped, and a second edition was published from the plates at

Bern, Switzerland, in 1S73.

The Dutch translation was made by Elder Paul A. Schettler, in the city of Amsterdam, while he was on a mission to Holland. He commenced the work of translation on September 24th, 1861, and finished July 19th, 1862.

This translation has never been published, and the manuscript is understood to be now in Holland.

We condense from "My First Mission"

President George Q. Cannon's interesting account of the translation of the book into the language of the Sandwich

Islanders.

He writes:

"The conversations which I had with the natives concerning the Book of Mormon and the origin of the Red Men, made them

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

anxious to see it; and I was led to commence its translation into the language of the Islands—the Hawaiian language, as it is called.

My place of residence was at Brother J. H. Napela's, Wailuku.

He was an educated, intelligent Hawaiian, who thoroughly understood his own language, and could give me the exact meaning of words.

Probably but few in the nation were as well qualified as Brother Napela to help me in this respect.

He was a descendant of the old chiefs of the island of Maui, in whose families the language was preserved and spoken in its greatest purity.

In the last days of the month of January, 1851, I commenced the work of translation.

The time occupied by me in this labor were the days and hours which were not claimed by other duties.

The translation was finished on July 22d, 1S53—about two years and a half from the time I commenced it.

But it was not •until the 27th of the succeeding September that we completed the revision.

"In December, 1S53, I visited Kauai, the extreme westerly island, which is inhabited, of the group.

I had a double purpose in visiting this island—to visit the Saints and bear testimony to all the people concerning the work, and to again revise the translation of the Book of Mormon.

There was a native Elder laboring in the ministry with Elder William Farrer at that time on the island, by the name of Kauwahi, a man of acute intellect and talent and good education, and who was. called the most eloquent and best reasoner in the Hawaiian na.

tion.

I was desirous to have him and Brother Farrer go through the translation with me, to see that no word had been omitted, and to correct any inaccuracies which might have escaped my previous reading.

We commenced this revision at the town of Waimea, the farthest inhabited point west on the Sandwich Islands, on the 24th of December, 1853, a°d finished it on the last day of January, 1854."President Cannon returned home before the book was published.

He remained in Utah less than six months when he was called to take a mission to California, to publish the Book of Mormon in the Hawaiian language, and assist Elder P. P. Pratt in the publication of a newspaper.

Brother Pratt, however, went home, while Brother Cannon established his office in San Francisco.

There, assisted by Elders Joseph Bull and Matthew F. Wilkie, he printed and published (2,500 copies) the record of the house of Lehi in the language of this branch of that Prophet's posterity.

When the edition was bound it was sent to the Elders on the Islands, and has been a powerful agent in the spread of the Gospel amongst that people.

It is called Ka Buke A Moramona, and contains a preface written by Brother

Cannon.

The translation into Hindostanee was made by a learned native gentleman under the supervision of Elder James P.

Meik, of Calcutta, but it has never been published in that tongue.

The manuscript, which is in book form, bound in half calf, and very beautifully written, is now in the President's office, Salt Lake City; the writing, like that of Hebrew and many other oriental languages, runs what we should call backwards, and the commencement of the record is where we should look for the end.

Elder A. W. Carlson furnishes us the following succinct account of the publication of the Swedish translation {Mormons Bok).

"In the year 1S77, Elder O. N. Liljenquist, who was then the President of the

Scandinavian mission, seeing the steady increase of the Church in Sweden, desired the Book of Mormon published in that language, and he called Elder

J. C.

Sandberg, who was laboring in Sweden at the time, to assist him in the work;

but Brother Sandberg was soon after released to return home and nothing was done in the matter till the following winter.

It then fell to my lot to take the matter in hand, having been called by President Brigham Young, August 16, 1877, on a special mission to translate and publish the Book of Mormon into the Swedish language.

My instructions were to publish the work uniform with j the new English edition, which was then

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

being prepared for publication by Elder

Orson Pratt in Liverpool.

I left New York on the 28th of August, the day before

President Young's death, and on my arrival in Liverpool I learned that Brother Orson Pratt was requested to return home in company with President

Joseph F. Smith, in consequence of the death of President Young, and the publishing of the new English edition had to be postponed.

As I had been depending upon the advanced sheets of this edition to translate from, and it was uncertain when it would be published, Brother Pratt kindly lent me one of his books, which was already marked in chapters and verses, and to be sure of having it uniform with the one he was going to use, the two were carefully compared, in which work I had the valuable aid of Brother Pratt as long as his time allowed, and of Brother Franklin S. Richards for the remainder.

The marginal notes and references being too voluminous to copy in the limited time at my disposal, they were left in Liverpool, subject to instructions from the Council of the Twelve.

"On my arrival in Copenhagen, a month after leaving New York, Brother

Liljenquist needed my services in publishing the North Star, which had been running behind since Brother Sandberg's release, and there were many other things connected with the mission that needed immediate attention, so that I could not commence my labors on the

Book of Mormon till January, 187S, when

Elder N.

C. Flygare arrived and took charge of the mission.

I then could give my attention to the book, and soon commenced the work in earnest.

The people having expected it for a year, many who were making preparations to emigrate, were anxious to have it before they left, or have it sent to them by the last emigration that year.

It was decided to publish a portion of the edition in pamphlet form of sixty-four pages to subscribers, and to commence printing as soon as the translation was enough advanced to keep the printer supplied.

The first number was published in March, 1878, and the eleventh and last in August the same year, when quite a number of copies were bound and sold; the whole edition numbering four thousand copies.

To get the work done in so short a time would have been impossible without the able assistance of President Flygare, who carefully compared with me the translation and the English copy, as also the first proof sheets.

The book contains six hundred and seventy-six pages, exclusive of the index.

It is printed on good paper, in plain,'new type, divided in chapters and verses, but without marginal notes, which have been reserved for some future edition, in accordance with instructions from the

First Presidency."A few years ago (1876) a portion of the

Book of Mormon was published in the Spanish language under the name of Trozos Selectos del libro de Mormon, or "Selections from the Book of Mormon."

This was done under the direction of Elder Daniel W. Jones, and taken by him and his fellow-missionaries into Mexico on the occasion of their going to that country.

Last November a revision of the translation of the whole book was commenced at Logan, under the supervision of Apostle Moses Thatcher, the brethren engaged in the work being Elders M. G. Trejo and J.

Z. Stewart, who have completed their work and it is now ready for the printer.

BIOGRAPHICAL ITEMS.

In conclusion a few items may not be uninteresting with regard to the persona history of the three witnesses.

We wil commence with the living.

David Whitmer, was born at a smal trading post, near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, in 1805.

When David was four years old, his father and family moved to the State of New York, and settled at

Fayette, Seneca County.

He lived in that place until he was twenty- six.

He first saw Joseph Smith in Harmony, Pennsylvania, as already related.

He was baptized by the Prophet Joseph in Seneca Lake in June, 1829, at the same time as his brother John, and Hyrum Smith.

He was ordained an apostle by Joseph Smith, shortly after Joseph and Oliver had been ordained to that priest-

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

hood under the hands of Peter, James and John.

During the troubles in Missouri he became disaffected, opposed the Prophet, and ceased to magnify his calling as a Latter-day Saint, and was cut off the Church at Far West, April 13th, 1838.

A detailed account of the charges brought against him can be found in the "History of Joseph Smith,"under that date.

Since then he has never sought to be re-admitted into the

Church, but has an ecclesiastical organization of his own, which claims to be governed by the Bible and Book of Mormon, but rejecting many principles and revelations accepted by the true Church.

Of Oliver Cowdery's birth and parentage the writer of these papers has no record.

His association with the Prophet in the translation of the Book of Mormon has already been given in detail.

He received the Aaronic Priesthood with Joseph under the hands of John the Baptist, May 15, 1829, and on the same day was baptized by the Prophet.

With him he was ordained to the higher Priesthood under the hands of Peter, James, and John; and on the organization of the Church (April 6, 1830) was accepted as its second Elder.

For a considerable period he was recognized as one of the Presidency of the Church, but by degrees fell into transgression, and many charges were laid against him which can be found in the "History of Joseph Smith."He was severed from the communion of the Saints at Far West, April 12th, 1838, and remained out of the Churcn until 1S49, when he was re-baptized. He died at Richmond, Ray

County, Missouri, March 3d, 1850.

The following statement regarding the last days of Oliver Cowdery will undoubtedly be of interest to the readers of the Contributor:

"Statement by S. W. Richards.—The arrival of Oliver Cowdery and his family at Council Bluffs from the east in the winter of 1848-9 was an interesting event in the history of the Church.

That which relates to his renewal of covenant, etc., at that time and place, by rebaptism, is no doubt a matter of record to which you have access.

With his family, he was on his way to the body of the Church located in Utah, but as some time must elapse before emigrant trains could venture upon the plains, he determined to visit his wife's friends, the Whitmers, in Missouri.

"While making that journey, a severe snow storm made it convenient for his family to spend several days with Elder Samuel W. Richards and family, who were temporarily residing in upper

Missouri, awaiting the opening of the emigration season.

That favorable opportunity was made the most of to discuss all matters of interest connected with the early history of the Church, with which Elder Cowdery was personally acquainted and Elder Richards was not.

"His relation of events was of no ordinary character, maintaining unequivocally all those written testimonies he had furnished to the Church and world in earlier days.

Moroni, Peter, James and John, and other heavenly messengers, who had ministered to him in connection with the Prophet Joseph

Smith, were familiarly but sacredly spoken of, and all seemed fresh upon the memory as though but events of yesterday.

His language was considerate, precise and forcible—entirely free from lightness or frivolity—such as might be expected from one who had been schooled with angels and taught by Prophets; more of the heavenly than the earthly.

"His only ambition seemed to be to give himself and the remainder of his life to the Church;

declared he was ready and willing, if desired, to go to the nations of the earth and bear his testimony of that which God and angels had revealed—a testimony in his personal experience of many things which no other living person could bear.

His hopes were buoyant that such might be his future lot as cast with the Church, in the body of which he declared the Priesthood and its authority were and must continue to be.

An overruling Providence saw fit to order otherwise.

Soon after arriving among his relatives in Missouri, he was taken sick and died,

THE ARMY.

in full faith and fellowship of the latterday work, desiring the world might know that his testimony was of God."

Martin Harris was horn May 18, 17S3, in East- town, Saratoga County, New York, whence he moved to Palmyra, where he became acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith.

His labors, generosity and errors connected with the publication of the Book of Mormon, have already been narrated in these chapters, as also the details of his important visit to Professor Anthon.

"When, by the commandment of the

Lord, the Church was organized in April, 1830, Martin Harris was among the first to identify himself with the baptized Saints.

When Jackson County, Missouri, in 1831, was designated as a gathering place for the Saints, as the land upon which the New Jerusalem should be built, and where a full consecration of -all properties should be required, and the holy United Order of God should be established, Martin Harris was the first one called of God by name to set an example before the Church in laying his money before the Bishop.

Notwithstanding these great favors shown to this remarkable man, he had, like all of Adam's race, his imperfections.

He did not follow up his brethren in all their persecutions in the States of Missouri and Illinois, but remained for many years in Ohio."He paid a visit to England, many years ago, and though he was "at outs"with the Prophet and people, he never wavered in his testimony to the truth of the Book of Mormon.

In 1870 he came to Utah (being cared for on his journey by Elder Edward Stevenson), and took up his residence with his relatives at Clarkston, Cache County, where he died

July 10, 1875.

George Reynolds.

THE ARMY.

The United States army is divided into two distinct parts, the staff and the line.

The staff comprises various departments and the line various arms.

The lieutenant-general of the army has command, under the President, over both branches of the service His personal staff is composed of the heads of the various staff departments, each of whom has the rank of brigadier-general, together with four officers selected by himself as aides-de-camp, and who rank, during such duty, as lieutenant-colonels.

Since the retirement of General Sherman, last winter, Lieutenant-General Sheridan has been in command of the army. A bill is now pending in Congress for the appointment of Sheridan to the grade of general, and Hancock to that of lieutenant-general.

Geographically, the United States is divided into three military divisions: that of the Atlantic, commanded by MajorGeneral Hancock; that of the Missouri, commanded by Major-General Schofield;

and that of the Pacific, under the command of Major-General Pope.

The division of the Atlantic is subdivided into the departments of the south and east, both of which, as well as the division, are under the command of

General Hancock.

The Division of the Missouri comprises the departments of the Platte, under Brigadier-General O. O. Howard;

of Dakota, under Brigadier-General A.

H. Terry; of the Missouri, under Brigadier-General C.

C.

Augur;

and of Texas, under Brigadier-General D.

S.

Stanley.

The Division of the Pacific contains the departments of the Columbia, under

Brigadier-General N. A.

Miles;

of Arizona, under Brigadier-General

George Crook;

and of California, under the command of the general of the Division.

The Staff departments of the army are, first, the adjutant-generals, now commanded by Adjutant-General R.

C.

Drum, with the rank of brigadier-general.

Under him are^two colonels, four lieu-

THE ARMY.

tenant-colonels, and ten majors.

These officers are either at Washington assisting the adjutant-general, or are stationed at the headquarters of divisions and departments as members of the staffs of the commanding generals.

Their duties are to attend to the transaction of business at headquarters.

All orders issued to the respective commands of the general officers they are serving with, are issued, "By command of Gen.

, etc,"and signed "Assistant Adjutant General."Second, the Bureau of Military Justice and the Corps of Judge-Advocates;

of which the Judge-Advocate-General David G. Swaim is the head.

There are four judge-advocates in this department, all with the rank of major; such, at least, was the personnel of this corps, until a recent law of Congress making some changes therein.

These officers, as the officers of all staff departments, are at headquarters of the various divisions and departments.

Their duties are of course to attend to all law matters which come up for attention under their jurisdiction.

Officers are occasionally, and soldiers are very frequently courtmartialed;

it is the duty of the judgeadvocates of a department, for instance, to see that the charges against the offender are so framed that technicalities cannot be pleaded for the effectual discharge of the guilty party.

It is likewise their duty to review the proceedings of all courts-martial for the purpose of seeing that full justice has been accorded the accused.

A word on the subject of courts-martial.

There are two courts-martial;

the garrison and the general.

The former is convened by the commanding officer of a post, and is for the trial of such offences as may be adequately punished by a month's imprisonment, or the forfeiture of a month's pay.

If in the opinion of the commanding officer of a post, such a punishment would be too light, the charges are sent forward to department headquarters, with the recommendation that the offender may be brought to trial before a general court, which may inflict punishment for any offense, no matter how serious.

A garrison court must have three members and a judge-advocate; the latter being usually an officer of any branch of the service, temporarily assigned to this position;

his duties are to bring before the court all of the evidence, both for and against the prisoner.

A general court is composed of at least five members and a judge-advocate.

Commissioned officers can only be tried by general courts.

The offense commonly before a garrison court is drunkenness;

that before a general court is desertion;

the former would be punished by a fine of from five to fifteen dollars, with, in some cases, confinement at. hard labor for a few days; the latter offence, in time of peace, is punishable with imprisonment in the military prison at Fort Leavenworth, for a period of three years in case of capture, or two years in case of surrender, although the sentences are not uniform for this offence.

The Inspector- General's department, under the command, at present, of Brigadier-General D. B. Sackett, is composed of the inspector-general, one colonel, two lieutenant-colonels, and a major; however, there is at every general headquarters an officer detailed, either from this department or some other branch of the service, to act as inspector-general of the division or department.

The name indicates the duties of the officers of this department;

they inspect the troops personally, then drills, their quarters;

the posts, the accounts, the quartermaster's stores, in fact everything, and report thereon to their superiors.

The Quartermaster's department is much larger than either of the others considered. The present quartermastergeneral is Samuel B. Holabird.

He is assisted by four colonels, eight lieutenant-colonels, fourteen majors, and twenty-nine or thirty captains.

These officers attend to the purchase and distribution of clothing, to the erection and care of quarters, to the making of roads, etc., to the transportation of troops and supplies, to the purchase and feeding of horses—in fact, they

THE ARMY.

supply everything required by the army, except food, arms and ammunition.

Brigadier-General Robert Macfeely is the commissary-general of subsistence.

There are twenty-five officers in this department, whose duty is to feed the army.

Officers and soldiers are, by an enactment of the last Congress, permitted to buy provisions from the commissary at cost price;

formerly, ten per cent, was added.

The Medical department, under Surgeon-General Robert Murray, comprises one brigadier-general, six colonels, ten lieutenant-colonels, fifty majors, eighty captains, and thirty first lieutenants.

Every post has a medical officer; some have several, depending on the size of the garrison.

Medical treatment and the necessary medicines are furnished to officers and men without charge.

Every post has a hospital with excellent accommodations for the sick; every hospital has a full line of drugs, under the hospital steward, who is an enlisted man, and a thorough prescription clerk.

The officers of the departments previously considered are appointed by the President, and were originally officers in the line of the army, or were selected from civilian life.

The only entrance to the medical branch of the service is by way of an examining board;

the rank is at first that of first lieutenant;

a captaincy is given by law after five years'service.

The Pay Department is commanded by Brigadier- General William B. Rochester, who is assisted by some fifty officers of the rank of major and above.

The Corps of Engineers is commanded by Brigadier-General John Newton.

Below him are six colonels, twelve lieutenant-colonels, twenty-four majors, about thirty captains, as many first lieutenants, and six second lieutenants.

There are, also, in this department, six companies of troops, forming the Engineer Battalion.

Five of these companies are at Willets Point, New York Harbor, this being a school of instruction for engineers, and the place where experiments for the improvement of torpedoes are being constantly made.

The other company is at the Military Academy.

The duties of the officers of this department are, in times of peace, the improvement of harbors and rivers;

in times of war, the construction of roads and bridges, and the laying out of earthworks and fortifications.

The only entrance to this corps is through the Military Academy; those cadets alone, who, by special aptitude and the excellence of their records, receive the recommendation of the Academic Board, being appointed.

The Ordnance Department is under the command of the Chief of Ordnance,

Brigadier-General Stephen V. Ben^t.

In this department are some fifty-five officers. Their duties are to superintend the manufacture of arms and ammunition;

to make experiments for the improvement of these.

The Signal Corps is under the command of the Chief Signal

Officer, Brigadier-General William

B. Hazen.

He is assisted by a corps of second lieutenants and sergeants.

To keep track of storms and post the people upon weather probabilities is their occupation in peace times;

in times of war, they would probably attend to this duty as far as possible, while paying more particular attention to communications between armies in the field, both by means of telegraphy and the use of flags and mirrors.

There are twenty-eight post chaplains in the service, distributed as far as possible throughout the army.

The staff departments are auxiliary to the line; a fact often lost sight of by the former.

It is a favorite remark on the part of line officers that the army is dwindled into two parts—the oppressors and the oppressed.

The former designating the staff, on account of their greater rank as a rule, with wiiich, of course, go better quarters and better pay; and their more pleasant duties.

There are ten regiments of cavalry, five artillery, and twenty-five of infantry in the United States service.

Each of these regiments is commanded by a colonel, each, also, has one lieutenantcolonel.

The cavalry and artillery regiments have each three majors and twelve

45Q THE ARMY.

captains;

the infantry having but one major and ten captains.

A cavalry regiment has fourteen first lieutenants; there being one for each troop or company, and a regimental adjutant and a regimental quartermaster of this rank, but not assigned to any troop.

An artillery regiment has twenty-six first lieutenants, one regimental adjutant, one regimental quartermaster, and two first lieutenants to each battery or company.

An infantry regiment has twelve first lieutenants, one for each company and two on the regimental staff, as before.

The second lieutenants number in the cavalry, one for each troop;

in the artillery, one for each battery;

in the infantry, one for each company.

In field operations, regiments of cavalry and artillery are divided into three battalions of four companies «ach, each under the command of the major; while the infantry is divided into two wings of five companies each; the lieutenant-colonel commanding the right wing; the major, the left.

Of non-commissioned officers, each regiment has a sergeant-major and quartermaster-seigeant.

Every company, troop and battery has one first sergeant, four sergeants and four corporals, and a sufficient number of privates to make the total strength of privates and noncommissioned officers, in each company, from forty to fifty.

The cavalry are armed with sabres, carbines and revolvers;

the infantry with Springfield rifles, while the artillery are, in times of peace, armed as follows: ten companies with Springfield rifles—they are, however, not only drilled in the manual of the small arm, but are taught the service of the heavy guns and mortars now in use in our forts and sea coast and river defences;

two of the companies are equipped as light or horse batteries, each with six guns.

The cavalry is entirely in the divisions of the Missouri and the Pacific;

none being found in that of the Atlantic. The infantry is likewise chiefly in the west;

the artillery, with the exception of some of the light batteries, being along the sea coasts, near the great cities, for the protection of harbors.

Two of the cavalry regiments, the Ninth and Tenth, and two of the infantry regiments, the Twenty-fourth and

Twenty-fifth, are composed of colored troops, the commissioned officers being white.

The professors and cadets of the military academy are a part of the army.

Each member of the United States House of Representatives is authorized to keep one cadet at the academy at all times; the President appoints ten in four years.

The professors at the academy are as a rule permanently appointed to their various departments.

Each department has an assistant professor, with the temporary rank of captain, and a sufficient number of instructors;

all of whom are officers of either ordnance, of engineers, of the cavalry, artillery or infantry, and are selected for special fitness.

They cannot remain at the academy longer than four years.

By law, every officer upon reaching the age of sixty- four years is retired at once from active service;

provision is likewise made for the retiring of officers disabled in the service, and for the retiring of those who have served long without reaching the age of sixty-four.

An officer, upon retirement, is relieved from all duty;

his pay is three quarters of his pay at the time of retiring.

An idea of the pay of the army may be gained from the following:

that of a second lieutenant is either $1,400 or $1,500, depending upon the branch of the service;

that of a colonel is $3,500;

that of a lieutenant-general $11,000.

In addition, quarters are given as well as fuel at slightly cheaper figures than prevails in the market; and the privilege of buying groceries at cost.

Ten per cent, is added to an officer's pay every five years, until the forty per cent, is reached;

this does not apply to general officers.

The pay of the private soldier consists of his board, lodging, clothing, and a payment of cash which increases from thirteen dollars per month to sixteen during the first enlistment of five years, which is eighteen during the second enlistment, and which continues to increase during length of service.

Careful sol-

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

diers also save clothing money.

The pay of the non-commissioned officer is, for the first year's service, fifteen for a corporal, seventeen for a sergeant, twenty-two for a first sergeant, twenty-three for a sergeant-major, and higher figures for hospital stewards, ordnance sergeants, etc.

The strength of the army is now about twenty-five thousand.

The adjutant-general of the army estimates the fighting force of the United States at six million seven hundred thousand.

Many of these men have seen much service;

to-day large armies could be formed from the veterans of the late war, which for experience the world could not duplicate.

Thirty officers are serving with various colleges throughout the United

States, for the purpose of instructing their pupils in the art of war.

Richard IV. young.

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

in.

TAINTING.

The principal object in painting should be to protect and preserve the materials used in construction, as also to give a good appearance.

All exterior woodwork, though executed with the greatest care and in the most substantial manner, if left exposed to climatic influence, is very soon destroyed.

It is economy to use only the best lead and linseed oil, in painting exterior woodwork.

They will outlast all other compounds, present a better appearance, and in the end furnish a much better foundation for future painting.

The first coat or "prime"should be put on with the greatest care, so as to thoroughly cover and close all the pores in the exposed surface.

All windows and outside door frames, window caps, etc., should be primed before setting, especially their edges, where joinings require to be made, as it will be the last opportunity to do justice to these parts, where moisture is liable to collect and remain.

Autumn is the best season to paint, after the extreme heat has passed, and insects have disappeared; the process of drying will be slower, and more perfect, with less waste by evaporation, leaving a smooth, solid surface.

For the outside painting of houses, quiet neutral tints should be chosen.

The various shades of fawn, drab, gray and brown are all very suitable.

All the positive colors, such as red, yellow, blue, green, black and white should always be avoided.

Nothing can be in worse taste than the very common practice of painting houses white.

The color is glaring and disagreeable to the eye, when presented in large masses;

it makes a house an obtrusive and too conspicuous object to the landscape;

it does not harmonize with the hues of nature—standing as it were, harshly apart from all the soft shades of the scene.

Use any other color rather than white.

Red, another glaring and disagreeable color is a common one for country houses.

It is scarcely less offensive to the eye than white.

A quiet fawn color or drab and a warm gray that is, a gray mixed with a very little red and some yellow—are the safest colors to recommend for general use.

The browns and dark grays are suitable for stables and outbuildings. To produce the best effect, several tints or shades of color should be used in painting the exterior of a house; and it is important that they be judiciously chosen and combined.

If the color selected for the main walls be light, the facings of the windows, the roof trimmings, verandahs, etc., may appropriately be a shade of a darker color, and if the prevailing color of the buildiny be dark, a lighter shade should be applied to the trimmings.

Painting chimneys, and brick-work generally, should be avoided.

There is not the excuse for such treatment that exists in buildings of wood, where paint is necessary for their preservation.

Brick is an honest material, and when of

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

good color, appears well.

Paint, when not used as a protection, has the appearance of covering up defects.

In the painting of the interior of our houses, a much wider field is open to us, and when proper care and study is taken, the painting has a great deal to do with the cheerfulness of our rooms.

Now, in order to promote beauty and taste, it would be well to establish among the first principles the theory of complementary colors. We know almost instinctively that blue will not harmonize with green, and red will;

but the theory upon which this is based is but vaguely understood.

Natural philosophy teaches us that white is the reflection of all colors;

that is, that all the combined primary colors produce it.

It is the general impression that there are seven primary colors, viz.: those seen in the rainbow; whereas, in reality there are but three—blue, red and yellow.

Green, orange and purple, are secondary colors, produced by mixing the primaries.

Thus blue and yellow make green; red and yellow produce orange, and blue and red, purple.

A knowledge, also, of the quantities in which these colors may be made to harmonize is requisite.

The whole art lies in combining them in proportion which produces white.

These in the primaries are five of red, three of yellow, and eight of blue;

in the secondaries, thirteen of purple, eleven of green, and eight of orange.

A primary color say red—placed contiguous to the secondary green, which is its complementary, and arranged in proper proportion, produces the harmony required.

It is also a fact, in looking at any color, its complementary is reflected.

Thus, green reflects red, and when two colors are placed in juxtaposition, both become more intense, whereby richness of effect is produced.

To complete the formula, blue and orange, also yellow and purple, are harmonious;

for in each case, when mixed in the right proportions, all the colors producing white are present.

By certain combinations, color may have an enlivening or depressing effect.

For example, bluejs a'cold, quieting color, while red is warm and exciting.

Each affects the mind in a different manner.

Again, prominence or subordination may be given by their employment. For instance, blue produces the effect of distance, and if placed upon the ceiling causes it to appear higher, or, if in a recess, will deepen it.

Yellow, on the contrary, appears to advance towards the eye; and, if used upon the ceiling, will seem to lower it; or if upon a projecting moulding, will exaggerate its prominence.

Red, on the other hand, is the only color that seems to be stationary.

Different rooms of the house require different treatment in the colors, to correspond with the use of the room.

A whitewashed wall is best for the kitchen, as it is pure and sweet, and can so easily be freshly whitewashed whenever it is soiled.

The whitewash can be colored if a tint is desired.

This makes a prettier wall, but has its disadvantage that, whenever any place becomes soiled, a whitewasher must be called in to repair the mischief, whereas the ordinary whitewash can be put on by anybody sufficiently well for the purpose.

Painted wood work in a kitchen is not desirable;

it soon looks dirty, unless washed very frequently with soap, which process soon wears off the paint in spots.

The wood if left in its native state, requires a great deal of hard scrubbing, but if oiled and varnished, or simply oiled, will keep clean a long time, and can be easily and quickly wiped off with a little water.

Dark walls should be avoided as much as possible, and when they are used, let them be in rooms less frequented than any other.

FURNISHING.

The kitchen should be the first room furnished, then the dining room, next the bedrooms and halls; and lastly the parlor.

This is the order of importance, because eating is absolutely necessary to existence, and refreshing sleep is also necessary, while one might live to a healthy old age,without a parlor. The dining room will answer for the purpose of a parlor in cases of necessity, but this arrangement is not desirable, and is not recom-

ARCHITECTURE OE- COMMON HOUSES.

mended where there are means to furnish a separate room.

But do not have a poorly furnished kitchen and a meagre dining room or an uncomfortable bed for the sake of a parlor.

In the furnishing of the kitchen, great care must be taken to secure the best implements, for the class of work to be done.

The furniture of this room need not be elaborate, and, in fact, the plainer the better.

If the flooring is smoothly and evenly laid, the cleanest and least troublesome method of treating it is to oil it well two or three times a year.

It does not soil easily then, and when soiled, can be washed readily, and without scrubbing.

But we are far from commending the use of bare floors, that are neither stained or oiled.

These require too much soap and sand scrubbing.

They suggest tired backs, and weary arms, and aching knees.

Everything should be arranged as far as possible to avoid scrubbing.

Oil cloth is generally preferred for kitchen floors, but it is costly, when good, and no other is worth putting down in a room where it will be so hardly used.

Within a few years a new article has been manufactured that bids fair to take the place of oil cloth.

It is called linoleum, and is made of cork and india rubber, put upon a canvas back like the oil cloth.

It is pleasanter under the feet than oil cloth, and is more durable, and is thought by those who have used both, to be superior in every respect.

Carpets are not suitable for kitchens, not being cleanly enough, and they are troublesome to manage, as they have to be shaken so often.

If, however, )Ou choose to cover your kitchen floor with a carpet, rag is the best, because it is thick and heavy.

A cupboard is indispensable in a kitchen, and no other piece of furniture can be made as useful.

If you have one made under your own direction, let it be large enough for two wide closets below, and three nanow ones above.

The upper closet should be far enough abeve the lower to allow the top of the latter to be used for a shelf, or rather a sort of table.

The lower closets should be at least two teet in depth.

In the one nearest the stove, keep all the cooking utensils;

in the other, the small stores of flour, sugar, coffee, tea, etc.

It is well to have above these closets a row of drawers, in which to keep the tablecloths, towels, etc. The upper closets should be a few inches less in depth than the lower, and two of them filled with shelves.

These can be used for temporary deposit for butter, meats, etc.

If there is no laundry, in which to keep the implements for washing and ironing, try to dispose of them in some other place than the kitchen.

You will need a table, unpainted and unvarnished for your kitchen, and the size depends somewhat upon that of the kitchen; let it be provided with a drawer, in which can be placed, knives, forks, spoons, etc.

The chairs for the kitchen should be strong wooden ones;

they are the best when of oiled ash or common maple.

Besides these things, you will of course have a sink.

It should not be smaller than two and a half feet long, and a foot and a half broad.

The under part of the sink to be filled with shelves and drawers.

If possible, pipes for both hot and cold water should be run in the sink, and proper waste pipes to carry off the dirty water should also be provided.

Many modern inventions can be bought to lessen the work of the kitchen, and the majority can be made very useful.

The kitchen is pre-eminently the cooking room, and in furnishing, that should always be kept in view.

If on visiting a house for the first time, we are ushered into the parlor and find it elegantly appointed, we have no reason to suppose that the other rooms at all correspond with it.

The bedrooms may be bare and uncomfortable;

the dining room dark, half furnished, etc.

If we are received in a bedroom, and find it all right, we may be almost certain that the parlor is at least equally as well furnished, but we have no guarantee for the dining room and kitchen;

but if by any chance we happen to see the dining room first, and find it an attractive room, completely furnished and in good taste, we may regard it as positive proof that the whole of the house

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

is ordered in the same complete and attractive manner.

For although a dining room may be one of the first rooms in the house sufficiently furnished to be used, it is generally the last to receive the finishing touches.

A dining room should be made as attractive as possible, for it is not (or at least should not be) merely an apartment to hold a table and a sufficient number of chairs to place around it, where we may eat three times a day, getting through the meals as speedily as possible; the only pleasure anticipated or desired being the tickling of our palates by delicate flavors.

Our meals should be social gatherings to which we look forward with pleasure from other motives than those of gormandizing, or even a necessary satisfying of our hunger.

A healthy liking for the good things of the table is natural and healthful and should be encouraged by food appetizingly prepared.

But the family meeting, the pleasant talk, the joking and laughter, should be, certainly, quite as eagerly desired.

And such meetings might be extended to a much greater length than the common custom with advantage to the the family enjoyment and the family health.

"To accomplish all this effectually, the surroundings should be complete and comfortable, and suggestive of pleasant thoughts.

In case the dining room has never been painted, if you oil the wood with raw linseed oil, giving it three coats and varnishing it with white varnish, it will probably please you better than paint, even if the wood-work is nothing but pine, and the more knotty it is the prettier the grain, and you will find that the color will deepen with age.

Hang white or buff shades at the dining room windows, as these seem to throw a softer light on the surrounding objects.

If the walls are quite light, the window hangings may be more sober tints if desired.

For the dining room an oiled or stained floor possesses the most advantages; but if you prefer carpet, get a three-ply or ingrain with very small figures or mixed grounds, and in medium colors.

Do not have such a very nice carpet that you feel you must cover it up with a drugget, except a narrow strip around the edge, left to show that you have a carpet.

There is not much enjoyment to be got out of one's possessions if they are put out of sight.

And, besides, it is of doubtful economy.

An experienced housekeeper will say that the colors are apt to fade under the drugget, and that the dust that will inevitably sift through it on to your carpet will not add to its beauty.

But a crumb-cloth may be laid under the table, to prevent the carpet from being greased or otherwise soiled.

The above objections to druggets do not apply to crumb-cloths, because they are frequently taken up.

Extension tables are now almost universally used as dining tables.

A plain substantial one, that will seat twelve persons, can be bought very cheaply, although expensive ones can be had.

Dining chairs of walnut or oak are the most suitable for a dining room;

for comfort they should have cane seats, and well made backs*.

It is by no means uncommon to see very prettily furnished dining rooms without a sideboard, as they are costly and not essential, particularly when there is a china closet convenient.

If you have no sideboard, a table should be placed at the side of the room for the reception of the extra dishes, plates, glass, etc., which will be needed during the meal.

As regards ornaments for this room, vases with grasses, plants or flowers are very nice.

A clock is allowable, but it is often an ungracious reminder that the dinner is late, or that the pleasant party has been a long time at the table.

There is no room in which flowers and plants are as welcome.

You cannot have too many of them.

Put cut flowers on mantel, table and sideboard, and have plants growing in the windows or on flower stands in front of them.

Pictures are in good taste, and highly desirable, but not of fruits or desserts.

These may be very beautiful or ingenious in themselves, but when we have the real thing before our eyes, we care little for the representation, and if we have it not, do not care at that precise

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

time to be reminded of it.

And pictures of dead game are not altogether pleasant and appetizing for dining room walls.

If you have fine paintings or ehromos of "still life,"you had better hang them in any other room than this, if you wish them to be fully appreciated.

In the furnishing of a bed room, the chief object should be to secure comfort and a pleasing effect in the arrangements of the different parts of furniture.

Next to the whitewashed wall (which is entirely out of date) in sweetness and cleanliness, must be placed the painted wall, and therefore it is peculiarly adapted to a sleeping apartment.

Avoid sleeping in a room where new paint has been used.

The vapor of turpentine, when inhaled, is apt to prove dangerous.

Many cases of death have been known to occur from this cause.

Several theories, more or less plausible, have been propounded to explain the prejudicial effects of the inhalation of these vapors.

But, whatever be the correct explanation, there is no doubt of the danger of occupyinga room recently painted, in which turpentine has been employed before complete desiccation has taken place.

Another dangerous thing is to sleep in an apartment that has been newly plastered, and which is not thoroughly dry.

The vapor from the drying lime is apt to bring on serious diseases of the lungs and throat.

If wall paper is preferred, the plain tint paper is the prettiest.

Figured papers in various styles, widths, and quality, are very cheap at the present, and some are designed especially for bed rooms.

With gay papers the window hangings should be chintz, of coloring and design that blends harmoniously with the wall, but not like it, for we do not wish to see precisely the same things wherever we turn our eyes.

The carpet must be of one color, soft in tone—for instance, mouse color, with a darker border.

Light colors and small figures make the prettiest bed room carpets.

Here a good deal of white is allowable.

For summer use matting can be used, but we would recommend the use of bare floors, as much as possible, in bed rooms, on account of the freedom from dust.

Rugs can be placed before the bed and an oil cloth in front of the washstand.

A full suite of bed room furniture consists of ten pieces, bedstead, bureau, wash stand, towel rack, small table, five chairs and rocking chair.

These are the low and medium priced kind.

The more costly ones vary somewhat in number and kind.

One or two attractive pictures are particularly desirable for a bed room, as there growing plants are entirely out of the question, and even cut flowers are unwelcome unless inodorous.

The only desirable fragrance in a bed room is that imparted by perfect cleanliness, and by pure, sweet air.

A bed room should be light, airy and cheerful, and above everything else, well ventilated.

"To sleep in a room without a fire"is often cited as a highly proper and healthful thing to do.

And it may be to sleep in a room where the fire is not kept up at night, but to sleep where there has been no fire during the cold season is quite the contrary to a healthful practice.

In our climate every bed room that is occupied should have a fire lighted in it during the winter, at least for a short time every day.

A fire is oftentimes a great purifier.

Not that we advise a hot bed room;

or indeed any hot room, but it must be borne in mind, that the important thing is, not to keep the room cold, but to take such precautions that a sufficient quantity of fresh outside air shall be regularly supplied.

A hall, properly speaking, is a wide and lofty apartment, from which, generally, not necessarily, rises a spacious, imposing staircase.

But in our country, we call narrow entries halls.

In ordinary houses, the hall is usually occupied by hat stand and umbrella rack combined.

Such narrow halls should have carpets laid down without borders, as they only make them look narrower than they really are, except in the case of a very short entry, when a border makes it look longer.

In wet weather it is well to lay down a strip of linen or woolen drugget on the hall carpet, otherwise,

ARCHITECTURE OF COMMON HOUSES.

snow-slush or mud will be tracked over it, notwithstanding the mat at the door.

A gas fixture, or lamp of graceful pattern, should be suspended from the ceiling in the middle of the hall, or between the stairway and the front door.

It is doubtful whether the room we are about to describe is a parlor.

It certainly is not in common acceptation of the word in America, although very applicable in its original signification.

For the English word parlor comes from the French parloir—a name bestowed upon that room, in a monastery, set apart as a reception room for visitors and that again from the verb parler, to converse.

And our room will inevitably become the talking-room of the house.

But, in this country, the parlor is regarded as the "company room,"entirely distinct from the reception room, corresponding with the English drawing room, and the French salon, and is applied indiscriminately to the long suite of lofty, elegantry appointed saloons of the millionaire, and to the "ten-feet-by-ten"best room of the fifth story of a tenement house.

And was there ever an American woman, who, furnishing a house, did not first lay aside the money for the parlor?

A parlor there must be, even if after it there comes the deluge.

And, when this much desired room is complete in all the splendors of Brussels carpeting and walnut furniture, the children must not play in it, the husband must not smoke in it or lounge on the sofa, the sunshine must never look in, even the fresh air is unwelcome because the open windows usher in the flies.

When such a room is opened on company occasions the dampness strikes to the bones of the guests, while the touch-me-not cleanliness and frigid dignity of the grand furniture settle on their spirits with the weight of lead.

In describing this room let us commence with the ceiling.

It is to be hoped, for the sake of comfort as well as of beauty, that this is high, but if, unfortunately, it should be low, do not have it of a dark tint.

White is most generally used, because it looks well with all kinds of wall papers, but is not always desirable. A delicate pink or buff throws down a more agreeable and softer light on bright days, if the paper hangings will allow these tints to be used.

In regard to wall coverings, paper hangings are the most popular and are used everwhere.

There is, we think, no style of wall paper to be compared as to beauty with the plain tint paper.

The effect is fine and yet unobtrusive;

it does not dwarf the size of the room as pattern paper often does; on it pictures show to good advantage;

it corresponds with any style of furniture; and it is always in fashion.

There is a prevailing opinion that it soils easily, but this is a mistake;

it will keep clean as long as any paper.

After the walls are decorated to your taste, put something on them;

for bare walls, however pretty, need relief.

Mirrors will at once suggest themselves.

They add greatly to the handsome appearance of a parlor;

and two placed opposite will convert an insignificant room into quite a spacious apartment apparently.

If you have a choice between a mirror and pictures, choose the latter without hesitation.

If you are not a judge of pictures get a friend who has some knowledge in such matters to select your chromos and engravings, and do not fall into the mistake of thinking that one chromo will do as well as another, for some are nothing but daubs.

There are other things besides pictures for adorning walls and giving beauty to a room.

But we must conclude.

A visitor ushered into a comfortably furnished room, at once feels at home. A cordial welcome greets him in the very air.

It is emphatically the "house-place"and the home life is all around, and suggests topics for interesting and friendly talk.

And, when money has become plentiful, and you have added to the modest little home a library, picture gallery, music-hall, state bedrooms, and magnificent suits of elegantly furnished parlors, don't fail to keep such a "house-place"for your family and old friends, and the new ones who are worthy of such distinction.

William S. Hedges.

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

IN FOUR ACTS.

ACT IV.

Scene I.—An apartment in the Castle of

Inverlochy.

Enter Montrose, Musgrave, Hall.

Montrose.

So, Fate, and his own cowardly temper have driven Argyle from his last stronghold.

By skilfully improving this victory, we may consider the campaign nearly ended.

But it is a necessity that Allan, so headstrong and impetuous, be kept apart from these Children of the Mist, or more blood will be shed in our very midst.

Musgrave. My lord, I learn that Seaforth and his party, who were on the march to join Argyle, are not far distant, and there is rumor of disaffection among them.

Montrose.

Then, when he learns the results of to-day's battle, he will readily join our forces instead.

It is not disloyalty, but despair of our good cause that has induced him to take up arms against us.

Musgrave. The opportunity, my lord, seems too important to be lost.

Montrose.

We will send a commission to him at once.

Go you to Allan McAulay, with orders that he unite with that commission, being a Highland gentleman of rank, befitting that of Seaforth, and of talents and of influence such as may make an impression on him.

Send Allan to me for specific instructions.

This {exeunt Musgrave and Hall) will at once improve our strength and dispose of Allan for the present.

Besides, he is in every respect the fittest for this important mission;

for he knows every pass and glen in the Highlands, as well as the manners and customs of every tribe.

{Enter Mentieth.) My gallant kinsman.

[Embraces him with ivarmtliA Mentieth.

My lord, your praise thrills me with a warmer glow than I can well express.

The applause of the king himself could be no more welcome.

Montrose.

All praise is yours, my dear Mentieth, and it is rendered with When have you seen fullest credit, assure you.

But how fares Sir Duncan?

Is his wound dangerous?

Mentieth.

It is at least severe.

But he will find us treat him generously.

I have given orders that every care be taken with our venerable prisoner, and I have more hopes for his early recovery than he himself entertains.

Montrose.

And now, Mentieth, you know my constant friendship for you.

Will you take it hard if I offer you advice on another subject?

Mentieth.

Vour counsel is always wise, my lord.

Montrose.

Annot Lyle?

MExMtieth.

( With confusion.) Not since the evening before last—excepting—for one moment, about half an hour before the battle began.

Montrose.

My dear Mentieth, were you one of our gay cavaliers, I should not plague you with enquiring into such an amorette as this.

It would be an intrigue only to be laughed at.

But this poor girl is beautiful, and has talents formed to captivate your romantic temper.

You cannot think of injuring her—

you cannot think of marrying her?

Mentieth. My lord, you have repeatedly urged this jest, for so I trust it is meant.somewhat beyond bounds. Annot

Lyle is of unknown birth—-a captive the daughter, probably, of some obscureoutlaw.

Montrose.

Do not be angry, Mentieth, I am seriously anxious about this;

more so than if your feelings and those of Annot, were alone interested;

but you have a dangerous rival in Allan McAulay;

and there is no knowing to what extent he may carry his resentment.

Mentieth.

My lord.

I know what you mean is kind and friendly.

I assure you that Allan and I have discussed this matter; and I have explained to him that it is utterly remote from my character to entertain dishonorable views concerning

Annot, and that her obscure birth pre-

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

vents my thinking of her on other terms.

I will not disguise from you what 1 have not disguised from Allan, that if Annot Lyle were born a lady, she should share my name and rank.

Montrose.

And so you have agreed both to worship the same mistress, as idolaters do the same image, but that neither shall extend his pretensions farther?

Mentieth, I am sorry for you, and only hope that all may turn out well.

[Exeunt.

Enter Annot with herbs.

Annot.

Alas!

In the train of human strife, what dreadful scenes of pain and misery will always follow.

I bless the accident that gave me a knowledge of medicine, but O, how sad the task Poor Sir Duncan, he bears his agony like the brave old hero that he is; and I feel my heart go out for him.

Why is it that the presence of that old soldier so affects me? And while I feel a strange affection for him, I see also in his face a tender love for me, such as a father might have for his child.

{Sighs.

Retires to near window. Moon thrown on zvindow.)

Enter Allan excitedly.

Allan.

Annot!

Annot.

(Starting.) I thought—you had already set out.

Allan.

My companion awaits me.

I go instantly.

{He grasps her arm and gazes fiercely at her.) Annot.

Shall I take the harp?

Is the—the shadow falling on you?

Allan.

(Drawing her to window and pointing down and outward.) There is the battle field.

Does the sight please you?

Annot.

(Covering her face.) It is hideous How can you bid me look upon it?

Allan.

You must learn to look upon it if you remain with this destined army—you will soon have to search a field for my brother's corpse—for Mentieth's—for mine—but that will be a more indifferent task.

You do not love me.

Annot.

This is the first time you have taxed me with unkindness.

( Weeping.) You are my brother—my protector—and can I then but love you?

But your hour of darkness is approaching, let me fetch my harp Allan.

Remain!

Be my visions from heaven or hell, or from the middle sphere of disembodied spirits—or be they, as the Saxons hold, but the delusions of an over-heated fancy, they do not now influence me;

I speak the language of the natural, breathing world.

You love me not, Annot—you love Mentieth—by him you are beloved again, and Allan is no more to you than one of the corpses which encumber yonder heath.

Annot.

You forget your own worth and nobleness when you insult so helpless a being, and one whom fate has thrown so totally into your power. You know whom and what I am, and how impossible it is that Mentieth or you can use language of affection to me.

Allan.

Mentieth does not seem to think so.

Annot.

You know from what unhappy race I have too probably derived my existence.

Allan.

I will not believe it.

Never flowed crystal drop from a polluted spring.

Annot.

Yet the very doubt should make you forbear.

Allan.

Argue no more.

Hear me, my beloved Annot.

Leave this scene of terror and danger—come, fly with me go with me to Seaforth—I will place you under the guardianship of his noble lady, where you will be in safety.

Annot.

You consider not what you ask of me. To undertake such a journey alone with you, were to show me less scrupulous than maiden ought.

I will remain here, Allan—here, under the protection of the noble Montrose, and, as soon as possible, I will contrive some proper means to relieve you of one who has, she knows not how, become an object of dislike to you.

( Weeps.) Allan.

Annot, you know too well how little your words apply to my feelings towards you—but you avail yourself of your power, and rejoice at my departure, as removing a spy upon your intercourse with Mentieth.

I go on this mission, but beware, both of you, for

LEGEND OF MONTROSE.

when was it ever heard that an injury was offered to Allan McAulay, for which he exacted not ten fold vengeance.

[Exit.

Annot.

Ah, now, to what depth of misery am I consigned by this terrible declaration of love and jealousy!

He is so haughty and so violent, his vehemence of passion terrifies me.

I must find some means to get beyond his reach.

I must seek Mentieth; ah! Mentieth, Mentieth.

{Sings.) ANNOT'S SONG.

"Wert thou, like me, in life's low vale, With thee how blest, that lot I'd share;

With thee I'd fly wherever gale Could waft, or bounding galley bear.

But parted by severe decree, Far different must our fortunes prove;

May thine be joy—enough for me

To weep and pray for him I love.

"The pangs this foolish heart must feel,

When hope shall be forever flown,

No sullen murmur shall reveal,

No selfish murmurs ever own.

Nor will I through life's weary years, Like a pale, drooping mourner move,

While I can think my secret tears May wound the heart of him I love."[Exit Annot.

Scene II.

An apartment furnished with old fashioned furniture.

Door, couch, table and chairs.

Discovered:

Sir Duncan lying on couch, Mentieth near by attending him.

Ranald lying wounded on floor, Dalgetty kneeling near him.

Dalgetty.

Mine old friend, I would willingly do anything to pleasure you in return for the wound you have received while under my safe conduct.

Ranald.

{In pain.) If you think you owe me anything, it is in your power to grant me a boon.

Dalgetty.

Now, my friend Ranald, T have read of these boons in story books, whereby simple knights were drawn into uncomfortable engagements;

so I pray you have some thought on what you ask from me.

Ranald.

It is no great concern to you, but much to me.

I want to speak to my grandson, Kenneth.

He will be found in the outer apartment.

Dai.gkttv.

It is something out of order to bring outlaws into the presence of a knight; nevertheless, as your boon, as you call it, is a slight one, I shall not deny compliance with the same.

[Exit.

Enter Annot Lyle with medicines.

Mentieth advances to meet her.

Annot.

My lord, how is it with Sir Duncan?

Can I do nothing for him?

Mentieth.

Annot, you were ever an angel of mercy, and carry in your face balm for wounded hearts.

Go, speak to him.

Your presence itself will do good, for he takes an unusual interest in you.

Annot.

{Approaching Sir Duncan.) Sir Duncan, if it lies in my small power to ease your sufferings, speak freely, for freely my assistance will be given.

Duncan.

( Taking her hand.) My child, I am glad you came.

Your presence is as welcome as a flower in the desert.

The lot of a wounded prisoner in the hands of his enemy must needs be desolate; but if aught could lead me to contentment, it would be such sympathy as thine.

Enter Dalgetty and Kenneth.

Dalgetty retires.

Kenneth passes behind Ranald and kneels, with bowed head, over him.

Ranald.

Kenneth Kenneth.

Sire Ranald.

Kenneth, hear the last words of the sire of thy father and mark them well.

A soldier and Allan McAulay of the Red Hand left this camp within the hour, to travel to Seaforth's party in the country of Caberfal.

Pursue them as the bloodhound pursues the red deer—swim the lake—climb the mountain—thread the forest—tarry not until you join them Kenneth.

{Drawing his knife and raising it aloft) And then Ranald.

No It is not by thy hand he must fall.

They will ask the news from the camp; say to them that Annot

Lyle of the Harp is discovered to be the daughter of Sir Duncan, and is to be wed to Lord Mentieth.

Tell them you are sent to bid guests to the bridal.

Tarry not their answer, but vanish like

LEGEND OE MONTROSE.

the lightning when the black cloud swallows it.

Farewell, beloved I shall never see thee more, nor hear the light sound of thy footstep.

Mayest thou die like thy forefathers.

Begone Begone! Live free, and requite-the injuries of thy race {Falls back, exhausted.

Kenneth returns to kiss his brow and exits rapidly.) Annot.

Who is this poor man, my lord?

His wounds seem to press hardly on him.

(Approaches Ranald, who has partially risen to watch Kenneth's departure, but covers his face as she drazus nigh.) Mentieth.

He is some out-rider of our camp.

Go you not near him;

he is beyond your assistance.

(Drazus her back.) Ranald.

(Makes an unsuccessful effort to drag himself forward, then beckons Dalgetty.)

I beg of you draw me nearer Sir Duncan.

Dalgetty.

(Dragging him.) Unless you mend your health, my friend, you will not ask me many more boons.

Ranald.

Are you he whom men call Sir Duncan Campbell?

Duncan.

The same—what, would you with one who is in great pain?

Ranald.

Your pain can scarce equal mine.

My hours are reduced to minutes;

the more grace if I bestow them in the service of one whose hand has ever been against me, though mine has been raised higher against him.

Duncan.

Thine higher against me?

Crushed worm What mean you?

Ranald.

Yes, my arm hath been highest, though thine hast dealt me deep blows.

I am Ranald McEagh—I am Ranald of the Mist.

The night that I gave thy castle to the winds in one huge blaze of fire, is now matched with the day thou hast fallen under my sword.

Remember the injuries thou hast done our tribe.

Duncan.

(Starting almost to his feet.)

My lord Mentieth, this is a proclaimed villain, at once the enemy of king and parliament—of God and man—one of the outlawed banditti of the Mist;

alike the enemy of your house, the McAulays, and of mine.

I trust you will not suffer me to be embittered by his barbarous triumph.

Mentieth.

He shall have the treatment he deserves.

( To Dalgetty.) Let him be instantly removed.

Dalgetty.

But, my lord, he Ranald.

(With vehemence?} No!

be rack and gibbet the word Let me wither between heaven and earth, and gorge the hawks and eagles of Ben Nevis; and so shall this haughty knight and this triumphant Thane never learn the secret I alone can impart.

Come hither, Annot Lyle, fear not the sight of him to whom thou hast clung in infancy.

Tell these proud men, who disdain thee, that thou art no blood of ours—no daughter of the Mist—but born in halls as lordly and cradled on couch as soft as ever soothed infancy in the proudest palaces Mentieth.

In the name of God, if you know aught of this lady's birth, do thy conscience the justice to tell it before departing from this world.

Ranald.

And bless my enemies with my latest breath?

Let me first know its worth.

What would you give, Sir Knight, to know that there still remains a descendant of your house?

Duncan.

could—but that I know thy race to be liars and murderers from the beginning—but could it be true thou tellest me, I could almost forgive the injuries thou hast done me.

Ranald.

Hear it O, great reward And you, gentle lord.

They say that you would purchase with life and lands the tidings that Annot Lyle was of noble race.

What will you give?

Will you swear to marry her this day if I can prove good my word?

Mentieth.

For my part I will, by heaven Ranald.

Then know that Annot Lyle is the youngest, the sole surviving child of Sir Duncan Campbell, knight of

Ardenvohr Annot.

Can this man speak truth or is this some delusion?

Ranald.

I will yield you ample proofs.

Sir Duncan, did not your daughter, in her infancy, receive a severe wound in her left wrist?

LEGEND OE MONTROSE.

Duncan.

Yes, yes, she did.

Ranald.

Look at the wrist of Annot Lyle.

Duncan.

It is true!

My darling child {Embraces her.) Dalgettv.

Indeed, it is true.

I can certify to it, for I heard the whole story three months ago at Inverary Castle.

Mentieth.

Then why, in the name of heaven, did you not inform us of it sooner?

Dalgettv.

Because, my lord, the whole day has heen occupied with matters that I supposed of more importance.

Besides, I had my armor to polish, and that took me nearly two hours.

Mentieth.

Base fool!

(Retires to Annot.) Dalgettv.

Friend Ranald, let me bring you our worthy chaplain.

He will confess your sins in less time than I could smoke a pipe of tobacco.

Ranat.d.

Saxon, speak no more of thy priest.

I die contented.

To my most deadly foe, who has my dearest blood on his hands, I have now bequeathed agony of mind, jealousy, despair and sudden death.

Such shall be the lot of Allan of the Red Hand when he learns that Annot weds Mentieth

Dalgettv.

I believe my friend Ranald is little better than a heathen.

Ranald.

No more.

Spirit of the Mist!

called by our race our father and our preserver—receive into thy tabernacle of clouds, when this pang is over, him whom in life thou hast so often sheltered.

(During this speech he raises himself to his feet, staggers and falls dead.

7'zvo attendants enter and drag him off.) Annot.

O heaven, he is dead Duncan.

He dies, the fitting end of a wild outlaw.

I should now see, even if I had not before observed it, that your interest in this discovery, my dear Mentieth, has no small reference to your happiness.

You love my new found daughter—your affection is returned.

Unless your union is formed at once, Argyle will throw a thousand obstacles in its way.

You can fulfil your promise to yon piece of clay and be wed immediately.

Enter ANGUS McAlILAY.

Mentieth.

Angus, see what strange news we have for you.

Annot proves to be the daughter of Sir Duncan beyond all possible doubts.

ANGUS.

Indeed, I wish my protege"much joy of her new father.

This will be a still better chance for Allan.

Annot Lyle could always charm my brother out of the sullens, and who knows whether matrimony might not make him more a man of this world Mentieth.

I must spoil your castlebuilding, my dear Angus, for the lady is already wooed and won, and is to be wedded to me this very night.

Angus.

My lord, I think, without arrogance, I might have been consulted.

I wish you well, but I must say I think you have been hasty in this matter.

Allan's sentiments towards this lady are well known, and I, for one, cannot see why his pretensions should be set aside.

Duncan.

McAulay, be reasonable.

I should scarcely confer my daughter's hand upon Allan, whose excellent qualities are overclouded by others that make all tremble who approach him.

Angus.

Gentlemen, my brother has, as God made us all, faults as well as merits.

But he knows as well as most men how to resent his quarrels.

He has sources of information that are beyond ordinary messengers, and I should not be surprised if you saw him soon.

(Aside.) In either case I quit the camp.

[Exit.

Mentieth.

Annot, darling, you see the necessity for haste in the consummation of our marriage.

Farewell, for a few short moments.

Go, prepare yourself, and we will meet here within the hour.

( They embrace and are about to part.) Enter Allan hastily, with drawn sword.

Allan.

Draw, Mentieth, and defend yourself like a man, or die like a dog

Mkntieth.

Allan, you are mad Allan.

You lie, traitor!

you lie in that as you lie in all you have said to me.

Your life is a lie Mentieth.

Did I not speak my thoughts when I called you mad, your

BRITISH COLUMBIA.

own life were a brief one.

In what do you charge me with deceiving you?

Allan.

You told me that you would not marry Annot Lyle False traitor you are now preparing for the altar.

Mentieth.

It is you who speak false.

I told you the obscurity of her birth was the only bar to our union.

That is now removed; and whom do you think yourself that I should yield up in your favor?

Allan.

Draw, then, we understand each other Mentieth.

Not now, and not here.

Allan, you know me well—wait till tomorrow, and you shall have fighting enough.

Allan.

This hour—this instant—or never.

Your triumph shall not go further.

Mentieth, I entreat you by our relationship—by our joint conflicts and labors—draw your sword and defend your life.

Enter Montrose and Soldiers.

Mentieth.

Begone, madman!

Allan.

Then be the vision accomplished!

{Stabs Mentieth with dagger.

Mentieth staggers under the blow and falls into the arms of Montrose.)

Montrose.

Hold, hold!

Forbear!

Omnes.

McAulay.

Duncan.

Rash, misguided boy; what have you done?

Allan.

{Aghast.) Ay, what have I done?

Accursed fulfilment of fate and prophecy;

I have killed my—my more than brother.

O, I am not fit to live.

Annot, my love, I die.

(Stabs himself.) Mentieth.

Hold! hold thy frenzied hand!

I am unhurt.

A concealed coat of mail I wear has saved me from all except the fury of your blow.

Great heaven, he is dying! He has killed himself.

(Allan falls, Mentieth rushes to him.) Allan, Ah ( With relief.

Extends hand to Mentieth.) Thank God, my kinsman, I die, my hands unstained with thy blood.

Annot.

(Kneeling behind Allan.) Oh, Allan, my brother!

Allan.

Forgive me, Annot, forgive me.

I was mad, and could not bear to think you loved him.

But I have atoned my sin.

The pang of death is on me!

And you, too, Mentieth, can you forgive me?

Mentieth.

Yes, yes Most freely I do forgive you.

Allan.

You may well do so;

for the approach of death throws wide open to my gaze the portals of the future.

All auguries of ill are now fulfilled; and I see therein naught for you both but happiness and love.

Mentieth, Annot, with my dying breath, I bless you both.

(Picture.) Slow curtain.

BRITISH COLUMBIA.

Considering that Canada has less than six millions of inhabitants, scattered along the shores of the gulf and river of St. Lawrence, the great lakes and along the northern boundary of the

United States for a distance of more than three thousand miles, it is not surprising that the Dominion should possees railroads of great length.

The Grand Trunk Railway is the longest line yet completed, being two thousand one hundred and fifty-two miles in length.

The Intercolonial Railway comes next with nearly one thousand miles of line in.

operation; but these roads will soon be exceeded by the Canada Pacific, which when completed will be more than two thousand four hundred miles in length.

At present one thousand seven hundred and eighty miles are in operation, and the work is being vigorously pushed forward at each end of the line.

The effect of this road is already apparent in the activity everywhere manifest on the coast of British Columbia.

When the province was admitted to the Canadian confederation in 1873, it nad scarcely ten thousand white inhabitants; now the

BRITISH COLUMBIA.

population exceeds sixty thousand and is increasing with a rapidity which defies calculation.

New Westminster, which was then only a straggling village of scarcely five hundred inhabitants, is now a thriving town of seven thousand.

The architecture also is far in advance of most western towns, showing that the people have faith in themselves or rather in the glorious future that is opening before them.

• Few of the public buildings are yet completed.

Many of them when finished will present an imposing appearance.

Among those partially completed or in course of erection may be mentioned the Legislative Hall, the Hudson's Bay Company's warerooms and offices, the Provincial University, the governor's residence, and the offices, buildings and machine shops connected with the Canadian Pacific Railway.

But most of all, the activity is observable at the docks which are being prepared for the steamers of the

Pacific and Oriental Steamship Company. These

Clyde-built steamers when finished will be of surpassing strength, beauty, swiftness and convenience; and, owing to the higher latitude, this route to Yokohama and China will be much shorter than that via Honolulu.

Here then in British Columbia is to be built a great metropolis.

What New York is to the eastern, New Westminster will be to the western coast of America.

British Columbia is in extent about six hundred miles from north to south and four hundred from east to west.

Vancouver Island, once a separate colony but now joined with British Columbia, is fully three hundred miles in length by seventy miles in average width.

Dark, frowning cliffs girdle its shores, and several peaks rise in the centre of the island, where white patches of snow may be seen even in June.

The valleys are well wooded and exceedingly fertile.

Owing to the warm ocean current known as the Japan current, the climate somewhat resembles that of Ireland, with more of heat and not so much of storm on the western coast.

The glassy waters of the Gulf of Georgia, which divides Vancouver Island from the mainland, present a striking appearance, dotted with many little islands, and enlivened by swiftly gliding canoes filled with painted Indians, slow-paced sailing ships and spluttering steamers.

On the side of the gulf opposite to Vancouver Island loom the dark shores of British Columbia.

At first sight the whole country appears to be clothed with forest; but when the traveler moves inland he learns that the forests frequently take the form of belts enclosing rich valleys and open prairies.

The impressions which this country leave on the mind are of grandeur and awful solitude, rendered more dismal by the howl of beasts of prey.

Streams white with foam flow amid cliffs and ravines, forming at places magnificent waterfalls.

Forests of the deepest green present to the eye vast masses of foliage, fresh and glittering in the sunlight;

whilst, far above, from overhanging cliffs and mountains, gleam piles and pyramids of ice and snow, and glacier gorges of remarkable splendor.

The deer, the elk, the bear, the fox and the wolf people the fastnesses of the forest.

Fish swarm along the shores, and in the numerous lakes which stud the country.

The salmon is especially abundant.

The Indian, by a few hauls of the net, fills his canoe with them.

The bear sits by the side of the river, and paws them out for breakfast, dinner and supper.

There is a great diversity of climate both in British Columbia and Vancouver

Island.

The arctic fox and the hummingbird, the reindeer, lichen and the cactus may be found in the limits of this one territory.

Generally speaking, the climate of the sea coast is milder and finer than that of England, but wet in winter.

In the interior the winters are colder, while the summers are hotter.

In the early days of the colony, gold mining was the chief pursuit of the inhabitants, but with the commencement of the Pacific Railway commenced also the agricultural prosperity of the country.

A fertile soil, mild climate, and good markets are the inducements of-

THE SPIRIT OF JANE ADAIR.

fered to settlers.

The rich valleys of the Fraser and its tributaries offer a home and subsistence to millions of the human family.

Schools are not only free, but compulsory to all children between the ages of six and sixteen.

A certain portion of the public domain has been set apart for educational purposes; and thus the people are relieved from the burden of taxation.

Included in the limits of British Columbia is the mining district of Cariboo, (a corruption of Cerf-boeuf, a large species of reindeer which inhabits the country,) near the sources of the Fraser.

This district is generally described as a

Land of brown heath and shaggy wood,

Land of the mountain and the flood.

The only portion of the district that has been explored is a patch of country fifty miles from north to south and thirty from east to west.

It bears a striking resemblance to the richest regions of California.

As far as "prospecting"has yet gone this character has been fully established.

The gold is found a few inches, a foot or two, and very seldom more than six feet below the surface.

The gold is all coarse gold—granulated, gravelly stuff, mixed with pellets and pebbles of pure metal of considerable size.

J. H. Ward.

THE SPIRIT OF JANE ADAIR.

When I was quite a young girl my father took into his employ as a farm laborer, a young man just arrived from "Salt Lake,"as it was expressed in those days in that part of the country, (California.) Mr. Colton, as I will here call him, was a very steady, well meaning, though quite illiterate young man.

He had been raised by Latter-day Saint parents, and knew little of the world and people outside of Utah until this, his first adventure in search of a fortune.

For awhile he was quite punctual in attending the Sabbath meetings and prayer meetings held by our people, and very diligent in faithfully performing his duties.

At times, he seemed much given to mournful reflections and would sigh heavily.

On one occasion father courteously asked him if the cause of his dispondency was "homesickness,"as Mr.

Colton had informed us he was the only child and this his first absence from home and friends.

He quite readily replied, that poetry and music would much better explain his feelings at present, than ordinary conversation could do; and forthwith assumed a more appropriate position for his purpose, and began singing:

"My parents raised me tenderly,"and it was not long before we discovered the burden of his grief to be:

''The irirl I left behind me."At so unexpected a revelation of confidence, my parents were undoubtedly discomposed, but father, beyond a sudden elevation of his eyebrows, betrayed no further sign, but listened respectfully to the extraordinary nasal, vocal efforts of the singer.

My mother hurried her face into her handkerchief and at one time I thought she was sobbing sympathetically, although she had never before to my knowledge, betrayed such signs of emotion during the best singing I had ever heard.

I gave up the problem, in mystification. At the conclusion, father gravely advised Mr.

Colton to "look on the bright side of the future,"and then turned to matters belonging more directly to the young man's position with himself.

A few mornings later, Mr.

Colton gravely asked father if he had ever investigated spiritualism?

Father replied no, and had no desire to do so, advising him if such a temptation lay in his path to shun it as worthless imposture that would only unsettle his peace of mind and bring him no reward for his research.

Mr. Colton replied mysteriously that he had heard things that he would not like to treat with disrespect. Father changed the subject.

Next morning Mr. Colton wore a distressed countenance at breakfast, and informed us that he had been

PINKERTON, THE DETECTIVE.

visited the night before by mysterious rappings.

He had puzzled his mind to solve the question, who, from the realms of the dead desired to communicate with him.

He had at last arrived at the conclusion that the girl to whom he had once been engaged, but whom through mistaken self importance he had jilted, and who was later, by an accident, cut off from life in early womanhood; was the spirit which hovered over him, disturbing his sleep antl peace of mind.

Father assured him that no good young woman would condescend to so trivial and unworthy a means of redress, that more probably she was where his conduct in the past, however important remorse might make it appear to him—was entirely overlooked and unimportant to her.

It was quite evident, however, that Mr.

Colton firmly believed his own views, and suffered in his mind.

The following morning he announced that he had again been awakened (after returning from a spiritualist meeting) by three distinct taps.

He had nerved himself to ask who was wanted—if it were he, to make it known by three taps.

As he covered his agonized ears with the blankets, he heard distinctly three dreadful taps.

Some time elapsed before he again could address the dreadful unknown, although, after regular intervals, apparently challenging him to speak, it rapped vehemently.

At last he demanded that if it was the spirit of Jane Adair, she was to rap three times.

He said his head swam at the immediate response.

He then inquired if she had come to visit vengeance upon him, and desired his life in expiation of his wrongs toward her.

He then covered his head again, but in vain, and while he heard the three soul-searching raps repeated, he resigned all objects and plans for the future, and was even now firmly convinced that but a few brief weeks at most were allotted him here, that perhaps a sudden and violent death awaited him, and then an awful eternity!

His face was indicative of the most abject terror and determined belief.

I was then surprised to hear my mother say, "Come with me, Mr. Colton;

I think I can solve this mystery."He hung back, but father rose and said, "Yes, come."Mr. Colton's room was in one end of a large storehouse where was kept, in separate rooms, grain, meats of different kinds, dried fruits, discarded furniture, etc.;

in the latter room, separated by a thin partition from his, was a tub turned upside down.

Three raps startled him as they entered.

My mother lifted the tub, and out flew a fractious, fussy, persistent setting hen.

Father looked at Mr. Colton, and then burst into a hearty laugh.

"So, Caroline, you have dispelled the impending calamity!

Mr. Colton, let this suffice to prove to you the falsity of spiritualism;

it has been a good lesson."Poor young man! he was almost crushed by mortification, and soon left us to go where no one would know of his weakness and folly.

A. J.

Croclieron.

It is inconceivable how much wit is required to avoid being ridiculous.

PINKERTON, THE DETECTIVE.

This celebrated agent of law and justice was of Scottish parentage, and born in Glasgow, August 25, 1819.

He was the son of William Pinkerton, a weaver by trade, but who was some time a sergeant of police.

William Pinkerton died when Allen was about nine years old, from the effects of injuries received while making an arrest.

The boy obtained employment with a print-maker, but afterward served an apprenticeship with a cooper.

When about twenty-one years old the Chartist movement for a more liberal form of government, with which he was identified, culminated in the Birmingham riots.

Several of the leaders were arrested and convicted;

some of them were put to death and others received various terms of imprisonment.

Young Pinkerton's activity

PINKERTON, THE DETECTIVE.

in connection with this outbreak made him a marked man, and so apprehensive of arrest.

He hurriedly married Miss Joan Carfrae, a young lady to whom he had been for some time engaged, and on the following day sailed for Quebec.

The vessel in which the young couple embarked was shipwrecked near Sable

Island, on May 9, 1842, but the passengers were picked up by a passing vessel and taken to Quebec.

This misfortune left them in a destitute condition, but they were aided in securing passage through the lakes to Chicago, where Pinkerton went to work at his trade.

After a few years he established a cooperage of his own at Dundee, 111., which became prosperous.

About this time his first piece of detective work was done, almost by accident.

He had been in the habit of visiting the Islands in Fox River to procure materials for his stock, and one day he stumbled on a gang of counterfeiters.

His love of adventure led him to investigate the operations of the gang, and he was so successful as to break it up.

This was not accomplished without much risk, as he was shot at and wounded.

This exploit led to his appointment as a deputy sheriff of Kane County, 111., a position in which he was instrumental in breaking up several gangs of horsethieves and counterfeiters.

His fame spread to Chicago, and the sheriff of Cook County offered him the appointment of deputy sheriff.

This place he filled for some time, when Mayor Church made him detective of the city force; an entirely new position.

In 1852 Mr. Pinkerton became impressed with the importance of establishing a detective agency that would be independent of political influence.

Securing the assistance of E.

L. Rucher, an attorney, he established his agency and soon had the patronage of several railway companies.

Among the four or five men first employed by Mr. Pinkerton was George H.

Banks, afterward general superintendent of the agency, who remained with the agency until his death last year. Another was Timothy Webster, who was hung as a Union spy in Richmond in the late war.

Mr. Pinkerton's agency soon grew to large proportions, and his reputation extended to all the leading cities of the country.

One of the first important cases that came to him from the east was that of the robbery of Adams'Express Company, at Montgomery, Alabama, of 140,000.

He traced the thieves from Alabama to New Jersey, and succeeded in recovering nearly all the money in the original packages.

This established his ability for the express companies, and he afterward undertook many other important cases in their behalf, and with success.

In 1861 he was employed to look out for incendiaries on the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore road, and while at work discovered a plot to assassinate

President Lincoln.

He at once took charge of the Presidential party while en route for Washington, and carried Mr.

Lincoln safely through Baltimore.

When the war broke out President Lincoln authorized Mr. Pinkerton to establish the Secret

Service Division of the Army, which he did under the name and title of Major E.J. Allen.

Among the many famous exploits connected with his name, was the capture and conviction of Augustus Stuart Byron, whose father was Lord Byron, and his mother Mary Stuart, and of a young man named Napier, a nephew of Admiral Napier, of the English navy.

These men wrecked a train on the Michigan Southern and Northern Indiana

Railroad, and secured a large amount of money by robbing the mails.

He was engaged in the pursuit of the James boys in Missouri, losing five men in one year while thus occupied.

He declared that he would have captured them had he been backed by the Governor, as Governor Crittenden subsequently backed other detectives.

Other operations of his that met with success were the breaking up of the organization of Molly Maguires in the Pennsylvania coal regions, which occupied a period of eight years, and the extermination of the band of desperadoes led

LIFE ON THE INDIAN RESERVATIONS.

by the four Reno brothers, whose headquarters were at Seymour, Ind.

It was through his agency also that the capture of the Bidwell brothers, the Bank of England forgers, was effected, the conviction of the bond forgers Roberts and Gleason, and the capture of the Northampton Bank robbers.

Mr. Pinkerton's success was in a great measure due to his stubborn adherence to several rules that he regarded as cardinal.

In the first place, he laid it down as a maxim that a criminal cannot keep a crime secret.

He has to tell it to some one, sooner or later, and Pinkerton trained his men to obtain the confidence of lawbreakers.

He also made it a rule to employ honest, reliable men.

He had the utmost contempt for the practice of setting a thief to catch a thief.

The work done through his agency, whether successful or not, was charged for at unvarying per diem rates. Divorce suits and matters involving family scandals he never touched.

The extent of the business done by detectives may be inferred from the fact that his agencyhas thirty-five detectives connected with the office in New York, forty at the Chicago headquarters, and twenty working with Philadelphia as a centre.

It also has a private night watch of two hundred men in Chicago, guarding the banks, express offices, and wholesale houses.

This force was established over thirty-five years ago when there was no regular police in Chicago.

Besides his detective business, Mr.

Pinkerton was a farmer on a rather large scale in Illinois.

He owned and cultivated two farms of seven hundred and fifty acres at Onarga, on the

Illinois Central Railroad, south of Chicago, where recently he planted nearly a million Scotch larch trees imported for him.

He was the author of fifteen volumes of experiences in the disclosure of crime and the arrest of the perpetrators.

Among these are the following:

"The Spy of the Rebellion,"giving a history of the spy system of the United States army during the war for the Union;

"Professional Thieves and the Detectives,"and "Thirty Years a Detective."His death occurred on the first of July last, from the effects of a fever contracted several weeks before in the south. He had previously suffered three paralytic attacks—over which a naturally powerful constitution seemed to triumph, but they left him, doubtless, in a much weakened state.—Phrenological Journal.

LIFE ON THE INDIAN RESERVATIONS.

While we write, a story comes from the north that the Piegan Indians are starving by hundreds on their reservation.

These people, as do nearly all reservation Indians, depend upon the supplies government provides for their living.

If, before the reservation system was adopted, they hunted and fished, gathered berries and roots, and secured the remainder of life's sustenance by begging, the attitude of dependence and submission they are forced into on the reservations is reason for discontinuing those vocations which before enabled them to live.

It is a conspicuous fact that the disposition to get their own living, even by primitive Indian methods, is being rapidly supplanted by a listless dependence, which is stubbornly expressed by folding their hands and starving to death, when the agency supplies run short.

But they ought never to be thus exposed, and probably would not be were their rations carefully provided and distributed to them.

While the allowance made by Congress is inadequate for the entire support of the nation's wards, it would go a great deal farther in that direction if honestly handled.

The warfare that has so many years been waged against them, the forcible occupation of their hunting grounds and the extinction of game, their miserable,

LIFE ON THE INDIAN RESERVATIONS.

loathsome condition of immorality, all appeal to the sympathetic consideration of the nation and the "superior race."It would seem as if some plan ought to be devised to benefit this despised and fallen people.

It is being demonstrated that their little children, when taken away and trained in practical schools, make excellent, in some cases, astonishing, progress.

It has become a matter of history, and is generally understood, that the Indian readily inclines to the pure principles of Christianity, when not obscured by sectarian dogmas, and he sees his teachers practicing the truths they profess to believe.

In this inherent tendency to learn the will and respect the authority of the Great Spirit, will be found the key to the Indian's heart and mind.

For this reason the labor of civilizing the Indian is a labor devolving first and most urgently upon the Latterday Saints, for they and they only are in possession of the key referred to.

They are able to tell the poor red men of their ancestry, and of the predictions the voice of inspiration has uttered for their future, to awaken hope in the breasts where only despondency has for so long a period dwelt, to hold out the incentive to reformation that invites their effort to abandon the sins of their fathers, and arise from the degradation to which their wickedness has subjected them.

The government has, within recent years, opened one door to the Indian by which he may emerge from the low condition of dependence to which the reservation system forever binds him.

It was done in the act of Congress providing for the holding of lands in severalty by Indians, when they abandoned their tribal relations and were disposed to make homes and enjoy the privileges of citizenship in the republic.

The following extract from a Deseret News editorial explains the law, and expresses the endorsement it receives from our people:

"We have been requested to explain the rights of Indians under the law to acquire title to public lands.

It is thought by some people that Indians have no rights which persons of the 'superior race'are bound to respect.

But it is beginning to dawn upon the enlightened mind that there is considerable good in the red man, which only needs opportunity and cultivation to make conspicuous.

'There is no good Indian but a dead Indian,'is no longer a favorite quotation.

It has been demonstrated that youthful Indians can be educated in the book-learning of the age, and that the arts of civilization can be taught with success to the redskins, young and old.

"The policy of encouraging the roving, begging, lazy Indian to cultivate the soil, raise stock and acquire title to real estate, is the most humane and sensible thing the government has done in regard to the descendants of the primal owners of the land. And as soon as the Indians can be brought into that condition that they will hold their lands in severalty, instead of as common hunting grounds for wandering tribes and bands, so soon will they take a step upwards from their savage state towards a higher and better mode of life.

"It should be generally understood that Indians may homestead land in the same way as white men, but with these differences:

The Act of Congress of March 3, 1875, extends the benefits of the homestead act of May 20, 1.862, and the acts amendatory thereof, to any Indian born in the United States, who is the head of a family, or who has arrived at the age of twenty-one years, and who has abandoned, or may hereafter abandon his tribal relations, but the title to lands so acquired may not be alienated for five years from the date of the patent.

An Indian who is twenty-one years of age may thus enter a quarter section of land under the homestead laws, whether he is the head of a family or not, and if he is the head of a family, he need not be twenty-one years of age;

but he must show that he has abandoned his tribal relations.

This is done by his own affidavit and that of two disinterested witnesses.

"This is sufficient proof that the Indian applying has complied with the law.

7 //A"J1LARNE J 'STOJSfM.

There is no particular formality with which we are acquainted that is necessary to the severing of the connection of an Indian with his tribe, except the foregoing.

The acquisition of title to land is recognized by the Indian tribes and chiefs in this region, as a virtual severance of tribal relations on the part of the

Indian obtaining it.

No tribal authority is afterwards attempted to be exercised over him, and he no longer acknowledges or submits to it.

'An Indian who thus severs his tribal relations and pays his taxes, is recognized as a citizen and, in this Territory, as a voter.

He is numbered with other inhabitants in the census of the population.

Being born in the United States, and not under allegiance to any tribe or chief, he is a citizen and needs no naturalization or formality to establish his status other than that we have named.

"Special protection to Indians who have acquired title to land is enjoined by law upon the agents and superintendents, and neither other Indians or white marauders are permitted to encroach upon them in their peaceable possession of the soil they hold in severalty."During our visit to the Shoshone Indians, we found among the chief men of the tribe a most absorbing interest in this subject.

It had been imperfectly explained to them that provision was made by which they could become individual owners of and secure government patents to sections of land.

No other theme was so agreeable to them, and none could doubt, while watching the expression upon their faces, the delight the thought gave them as the full force of this action of the government became known to them.

There is a spirit at work among the Indians.

Its mission is one of peace;

its influence is exalting, and the Lamanite feels it swell in his bosom, inciting him to improve his condition, to come out from his degradation and take the place God and the Prophets have predicted he shall occupy in the dispensation which has been ushered in to prepare the way for the Millennial reign, when peace and the prosperity of Zion shall be the lot of the Indian as of all the descendants of the Israeli tish race.

De Vallibui.

THE BLARNEY-STONE.

Who has not heard of the "Blarneystone?"—allusion being often made to it when one is speaking of a person who possesses readiness of tongue.

The Blarney-stone is related to one of the most interesting ruins of Ireland, the castle of Blarney, which is situated about five miles northwest of Cork.

The neighborhood, however, has a history much older than the castle, for in the early ages, two thousand or more years ago, it was a place of importance to the Druids.

There those semi-barbarous people performed their strange rites, and relics of their worship remain still.

The castle was built in the year 1449, in the midst of a fertile valley on the banks of the Comaun, a small stream.

Evidently it was intended to subserve an important purpose of defence in those stormy days, as may be inferred from the great thickness and strength of its walls.

Several times it was the centre of sanguinary conflict.

In it was besieged and taken by Lord Broghill;

after the Restoration, it sustained a siege by the army of William, and was then in a great measure demolished, together with other fortifications that were originally very extensive.

Little indeed was left intact, save the walls of the large tower or donjon that rise about one hundred and twenty feet above the ground, and form a very prominent feature in the landscape.

Attached to it is the well wooded demesne, comprising a mirror-like lake and the "Sweet Rock

Close."Although this place has its picturesque attractions, including the

47° STUDENT-LIFE AT LEIPZIG.

stream, and the lake, and tower, and the little town near, yet the chief point of interest for the visitor centres in the stone, that, to use the language of Father Prout in his Plea for Pilgrimages, "is endowed with the property of communicating to the happy tongue that comes in contact with its polished surface, the gift of gentle insinuating speech, with soft talk in all its ramifications, whether employed in vows and promises light as air, such as lead captive the female heart, or elaborate mystification of a grosser grain, such as may do for the House of Commons—all summed up and characterized by the mysterious term 'Blarney.'"The southern and eastern sides of the tower are surmounted by parapets having numerous openings, and several small chambers, closets and dormitories occupy the north side from base to summit, and are reached by a very steep, narrow, winding stair.

On top, the wall is broad enough to make a good footpath;

and that part of it where the famous stone is to be seen, is held in its pl£ce by irons.

In order to reach it one must lean out through an opening between two and three feet wide; and the visitor who has no assistance, can not expect to secure the mystic influence by an application of his lips to the stone; to attempt that would be to fall headlong down.

One who ascended the tower and surveyed the prospect that it commands, says: "There is no door left in it from the foundation to the top;

I cautiously crept to the edge of the wall, and while the sides of the old castle seemed to sway to and fro, I reached out to the parapet and touched the stone with my finger tips;

this is as near as I ever got to it;

but I have had enough.

There is a stone downstairs on the ground floor which is far more convenient, and is usually substituted for the original."« For more than four hundred years this castle has been the sole feature of importance in a cheerless though lovely landscape.

At the base of the tower we find the prisons, two gloomy, illventilated halls;

a little to the west of the donjon is the cave, a low, dark, subterranean passage;

in the immediate vicinity of the castle is the Rock Close, an area of a few acres of ground, tastefully laid out, with numerous rocks covered with lichens and heath blossoms here and there distributed over it, that appear as if they were natural products of the soil.

There are shady retreats that command very pleasing views of the neighborhood.

Other objects of interest to the tourist are pointed out;

for instance, a flight of steps, roofed in by massive stones, that leads down to the "inch"or island, washed by the waters of the Comaun.

This is known as the "witch's stairs."Adjoining it is the "witch's kitchen."On the island stands a cromlech of immense size, covered by a luxuriant growth of moss and lichens.

This is a relic of the ancient Druid worship, a form of devotion supposed to have been derived from the PhoeniciansThe ancient Celts probably sacrificed to

Baal;

and here on this altar offered up their victims, a thousand years or more before the foundations of the castle were laid.

Progress uses foes as aids to success.

STUDENT-LIFE AT LEIPZIG.

Of all the German university towns, of which there are some twenty, Leipzig is the best for the observation of studentlife.

The university there is one of the oldest in the Empire, and has the largest number of students.

It has been founded four hundred and seventy-four years, and has at present some three thousand students.

About the middle of the century, the illiberal policy of Saxony seriously injured it, causing many of the ablest professors to resign, and hundreds of the students to leaveSince then it has more than recovered

STUDENT-LIFE AT LEIPZIG.

its former prosperity, which is greater to-day than ever.

While most of the students are Germans, as may be supposed, two or three hundred are generally foreigners, and among these are always to be found a number, usually from forty to fifty of Americans.

It is very easy, in the majority of cases, to tell the Americans by their appearance.

They look very unlike the Germans, being apparently younger, much slighter in figure, more delicate of complexion, more supple in movement, and fuller of the restless, nervous energy which is a national trait.

They are said to be quicker in mind and better fitted for a variety of studies;

but having neither the patience nor the application of the Germans, they do not so distinguish themselves by their attainments.

Hardly any of them continue their intellectual training after graduation from the university, but entering upon some active profession or employment, they neglect in the world of practicality, the ample stock of scholarship they have brought home. A large proportion of Germans, on the other hand, form such academic habits as to feel unfitted for ordinary life, and so cling to their books and traditions of learning.

The Leipzig University, like all the other German universities, is under the complete control of the government;

but it is not dependent, like most of them, on state appropriations, but has a very handsome private property.

It has kept its large landed estates, and owns, besides, many buildings in the city, from which a fine revenue is derived.

From this come not only the salaries and all necessary expenses, but provision for the poor free students, who vary, with different years, from one hundred and fifty to two hundred.

The government is represented by a curator, whose duty it is to see that the official laws and regulations are carried out; by a quaestor, who collects the dues from the students, and by the professors, all of whom are chosen by the ministers of public instruction.

The professors, numbering more than 'one hundred, elect annually the rector, the real head of the institution, the chancellor, the assistant of the rector, and the deans of the four faculties—philosophy, medicine, law and theology.

Each faculty is governed by its own professors and dean, subject to the general regulations of the university, and consists of the professors, ordinary and extraordinary, and the private lecturers, who are numerous.

The course of study is four years, and as the students may go where they like after and before the lectures—not even being required to attend these—and may choose their own boarding and lodging places, they have great freedom, more, no doubt, than many American parents would approve.

The degrees conferred are those of doctor, the degree of doctor of philosophy answering to that of master of arts with us.

The other faculties are, of course, for the education of young men intended for what used to be distinctively known as the three learned professions, to which journalism, literature, science and others might be added.

Every candidate for a degree must submit to an oral examination on his particular studies, and prepare a thesis, or essay, in German or Latin.

If these be unsatisfactory, the degree is withheld, which often happens, though less often than might be thought from the apparently indolent and dissipated habits of many of the students.

After a student has written his name and address in the register of the university, and has agreed to obey its laws, he is entitled to the freedom of the city, as it is called, and also, it may be added, to his own freedom.

His time, his studies, his place of abode, his habits, are within his personal control.

He may be diligent or indolent, clever or stupid, worthy or unworthy, just as he chooses.

The university, except when he breaks its laws, lets him severely alone.

The common idea of German students is that they pass most of their leisure in drinking beer and fighting duels, of their peculiar kind.

They do a good deal of both these things at Leipzig; but the things are confined to comparatively few.

STUDENT-LIFE AT LEIPZIG.

Out of three thousand students, there are naturally many scapegraces, and these give a bad reputation to the whole number.

Beer-drinking and pipesmoking are almost universal there they are, in fact, the time-honored and unchangeable habits of the entire nation;

but beer-drinking to excess, at least as the Germans count it, is by no means general.

They consider eight or ten glasses, four or five quarts, a day as moderate;

while some of the students, who sottishly pride themselves on their guzzling capacity, will, incredible as it may seem, drink daily not less than three or four gallons.

And this enormous quantity, can scarcely be said to intoxicate them, so seasoned are they.

It makes them dull, or surly, or quarrelsome. The great beer drinkers are apt to be the noted duelists, and frequently very noisy and riotous.

The students from the United States seldom enter into rivalry with the natives in such sort of dissipation;

and if they do, find they cannot compete successfully.

Actually, they have no such power of holding liquor, and if they had, it would so derange their stomachs and heads as to make them ill. A quart of beer will affect them more than a gallon will affect a German.

Though both of the same stock, they are singularly unlike in body and mind.

Where one has but a downy mustache, the other is likely to have considerable growth of hair all over his face, while his ruddier and coarser countenance and the spectacles he is pretty certain to wear, give him an elderly appearance.

A favorite resort of the students is Auerbach's Cellar, near the market place, which has been frequented for two hundred years.

It is not at all attractive, having an ancient, dingy, dreary interior, very common wooden tables and chairs, flanked with beer kegs and wine barrels.

Hardly any change takes place in it from generation to generation; the interest of the owner being to keep it as it was when described by Goethe, who made it famous in his "Faust."Almost any evening, the students may be seen there in numbers, smoking, drinking, talking loudly and singing.

They are a noisy crew, often ill-mannered and insolent, having no respect for the citizens, whom they call Philistines, or for strangers generally.

Their pipes turn the atmosphere blue, and the clinking of their glasses, pounding of the tables, their shouting, loud laughter, roaring songs and disorderly clamor, make the cellar, and other places where they meet, anything but pleasant.

Quiet people seldom go where they go, unless from curiosity.

The students have such a contempt for the townsfolk, such a hatred of them, too—having periodical fights with them, frequently growing into riots—that the latter are apt to shun them.

They have their own haunts, and usually have these mostly to themselves.

Only they, in the flush of youth, buoyant with hope and high spirits, all the world before them, would enjoy such follies and such license.

The duels, of which so much is said, are as stupid as they are brutal.

They have not even danger to commend them;

for they never prove fatal, if fought in the approved and regular way. No vital part is exposed, the breast being covered with swathings of woolen and leather, and the person so encumbered that a combat in the true sense is impossible.

The face is the principal point of assault and defence, and he who is willing to have his cheek laid open, or his features slashed and disfigured, is ranked as a hero.

Two duelists in position, so hampered with bindings and wrappings as to move with difficulty, striking at one another with their swords, gashing nose, ear, or chin, is a sight at once ludicrous and repulsive. Some students bear many scars, the result of these encounters, and are far prouder of them than of any proficiency in study or intellectual success.

These damaged and hacked simpletons, who rarely have any beauty to lose, always have enthusiastic followers that look up to their battered brows and split noses with envy and admiration.

The Americans are generally averse to such duels.

If challenged, if forced to fight, they are inclined to choose pistols, which may kill, but do not disfigure.

They have repeatedly

REFLECTIONS IN THE GRAVEYARD.

killed their antagonists, and caused, on the part of the Germans, a great outcry at their desperation.

Any duel is barbarous;

but a real duel, where life is in peril, however savage, is not ridiculous.

The laws of the university oppose dueling, drunkenness, gambling and all misdemeanors; but these continue, because custom is stronger than regulation.

The majority of the students, even if very wild, are not vicious, and the worst of them are seldom really bad-hearted.

But many, as ardent youths are prone to be, are vain, egotistic, disorderly, overbearing, turbulent, learning self-restraint and wisdom only when their blood is cooled.

German students, as a class, are by no means so romantic or interesting as commonly represented.

They have their full share of weaknesses and meannesses, and they do not improve on close acquaintance. To read of them in novels is one thing; to live with them is quite another.

One of the unconsidered advantages of attending the Leipzig, or any other of the universities—the educational advantage is uncertain—is the banishment of delusions about German students.

Youth's Companion.

There is a gift that is almost a blow, and there is a kind word that is munificence; so much is there in the way of doing things.

Arthur Helps.

REFLECTIONS IN THE GRAVEYARD.

Peace to the ashes of my absent friends Who lie interred beneath these mould'ring heaps, Where now the solitary tombstone keeps

Sentinel, and where the seared sunflower bends

To ev'ry passing breeze; you once were gay

And full of wisdom, joy and social mirth.

The talented, the smart men of your day,

Though here all mute and mingling with the clay You wait in silence for your earthly birth.

Mysterious change And shall their bodies rise From earth to meet their spirits from the skies?

Where worms and putrefaction have destroyed

The last remains of all their vestige here,

That's now with all the elements alloyed—

Earth, air, gases of this mundane spliere;

These elementary parts composed in whole,

Joined with the human spirit, forms the soul.

No legs, nor arms, like meteors through the air, Disjointed on some far-off battlefield,

As ignorance on supposition build,

Will need to come to form the body fair.

Here lies the seed that will the harvest yield.

Disrupted nature, seeks each part its own

Congenrick kind, so far as nature's known.

Start not, ye skeptics, but ye Saints rejoice,

There's nothing lost;

stern Nature ne'er destroys Herself, though low and rotten with the clod,

The seed of human form will frgm it spring And rise immortal in the form of God,

When freed from sin and its corrupting sting.

Yes, ye'shall rise, and these elements all

From which your bodies on the earth were made.

By food and temp'ranee will be at a call

Bones, flesh, nerves, sinews, unitedly arrayed To form again your bodies from the shade

Of dark forgetfulness and dreary d

That shrouds their noble ashes underneath.

What shall we say of all these little mounds Whose inmates died who knew no sin nor hate?

Shall they arise from these uneven grounds

To share the blessings of a future state

Who had no real probationary claim

To prove them pure and worthy of the same?

Yes, all their agency that gained reward

Was wrought out by them e'er they ventured here;

They got their bodies, laid them under guard

And left to join their first celestial spin

Say, shall the Great Designer not have power

To say return into your form again,

The prestige of your former state and dow'r

And live forever without fear or pain?

Free from the curse of earth's turmoil and storm

Where Nature will not need again reform.

Come then, my soul, keep fast thy faith divine,

While gazing o'er these tombstones, sorry-led,

It will be so, as 'twas by Jesus said,

When He commanded water into wine,

On raising Lazarus to life, when dead.

John Lyon.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, September, 1884.

VOLUME SIX.

It is with feelings of gratitude that we chronicle the successful conclusion of another volume of the Contributor, and review the labors that have been performed in its formation.

The fifth volume of our magazine possesses some distinguishing features that will ever mark it among its companions that have already been issued, or that may in the future bear its title.

Chief of these, of course, will be the historical engraving of "The Three Witnesses,"which forever preserves the likenesses of those distinguished men, whom God honored by the visitation of his angel to them and the revelation of His will delivered by His own voice unto them.

Accompanying the engraving is the History of the Book of Mormon, by Elder George

Reynolds, which has been received by our readers with the utmost satisfaction and interest, and is beyond doubt the most complete and readable epitome of the whole subject ever published, embracing, as it does, an account of the contents and historical facts connected with its coming forth, and its circulation among the nations of the earth.

Many of the most intensely interesting items in this connection were never before published, and certainly the readers of the Contributor may congratulate themselves on being in possession of most valuable and entirely reliable facts, compactly arranged and in form for preservation and ready reference upon this, one of the principal features of Church history.

We might enumerate the other series'in the volume, but it is not necessary.

Volume Five of the Contributor will ever be known as the Book of Mormon volume, and we are led to hope will ever be taken up with pleasure and perused with profit.

For Volume Six it was suggested, perhaps by the death of the venerable and beloved Bishop Hunter, that it be made the volume of the Bishops, at least that it contain in its leading pages an account of the Aaronic Priesthood and the varied and exceedingly important principles associated therewith, in the Government of God.

It occurred to us that in olden times much was written—the burden of Scripture in fact—upon the nature, duties, obligations, authority and labors of the Lesser Priesthood, while in modern times, especially in later years, greater prominence has been given by writers to the High or Melchisedec Priesthood, its authority, duties, etc.

On submitting the proposition, to make the Aaronic Priesthood the leading feature of the new volume, to the authorities, it met their cordial approval, and Bishop Orson

F. Whitney, whose literary ability is well known, and whose interest in the subject, both from his office and connection with one of the presiding Bishops, is naturally very great, was solicited to undertake the preparation of the series.

At first he hesitated, but upon further reflection, and on learning the wishes of

Presiding Bishop William B. Preston, he consented to undertake the task, one which as it grows upon him is giving him great pleasure, and we doubt not will be gratefully appreciated by the many readers of the Contributor, who cannot fail to be edified and blessed in the careful reading of so grand and yet familiar a subject, when presented in a form, we have every reason to expect, will meet the wishes and approval of all intelligent readers.

To make the Bishops'volume—as we expect Volume Six will be so designated—of the greatest possible interest to the

Bishops and Lesser Priesthood and to the people in general, we have arranged to present, in connection with our leading serial, full-page portraits of the four

EDITORIAL.

principal Bishops of the Church, viz:

Edward Partridge, the first Bishop, who was in the days of Kirtland and Missouri, ever distinguished by the Lord as, "The Bishop of my Church in Zion;"Newel K Whitney, Bishop of Kirtland and in Nauvoo, and for many years Presiding Bishop in the valleys where he died;

Edward Hunter, late Presiding Bishop, whose familiar form and eccentric ways are yet green in the memory of the living; William B.

Preston, present Presiding Bishop;

all men whose history and characters are dear to the Latter-day Saints, and whose faces will be looked upon with pleasure, as reminders of the various periods of Church history which they severally represent.

Other serial articles will be contributed by Elders George Reynolds, B. H. Roberts, H. W.

Naisbitt, William W. Day and others, upon a variety of subjects already announced in the prospectus of the volume.

We are promised, in addition to these, some pen portraits of the so-called "Utah reformers,"in which the characteristics of those who have been prominent in their enmity to our people will be "photographed"by the satirical pen of Elder John Nicholson.

Historical Fulfilment of Ancient Prophecies,another serial that escaped mention in the prospectus, will be contributed by Edward E. Brain; and the volume promises to be better supplied with correspondence from abroad, and sketches of people, places and incidents of lasting interest, than any previous one.

We respectfully return our thanks to the patrons of the magazine who have assisted in making it successful, and trust they will be better pleased with the forthcoming volume than with any of its predecessors.

"FOR THE TRUTH'S SAKE."The blood of the martyrs has been taken again to establish the work of God in this generation.

The sad event of August ioth, which records the cruel massacre of four of the servants of God, swells the long list of those who have fallen by the hand of violence for the Truth's sake.

The promises of God are sure, and experience teaches us that faith in them will be verified even to the cruel extreme.

Some must seal their testimony with their life's blood.

It has ever been so from the beginning, and the

Saint whose bosom swells with the inspiration of the Holy Spirit feels in his heart that whatsoever God may require to make his salvation sure and to promote the work of the Lord, is its highest and best desire.

To such it is easy to win a martyr's crown.

For them we can but rejoice, even in the midst of our sorrow and lamentations over the cruelty that deprives us of their companionship and robs us of their aid and society here.

We must bow, in such emergencies, to the will of Him who doeth all things well;

whose purposes are not always manifest to us, but whose interest in the mission we are performing in this life is greater than our own, and whose wisdom is not as the wisdom of men.

The testimony of such a scene as was enacted on that Sabbath morning in Tennessee ought to convict reasonable, intelligent men everywhere, who learn the truth regarding it, of the divinity of the mission the Elders were performing.

The blood of martyrs has always been shed for truth, it is not necessary that it be taken to establish error.

The father of lies is content to let his children enjoy unmolested the brief period of mortal life, but his vengeance frequently overreaches its object in his endeavor to block the progress of truth by taking the lives of those who advocate it.

Truth will prevail, and nothing that the wickedness of Satan, operating through the blindness of a dark and spiritually benighted generation, can do will hinder its progress or delay its glorious victory.

We sorrowfully mourn the loss of Elders John H. Gibbs and Wm. S. Berry and of the young men who stood by them to the death in their hour of martyrdom.

With Brother Gibbs we were personally acquainted, and had enjoyed his society under most delightful circumstances.

He was as pure minded and upright as any man we ever knew.

His greatest interest was in the welfare of Zion, and he was a worker among the

THE CITADEL OP GAETA.

young men of the Improvement Associations, whose example was almost perfect.

He undertook a few years ago, at the time he was president of the Association at Paradise, to effect a reformation among the members and the young men of the settlement generally, not only to have them keep the Word of Wisdom, but to reform their lives so far as bad habits, vulgar speech or conduct marred them.

To accommplish this task, he prayed fervently for guidance and became satisfied that it would be better to avoid in public meetings making any reference to the work he had undertaken.

He resolved upon making a confidant of every young man known to have bad habits, and between each and himself, alone, to reprove their sins, elicit confession and reconcile them to repentance, and thus save his brethren.

How many young men of Paradise and

Richmond know of these confidential labors and have been blessed by them, we do not know, but we are sure that Elder Gibbs'memory will ever be dear to very many because of them.

We sympathize with the bereaved families of these noble men of God, who have given their lives for the Truth's sake.

May the comforting influence of the Spirit of God abide with them, that even they may see in their present loss the infinite gain that our Father shall work out for them and those faithful to Him.

We shall publish in the next issue of the

Contributor a complete historical statement of the massacre and the incidents connected therewith, written for the magazine by Elder B. H. Roberts.

THE CITADEL OF GAETA.

Among the great conflicts which in later years have shaken Europe, and in which our own country has taken so deep an interest, we ought to remember

Garibaldi's brave contest in the south of

Italy, in 1S60, which joined at last both of the Sicilies to one part of the united Italy.

How often was Gaeta mentioned in the reports of the conflict.

It was at Gaeta that King Bomba, the last of the

Neapolitan Bourbons, faithfully assisted by his Amazon wife, defended his fallen throne.

It was here, in their last stronghold, the Bourbon dynasty of Naples, so hateful to the friends of liberty, ended its days.

Gaeta was its last protection, and did not surrender until sickness and loss made any further defense of its terribly assailed fortress impossible to maintain longer.

Those who lived before these events may remember the revolutionary year 184S, when Pope Pius IX was obliged to fly from Rome and seek refuge in Gaeta.

And if one go further back in the history of Italy, he will find that once before has a pope found shelter within its massive walls, and many times has Gaeta endured famous sieges.

In 1712, the Austrians, after having discharged twenty thousand cannon shots and thrown in fourteen hundred bombs, succeeded in taking Gaeta from its small band of defenders, consisting of two thousand four hundred Spaniards.

In 1806, Joseph Bonaparte, brother of

Napoleon I, besieged it for six months before the fortress fell into his hands.

The name Gaeta will always bring to the mind of the well educated, memories of bold conflict and patient endurance.

We can trace it back to the darkness of legendary time, and to the Roman period.

Virgil tells us that its Latin and ancient name, Cajeta, has its origin from having been the burial-place of Cajeta, the nurse of./Eneas, who followed him here after his long travels.

Strabo says it comes from a Laconian term, Baidria, a hollow or cavity, alluding to a receding of the shore.

Gaeta, indeed, can rival Rome in age, and during the reign of her emperors was a favorite resort for the nobles.

In Gaeta are many classic remains.

There are to be seen ruins of villas, theatres, and of the circus, and there is a fine marble vase by the Athenian sculptor, Salpione.

In the great strong tower of the citadel is the tomb of the Constable Bourbon, killed when Rome was taken in 1527.

In its early growth we see the coming grandeur of Italy's proudest republics.

There are now above sixteen thousand people in Gaeta, thriving upon its fisheries, and oil and wine and fruit trade.

THR ONE WAY.

Ml Gaeta is most beautifully situated on a promontory projecting into the Mediterranean, and joined to the mainland by a low, narrow isthmus, protected by solid walls.

On the lop of this promontory is the circular tower d'Orlundo, said to be the ancient mausoleum of Lucius Munatius Glaucus, the friend of Augustus.

The striking position of Gaeta makes it a strong fortress, and also gives it a delightful climate.

So high is the promontory that on all sides the cooling sea breezes come, soothing and allaying the oppressive summer heat.

Its beautiful bay has been celebrated in the verse of Homer, Virgil and Horace.

The deep blue sky, the not less glorious ocean;

the glowing, ever changing green and olive and orange, all worked into life with Horace's fairest children by the warm sun of lovely Italy, contribute to the great attractions of this fair spot of earth.

Beyond the region of the Alps the sun never shines as brightly as on Gaeta's matchless landscape, with its ever variegated charm.

If you are right, you can conquer.

THE ONE WAY.

Men acquire impressions in regard to some matters, more from their own feelings than from honest love of the right and true.

There are those, also, who assert themselves and parade their knowledge in such a way that it becomes an offense even without intention.

The best and most successful of teachers are those who have humbly sought without dogmatism to present the truth, whether that truth was new, or seen in new combinations, or as being arrived at through the flexible law of personal experience.

Truth may be so advocated that it shall repel, or it may be so clad that it is transparent as the atmosphere of early summer.

The tone, the language, the spirit of an educational effort may win the heart, and satisfy the judgment, and convert the soul, where another teacher may be accepting and enforcing the very same truth, principle, dogma or thought, and resistance will be evoked;

there will be repulsion rather than attraction, and increased prejudice rather than education.

There are those who are advocates of plain speaking, and these in practice rarely "become all things to all men in order that they may save some,"their own ideas, conceptions, and evidences or proofs, are not as conclusive to everybody as to themselves, and repudiation of vital truths is not always the product of prejudice, or from desire to avoid an issue because of consequences.

In the presentation of unknown truths, by an experienced speaker, there is always present the assumption of ignorance as to the listener, and there is nothing more offensive to a sensitive and conscientious mind than the implication of ignorance; by an expression, self-respect or self-love may be so wounded, that time alone will bring healing enough for after consideration.

Truths are often most potent when presented by illustration. Eastern methods are apparently more decided in this direction than are those practiced by the denizens of a more cold and northern temperature.

The Bible is a literal storehouse of teaching by illustration, and no teacher ever reached the matchless method adopted by Jesus of bringing home through the every-day avocations of life, the sublime, yet simple truths He taught.

How many hardened men and worldly women have melted beneath the parable of the prodigal son?

How many resolves have borne precious grain in the harvest field of sectarian religious life, from fervid home thrusts drawn from this pregnant illustration?

Take the parables of the vineyard, the sower, the fisherman's net, the lost sixpence, and many others, and the secret as to why "the common people heard him gladly,"is very easy of solution.

Somewhere it is said that "a truth poorly presented is

THE ONE WAY.

of less force than an erroneous principle well presented,"and it was doubtless something of this idea which found expression in the heading of The Mormon, published by President Taylor in the city of New York: "It is better to represent ourselves, than to be misrepresented by others;"yet even this might have been supplemented by an idea uttered by the once reformer, Joseph Barker, he said, "I am not so anxious that the people should understand me, as that they shall not misunderstand me."

Immortal John Bunyan was an apt desciple of Paul in his estimate of human nature, and in his desire by adaptation to reach for good the greatest number of his fellowmen.

Hear how he sings:

"You see the ways the fisherman doth take

To catch the fish; what engines he doth make.

Behold! how he engageth all his wits;

Also his snares, lines, angles, hooks and nets

Yet fish there be, that neither hook nor line,

Nor snare, nor net, nor engine, can make thine;

They must be groped for, and be tickled too,

Or they will not be catched whate'er you do.

How does the fowler seek to catch his game?

By divers means, all which one cannot name.

His guns, his nets, his lime-twigs, light and bell;

He creeps, he goes, he stands, yea, who can tell

Of all his postures?

Yet there's none of these Will make him master of what fowl he please.

Yea, he must pipe and whistle to catch this,

Yet, if he does so, that bird he will miss."

It is partly, no doubt, due to this, that his wonderful allegory, embracing the travels of Christian and his family from "the City of Destruction,"to the "Celestial

City,"has won such a marvelous and enduring popularity, and making it next to the Bible, the most extensively translated and published of all the books of Christendom.

A truth may be eternal and logical to the extreme, and yet rebellion seems to spring from its promulgation; of such principles that of the unity of salvation, is the most prominent, but it often offends because of its presentation; and while no man of conviction or experience would seek to evade the issues involved in such a truth, yet it may be softened by illustration, by conclusion drawn from every day experience, and by enlightened appeal to the reason, judgment and experience of those, who are strangers to the consideration of its righteousness and reasonableness, and repelled because there is more or less of reflection as to their research, intelligence and desire.

Men are willing to believe that in the days Of the Savior it could be safely asserted, that in Him, and in His gospel alone, all men might find salvation;

modern liberalism and unbelief doubts this because of the absorption of error, and thinks that the vast nations and hosts of heathendom, because they have never heard the name of Jesus Christ are forever numbered with the lost.

There is, however, one church in Christen - dom that denies salvation to all heretics and unbelievers, and everywhere concludes that those living and dying without priestly teaching, without sacramental efficacy, without church membership, are verily and indeed the children of the evil one, and that salvation to those outside its pale, is of so little value and significance as to be unworthy of name.

Some of the daughters of this mother church, hold in a modified form to the power of her rites, ceremonies and priesthood, because they have become divested of the more glaring errors and evils of their gigantic and overshadowing spiritual predecessor.

Then there are numberless sectaries and little church coteries, who hang and air their secession in some special or single truth, as though treason and division were only to be overlooked because of the infinitesimal reason for such secession.

Disputants are very rare in Christendom as to the need of salvation by fallen man, and probably most would admit that no system or order of things could be better or more likely to achieve this salvation, than the one revealed and established by Jesus; preached by His successors, and embalmed as history in the New Testament, loved and cherished ostensibly by myriads now, and in the ages of the past.

Yet the churchman says, "Episcopalianism was good enough for my fathers and mothers, and

I guess

THE ONE WAY.

it will be good enough for me."The Methodist and the members of every religious body, say, "As my parents lived and died, so also will I live and die; and the gospel that saved them and gave them Jesus will surely give me the blessings 1 am satisfied they received."Their religious views are not personal but traditional, and query as to their truth or error, their value or consistency is as far from consideration as the ethics of Confucius.

It will be seen on trial, how far-reaching education, tradition and custom may be felt when you call in question by suggestion of personal enquiry the wisdom, devotion and religious life of a man's father, mother, or school teacher.

Many rebel instinctively, some violently, but almost all resent this wholesale destruction of their "household gods."

Yet, to call in question the conclusions of ages, seems to be in the line of every "Mormon"Elder's mission, or if not so, he, by virtue of ordination and testimony does this by the preaching of the Gospel, even if allusion to popular faiths is outside of his method and contrary to his calling.

And yet it is astonishing how readily men lend themselves to the same vital truth when they meet it in the uncontroversial walks of life.

It is incumbent on every child sent to school for the acquisition of the rudiments of mental and scholastic salvation, that he shall pursue an exclusive routine.

A, B, C, is in the very nature of things at the threshold of advancement in this direction, and no "royal road"has ever yet been discovered that could dispense with so easily understood a course;

it never yet was made the excuse for the withdrawal of a pupil that he was obliged to pursue this inexorable and exclusive method.

So when men seek to give their sons the knowledge of a trade or profession, when women seek to make their daughters good housekeepers, good prospective wives and mothers, the routine of discipline only begets experience when established upon well understood and everywhere acknowledged fundamentals of domestic success.

Still more close is the parallel between the precision of courts in the granting of naturalization to the alien, and the precision of the Gospel in conferring blessings only, or at all events most assuredly through well arranged, and divinely revealed routine in the great science of salvation.

Charging the "Mormons"with dogmatism, with illiberality, with lack ol charily, because they credit divinity with at least as much intelligence as man, is something that is strange, passing strange;

to declare that human method means order, system, law, and to believe that divine method is confused and chaotic, that the methods devised are not best, the very best, without contest or equivocation, is to assign to Deity that mental and spiritual weakness and imbecility which all experience deprecates in man.

In fact, the eternal unity and sameness of the Gospel plan, is the best evidence of its high origin and its infallible triumph;

if so important a matter had been left to schools or governments, or if man had been endowed with the power of individual choice, yet limited vision, the membership of churches would have been also limited;

for every man would have been his own, and the unity of creation, of science, of human practice in all material and progressive directions would only have burlesqued the insufficiency of Deity in the guarantees of a limitless and now assured future.

We are fond—that is, the religious world are fond—of quoting the realization of marvelous blessings on obedience to command; reference is made to the eating of the forbidden fruit;

to Naaman the captain of the Syrian host;

to the lifting up of the brazen serpent; to the sounding of the ram's horns around the walls of Jericho; to the building of

Noah's Ark; but when it comes to Gospel rite, to baptism, to the laying on of hands, to the blessings following the believer, to the organization of the ancient church, to a Priesthood possessing authority, to the gathering of the Saints, to the building of the Kingdom of God upon the earth;

sectarianism

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

does not know, salaried ministers are not sure, Christendom waxes mad, and for God to interfere with or regulate society, in morals, in marriage, in religion, in colonization or trade is supposed to be repugnant to the civilization of this age, and a libel on the multiplicity of schools, the power of the press and the labors of a hireling ministry, so that nothing but persecution, oppression, falsehood and blood can meet or cope with the quietly asserted truths of the Gospel of Christ, and the testimony of the Elders in regard to "the dispensation of the fulness of times."

Yet "Mormonism"is truth, God's purpose is manifest in its promulgation and success, as well as in the reflection of that message which bringeth "salvation to all men,""especially them that believe."The unity and beneficence of the Almighty will be made manifest, and while human "ignorance and inherited superstition may bid defiance to the truth for but a little season, the prophet declared that in due time the Son of Man would be revealed, taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the Gospel."H.

IV. Naisbitt.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

NOTICE.

The Semi-Annual Conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations will be held probably on Sunday evening, October 5th, at least on one evening during the General Conference.

The superintendents and other officers are requested to be present.

It is expected that important instructions will be given the officers for the coming winter's session, and all, so far as possible, should avail themselves of their benefit.

Those Stakes failing last spring to send their statistical reports are requested to do so now, that the general records may be complete for last season's work.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE.—EMERY STAKE.

The conference of the Y. M. M.

I. A.

of this Stake was held at Castle Dale, Emery County, Utah, August 30, 1S84, occupying the afternoon.

There were present on the stand, President Joseph

F. Smith, Apostle Erastus Snow, President C. G. Larsen and counsel, and Bishops, High Councilors, presidents of Associations, etc.

Conference called to order by Superintendent

Jewkes.

Huntington choir sang.

Prayer by Elder J.

E. King, of.

Ferron.

Castle Dale choir sang.

Each Ward was represented and the Associations reported as doing well and holding meetings regularly except in one or two places;

nearly every Association is raising a crop of grain with the intention of buying libraries with the proceeds;

Huntington Association has a library already which consists of about one hundred and twenty-five volumes.

Brother O. W. Warner, of Moab, gave some good instruction on the Word of Wisdom, followed by Superintendent S.

R. Jewkes and J. F. Foot on same subject, all speaking from interesting experience.

The general and Stake officers were sustained, the latter as follows:

S. R.

Jewkes, superintendent;

J. F. Wakefield and C. G. Larsen, Jr., counselors; John S.

Curtis, recording secretary;

M.

E.

Johnson, corresponding secretary; John

Y. Jensen, treasurer.

President Joseph F. Smith addressed the congregation upon the subject of improvement and the objects of the Associations and duties of members and officers, and urged that we all endeavor to make the work of Mutual Improvement a success.

Huntington choir sang.

Benediction by Counselor C. G. Larsen, Jr.

M. E. Johnson, Corresponding Secretary.

"The Glory of God is Intelligence."THE CONTRIBUTOR representing the young men's and young ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations of the Latter-Day Saints.

VOLUME FIVE.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PRINTED BY DESERET NEWS C (MPAN^ 1884.

Association Intelligence:

Semi-Annual Conferences 40, 79, 279 Notice of Quarterly Conferences....

40, 160 Quarterly Conferences Utah Cache Sanpete •..

Summit Box Klder Sevier Emery Report Blanks Names of Officers; Weber.

Sanpete Juab Questions to Answer Answers to Questions Sandwich Island Associations Notice A Masterly Retreat Graeme.

A Prayer Ruby Lamont.

At Sea C.

V. Spencer.

A Warrior Queen Selected.

Angela; A Christmas Story Augusta Joyce Crocheron.

A Christmas Idyl O. F.

Whitney.

A Marvel and a Wonder....James'H. Hart.

.V Historical Building Geo.

C. Lambert. 327 Apostasy J. L. Roblson. 329,424 Architecture of Common Houses IV. S. Hedges.

373, 428, 451 British Braves C. W. Stayner.

Benvenuto Cellini Selected. 316 British Columbia J. H.

Ward. 462 Captain Matthew Webb Co-operation H. H. Aaisbilt.

103, 197, 224 Conspiracy of Nauvoo... Horace Cunimings.

Crossing the Mediterranean Selected. 260 Chinese Gordon Century. 396 Down the Lakes J. H. Ward.

Does the Bible contain all the Scriptures?..

D. H. Roberts.

Divine Authority A. At. Buchanan.

Down the St. Lawrence J. H.

Ward.

Daniel, the Medo-Persian Prime Minister...

Hannah T. King. 215 Dreamland J. E. Talmage. 385 Editorial:

The Three Witnesses Reformation Charles C. Rich Our Prize Christmas Story Lorenzo M. Richards Editorial:

General Thomas L. Kane Statistical Reports Summer Adjournment A Word in Time I,ogan Temple Encouragement to the Elders ( W.

Woodruff). 394 William W.Taylor Volume Six "For the Truth's Sake"Edward Hunter O. F.

Whitney.

Extinction of Druidism C.

II. Stayner.

Falls of the Yellowstone...Moses Thatcher.

Federal Judges of L'tali Fish Lake N. L. Nelson. 435 Granite Rock Jos.

T. Kingsbury.

Governors of Utah History of the Book of Mormon Geo.

Reynolds.

"The Three Witnesses"(Steel Engraving), Frontispiece Autographs of the Three Witnesses....

The Original Records Contents of the Records 41, 81, 121, 161, 201, Discovery of the Records Translation of the Records 321, 361, 401, Heritage of Drunkenness Hudson Bay Territory /. //. H ard. 370 Interview with David Whitmcr James H. Hart.

Ireland and the Irish R.

A". Spence.

28, 64, 99, 184, 267 Indian Summer 'lincthyst.

International Battle Grounds.v/. H.

Hard.

In Memory E. H. Anderson.

Jim; Story of an Indian De Vallibus.

a5 Kraaling Wild Elephants The Republic. 337 Louis Kossuth...

Life on the Indian Reservations De Vallibus...310, 430, 467 Legend of Montrose H. L. A. Culmcr.

340, 378, 417.

Morality in Legislation S.

W. R.

Moral Effects of Tea and Coffee

Making a Home H.J. Richards. 287 Musical Instruments and Musical Culture..

Phren. Journal. 305

Native Tribes of the Far North

F. E. Barker.

New York Stock Exchange Youth's Companion.

Overthrow of Gog and Magog O. F.

Whitney.

33Political Institutions J. M. Tanner.

11, 50, 88, 206, 409 Publications Received 159, 280, 440 Perfect Law of Liberty B. H. Roberts.

Pinkerton, the Detective Phrcn. Journal. 465 Quebec and Maritime Provinces J. H.

Ward.

Rainy Days Amethyst.

Right Survives Might Essay Caigh.

Reminders Amethyst.

Rest Robert Smyth.

Retrospection Emmeline B.

Wells.

Response to the Power of Song E. R. Snow.

Royal Saxon Remarkable Dreams Add-Caput-Ville. 411 Reflections in the Graveyard John Lyon. 473 Sermons and Writings of the Prophets

Life and Death Brigham Young.

Plurality of Wives Brigham Young.

Mahometanism and Christianity Parley P. Pratt.

Slander B. H. Roberts.

Signs of Christ's Coming—The End R.

S. Spence.

Schubert the Composer Selected.

Study of Nature.....

W. H. Apperley. 320 Stage Struck logo. 357 Some Strange Metals Student-Life at Leipzig, Youth's Companion. 470

The Druids of Ancient Britain C.

IV. Stayner.

The St. Gotthard Railway Selected The Engraver's Delight A. B. Hall.

The Niagara Frontier J. H.

Ward.

Thomas Jefferson...

Henry H. Rolapp.

Two Christmas Eves Homespun.

The Political Situation Ar.

Tanner, Jr.

148, 176, 230 The Mistletoe The Birds Christmas Dinner The Warfare of the Britons C.

W. Stayner.

The Millennial Star Geo.

C. Lambert.

The Visible and the Invisible J. L. Robison.

220, 292 The Canadian Metropolis J. H.

Ward.

The Gift of Memory Samuel Smiles.

The Scotland C.

W. Stayner.

The Temporal Power of the Pope

Ed. E. Brain.

The Magnetic Needle....Jas. H. Martineau. 270

The Habit of Grumbling... E. H. Anderson. 275

Trinity Church Jas. H. Hart. 276 The Name of America The Power of Song H. W. A'aisbitt. 288 The Jews Hannah T. King.

Times Revenges Essay Caigh. 308 The History of a Life The Esquimaux F. E. Barker. 318 The Canadian Northwest J. H.

Ward. 331 The Great Tidal Wave H.

W.Naisbitt. 334, 388 The Craniologist's Paradise Phren. Journal. 347 The Natal Day of Liberty... O. F. Whitney.

The National Political Struggle.S. A. K. 383 The Children C. M. Dickenson. 408 The Queen's Household Youth's Companion. 413 The Army Richard W, Young.

417, 447 The Poet's Passion H W, A'aisbitt. 433 The Spirit of Jane Adair Augusta Joyce Crocheron. 464 The Blarney Stone The Citadel of Gaeta The One Way H. W.Naisbitt. 477 Use of Big Words Chamber's Journal.

Vacation H. W. Naisbitl, Jr.

Wonders of the Yellowstone—The Geysers De Vallibus.

5, 47, 86 Whims of Celebrated Men Selected, 219 Wade out and Swim Back

.TEASDEL SALT X^JvE CITY.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, lotions, AND ALL KINDS OF GENERAL MERHANDLSE.

Best Houso fox* IFgi/ra ily S&-«.j£>3p±:Los.

S.

IF. TE^SIO^I-,.

p. o. BOX 352.

East Temple Street.

To tato of to-midi BOOTS and SHOES, The Just rwiown of the Boots and S^ioes made by h FACTORY Has caused other makers to Imitate our (roods.

J\ «W B2WAE3 OP IMITATION. -** y Purchase only those bkab- i H.

B. CUWSON, Dealer In Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of nil ktnds, St torn Scrapers, Victor One Mills,.Tamos Letfel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Hteol Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Churoh Bolls, Kennedy's celebrated Kheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, BUYS AND 1NMTNAL MASONS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER,

BUILDER <fe CONTRACTOR;

F. 0. Bex, 1065, SALT LAXZ CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

^^<C^.C<C^>K.^ I Office and Work S7wp, 67 and 69 Main Street.

Ufholstef^y, Redding, f^UF^NITUF^E, Fbathe f^s—-^A/YfW*—

Blinds, Baby C ARHIAGE8,

o* UBBBP Pi TJISE CEkfiSKKATIiJ* ft I -&.aa.a:eio-^:d a-A-is-ars.

WAGOXS, CARRIAGES,:s:\ 31ACUIXEITC AtfD OIPJLEMEJTTS.

Geo. T. Oilcll, Heber «J". Grant, %T. F. Grant, y (SUCCESSORS TO L. B. MATTISON.) Half Block South of Theatre, Salt •9 ly.

•w HARNESS AXJ) (JEXKUAL AGRICULTURAL SUIMPJ.aJlS.

rn ASS1L0H TBBE5HERS, RAID PLOWS, HIT BAKES.

C/3 EMPIRE* DEALERS AND CONTRACTORS.

st»vifc!»> rota) s*«§P reSSKx ee^r 1 *9*»;"Everything in Our Line. FIRST CLASS.

FRESH AND CURED MEATS IN SEASON.

empire.

First South St., got EMPIRE.

% Mmsmi^mJe* w> el «> j Wholesale and lief ail Den Ires in w FARM MACHINERY.

Moline Wagons, Deering Twine Binders, Buford Rock Island Plows, Quaker City Mowers, Eagle Hay Rakes, Single Reapers, Etc.

salt Xj^.k:s: cxitt, tjt-a.^s.

P. 0> Box, 75 Send for Circulars and Brier Lists.

ROS.

1URTON 11 -*#GEPRHIi MEEtCP^piSE,**!

^ 1A WABIHOISE.:;^ Opposite Z. c. M.

I anas s^wisra:^- fie eotttb.

From 2 to 12 HOURS SAVES 82^Si,£S&.

,'?2 *S?* M<LlM§»» tilSlli mi iante 1e II., 1 Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

DEKYER & RIO GK-A-IEnDIE IR/1T, Elegant Pullman. Sleeping Gars and Day Coaches.

Best Ra iroad Dining Hails.

P. J. FI/FSBf, Gen. A si., Salt Lake City.

a T. DSRCAn, Traveling A sent W. F. W221TE, G«o. Pass, «fc TrU'<ARt.,Topo!ta, linn.

Dr. Seymour B.

i omg s mmss 1 5SB^BgEY.

Greed Vaneiv.

Ail Select.

The Best and Cheapest in the Market.

JOHN READING, p. q. Box.

sr-cond Soiuh S'rrot *s 3LU Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

1884.

SEASON OF.1884.

1384.

ANNOUNCES A FULL SUPPLY OK Williams 9 Reapers and Mowers, Johnston Ileapers and Mowers, Weir Sulky and Hand Plows and Harrows, Seeders,

Drills, Hay Rakes, Cultivators, Horse Hay Forks, etc.

Proprietor anH Manufacturer of the ROSIER FilKSINC MILLomeE AND YARD CORK£R EAST O? tHEATRE,

SALT, LAKE CITY.

44 Maia St., SALT LAZE CITY B. H. QODDAED.

JUNIUS F. WELLS.

H.

J. GRANT.

•fc Fire insurance and Loan Agents.

-—^ R©Bf©s©mt GE©n;© Office: Hooper cSs IHIia.red.gre BlocJc, Salt ICalsze Cit3r.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

OTTERS L TOLL LIHS 0?

(Senegal CQet^ghandiseJ* WHiCH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT LAKE CTTY.

i^fes**- AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES;

"CHAMPION MONITOR,""CHARTER OAK,"AND OTMER CGOKINC* AND HEATIRO 5TOV8S.

IUNK BOOKS. STATIONERY.

INK. ETC

^OILATIMIIE] SIS:, 1884-5.

The publisher takes pleasure in directing attention to some of the principal features o New Volume, which will commence with the October number and be issued on the first o1 month thereafter:

l III. AAUOMC PRIESTHOOD, scries.if twelve papers by Bishop Orson

F. Whitney.

This scries will be accompanied b) FOUR FULL PAGE STEEL ENGRAVINGS:

Edward Partridge, First Bishop of the church.

Newel K. Whitney, Bishop of Rutland.

Edward Hunter, Late Presiding Bishop.

Wm. B. Preston, Present Presiding i Biographies of each will appear with the engravings;

also biographical sketches of the late Bishops Leonard W. Hardy and Edwin D. Wooi.i.kv.

The Karly Christian Church and the

Apostasy, By Klder George Reynolds.

Celestial Marriage and Congressional

Knactnients, By Elder B.

H.

Roberts.

Martyrs of the Church, An account of those who have suffered martyrdom in the latter days.

Oramatic Incidents of Church History.

By H. W. Naisbitt, Esq.

Australasia and the JIaories.

By W. W. Day, Esq.

.Scones and Incidents in Sunny Italy,

By Dr. E. B. Ferguson.

Modern India, By Elder William W. Willes.

Music in Utah, Including a tribute to the memory of the late David O. Calder, by Evan Stephens, Esq.

Historical <« linipscs of Colonial Times.

By Lieut.

Richard W. Young.

The Carthaginians.

Including a brief life of Hannibal, by Mana M |ohnson.

Popular Science Sketches.

By Prof. James E. Talmage.

Health Series, By Heber J.

Richards, M.

I).

Temple Stones.

By Theodore J.

Angell.

Early Home Iiife in Xew England.

And other sketches, by Mrs. Hmmelinc B. Well-.

Haunts of British Poets.

Birthplace and grave of Byron;

Burns'cottage and monument; home of Shakspeare.

A Historical Iteconl.

Preserving interesting dates and events of each month, by Andrew fenson, Esq.

A PRIZE CHRISTMAS STORY AND POEM,

For the "Contributor Souvenir Medal"and prizes.

Association Intelligence, Correspondence, Book Reviews,

Questions and Answers and a great variety of first class reading matter.

Officers and members of Associations are urgently requested to write for the magazine.

TO AGENTS AND OFFICERS OF T. M. M.

I. A:

We have made arrangements to distribute to the libraries of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, FREE OF COST, TEN WEBSTKR's UNABRIDGED

DICTIONARIES, latest edition, as described in the advertising pages of the CONTRIBUTOR, and sold at retail for 512.00 each, subject to the following conditions:

To the Y. M. M.

I. A. library of each of the ten Wards having the largest paid up subscription list for VOLUME SIX, on the sixth day of April, 1885, will be given a WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED

DICTIONARY.

Any Ward able to supply thirty subscribers may hope to be one of the fortunate ten.

Agents in places where there are more Wards than one will always state the Ward every subscriber lives in when sending their names.

SI USCRIPTIOX: Two Hollars per Annum, in Advance.

Bound Volumes, Two Dollars and a Half.

Volumes bound in excellent style for sub* at Fifty Cents each.

Ten per cent will be allowed Agents on collections made by them.

General Traveling Agent, Matthias F.

Coyvi.i.y.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Contributor Office, Main St., opposite Z. C. M.

I., p.o. Box 30s.

Salt Lake City.

Remit by draft, P.

O. Order or registered letter.

Address.