.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

APRIL, 1&S4.

No.

7.

©F?€ A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAX.TT Jt,AKL€ CXVY, UTTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR APRIL, 1884.

PAGE History of the Book of Mormon.

Contents of the Records.

VI.. George Reynolds The Gift of Memory Samuel Smiles To Scotland Chas.

IV. Stayner Conspiracy of Nauvo"> Horace Cummings Crosing the Me Htenunean Selected..,,r±t The Temporal Power of the Popes

Ed. E. B&f&rr Ireland and the Irish Robt. S.'&pence The Magnetic Needle yames H. Martineau Editorial:

Statistical Reports The Habit of Grumbling Edward H. Anderson Trinity Church Janies H. Hart The Name of America....;

Association Intelligence:

Semi- Annual Conference Answers to Questions Publications Received:

Tullidge's Querterly Cram's Atlas Wholesale and Retail Dealers in

FARM MACHINERY.

Moline Wagons, Deering Twine Binders, Buford Rock Island Plows, Quaker City Mowers, Eagle Hay Rakes, Single Reapers, Etc.

S-A-LT XJ-A.SZE CUT, TJT-^ia:.

P 0- Box, 75L Send for Circulars and Price Lists.

ARDY Rros. §L Ourton t M WABtEOTH&gfe opposite z. c. m.

i- kT 9) f IfoWQlfft;X c e ta Gt:s:8 nd is2-main street, s.

SilvwJe lated i

THE OLDEST, LARGEST and J(ost Complete furniture DtalsMent in the Rocky JonitaiM.

CAIIEWVX, ATTENTION atVEN TO OHBJSMS BY MAIL.

H, DINVVOODEY, First South Street W- Dr. Seymonr B. Young rmiciu Office and Residence, 4th East

St., be jween South Temple and 1st South Sis.

FLQWEIS I SHBUBBEBY.

Great Vartel v.

All Select.

The Best and Cheapest in the Market.

JOHN READING, P. O. Box.

3">8.

Second Sou in Street 1884.

SEASON OF 1884.

1884.

ANNOUNCES A FULL SUPPLY OK Williams'Reapers and Mowers, Johnston Reapers arid Mowers, Weir Sulky and Hand Plows and Harrows, Seeders,

Drills, Hay Rakes, Cultivators, Horse Hay Forks, etc.

Proprietor and Manufacturer of the ROSIER FANNING MILL.

QFFIPE AND YARD CORNER EAST OF THEATRE,

SALT LAKE CITY.

AARON FARR, Manager.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

0FFS2S A TOLL LINE 07 General (Be^ghandise,!**- WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH OF SALT LAKE CTTY.

S00TS AND SHOES, AND«„MAKE* JIEfl'g, Y@Mpg*?ip B@Yg'CIiOTfllNG.

'CHAMPION MONITOR,''CHARTER OAK."AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY.

INK. ETC.

.P.TEA SALT JL..VTCE (.Ti'V WnOLKSADK AND HETATL DEALER, IN Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, AND ALL KINDS OF GENERAL MERHANDISE.

Best l£o\iso for JT^xaaily SSxi.;£>;e>:o ©S.

S.

IP. TEA-SDEL.

Bast Temple Street.

1'.

0. BOX 3S2.

To PsrdiMsn of B013BO0I8 nl 8BD23, The Just renown of tho Boots and S^oes mjide by E K M, L FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Goods.

see- BSWA23 0?

IMITATION. •« Purchase only those bearXN'G our brand.

^^yc^yc^otdj^o^:V H.

B. C.LAWSOW, Dealer In Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Koftom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James r.e-'- fel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable H»y

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's filed Barb Fence Wir?, Farm and Church Hells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1210 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, wit m mmm mason* PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTKACTOB;

P. 0. Bex, 1065, SALT LAEE CIT7.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

Upholstery, "-^fc^**Vli^, iWi^*1* BIDDING, f U RJM I T U F^E FSATHE I\_S Blind J3aby p ARRIAGES,

U>i >l Til E CELEBRATED ITCHELL WAGON DEALERS IN WAGOX8, CARRIAGES, •»;\ J1ACHIXKRY A1VD IMPLEMENTS.

Geo. T. Oilell, Jleber J. Grant, (SUCCESSORS TO L. B. MATTISON.).7. V, Grant LL I CO., B. MATTISON.) Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.

HARNESS AXH UKVKIUh AdiierciJiiTritAL si;fi»j.des.

lASSiLON THRESHERS, HAND PLOWS. HAY

RAKES.

Oo in 3Dm go oo EMPIRE.

EMPIRE j S BROTHERS DEALEES AND CONTBACTOES.

3m3JL rt> A eft.

<^TOAA =(i6&rt> «i T^rt^ |:m|^tp.

Everything in Our Line FIRST CLASS

FRESH AND CURED MEATS IN SEASON.

empire, i First Sooll St., CUT EMPIRE.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. V.

APRIL, 1884.

No.

7.

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

VI.

THE CONTENTS OF THE RECORDS.

Let us return to the year B.

C.

At that time the Nephites in the land of

Nephi were suffering sore afflictions at the hands of the Lamanites.

In this extremity, Limhi, their king, sent a company of forty-three men, with instructions to discover, if possible, their brethren, in the land of Zarahemla, that peradventure they would bring them succor and deliverance. The expedition was unsuccessful, so far as its immediate object was concerned.

The company missed the land of Zarahemla, pushed northward into Central America, and how far beyond we cannot tell.

At last they discovered the remains of an ancient people who had apparently been destroyed in battle.

Among other things they found twenty-four plates of gold, covered with engravings.

This treasure, with some other relics of the vanished race, they took back to King Limhi.

When, shortly after, this section of the Nephite people escaped from their Lamanite taskmasters and returned to Zarahemla, the twenty-four golden plates were presented to King Mosiah, the younger, and he being a seer, translated them by the aid of the Urim and

Thummim, or, as described in the Book of Mormon, the interpreters, or "two stones which were fastened into the two rims of a bow."These plates were found to contain the history of the world from the creation to the time of the building of the

Tower of Babel, and then of the race whose remains had been found by the people of Limhi scattered on the land northward.

This was, however, not the first intimation that the Nephites had of the existence of this extinct people;

for in the days of the elder Mosiah a large engraved stone was brought to him that had been discovered by the people of Zarahemla.

It gave a very brief account of this same race, but more particularly referred to its last ruler, named Coriantumr, which Coriantumr had himself been known to the Zarahemlaites, for he had, previous to his death, resided in their midst for nine months.

This race is known to the readers of the Book of Mormon as THE JAREDITES.

The history that we have of this remarkable people, as given in the Book of Mormon, is Moroni's abridgment of the record contained on the twenty-four plates of gold.

It entirely passes over the earlier portions of the history, and commences with the dispersion of the human family when God confounded their language at the Tower of Babel.

Interspersed with the narrative are many interpolations of Moroni's, in the shape of reflections, prophecies and explanatory remarks.

As these additions or notes by the compiler are inserted in the body of the work, and not as foot notes, the reader of this abridgment has to use care in its perusal, or his ideas are apt to become confused, and he is troubled to account for statements, which become perfectly plain when it is understood they were written nearly four hundred years after the advent of the Holy

Savior.

This history of the Jaredites is

-42 HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

called the Book of Ether, because the twenty-four plates from which it is taken were hidden by a Jaredite prophet, named Ether, in the place where they were afterwards discovered by the people of King Limhi.

The ancestors of the Jaredites were engaged in the attempt to build the Tower of Babel.

It is probable they were of the family of Shem, as they were worshipers of the true God, and He conferred upon them His priesthood.

How far they had wandered from the tower, if at all, when the Lord commenced the revelation of His will to them, is not apparent from the sacred text.

They were commanded by Him to go "down into the valley which is northward,"and as the expressions up and down, when they occur in the Book of Mormon in connection with geographical locality, are always used with great exactitude, we may venture two surmises: that Jared and his friends had already wandered into some not far distant hilly region, or that the valley into which they were commanded to descend sloped towards the north, the flow of its waters, if any, being in that direction.

In the days of the Nephites, the expression down is always used for north when referring to the places in and about the valley of the river Sidon (now the Magdalena), which empties into the Caribbean Sea.

The valley into which the Lord led the

Jaredites was called Nimrod, after that mighty hunter of the early post-diluvian age. We shall not attempt to trace the wanderings of the company on their way to the promised land.

The account given in the Book of Ether is entirely too meagre for that purpose. Some suppose they went as far north as the Caspian Sea, which they crossed, then turning eastward slowly journeyed along the great central Asian plateau, thence to the Pacific seaboard, most probably on the coast of China.

These suppositions may be correct, the writer does not know enough to either affirm or deny them;

but one thing is certain, the journey must have been a very long and tedious one, encumbered as the company was, with the flocks, seeds, etc., which they took with them to stock the land to which God was leading them.

The region through which they passed was one in which no man dwelt, they could purchase no supplies, and if they did not live entirely on wild fruit, fish and small game, it is probable that they tarried now and again, at favorable points, long enough to plant and reap a crop.

As they advanced to a great distance from the centre of population in western Asia, it is possible that they traveled beyond the limits to which the larger animals had, by that time, scattered; and if so, they were entirely without the aid of the food obtained by the chase; on the other hand, it is probable that the fish in the lakes and rivers formed a valuable source of food supply; yet it must also be remembered they carried fish in a vessel with them.

According to the generally accepted chronology, which may be right or may be wrong, the building of Babel commenced a little over one hundred years after the Deluge.

Through their prayers and faith the founders of the Jaredite nation obtained many precious promises of the Lord.

Among these was the assurance that their language should not be confounded, and that the Lord himself would go before them and lead them into a land choice above every other land. And again, than the nation that they should found there should be none greater upon all the face of the earth.

The history of their descendants proves how fully this last promise was realized.

The cotemporary nations on the eastern continent—Egypt, Chaldea and Babylonia, were insignificant when compared with the vast extent of territory held and filled by the Jaredites;

they were the sole rulers of the whole western hemisphere, and possibly the originals, whence arose the stories of the greatness and grandeur of the fabled Atlantis;

for we have no account in the sacred records that God shut them out from the knowledge of the rest of mankind, when he planted them in America, as he afterwards did the Nephites;

and late research has shown that the geographical knowledge

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

of the ancients was much greater in the earlier ages than at the time of the Savior and a few hundred years previous to His advent.

Led hy the Lord personally, instructed by His own mouth, protected hy His presence, the colony, of which Jared's brother appears to have been the prophet and leader, at last reached the borders of the great sea which divides the continents.

To the place where they tarried they gave the name of Moriancumer.

Here they remained four years;

at the end of which period the brother of Jared was commanded by the Lord to build eight barges, after the same pattern as those he had previously constructed.

This command he obeyed with the assistance of the company. The vessels were small, light in construction and water tight.

As they were dark in the interior, by reason of being without windows, the

Lord, at the entreaty of the brother of

Ja:od, touched sixteen small white stones, which the latter had moulten out of a high mountain called Shelem, and after the Lord touched them they shone forth and gave light to the vessels in which they were placed.

All things being prepared, Jared and his people, with their animals, fishes, bees, seeds and multitudinous other things, went on board;

a favorable wind wafted them from shore and they gradually drifted to the American coast.

At the end of a voyage of three hundred and forty-four days the colony landed on this continent.

It is generally understood that the place where they landed was south of the Gulf of California and north of the land Desolation, which was north of the isthmus of

Panama.

When the members of the little colony "set their feet upon the shores of the promised land, they bowed themselves down upon the face of the land, and did humble themselves before the Lord, and did shed tears of joy before the Lord, because of the multitude of His tender mercies over them."

Then they went forth and began to till the earth, and soon grew to wax strong in the land, being a righteous people taught directly from on high.

Soon the question of government arose, and the people desired a king.

This thing was grievous to their divinely inspired leaders, for they saw that it would lead to captivity, but perceiving the determination of the people, they consented.

It was difficult to find any suitable man who would consent to occupy the royal position;

at last the youngest son of Jared, named Orihah, consented, and he was anointed king.

It appears altogether probable that this was taken as a precedent, for among this people there seems to have prevailed a custom entirely opposite to that of most other nations—that of having one of the younger, generally the very youngest son, instead of the eldest, succeed his father on the throne.

As the Jaredites were a very long-lived race, full of vitality, often having sons born to them to the end of their days, the number of generations mentioned during the period embraced in their history, is much fewer than the general average for the same number of centuries, notably so where the eldest son succeeds to the rank and title of his sire.

But we cannot be certain that we have every generation specified;

for in the Book of Ether, as in many other very ancient records, the words son and descendant are used interchangeably, that is to say, all male descendants for several generations are sometimes called sons, while actual sons are occasionally designated by the more ambiguous title of descendants.

According to the Book of Ether, there were thirty generations from Jared to Ether (both included), if we have the ancestral chain without any breaks. The period covered by these thirty generations is probably seventeen hundred years, or thereabout.

This would give a little less than fifty-seven years for each generation, an unusually lengthened period.

Between 1066, when William the Conqueror invaded England,and 1837, the date of the ascension of Queen

Victoria, thirty-four monarchs ruled that realm, or an average of between twentytwo and twenty-three years.

What a great difference between the longevity of the Jaredites and the English?

The kings of the Jaredites, in the

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

order of their succession, were Orihah,

Kib, Corihor, Kib restored, Shule.

In the days of Shule the kingdom was divided in twain, Noah, the son of Corihor establishing a separate monarchy over a portion of the land.

After his death he was succeeded by his son Cohor, who was slain in battle by Shule, when the whole kingdom again returned to allegiance to the last named.

Shule was succeeded by his son Omer, who was deposed and imprisoned by his son Jared, but two other sons afterwards defeated Jared and restored the kingdom to their father.

A second time Jared, by unholy combinations, raised his hand against his father, who was compelled to flee to the Atlantic coast, apparently in the region known to us as New England.

Jared occupied the throne for a season, when he was murdered.

His son-in-law, named Akish, next reigned in his stead.

So great was the iniquity now prevailing, that in the great war that ensued between Akish and his sons, all the people were slain except thirty and those who had fled to

Omer in his distant retreat on the wild

Atlantic coast.

This resulted in Omer being restored to the land of his inheritance.

Omer was succeeded by his son Emer, he by his son Coriantumr, Coriantumr by his son Com.

Com was slain by his son Heth, who took possession of the kingdom after having murdered his father.

In the days of Heth there was a great famine which destroyed the greater portion of the people, among them the king himself.

He was succeeded by Shez, Shez by his son Riplakish, who was dethroned by Morianton, whose son Kim afterwards followed him in the kingly power.

Kim was brought into captivity, through rebellion, and it was not until the next reign, that of his son Levi, that the usurpers were driven from the throne.

Then follow the reigns of Corom, Kish, Lib and Hearthom.

The last named was deposed after reigning twenty-four years, and he was held in captivity all the remainder of his days.

So also were his son Heth, his grandson

Aaron, his great grandson Amnigaddah and the latter's son Coriantum.

We are not informed what were the names of the kings of the usurping dynasty, who reigned while the royal family served in captivity; but in the days of Coriantum's son Com, the reigning prince was named

Amgid.

Com went to war against him and overthrew him, and gained possession of the throne of his ancestors.

Shiblom, the son of Com, succeeded his father, but was slain, his son Heth being made captive and thus held all his days.

In the next generation Ahah, Heth's son, regained the throne and reigned over the whole people for a short time.

Few and iniquitous were his days.

Ethem, called a descendant, and also the son of Ahah, was the next king.

His son Moron succeeded him;

in his days there were renewed rebellions, which ended, as had been so frequently the case before, in the captivity of the king.

Moron was a captive all the rest of his life, and his son Coriantor passed his whole earthly existence in captivity.

Ether, the prophet, was the son of Coriantor.

The king in his day was named Coriantumr, the last of his race, for the wars that desolated the land in his reign culminated in the destruction of the Jaredites.

This very short sketch of the reigns of their kings shows how thoroughly were the fears of Jared and his brother realized, that the anointing of a king would lead to captivity.

Like their successors, the Nephites, the troubles of the Jaredites grew out of their iniquities.

Many mighty prophets ministered to them, but they were only occasionally listened to.

Like the Nephites, in another phase of their existence, they owed many of their misfortunes to cherishing the secret bands of Gadianton-like assassins, who, bound by infernal covenants, perpetrated the most unnatural and bloodthirsty crimes.

In the days of Omer, the daughter of Jared (who in more than one respect reminds us of the daughter of Herodias) was the instrument of first introducing these soul destroying confederacies with Satan among the Jaredites, and in after ages they dwindled or flourished, according to the

HISTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

amount of faith and faithfulness in the people.

Materially the Jaredites were wonderfully blessed.

It could scarcely have been otherwise; they had all the treasures of this most choice land at their disposal.

In the days of Emer, the inspired historian describes them as having become "exceeding rich, having all manner of fruit, and of grain, and of silks, and of fine linen, and of gold, and of silver, and of precious things, and also all manner of cattle, of oxen and cows, and of sheep, and of swine, and of goats, and also many other kind of animals which were useful for the food of man; and they also had horses, and asses, and there were elephants and cureloms and cumoms;

all of which were useful unto man, and more especially the elephants, and cureloms and cumoms.* And thus the Lord did pour out his blessings upon the land."

Owing to their gross and abounding iniquities the Lord, on several occasions visited them with partial destruction.

These judgments came in the shape of fratracidal war, pestilence, drought and famine.

In the days of Heth, who was possibly a cotemporary of Solomon or David, there was a great dearth on the land, through which the inhabitants were destroyed exceedingly fast, while poisonous serpents came forth "and did poison many people."These serpents drove the flocks and herds south, and then congregating at the narrow neck uniting the two great divisions of the land, hedged up the way so that the people could not pass, thus adding another factor to their misery, for their crops were not only destroyed through the lack of rain, but the resource of animal food was taken from them.

Thus they became a broken people, but when through their miseries they had sufficiently humbled themselves before the

Lord, he sent the long desired rain, "and there began to be fruit in the north coun- *Some suppose the cureloms and cumoms were alpacas and llamas, others that they were mammoths, the bones of which creatures, as well as those of the elephant, having been found on this continent.

tries and in all the countries round about."

Other desolations at various times came upon them because of their defiant disobedience to the behests of Heaven.

The war, which ended in the entire destruction of the Jaredite race was one of the most bloodthirsty, cruel and vindictive that ever cursed this fair planet.

Men's most savage passions were worked up to such an extent that every better feeling of humanity was crushed out.

The women and children armed themselves for the fray with the same fiendish activity, and.fought with the same intense hate as the men.

It was not a conflict of armies alone;

it was the crushing together of a divided house that had long tottered because of internal weakness, but now fell in upon itself.

This war was not the work of a day, it was the outgrowth of centuries of dishonor, crime and iniquity; and as this continent was once cleansed of its unrighteous inhabitants by the overwhelming waters of a universal deluge, and only eight souls left, so this second time, as a flood, through the promises of the Lord to Noah, was no longer possible, instead thereof the wicked slew the wicked, until only two men remained, the king and the historian; the one to wander wounded, wretched and alone, until found by Mulek's colony; the other to record the last dreadful throes of his people for the profit of succeeding races, and then to be received into the loving care of his Father and his God.

Both the Nephites and ourselves are indebted to him for our acquaintance with the earlier history of this continent, which otherwise would have been entirely shut out from our knowledge.

Some four or more years before the final battles around and near the hill Ramah, otherwise Cumorah, two millions of warriors had been slain, besides their wives and children.

How many millions actually fell before the last terrible struggle ended, and Coriantumr stood alone the sole representative of his race, it is impossible to tell from the record that has been handed down to us, but we think we are justified in believing that for bloodshed and desola-

THE GIFT OF MEMORY

tion no such war ever took place before, or has occurred since in the history of this world;

if the annals of any nation have the record of its equal, it is not known to us.

The duel between the leaders of the two contending hosts, when their followers were all slain, was a unique and horrible one.

We will let the historian tell the story in his own words:

"And it came to pass that they fought for the space of three hours, and they fainted with the loss of blood.

And it came to pass that when the men of Coriantumr had received sufficient strength, that they could walk, they were about to fiee for their lives, but behold, Shiz arose, and also his men, and he swore in his wrath that he would slay Coriantumr, or he would perish by the sword; wherefore he did pursue them, and on the morrow he did overtake them;

and they fought again with the sword.

And it came to pass that when they had all fallen by the sword, save it were Coriantumr and Shiz, behold Shiz had fainted with loss of blood.

And it came to pass that when Coriantumr had leaned upon his sword, that he rested a little, he smote off the head of Shiz.

And it came to pass that after he had smote off the head of Shiz, that Sim raised upon his hands and fell; and after that he had struggled for breath, he died.

And it came to pass that Coriantumr fell to the earth, and became as if he had no life."

George Reynolds.

THE GIFT OF MEMORY.

Nothing can be more wonderful in man's wonderful nature than his gift of memory.

Cicero, after long thinking about it, was driven to the conclusion that it was one of the most striking proofs of the immortality of the soul and of the existence of a God.

By memory, the feelings and impressions of the moment are continued throughout life.

Even when made in early childhood they are rarely forgotten. The principles, maxims and motives to conduct which are implanted in the child are usually those which govern the life in adult years.

Impressions made when the frame is in its tenderest state, and the mind is comparatively unformed, are invariably those which last the longest and are rooted the deepest.

Hence the importance of mothers'training.

Physiologists tell us that the body is undergoing a constant process of renovation;

that, in the course of every five or seven years, the whole substance of the human frame has been removed to give place to new materials.

And thus the man or woman of to-day, so far as material structure is concerned, is entirely different from what it was years ago.

Yet the mind, the character, the intellect of the individual, though developed in the interval, continue the same.

And why?

Because of the gift of memory, which enables the record to be kept of all past impressions, feelings, ideas, thoughts and experiences.

Does not the circumstance warrant the conclusion of Cicero?

Memory is of various kinds. Some people have a memory for words, and often for mere words.

Others have a memory for figures and not for words.

Some have a memory for neither.

Thus De Tocqueville had no memory for words nor for figures, but he possessed the strongest possible remembrance for ideas;

when once grasped, his mind retained them forever.

The great musician has a memory for musical sounds, and the great sculptor or painter for forms and colors of objects.

Mozart had a prodigious memory in his special art. When a boy of fourteen, he went to Rome to assist at the solemnities of the Holy Week.

At the Sistine Chapel he heard the Miserere of Allegri.

It had been forbidden to take or to give a copy of this famous piece of music.

Aware of the prohibition, Mozart placed himself in a corner and gave the most scrupulous attention to the music.

On leaving the church he noted down the entire

THE GIFT OF MEMORY.

piece.

He heard it a few days after, and followed the music with his own copy in his hand, assuring himself of the fidelity of his memory.

Next day he sang the Miserere at a concert, accompanying himself on the harpsichord.

The performance caused so great a sensation at

Rome that Pope Clement XIV, requested that the musical prodigy should be presented to him.

Michael Angelo had, in like manner, an extraordinary memory for the forms of objects,—so much so, that when he had once seen a thing, he could at any time recall it to memory so as to draw it correctly.

On one occasion, when some artists at a friendly supper had laid a wager as to which of them could produce most faithfully from memory a copy of some grotesque caricature, which they had seen upon the walls, Michael Angelo at once reproduced it, accurately as if it were then placed before his eyes,—a feat all the more difficult of accomplishment inasmuch as he was accustomed to draw figures of perfect form and grandeur.

In the multitude of figures produced in his works, no two are to be found alike.

Turner, the great landscape painter, had an equally remarkable memory for the details of places.

In sketching, he would take only a rough outline on the spot, and months after paint a picture from the sketch, filling up the miniature of details with the most marvelous fidelity.

Cyrus Redding says of him, that "his observation of nature was so accurate, and he was so capable of reading its details and bearing them in memory, that it seemed a mental gift belonging to himself alone."

The most extraordinary instances of memory are those furnished by the ages which preceded the art of printing.

Memory of words was more cultivated then than now.

We moderns can treasure up thoughts in books, and recur to them in the printed form without the necessity of storing them up in our memory.

A book is an artificial memory.

It is a storehouse of treasured experiences and memories.

But it was not so before printing was invented.

Learned men then carried about in their heads whole treatises, cyclopaedias, and dictionaries.

Themistocles had a memory so extraordinary that he never forgot what he had once seen or heard.

Plato, Socrates, and the philosophers of their time, depended entirely on their memories.

Seneca could repeat two thousand proper names in the order in which they had been told him, without a mistake;

and not only so, but he could write two hundred verses read to him for the first time by as many different persons.

After printing had been invented, but while books were still rare and dear, memory continued to perform its great feats.

Bottigella knew by heart whole books verbatim.

Mirandola used to commit the contents of a book to memory, after reading it thrice.

Thomas Cranwell committed to memory in three months, when in Italy, an entire translation of the Bible made by Erasmus.

Leibnitz knew all the old Greek and Latin poets by heart; and when an old man, could recite the whole of Virgil, word for word.

The King of England called him "a walking dictionary."

Montaigne held that a strong memory is commonly coupled with an infirm judgment.

But this is by no means the case.

Bacon was nearer the truth when he said that memory was the grand source of meditation and thought.

Buffon was of opinion that the human mind could create nothing, but merely reproduce from experience and reflection;

that knowledge only, which the memory retained, was the germ of all mental products.

Chateaubriand held that the greatest productions of genius are composed but of memories; and Lamartine, in one of his beautiful verses, said that "Man is a fallen God, who carries about with him memories of heaven."Rousseau, although altogether without the memory of words, has said, "My mind exists only in my recollections."It is recorded of that prodigy of intellect,

Pascal, that till the decay of his health had injured his memory, he forgot nothing of what he had done, read> or thought, in any part of his rational life.

He knew the whole Bible by heart,

THE GIFT OF MEMORY.

and could at any moment cite chapter and verse of any part of it.

His memory was so sure, that he often said that he had never forgotten anything that he wished to remember. His contemporary,

Bossuet was almost as great as himself.

He knew the Bible by heart, and knew verbatim besides all Homer, Virgil and Horace.

The Chancellor D'Aguesseau could repeat correctly what he had once read.

The Abbe"Poule carried all his sermons—the compositions of forty years—in his head.

Another remarkable man was Magliabecchi, the Florentine librarian, who recollected whole volumes, and once supplied an author from memory with a copy of his own work, of which the original was lost.

Magliabecchi was not, however, a man of much intellect.

He had only a prodigious memory.

He merely collected books, read them, and remembered them.

It was much the same with another great Italian, Mezzofanti.

He had an extraordinary memory for languages.

He had no special advantages, for his father was only a poor carpenter in Bologna.

The boy was educated in the free schools of the Oratory, and the attention of the priests was attracted by his extraordinary mastery of languages. It was intended that he should be a carpenter like his father;

but he was saved for literature.

Before the completion of his university career, he had acquired the mastery of the Latin,

Greek, Hebrew, Arabic, Spanish, French,

German and Swedish languages. At the.age of twenty-two, Mezzofanti was appointed Professor of Arabic in the University of Bologna.

He continued to extend his stock of languages.

In 1817, when he was forty, he read twenty languages and spoke eighteen. Lord Byron wrote of him as "A walking polyglot, a monster of languages, a Briareus of parts of speech."He was induced by the Pope to settle permanently in Rome, and was elevated to the Cardinalate.

He constantly added to his stock of languages.

He mastered not only the languages of Europe, but most of its dialects In 1846, when he was seventy-two, he was able to express himself in seventyeight languages, including Russian, Chinese, and the"impossible"Basque.

But what did it all amount to?

He added nothing of his own by this stock of human knowledge.

He left no monument to posterity beyond the tradition that he was the greatest linguist the world had ever- seen.

Macaulay's memory was one of the most remarkable in modern times.

It was so great that Sidney Smith called him "a book in breeches!"He was able to recite from memory the whole of "Paradise Lost."When a boy, he could tell long stories, verbatim, from the "Arabian Nights."He had Scott's novels almost by heart.

When Hannah More visited his father, she said, "The quantity of reading that Tom (Macaulay) has poured in, and the quantity of writing he has poured out, is astonishing.

We have poetry for breakfast, dinner and supper.

He recited all "Palastine."(Bishop Heber's poem) while we breakfasted, and did it incomparably."She predicted his fame as a writer, which was more than realized.

When does the gift of memory begin to operate?

From the earliest period of existence.

Let the reader ask, what is the earliest fact I can remember?

It may begin in the second or third year.

Yet memory must have been exercised before then.

To conclude:

Memory, if not one of the greatest of human faculties, is at least the nurse of all of them.

It is given, like other gifts, as a means for storing up the mind with ideas, facts and sentiments for future uses. The human mind can create little;

it mainly reproduces what experience and meditation have brought to light.

Memory is a chief source of thinking.

A man writes a book.

What does it consist of but his recollections and experiences?

If he writes what is called an "original book,"you will find that he has drawn it from that storehouse.

In fact, the best part of genius arises through recollections.

The ancients called Memory the mother of the Nine Muses; and perhaps this is the finest eulogium that could be pronounced upon this wonderful gift.

Samuel Smiles.

TO SCOTLAND.

TO SCOTLAND.

Fair Scotia's land Linked by the bond of love, And held by friendship's hand,

Extended e'er to thee by Britons free,

And through that kin by all the world beside;

Great Britain's honor and the nation's pride I tell to thee my willing words of praise.

While tributary thoughts my feelings move,

That thou through tearful trying days,

With steadfast, stately tread dids't e'en thy courage prove,

Till Heaven's decree went forth that thou should'st stand,

The beauty and the bulwark of blest Britain's land

Thy mountains, girt with green,

Mid shining lakes, whose glorious sheen

Sends forth reflection bright,

Tower aloft as emblems of thy royalty,

And mark the majesty of thy people.

While meadows meek, clothed with their flowery heath,

Show all the signs of loyalty,

And token give of strength beneath.

Thy cities ranking high in world's great mart

The van in commerce and the love of art.

Thy bells which toll from lofty steeple,

Both day and night, Resound religion from their lofty height,

And seem to send sweet invitation

To every kindred, tribe and nation.

In halls of learning thou hast ope'd a store

Of wisdom's universal lore, To all professions secular and divine.

And from thy sacred soil have sprung

The soldier, patriot and the bard who sung

The praises of their deeds, that those who hear

Of martial men who know not fear,

May learn of thine;

And to thy martial deeds give constant praise,

And bid through time to come thy glory blaze.

How thou didst keep the Roman hosts at bay,

Who o'er known world did scepter sway;

And held thine own with all a nation's pride,

While Rome did conquer every land beside

Thine authors and thy poets speak

From dust, to bid thy greatness live,

And if thou e'er becomest weak,

True courage give, And rescue from oblivion's grave

The memory they have sought to save.

The world has never yet forgot,

Nor will forget great Walter Scott;

And everywhere the reader turns,

He meets the merry lines of Burns.

Thus mantled by thy robes of fame,

Ne'er shalt thou cease to have a name;

TO SCOTLAND.

For Bruce and Wallace, long laid low,

Did mould thy fate, And give the martial world to know

Thy glorious state, That men might marvel at thy worth,

Unconquered yet of all the earth.

But still like wine at marriage feast

In Cana's land, The choicest draught hath been reserved

Till now; though last not least.

I place it in thy hand, And deck thy brow with wreath sublime,

To show the world that thou dost stand

Both firm and true;

For when there came thy favored time,

God sent the Gospel to thy door.

A faithful few, Clad in the robes of Priesthood's power,

Did warn the hosts of Scotia's land,

That God again had set His hand,

To save the seed Of which He spake through prophets old,

They should be gathered in the fold;

And under Zion's flag unfurled

Should reign triumphant o'er the world.

They gave the warning, preached the word,

And Scotia's sons the message heard,

Around the standard soon they stood.

Her darling daughters, great and good,

Did rally too;

And both combined—a noble band,

Midst trying scenes in Zion's land,

Have by their faith and works shown forth

Their noble race and Godly worth.

Still from thy shores thy sons retreat,

To make thy glory more complete;

For God this glorious truth has given

Through Prophet's voice, From every nation under Heaven

Shall Saints rejoice;

And Scotia, not one whit behind,

Shall in the future shortly find

That those who went from Scotia's land,

Through heavenly choice, Shall in high rank and station stand

Midst all the great in Zion's land.

The thistle mingling with the rest,

As emblem of a land so blest, Shall still keep green;

As memory mingled with our love

For native land, and God above

Hath ever been;

And ever shall be kept most pure,

While thought and being shall endure.

C/ias.

IV.

Stayner.

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

Those who have read the life of Joseph Smith the Prophet, must be familiar with the fact that from his earliest boyhood he was ever the object of bitter persecution.

Notwithstanding the numerous published accounts of mobbings, drivings, bodily injuries, aggravating accusations, mock trials, and murderous attempts upon his life which he endured, and with which the people are familiar, there are, no doubt, many events and trials yet hidden from the world in the bosoms of his most familiar friends, which may have caused him far greater agony than many of those with which the public are acquainted. Among these the following narrative may be classed, as it has never before been published, and the facts it contains may have had an important influence in hastening, if not really accomplishing, the death of the Prophet.

Early in the spring of a very strong and bitter feeling was aroused against Joseph, among many of his brethren in and around Nauvoo; and some who held high positions in the Church and were supposed to be his best friends, turned against him and sought by various means in their power to do him injury.

Many murmured and complained, and some of the more wicked, even watched their opportunity to take his life, and were continually plotting to accomplish that end.

At length this wicked feeling became so strong and general, among a certain class, that it was resolved to form an organization, or secret combination that would better enable them to accomplish their wicked purposes.

Accordingly a secret meeting was appointed to take place in the new brick house of William Law, Joseph's first counselor, on a certain Sabbath, and invitations to attend it were carefully extended to members of the Church whom it was thought were disaffected, or in sympathy with these wicked views and desires.

Among those who received invitations to attend this meeting: was Brother Denison L.

Harris, now the Bishop of Monroe, Sevier County, Utah, then but a young man of seventeen years of age.

Austin A. Cowles, at that time a member of the High Council, was one of the leaders in this wicked movement, and being a near neighbor and on intimate terms with Brother Harris, he had given young Denison an invitation to the secret meeting, and told him also to invite his father, but to be sure and not breathe a word about it to anyone else, as it was to be kept a profound secret.

Denison was much perplexed over the invitation he had received, and certain things that Brother

Cowles had told'him; and while sitting on his father's woodpile, thinking them over and wondering what he had better do, another young man, named Robert Scott, who lived but a short distance away, came over, sat down on the log, and the two began to converse upon various subjects, such as generally engage the conversation of young men of their age.

It seems they had been intimate companions for several years; and they had not conversed long before each discovered that the other had something on his mind which troubled him, but which he did not like to reveal.

Finally, one proposed that, as they had always been confidants, they now exchange secrets, on condition that neither should reveal what the other told him.

Both readily agreed to this, and when each had told the cause of his anxiety, it proved to be the same—both had received an invitation to the same secret meeting.

Robert Scott, having been reared by William Law, seemed to be almost a member of his family, and on this account had been invited by him to attend the meeting.

"Well, Den,"said Robert, after a short pause, are you going to attend the meeting?""I don't know,"replied Denison, "are you?""I don't know whether to go or not,"said Robert, "suppose we go in the

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

house and tell your father of his invitation, and see what he says about it."

They entered the house and consulted for some time with Denison's father, Emir Harris, who was a brother of Martin Harris, one of the three witnesses of the Book of Mormon.

They informed him of his invitation to the same meeting, and told him many other things that

Brother Cowles had told Denison.

He decided to go at once and lay the whole matter before the Prophet Joseph Smith, who was then in Nauvoo, and ask his advice.

He immediately went to Joseph's house, a distance of about two and a half miles, and informed him of the whole affair.

Joseph listened with interest until he had finished, when he said:

"Brother Harris, I would advise you not to attend those meetings, nor pay any attention to them.

You may tell the boys, however, that I would like to have them go, but I want them to be sure to come and see me before the meeting takes place.

I wish to give them some counsel."Subsequent events showed the wisdom of Joseph in advising Brother Emir

Harris not to attend the meeting and selecting young men to do the work he wished to have accomplished.

Brother Harris returned and told the boys what

Joseph desired them to do, and they readily agreed to comply with his request.

Accordingly, on the next Sunday before the secret meeting took place, Robert and Denison called at the house of Joseph to learn what he wished them to do.

He told them he desired that they should attend- the meeting, pay strict attention, and report to him all their proceedings, at the first favorable opportunity.

He moreover cautioned them to have as little to say as possible, and to avoid giving any offence.

They attended the meeting as desired.

There were quite a number present, and the time was mostly occupied in planning how to get at things the best, and effect an organization.

Strong speeches were also made against the Prophet, and many lies were told to prejudice the minds of those present against him.

This portion of the proceedings was not a difficult task, for the element of which the audience was composed was only too susceptible to such evil impressions, and those who spoke were eminently successful in producing the desired impressions, and arousing the feelings of enmity toward. the Prophet, that they might wish to use in accomplishing his overthrow.

It seems that the immediate cause of these wicked proceedings was the fact that Joseph had recently presented the revelation on Celestial Marriage to the High

Council for their approval, and certain members were most bitterly opposed to it, and denounced Joseph as a fallen Prophet, and were determined to destroy him.

The meeting adjourned to convene again on the following Sabbath, and the two young men were invited to attend the next one also, but were cautioned not to tell a soul of what had transpired at the first one.

At the first suitable opportunity they called upo'n Joseph, related to him what had taken place, and gave him the names of those who had taken part in the proceedings.

The leading members among the conspirators, for such they really were, were William and Wilson Law, Austin A.

Cowles, Francis and Chauncey Higbee,

Robert Foster and his brother, two Hicks brothers, and two merchants, Finche and Rollinson, who were enemies to the Church.

After hearing their report and asking several questions, which they answered to the best of their knowledge, Joseph said:

"Boys, I would like you to accept their invitation and attend the second meeting.

But come to me again next Sunday, before their meeting convenes, as I may have something more to say to you before you go."At the expiration of a week they again went to see Joseph, who gave them the necessary advice, after which they went to the meeting.

This time the conspirators were still more vehement in their abusive remarks about Joseph.

New crimes that he had committed had been discovered, and the old ones were much magnified.

Their accu-

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

sations were not only against him, but against his brother Hyrum and other prominent men in Nauvoo.

There seemed to be no end to the wickedness of which these good men were accused, as most of the time until a late hour was occupied by different ones in denouncing and accusing Joseph and his friends of the most heinous crimes.

Before the meeting adjourned, however, it was agreed that they should all endeavor to work the matter up as much as possible during the week, that something definite might be accomplished towards effecting a more complete organization without further delay.

The meeting was to convene again on the following Sunday.

As the boys had kept quiet and said nothing against any of their proceedings, it was supposed, of course, that they were in sympathy with the movement, and an invitation was accordingly extended for them to attend the next meeting.

.

As on the previous occasion, the young men watched a fitting opportunity of reporting to Joseph without arousing the suspicions of any that attended the meeting.

He listened attentively to the recital of all that had taken place at the second meeting, after which he said: "Boys, come to me again next Sunday.

I wish you to attend the next meeting also."The boys promised to do so, and left the room.

They kept the meetings and their connection with them, however, a profound secret from the rest of their friends, and at the appointed time again went to the house of

Joseph to receive their usual instructions.

This time he said to them, with a very serious countenance: "This will be your last meeting;

this will be the last time that they will admit you into their councils.

They will come to some determination.

But be sure,"he continued, "that you make no covenants, nor enter into any obligations whatever with them.

Be strictly reserved, and make no promise either to conspire against me or any portion of the community.

Be silent, and do not take any part in their deliberations."After a pause of some moments, he added: "Boys, this will be their last meeting, and they may shed your blood, but I hardly think they will, as you are so young.

If they do, / will be a lion in their path!

Don't flinch.

If you have to die; die like'men; you will be martyrs to the cause, and your crowns can be no greater.

But,"said he, again, "I hardly think they will shed your blood."This interview was a long one.

Joseph's sensitive feelings were touched by the faith, generosity and love manifested by these young men in their willingness to undertake such a hazardous enterprise at his bidding.

He blessed them and made them precious promises for their sacrifice, and told them if their lives were taken their reward would be all the greater.

After leaving Joseph's house with his sincere wishes for their safety, the boys waited anxiously for the time of meeting to arrive.

They fully realized the dangers into which they were about to plunge themselves, yet they did not shrink.

They knew it was their duty, and they determined to attempt it at all hazards.

They were now familiar with the names of the persons conspiring against Joseph, the object they had in view, and many of their plans for accomplishing that object.

Moreover, they were supposed by the would-be-murderers to be in perfect sympathy with all their hellish designs; and if, by any circumstance, they should arouse the suspicion that they were present at Joseph's request, or even with his knowledge, their lives in such a crowd would, indeed, be of little value.

They determined to trust in the Lord and die rather than betray the Priesthood.

Their feelings may perhaps be imagined as the time of meeting drew near, and they started off in the direction of William Law's house, where it was to be held.

They certainly displayed faith that every young man in Israel should cultivate.

On arriving at the rendezvous they found to their surprise and discomfiture, that the entrance to the house was guarded by men armed with muskets and bayonets.

After being scrutinized from head to foot, and carefully crossquestioned, they succeeded in passing

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

the guards and gaining admittance.

From this it will be seen that great care was taken to prevent any person from entering, except those whom they knew to be of their party, and ready to adopt any measures that might be suggested against the Prophet Joseph.

On entering they found considerable confusion and much counseling among the members of the conspiracy.

All seemed determined that Joseph should die, yet objections were raised by some to each of the plans proposed.

The Prophet was accused of the most wicked acts, and all manner of evil was spoken of him.

Some declared that h% had sought to get their wives away from them, and had many times committed adultery.

They said he was a fallen Prophet, and was leading the people to destruction.

Joseph was not the only one against whom they lied.

His brother Hyrum and many of the leading men in Nauvoo were accused of being in league with him and sharing his crimes.

In these councilings and plannings, considerable time was spent before the meeting was called to order, and anything definite commenced.

The boys, however, followed Joseph's instructions, and remained quiet and reserved.

This seemed to arouse the suspicions of some that they were not earnestly in favor of their wicked purposes, and some of the conspirators began to take especial pains to explain to the young men the great crimes that Joseph had committed, and the results that would follow if his wicked career were not checked, with a view to convincing them that their severe measures against Joseph were for the best good of the Church, and persuading them to take an active part with them in accomplishing this great good.

The two boys, however, sat together quietly, and would jsimply answer their arguments by saying that they were only young boys, and did not understand such things, and would rather not take part in their proceedings.

As before stated, Brother Scott had been reared in the family of William Law, and the latter pretended great friendship for him on that account, and was very anxious to explain to him the object of the proposed organization, and induce him to join.

Me would come around and sit beside Robert, put his arm around his neck, and persuade argue, and implore him to join in their effort to rid the Church of such a dangerous impostor.

At the same time Brother Cowles would sit beside Brother

Harris in the same attitude, and labor with him with equal earnestness.

The boys, however, were not easily convincd.

Still, in their replies and remarks, thay carefully tried to avoid giving the least offence or arousing any suspicions regarding the true cause of their presence.

They said they were too young to understand the "spiritual wife doctrine,"of-which Joseph was accused, and many of the other things that they condemned in the Prophet.

Joseph had never done them any harm, and they did not like to join in a conspiracy against his life.

"But,"they would urge, "Joseph is a fallen Prophet; he receives revelations from the devil, and is deceiving the people, and if something decisive is not done at once to get rid of him, the whole Church will be led by him to destruction."

These and many other arguments were vainly brought forth to induce the boys to join them, but they still pretended not to understand nor take much interest in such things.

At length they ceased their persuasions, and, things having developed sufficiently, they concluded to proceed with the intended organization.

An oath had been prepared which each member of the organization was now required to take.

Francis Higbee, a justice of the peace, sat at a table in one end of the room and administered the oath to each individual separately, in the following manner:

The candidate would step forward to the table, take up a Bible, which had been provided for the purpose, and raise it in his right hand, whereupon the justice would ask him in a solemn tone, "Are you ready?"And, receiving answer in the affirmative would continue in a tone

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

and manner that struck awe to the minds of the boys as they listened:

"You solemnly srcear, before God and all holy angels, and these your brethren by whom you are surrounded, that you will give your life, your liberty, your influence, your all, for the destruction of Joseph Smith and his party, so help you

God.r 'The person being sworn would then say, "I do,"after which he would lay down the Bible and sign his name to a written copy of the oath in a book that was lying on the table, and it would be legally acknowledged by the justice of the peace.

The boys sat gazing upon this scene, wondering how intelligent beings who had once enjoyed the light of truth could have fallen into such depths of wickedness as to be anxious to take such an oath against the Prophet of God and his faithful followers.

They also felt no little uneasiness concerning their own fate, and almost dreaded the moment when the last one should have taken the oath.

At length that portion of the business was accomplished, and about two hundred persons had taken the oath.

Among that number were three women, who were ushered in, closely veiled to prevent being recognized, and required to take the same oath.

Besides doing this, they also testified that Joseph and Hyrum Smith had endeavored to seduce them; had made the most indecent and wicked proposals to them, and wished them to become their wives.

After making affidavit to a series of lies of this kind, they made their exit through a back door.

One of the women, whom the boys suspected as being William Law's wife, was crying, and seemed to dislike taking the oath, but did so as one who feared that the greatest bodily injury would surely follow a refusal.

After the oath had been administered to all but the two boys, Law, Cowles and others again commenced their labors to get them to take it, but met the same success as before.

Arguments, persuasions, and threats were in turn used to accomplish their desire, but in vain.

They exhausted their ingenuity in inventing arguments, lies, and inducements to get the boys to unite with their band.

"Have you not heard,"said they, the strong testimony of all present against Joseph Smith?

Can a man be a true Prophet who would commit adultery?

He is a fallen Prophet, and is teaching the people doctrines that his own imagination or lustful desires have invented, or else he received that revelation from the devil.

He will surely lead the whole Church to destruction if his career is not stopped.

We can do nothing with him by the law, and for the sake of the Church we deem it our solemn duty to accomplish his destruction and rescue the people from this peril.

We are simply combining and conspiring to save the Church, and we wish you to join us in our efforts, and share the honors that will be ours.

Come, take the oath and all will be well.""Oh, we are too young,"they replied, "to understand or meddle with'such things, and would rather let others who are older and know more do such work.

We came to your meetings because we thought you were our friends and gave us a kind invitation.

We did not think there was any harm in it, but if you will allow us to go now we will not trouble any more of your meetings.

Joseph Smith has never done us any harm, and we do not feel like injuring him.""Come, boys,"said another of the crowd, "do as we have done.

You are young, and will not have anything to do in the affair, but we want you should keep it a secret, and act with us;

that's all.""No,"replied the boys in a firm but cool tone, as they rose to leave, "we cannot take an oath like that against any man who has never done us the least injury."They would gladly have passed out and escaped the trouble they saw brewing for them;

but, as they feared, they were not allowed to depart so easily. One of the band exclaimed in a very determined voice:

"No, not by a d d sight!

You know all our plans and arrangements, and we don't propose that you should leave in that style.

You've got to take that oath, or you'll never leave here alive."

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

The attention of all was now directed to the two boys, and considerable confusion prevailed.

A voice in the crowd shouted, "Dead men tell no tales!"whereupon a general clamor arose for the boys to take the oath or be killed.

Even their pretended friends, Cowles and Law, turned against them.

"If you do not take that oath,"said one of the leading members, in a blood curdling tone, "we will cut your throats."The looks and conduct of the rest showed plainly that he had spoken only what they were ready to execute.

It was evident the mob were eager for blood.

That moment certainly must have been a trying one, but it seemed that fear had suddenly vanished from the bosoms of the two boys, and they coolly but positively again declared that they would not take that oath nor enter into any other movement against the Prophet Joseph.

The mob was now enraged, as they thought they were betrayed, and it was with the greatest difficulty that the leaders succeeded in keeping them from falling upon the boys and cutting them to pieces.

The leaders, however, were no less determined that the boys should die, but as the house in which the meeting was held stood but a short distance back from the street, they thought it better to be more quiet about it, lest some one might be passing and discover what was going on.

Order was at last restored, when it was decided to take "the boys down into the cellar, where the deed could be more safely accomplished.

Accordingly, a guard, with drawn swords and bowie knives, was placed on either side of the boys, while two others, armed with cocked muskets and bayonets, at their backs, brought up the rear as they were marched off in the direction of the cellar.

William and Wilson Law, Austin Cowles, and others, accompanied them to the cellar.

Before committing the murderous deed, however, the}'gave the boys one more chance for their lives.

One of them said:

"Boys, if you will take that oath your lives shall be spared;

but you know too much for us to allow you to go free, and if you are still determined to refuse, we will have to shed your blood."

But the boys, with most commendable courage, in the very jaws of death, once more rejected the only means that would save their lives.

At this juncture, when it seemed that each moment would end the earthly existence of these two noble young men, a voice from some one in the crowd, as if by Divine interposition, called out just in time to save their lives:

"Hold on!

Hold on there!

Let's talk this matter over before their blood is shed!"and with great difficulty some of the more cautious ones succeeded in quieting those whose anger and excitement prevented them from weighing well what they were on the verge of committing, and considering the consequences that would inevitably follow.

Thus the instantaneous death of the boys was prevented, while the crowd retired to the further end of the room and consulted earnestly together, in so low a tone, however, that the boys could not hear what they said.

It was evident, however, that they were nearly equally divided in their views of the feasibility of putting the boys to death.

Some appeared to be enraged and fully determined to shed their blood, while others were equally resolved to prevent the cruel deed.

During the discussion the boys distinctly heard one of them say:

"The boys'parents very likely know where they are, and if they do not return home, strong suspicions will be aroused, and they may institute a search that would be very dangerous to us.

It is already late, and time that the boys were home."This was a very important consideration, as well as a very unexpected circumstance in favor of the boys.

Hope rose high in their breasts as the discussion continued, and one by one of the more excited conspirators was silenced, if not convinced, until at length the tide turned in favor of the boys, and it was decided that they should be released.

Some openly, and many in their feelings, opposed this resolution, as they considered it as unsafe to liberate the boys to re-

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

veal all their plans, as to kill them and get them ont of the way.

A strong guard was provided to escort them to a proper distance lest some of the gang might kill them before they made their escape. They placed a strict injunction upon the boys not to reveal anything they had seen or heard in these meetings, and declared if they did any member of the conspiracy would kill them at first sight.

This caution and threat were repeated several times in a way that gave the boys to understand that they meant all they said, and would just as leave slay them as not if they suspected anything had been revealed by them.

Everything being ready, the boys started off in charge of the guard. Right glad were they to once more gain the open air with so good a prospect for their lives, and they breathed a sigh of relief and satisfaction when they were out of sight of the house in which they had endured such great peril.

They took an unfrequented road down toward the Mississippi River which runs around one side of Nauvoo. Some of the guard were very much dissatisfied with the way the tables had turned, and, when they had got a safe distance from the house, they halted to consider if it would not be best to slay the boys on their own responsibility.

They would gladly have murdered them if they could have done so with any hopes of having the deed remain undiscovered;

but, after some discussion, they contented themselves by reiterating the cautions and threats that had been given to the boys before starting.

They continued their march until within a few rods of the river, when they halted, and one of the guards said:

"Well, I guess we have gone about far enough, and had better turn back."Then turning to the boys, he continued, "Boys, if you ever open your mouths concerning anything you have seen or heard in any of our meetings; we will kill you by night or by day wherever we find you, and consider it our duty.""Oh, don't fear on that account,"replied the boys, anxious to allay their uneasiness, lest they still might take a notion to slay them and cast their bodies into the river, "we can see that it is greatly to our advantage and necessary to our peace and safety to keep silent concerning these things.""I'm glad you've got sense enough to see it in that light,"was the rejoinder in a tone that indicated his mind was somewhat relieved.

During this conversation, one of the boys looking towards the river, to his great surprise, saw a hand rise into view from behind the bank and beckon for them to come that way.

The guards, after admonishing them once more to be silent, and telling them their lives depended upon their keeping the secret, turned to retrace their steps just as one of the boys, anxious to put them at ease as much as possible, said to his companion:

"Let's go down to the river.""Yes,"returned the guard, evidently pleased with that arrangement;

"you had better go down to the river."The reader will readily understand that the meeting had lasted until a late hour in the afternoon and the conspirators had already detained the boys so long that they were afraid their parents and friends, some of whom perhaps knew where the boys had gone, would become anxious and begin to suspect foul play, and possibly might institute a search which would prove exceedingly disadvantageous to the conspiracy.

The boys therefore very adroitly proposed to go to the river, so if thejr were found there it would be sufficient explanation for their long absence.

The guards perceived the idea instantly, and it pleased them, for it indicated to them that the boys wished to keep the secret, and avoid being questioned too closely.

The boys started off on a run toward the river, but, lest the guards should watch them, and discover the presence of Joseph, whose hand it was they had seen above the bank; they directed their course to a point about a quarter of a mile beyond where Joseph was, knowing that he would follow them.

On reaching the river, they stepped down the bank and there awaited the arrival of

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

the Prophet, while the guards returned to the meeting.

It seems that Joseph, knowing the danger into which the boys had gone, had become so uneasy at their long absence that he could no longer remain at home, so he and one of his body guard,

John Scott, who was the brother to Robert, started out to see if they could discover what had become of them.

Perhaps they suspected the boys had been murdered, and that their bodies would be thrown into the stream, as William Law's house, where the meeting was held, was but a short distance from the river.

At all events they were there under the bank when the boys were liberated, and now glided around close to the water's edge to the point where the boys were awaiting them.

It was a joyful meeting; Joseph seemed delighted to see that the boys had escaped with their lives. The party walked on to a point nearly opposite Joseph's store, where a board fence came down to the edge of the river, forming, together with the orchard trees«and shrubbery, a suitable retreat where they could converse without any danger of being seen or heard.

"Let us sit down here,"said Joseph.

All four of them entered the secluded retreat, and when they were seated he continued: "Boys, we saw your danger and were afraid you would not get out alive, but we are thankful that you got off safely.

Now relate to me all that you have witnessed."The boys then gave him a complete account of all they had witnessed, and passed through;

repeated to him the oath they had seen and heard administered to some two hundred individuals separately;

gave him the names of all they knew that had taken the oath; in short they gave him a most accurate recital of all they had seen and heard.

Joseph and his. companion listened very attentively, and, as the boys proceeded, a very grave expression crept over the countenance of the former, showing that a deep anxiety was preying upon his mind.

When the recital was finished a pause of some length ensued.

Joseph was very much moved, and at length burst out:

"O, brethren, you do not know what this will terminate in!"But proceeded no further, for his feelings were so strong that he burst into tears.

In great agitation, Brother John Scott, who was an intimate and trusted friend of Joseph, sprang forward and throwing his arms around the Prothet's neck, exclaimed:

"O, Brother Joseph!

do you think they are going to kill you?"and they fell on each other's necks and wept bitterly.

The scene is difficult to describe.

The thought of losing their friend and Prophet by the hands of such a bloodthirsty mob was sufficient to wring their hearts; and those brave men who but a few moments before had fearlessly faced death, and scorned the proffered conditions on which their lives might be spared, now wept like children and mingled their tears with those of their leader.

Joseph was the first to master his feelings, and, raising Brother Scott's arms from off his neck, he said, in a deep and sorrowful tone:

"I fully comprehend it!"He then relaxed into a solemn study, while his brethren anxiously watched the changes of his countenance as if they would read the thoughts and feelings that were preying upon his heart.

The scene was painful and impressive.

Each moment they expected to hear him say that his work on earth was done and that he would have to be slain to seal his testimony.

After a long'silence he finally continued: "Brethren, I am going to leave you.

I shall not be with you long;

it will not be many months until I shall have to go."This remark still left them in doubt as to his future fate, but had such significance that Brother Scott again anxiously inquired: "Brother Joseph; are you going to be slain?"Joseph, for some reason, evaded a direct reply, but continued in a tone that told too plainly of the sorrow he felt:

"I am going away and will not be known among this people for twenty years or more.

I shall go to rest for a season."

This reply did not clear away their

CONSPIRACY OF NAUVOO.

doubts any more than the former one, but it was evident he intended to leave the people and keep hid more closely than he ever had done, or else, with prophetic vision, he discerned the final outcome of his enemies'efforts, and, through compassion, forebore to crush the spirits of his brethren by telling them plainly the whole truth.

Subsequent events leave us still in doubt as to the real purport of his words.

The dark clouds of persecution from enemies without, fearfully augmented by traitors from within, grew so threatening toward the close, of the Prophet's life, that he saw something must be done for the safety of himself and the people. He therefore conceived the idea of moving the Saints once more, and this time far beyond the cruel blasts of persecution, and seek shelter behind the barriers of the Rocky Mountains.

He called for a company of volunteers to explore the great West and find the most suitable place for the Saints to settle.

Quite a number volunteered and began to make preparations for the journey.

It is a well known fact that just previous to surrendering himself to be taken to Carthage, Joseph got into a boat and started across the river, evidently to evade his enemies. He intended to keep out of their hands until this company had procured a suitable outfit for such an undertaking, when he would have accompanied them.

Some of his brethren, however, begged him not to desert the people in such a time of trouble and danger, and at their importunity he returned to Nauvoo, and we all know the result. He was induced to surrender himself to the officers of the law, was cast into prison, and there cruelly murdered by a bloodthirsty mob.

Perhaps in reply to Brother Scott's question, Joseph was revolving these plans in his mind and looking forward to the time when he and the Saints would be beyond the reach of persecution;

it is now impossible to tell, but the events which followed rather indicate that he foresaw his death.

However, he continued in great earnestness:

"They. accuse me of polygamy, and of being a false Prophet, and many other things which I do not now remember;

but I am no false Prophet;

I am no impostor;

I have had no dark revelations;

I have had no revelations from the devil;

I made no revelations;

I have got nothing up of myself.

The same God that has thus far dictated me and directed me and strengthened me in this work, gave me this revelation and commandment on celestial and plural marriage, and the same God commanded me to obey it.

He said to me that unless I accepted it and introduced it, and practiced it, I, together with my people, would be damned and cut off from this time henceforth.

And they say if I do so, they will kill me Oh, what shall I do?

If I do not practice it, I shall be damned with my people.

If I do teach it, and practice it, and urge it, they say they will kill me, and I know they will.

But,"said he, "we have got to observe it.

It is an eternal principle and was given by way of commandment and not by way of instruction."It will be seen from these outbursts of his soul what a conflict was going on in his mind, and the agony that he endured can only be imagined by those who knew his sensitive and generous spirit.

Persecution and imprisonment from the hand of an enemy would be passed by almost unnoticed when compared with these murderous thrusts from the daggers of alienated friends.

Death, to a man who was so familiar with the unseen world and the happiness to be enjoyed there, was stripped of its terrors.

His fear of simply losing his life caused him little anxiety.

But his whole soul was in the work which the Lord had given him to do, and such bloodthirsty opposition to a commandment of God among his brethren caused the greatest anxiety and grief.

His greatest trials are no doubt hid deepest from our view.

The consultation lasted for a long time before they separated to their homes, and impressions were made on the minds of our two young heroes that will last forever.

They got an insight into the life of the Prophet and the na-

26o CROSSING THE MEDITERRANEAN.

ture of the work he had to perform, that had never before entered their imaginations.

Their love for him and the cause in which he was laboring was increased, and gladly would they have laid down their lives to have saved his.

Before separating, however, Joseph placed a seal upon the boys'lips, and made them promise that they would not reveal what had transpired that day to a living soul—not even to their own fathers, for at least twenty years.

The object of placing this injunction upon them no doubt was for their own safety, as their lives would probably have been taken if any of the conspirators should ever find but that any of their proceedings had been revealed.

The boys kept their promise, and now, after a lapse of so many years, these important facts, which throw light upon many of the acts and sayings of Joseph Smith, which his brethren could never before fully understand, are revealed and placed with other important records in the archives of the Church.

The muse of history, too often blind to true glory, has handed down to posterity many a warrior, the destroyer of thousands of his fellowmen, and left us ignorant of the valorous deeds of real heroes, whose lot chanced to be more humbly cast; but in that day, when all men's actions will be revealed upon the housetops, we shall no doubt see the names of Denison L. Harris and Robert

Scott among the world's heroes as stars of no small magnitude.

"Fact is stranger than fiction,"and in value they cannot be compared.

I respectfully submit the above narrative, which is a true recital of events that actually transpired. The manuscript has been carefully scrutinized by proper authorities who are satisfied of its authenticity and have approved its publication, as an important and accurate item of history connected with the Church.

Horace Cummings.

That which is elevating and ennobling in its tendency is necessarily true.

CROSSING THE MEDITERRANEAN.

"Travel doth make one far more clear and excellent.

It drains the grossness of the understanding,

And renders active and industrious spirits.

He who knows men's manners, must of necessity

Best know his own; and mend him by examples.

It's a dull thing to travel like a mill-horse

Still in the place he was born in."

An intelligent American, finding himself in Europe, with time and money at his command, will possibly take the desert and pyramids into his tour, and place them with permanent distinctness in the landscape of his memory.

The shores of the Mediterranean were for thousands of years the home of civilization.

Their annals compass the era of written history, and their prominence extends back into pre-historic ages. The

Phoenicians, Egyptians, Greeks, Romans,

Carthaginians and Saracens have flourished about this sea, and to-day every commanding position in and about the

Mediterranean is anxiously coveted by nations that aspire to political preponderance.

The "Midland Sea"is over two thousand miles long.

It is from forty to five thousand five hundred feet deep;

and is eighty to twelve hundred miles wide; the shallowest and narrowest place being between Africa and Sicily.

To cross it, the tourist may start from Gibraltar in an English ship; or from Marseilles by a French line, (the most frequented route);

or from Naples in an Italian steamer;

or, on the west side of Italy, from Venice;

or from Brindisi, which is the shortest trip of all.

The writer sailed from Naples to Alexandria.

We were crossing the gulf which separates Europe from the land of the great

Sahara.

It was in the month of January, but we were literally sailing into sum-

CROSSING THE MEDITERRANEAN.

mer.

It is an interesting route to Egypt, from Naples;

for thus we pass the volcanic islands that are clustered near the south of Italy; and we go through the celebrated strait between Italy and the Island of Sicily; and get a half day at the Sicilian City of Messina, with its picturesque mountainous back ground.

The first object we came upon after leaving the beautiful bay of Naples and the classic coast thereabout, was a towering mountain, a complete island of itself, in shape a perfect cone, with the steep sides as green as though they had been turfed to order; the base, twelve miles in circumference, and the mountain over three thousand feet high.

It was grandly beautiful; fuming and flaring at the top as Stromboli has never failed to do within the era of recorded history.

Many have seen Vesuvius.

Few have seen Stromboli, the most majestic light-house in the world.

Soon after passing the volcano, we came upon a scene described in classic fable.

Those who have read Homer and Virgil remember how the beautiful Scylla was banished by Mrs.

Neptune, to inhabit a cavernous cliff, and was made so frightfully homely as to appal those passing voyageurs whom she did not destroy.

And while the navigators went to the other side of the narrow Strait of Messina to escape her, they were in fatal danger of being drawn down into the unfathomed whirlpool of Charybdis. We were in that Strait of Messina. We saw an Italian village that still bears the name of Scylla.

For us the sea was smooth.

The whirlpool has disappeared in the course of the ages, through the agency, perchance, of earthquakes.

Messina is a tempting port; a gateway into the most important island in the Mediterranean.

Sicily is altogether about the size of Maryland.

It is a gem among islands; teeming with classic associations, it figures prominently in ancient and mediaeval history and has distinct and prehistoric vestiges.

Sicily is fascinatingly attractive to all,and to the classic student, deeply interesting. Few Americans go there. We steered directly away from the Sicilian coast southeast, bound for Egypt.

As night came on, we vainly sought to catch a glimpse of the lighthouses on the Calabrian mountains whose promontories reach out to the southernmost end of Italy.

The next land we saw was the Island of Candia, called in the Bible, Crete; a long, winding outline that seemed to be altogether a rugged mountain with two or three islets near by.

It continued in sight nearly a whole day;

giving us ample time to read in the New Testament how

Paul sailed over the sea, and failed through tempestuous weather to land at the "haven of Crete, which lieth toward the southwest,"but disembarked at one of the near islets where "the barbarous people showed no little kindness."It was here that out of the burning sticks came a viper that fastened on his hand but did no harm.

Paul said to Titus, "I left thee in Crete, that thou shouldest ordain elders in every city;"from which it appears that Crete was then well populated.

This Bible story learned at Sunday school, became very interesting, when read as we were sailing along near

Crete.

Crete, is the ancient name;

Candia, the modern.

It is about a hundred and fifty miles long, and six to thirty-five miles wide, and has a wonderful history.

Carrier pigeons flew from Candia to Venice with the news of the conquest of the island by the Venetians, several hundred years ago.

The pet birds, lovely and tame, which to-day are fed by the municipal government in the principal square of Venice, are the direct descendants of those birds that bore the news to Venice.

The poet Homer called Crete "Hecatompolis,"the hundred-citied. There were cities on this island in the time of Ptolemy.

Scarcely any part of Greece was more the subject of classic poetry.

It abounds in localities familiar to every college man.

Here was the Minotaur, a monster, confined in the famous labyrinth, out of which Theseus extricated himself by the clew of a thread given him by

Ariadne; hence our expression, "a clew to the labyrinth."Here was Glaucus, smothered in honey; and a volume more

THE TEMPORAL POWER OF THE POPES.

of the most celebrated myths of antiquity.

All the books even the last edition of the accurate Baedeker, inform us that the arrival at Alexandria is attended with multiplied perplexities; that a Babel of natives clamor and shout at us in unknown tongues, and that unless we guard our luggage, it would be seized and scattered among the boats.

Four of us carried no passports.

Our fellow passengers thought that we might be remanded on board ship, to be returned to the port from which we came.

When we cast anchor off the ancient home of Cleopatra, near the city that Zenobia of Palmyra came over to conquer,the harbor swarmed with boats, and several agile Arabs clambered up the side of the ship;

but their hope of gaining the attention of the passengers, was suddenly cut short by lashings of the rope from the chief officer, not upon their unclad limbs, but upon the vessel's side, upon which they dropped down into the water.

We consigned our luggage to the agent of our hotel, who alone came on board, we clambered down the stairs which swung on the outside of our ship landing into a small boat and were rowed to the Egyptian custom-house.

One valise only the officials respectfully peeped into, glanced at two visiting cards, all in a moment, and almost with an apology; and the passportless walked freely into the ancient city of the Ptolemies.

The formidableness of foreign travel disappears on facing it.

It is not so confusing to land at the chief port of Africa, among a polyglot people, as it is to arrive in New York City.

Since the quiet January day, when I found summer in Alexandria, her greatest wonder has been imported to New York City.

Standing near the Metropolitan Museum, is Cleopatra's Needle, threaded with a very long yarn of history.

War bombarded Alexandria last year; and pestilence has since •covered the City of Cleopatra with a funeral pall.

Selected.

There is a future for every man who has the virtue to repent and the energy to atone.

Bulwer.

THE TEMPORAL POWER OF THE POPES.

"AND it came to pass that I looked and beheld the whore of all the earth, and she sat upon many waters; and she had dominion over all the earth, among all nations, kindreds, tongues and people."Book of Mormon.

Not fewer than two hundred millions of the human race comprise the subjects of the kingdom of the Pope of Rome.

His edicts more or less disturb the policy of the governments of England, France, Germany, Austria, and in fact the greater part of Europe.

In America, also, his power is felt, while the uncivilized and semi-civilized races know in many ways the earthly power of the Roman See.

This immense power has been steadily growing for eighteen centuries, until the power of the beast has been felt in all nations.

It is stated that Peter and Paul, soon after the crucifixion of Christ, preached in Rome, and that, as the result of their labors, a Church was established, over which Peter was consecrated Bishop in the year 42.

Rome was then an arena wherein the despised Christians furnished amusement for the iniquitous multitude, who were delighted to see them torn to pieces by wild beasts, or crucified, burnt at night in the stead of torches, in the public streets or the gardens of Nero.

Persecution raged against the Church for upwards of two centuries, during which time the Christians not only maintained their ground, but added to their numbers until they became a powerful people.

After the last great persecution, under Diocletian, had passed over, and Constantine was made emperor (A.

D.

324), the Christians emerged from the catacombs wherein they had sought refuge, asserting their rights among men.

It seems that the church, under

THE TEMPORAL POWER OF THE POPES.

the favor of Constantine, waxed proud and rich, built splendid edifices, and adorned them to excess, with images and pictures.

Tt was now that the purity and simplicity of worship in the church was corrupted by the introduction of rites and ceremonies borrowed from the magnificent ritual of the Pagan temple, some of which are to be found in the Romish church of to-day.

The Bishop of Rome was a prince surrounded by his priests of various orders.

His position became an envied prize.

From about the middle of the fourth century there continued a most unmerciful conflict as to who should occupy the bishop's chair.

At one time the bishop was dragged through the streets of Constantinople.

Parties fought desperately for supremacy, and the papal chair was sunk to a low state of degradation, from which it was recovered, however, by Gregory the Great, about the close of the sixth century.

It was not until about the middle of the eighth century that the temporal power of the bishop of Rome was established, notwithstanding the Patrimony of St.

Peter was overshadowed by Church authority and sanctity.

The political and religious relations of the people were in a state of constant vexation, one party rising and another falling.

The Romish church alone was united in purpose, extending their religion from Rome in every direction, until over one-half of the Christian world were subjects of the Pope.

In order to perfectly maintain the spiritual power of the church, it was now deemed most expedient that political existence should be acquired, notwithstanding the bishop of Rome, with his army of priests, was then virtually a temporal prince, though not acknowledged.

Even as early as the time of Gregory the Great, "whoever occupied the pastorate of the bishop of Rome was overwhelmed with business to such an extent as often to doubt whether he were a bishop or an earthly prince."However, the object was to have the power recognized among men as well in politics as religion.

At this time a large part of Italy was incensed against Leo III, Emperor of the East, and the Romish church, seeing capital in the event, encouraged the rebellion.

The worship of images, which had been introduced into the church as early as the days of

Constantine, was firmly established before A. D. 600, and it was against this idolatry that Leo III made war.

Encouraged and aided by the church, the Italians scoffed at the two edicts sent forth by Leo, when a bloody struggle ensued between Leo's armies and the populace while the former were removing the images from the churches, and encouraging every act that bore any semblance to iconoclasm.

Correspondence was opened between Leo III and

Pope Gregory III, in which the latter defended the worship of images, and stated that, as Leo was an ignorant man, he should first have inquired into the rightfulness or otherwise of the image worship, before he undertook to destroy things held sacred by the people. A perusal of one or more of the Pope's letters evidences that he himself was the more ignorant.

For instance, in closing one of his letters to Leo, he compares the Emperor to the "impious Uzziah, who sacreligiously removed the brazen serpent which Moses had set up, out of the temple, and broke it to pieces!"

The insurrection,*however, which was occasioned by Leo's militia destroying the images was finally suppressed.

But the bishop of Rome encouraged the rebellion of the Italian provinces, in which instance the imperial cause was defeated.

Such were the first steps towards the acquisition of the temporal power of the Popes, which were treason and rebellion against the lawful sovereign.

And further, as idolatry (which was the actual cause of the revolt) is contrary to the second commandment, the Romish Pope set up his standard in opposition to the expressed will of Heaven.

But still all this did not then place the Pope on a footing among the princes of the earth.

He had no territory except the "Patrimony of St. Peter,"a tract of land some one hundred miles in length, over which a great deal of

THE TEMPORAL POWER OF THE POPES.

sanctity was thrown.

Spiritual war was declared against anyone impious enough to invade this domain.

The temporal power of the Popes dates from about the year A. D. 755, when Pepin, the Short, made his famous donation.

The Lombards, who had steadily been gaining territory northward, advanced on Ravenna, the country now called Romagna, and then threatened the subjugation of all Italy.

In this emergency the Pope sent an entreaty to Pepin, king of France, for assistance to maintain the Patrimony of St. Peter.

Pepin came at the head of a powerful army and drove back the Lombards, and not only reinstated the church in what it had lost, but also gave to it the whole of Romagna, which he might have annexed to the government at Constantinople. He formally transferred the conquered territory to the bishop of

Rome;

and herein was the temporal power of the Popes first established.

Pepin did not confer this great favor on the Pope without hope of reward.

At home, he was conniving to obtain a greater extent of power, which was granted him by the Pope as soon as events brought forth an opportunity of bestowing it.

Thus we see the second step in the acquisition of territory was like the first—originated in greed and perfected by treason, both on the part of the Pope and Pepin himself, who was the means of overthrowing the government of his own country, and arrogating the power to himself.

Pepin was now about to return to France when the Pope entreated him to remain until all the ceded provinces had been properly turned over to the Holy See.

But as the Frankish king had made the "Donation"on parchment, and had restored the Patrimony of St.

Peter to the church, he satisfied himself by commissioning others to attend to other details.

So he left Rome for his own country.

Here was the church possessed of the presumably legal title to a number of provinces, but was totally without power to enforce submission from the inhabitants, whose lands had been fraudulently deeded over to the "man of sin."No sooner was Pepin again in his own land, than Astolph, at the head of a powerful army of Lombards, invaded the Holy See, and ravaged the surrounding country.

They spared neither churches nor shrines, but desolated the land wherever they went.

Perplexed and sorely affrighted, the Pope sent an appeal to Pepin to return at once, "and take compassion on the

Holy Church of God and St. Peter, and to put her in possession of all that, by your donation, you are firmly tied and bound to render her.""Think not,"he wrote, "you will be permitted to keep your promise by mere words.

Hasten rather to expedite the delivery of your donation that you may moan not your remissness to all eternity.

We therefore adjure you by Almighty God, by His mother, the everlasting virgin, by the blessed princes of the Apostles, Peter and Paul, and by the tremendous day of judgment, that you cause to be delivered up all towns, places and districts, hostages and captives unto St.

Peter, and all that belongs to your donation, because for that purpose it was that the Lord, by my humility and the mediation of the blessed

Peter, annointed you to be king that through you the church might be exalted."To this entreaty, Pepin paid no attention, meanwhile, the Lombards continued their depredations, ravaging the defenceless Romans.

Again the Pope dispatched letters for help to the King of France, sending noted and titled persons to strengthen the appeals.

The miseries resulting from the siege of Rome and devastation of the lands were dilated upon, but for all the appeals of the Pope, through his ambassadors, Pepin refused to assist the church further.

This was a most critical moment for the church, for as the Pope had encouraged the rebellion of the Italians, the Lombards, under their monarch, Astolph, had no pity for the Romans as an act of retaliation.

The siege of Rome was urged with unabated vigor.

Everything portended destruc-

THE TEMPORAL POWER OF THE POPES.

tion and annihilation of church authority.

But the brains of the Pope and council were not idle.

As a last resort, an artifice unprecedented in history was made use of to induce the careless Pepin to come to the assistance of the church.

The Roman Catholic historian, Abbe'Fleury, gives the following account of the appeal:

"The Pope, at last, in this extremity, made use of an artifice without example, either before or afterwards in the whole history of the church. He wrote a letter to the King (Pepin) and the French, in the name of St. Peter, making him speak himself as if he was still on the earth.

The title was like that of the canonical epistles, and begins thus:

'Peter called to the Apostleship by Jesus Christ, the Son of the Living God.'He makes the Virgin Mary, the angels, the martyrs, and all the other saints speak with him, and ask that the French might come at once 'to the assistance of the fountain of their regeneration and their spiritual mother.''I conjure you,'says he, 'by the living God, not to suffer my city of Rome, and my people to be any longer torn to pieces by the Lombards, that your bodies may not be tormented in eternal fire,nor the sheep of the flock which God hath entrusted to my care to be dispersed, lest He should reject and despise you, as

He did the people of Israel.

And afterwards, if ye obey me immediately, ye shall receive a great reward in this life;

ye shall overcome all your enemies, enjoy long life, eat of the good things of the earth, and undoubtedly partake of eternal life.

If not, be assured by the authority of the Holy Trinity, and by the grace of my apostleship, ye shall be deprived of the Kingdom of God, and of eternal life.'"(The greater part of this epistle was published in the Contributor, Vol. IV; p. 20.)

Pepin was completely conquered by this epistle, remarkable as it was, for he supposed it to be an actual revelation from heaven, penned by the Apostles.

Being in his sublime ignorance, convinced of this, he immediately summoned a large army, and set out in the heart of winter for the plains of Lombardy and the States of Rome.

Of course, Astolph not being able to cope with the

French armies, was compelled to flee.

Negotiations of peace were proposed and agreed to by both parties, the terms being that Astolph would indemnify his kingdom in certain ways, and "deliver up to the Pope all the lands, cities and districts enumerated in the treaty,"and to give security for the performance of these contracts.

These conditions were fulfilled by the Lombard monarch, and the keys of the ceded cities, and a new deed formally making over to "the Apostle Peter and the Holy Roman Church forever,"all the ceded provinces were delivered to the head of the church at Rome.

After the accomplishment of this, Pepin declared with an oath that he had not exposed himself in battles for any worldly consideration, but for the sake of St. Peter, and for a pardon of his sins.

Thus we have seen the first step to gaining the temporal power of the church at Rome was in encouraging a revolt against the lawful sovereign; the second, forcibly stealing lands against the will of the powerless inhabitants;

and thirdly, forging a letter from St. Peter to maintain them when acquired.

When Charlemagne, son of King Pepin came to the throne of France, the

Pope deemed it advisable to have the deeds given by his father confirmed by the illustrious son.

To this end, on one occasion when Charlemagne was visiting at Rome, the Pope, intent on committing robbery, induced the King to confirm the deeds.

While the King wrote, the Pope professed to read from the former deeds, but instead of following the text, included many cities, towns and districts not enumerated in the former donation.

This gave the Pope nearly the whole of

Southern Italy, the island of Corsica, and several other important districts The King not suspecting deceit in so pious and holy a personage as Pope Hadrian, signed the papers, which he supposed was merely a nominal matter.

Thus the fourth step in the acquisition of temporal power is marked with deception, robbery and crime.

THE TEMPORAL TOWER OF THE POPES.

The foregoing, however, are not all their crimes to the same end, that history speaks of.

No means was despaired of to gain more temporal as well as spiritual power.

Forgery seems to have been a favorite scheme.

Following the forged third epistle of St.

Peter, of which we have spoken, comes three forged documents from Louis the Pious, Constantine the Great, and Otho I.

The donation of Constantine, the first

Christian emperor, said to have been made about the middle of the fourth century, is often quoted as the foundation of the temporal power of the Popes. As the story goes, before Constantine became converted to Christianity, he fell very sick, and his physicians advised him to bathe in a tub of infants'blood as a last resort. When a large number of children were secured to be killed for this purpose, the piteous cries of their mothers so affected Constantine, that he refused to follow the prescription.

As if to reward him for this gracious act, Peter and Paul appeared to him in a vision, and instructed him to send for the Pope (Sylvester), who would heal him immediately, on conditions that he would sustain and uphold the church.

The marvelous cure was effected, and in return, Constantine issued a decree that "the most sacred See of blessed

Peter should be gloriously exalted above the imperial and earthly throne, and the Pontiff thereof, be superior and prince over all the priests of the whole world."To the Pope, he turns over all the states and provinces of Italy and "'the western regions"and pronounces "eternal damnation of hell fire, with the devil forever,"on everyone who should disregard this decree.

This most ridiculous and oft exploded fable was inserted in the canon law, and is found there to this day. These forged grants were exposed during the fifteenth century, and since that time have not been quoted as authority, though it is stated by Roman Catholic writers that Constantine actually made the donation in question.

Of this there is no proof.

The next grant obtained through forgery and deception, is that of Otho the Great, in 962.

This king and his queen were crowned with great ceremony by the Pope at Rome, and as a matter of reciprocity, was induced to swear under oath, in writing, he would defend the Pope, etc., and "cause restoration to be made of all the lands and territories that might be found to have been taken from the Holy See."Not for forty years afterwards was the interpretation of this contract fully made known.

It was contended this forgery conveyed (in some manner that never could be explained, as the clause does not specify anything in particular) a portion of King Otho's dominions, besides a larger extent of territory than had ever been before claimed.

When these claims were set up, the grandson of Otho I repudiated them, but to no avail.

They were held to be genuine by the Romish Pontiff, whose assumption proved more effective than the official exposure of the forgery of Otho III.

The forged donation of Louis the Pious was much similar to that of Otho

I, and was not paraded before the world until nearly forty years after it was said to have been made.

Again, in the twelfth century, the Pope, by the connivance and assistance of Gregory VII, the notorious Hildebrand, obtained most of the extensive lands owned by the Countess Matilda, with whom history informs us the Pope was on extremely intimate terms. When he could not get the estate by persuasion, and after Matilda had separated from her husband, son of the Duke of Bavaria, the matter was very unjustly adjudicated upon in favor of the Pope, who, as a matter of fact, had no shadow of claim to the inheritance.

In the thirteenth century, a series of robberies were committed by the popes, aided by the Emperor.

Some were obtained by force of arms, some demanded as a species of remuneration before the Pope would confirm certain persons in positions they sought. Others were not confirmed until they had acknowledged all the claims (doubtful ones as well as others) of the Church.

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

In this manner a vast amount of territory was acquired under Innocent III and Nicholas III.

The last conquest or robbery we will notice, of any consequence, occurred in the sixteenth century at the ascension of the "soldier Pope"Julius.

Notwithstanding his age, and the enfeebled condition of his ill-used system, he marched at the head of his forces to conquer the territories of the Venetians as if he were merely a temporal prince, and forgetting his claim to being "the Vicar of Christ,"the head of the Church upon earth.

However, he was successful in obtaining plunder in lands and goods, and at length owned "from Placentia to Terracina, the loveliest of countries."To summarize: We have shown that the temporal power of the papal kingdom was obtained, first, by encouraging and aiding a revolt against Leo III bv his lawful subjects, when Leo was endeavoring to exterminate image worship.

Next was the robbery by Pepin of

Leo's lands and the receiving of the stolen provinces by the Church.

Then to maintain these illgotten gains against an invading foe, the "Third Epistle of Peter"was forged with the desired success.

Following we have noticed the forged donation of Constantine and "stuffed"deeds of Pepin and confirmed and added to in the grant of Charlemagne.

To this was added numerous tracts by wholesale thieving committed by the Pope himself without reason or cause.

It is admitted by the Romish church historians (Baronius and Cardinal Perron) that the document known as the Donation of Constantine was forged by the Popes, but they endeavor to justify the act by the condition of the Church.

E. E. Brain.

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

The province of Munster abounds with scenes full of historical as well as scenic interest; and before leaving this part of the "Emerald Isle,"a visit to Fermoy will bring back to the mind of the tourist many incidents of Irish character and

Irish wit, indulged in by the "men of letters,"who claim that historical town as their birthplace.

Fermoy is situated about nineteen miles northeast of Cork City, and is connected therewith by railroad.

It is a garrison town, and has two barracks—one for cavalry and one for infantry.

It has a college and two convents and several churches.

The inhabitants are chiefly Catholics.

The river Blackwater runs through the center of the town and is spanned by a bridge of thirteen arches, built in 1689.

This stream abounds with salmon and is a favorite resort for lovers of the piscatorial art.

Its banks also are crowned with ruins of castles, abbeys, etc., that present a romantic appearance and recall the days of the Desmonds and the "Curse of Crumnell."Sir Boyle Roche, of Roche and Fermoy, is thus described by his biographer, and it may serve as an index to the general character of Irish wits, of whom the gifted Sir Richard Steele said:

"Their bulls may be attributed to climate, for if an 'Englishman was born in Ireland, he'd make as many.'"There is no doubt "bulls"are occasionally perpetrated by others than natives of Ireland, as in the case of the English viceroy who advised that, "the greatest economy was necessary in the consumption of all species of grain, especially of potatoes."

Boyle Roche represented several places in the Irish House of Commons, having successively been elected for Tralee, Gowran, Port Arlington and Old

Leighton.

He excused his absence from some engagement by assuring the

House "no man could be in two places at once, barring he was a bird."He concluded a long speech with this peroration: "Why should we put ourselves out

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

for posterity?

What, I ask, did posterity ever do for us?"He said, in concluding a speech:

"It would be better, Mr.

Speaker, to give up not only a part, but, if necessary, even the whole of the Constitution to preserve the remainder."Speaking of the invasion then expected from France, he styled the Marseillaise the "marshal law men, who, if they came would cut us into mincemeat and throw our bleeding heads on the table to 'stare us in the face;'but the best way to avoid danger was to meet it plumb."Besides these mentioned, many other amusing "bulls"are attributed to him:

His moving in committee, on the bill then before the Commons, for the better regulation of weights and measures, that "every quart bottle should hold a quart;"that "every man should be his own washerwoman;"and his invitation to a nobleman, who spoke of visiting that part of the country over which Sir Boyle lived: "If ever you come within a mile of my house, my lord, I hope you'll stop there."The names of Curran, O'Connell, Henn, O'Grady, and others, whose wit and wisdom have given zest to the humdrum toil of the "Irish Bar"on the Munster circuit, might be cited as fair samples of native wit and eloquence.

In passing from Munster to the metropolis, many places of interest may with profit be visited.

Mallow Junction is a small town on the Blackwater, visited in summer by a great many people, on account of its mineral waters.

The Curragh of Kildare, a large camp occupied by several regiments of infantry and cavalry, is very attractive in the summer on account of the many and splendid military reviews and sham fights;

as, also, for the races which constitute this race-course the "Newmarket"of Ireland.

The County of Kildare is peculiarly rich in antiquities of nearly every historical period. It has five round towers and formerly had a stone circle (Druidical) similar to that at Stonehenge.

There are also several castles of the Anglo-Norman period.

The towns of Kildare, Naas and Athy, are old and contain several ancient edifices.

The County of Dublin is replete with interest, and before we enter the city of that name, a visit to "sweet Dublin Bay"and the isle of Dalkey will prove worth the while spent there.

Dublin Bay is often compared to the "Bay of Naples,"as it is similar in appearance and magnificence.

Crescent in form and pacific, it affords a safe harbor for ships, and the magnificent docks are a constant scene of bustle and confusion.

At the southwestern extremity of the Bay, separated from the main land by a narrow channel about four hundred and forty yards wide, is a small island called Dalkey Island.

It does not contain more than twenty-five or thirty acres of land.

There are many rabbits burrowing among the rocks and in the ruins of an old church.

This venerable structure was dedicated to St. Benedict.

A well, considered to have efficacy in curing blindness, is close to the church.

Rude stone coffins are sometimes found close to the shore, showing the island was, in remote times, used as a burial place. The inhabitants of Dalkey

Island are now a few artillery men quartered in one of the Martello towers,who serve a small battery of three twentyfour pound guns.

That Dalkey was a place of importance in the early days of Anglo-Norman rule in Ireland may be inferred from its charter of incorporation, and by an enrollment of Edward III, A. D. 1358: "The little harbor in Dalkey Sound appears to have been the port for arrival and departure of various dignitaries.

An inscription on the Cullamore or great rock informs us 'that in 1414, Sir John Talbot, Lord Furnival, afterwards John,

Earl of Shrewsbury, landed here to take upon himself the viceregal government of Ireland,'and in 1558 the Earl of Sussex embarked his forces here to invade the Scots, who had landed on the Isle of

Rathlin, on the coast of Antrim."

The harbor of Dalkey no longer witnesses the arrivals or departures of the

Queen's representatives in Ireland.

At the close of the last century this island was annually the scene of much mirth and revelry, for a riotous feast was had

IRELAND AND THE IRISH.

here on the occasion of the election or rather re-election of King Stephen of Dalkey.

A number of the "bloods"of Dublin would assemble on the island and proceed with the annual festivities.

Mr. Armytage, of Dublin, a bookseller of some note and eminence, was the "King

Stephen,"and the ceremonies are thus described: "The titles borne by this monarch were, 'His Facetious Majesty Stephen the First, King of Dalkey, Emperor of the Muglins, Prince of Lamb Island, Duke of Lambay, Elector of Irelands Eye,

Protector of the Maiden's Rock, Statholder of the Hen and Chickens, Sovereign of the Illustrious Order of the Lobster and Perriwinkle, Champion of Cullamore, Respecter of All Men's Faith and Defender of His Own.'"

He only held his sovereignty for a year, resigning it when the grand annual festival of electing the king took place, usually in June.

The king having been duly elected, at once proceeded, accompanied by his court, to the ruins of the old church, when the Archbishop of Dalkey preached a short sermon, limited to five minutes.

Then the Lord Chancellor of Dalkey was presented with a pair of white gloves, for he had no causes on his list. The Lord Keeper was entrusted with the care of the Round Tower, with power to confine therein any unruly subject.

The Poet Laureate then recited the coronation ode.

The last poet laureate was Thomas Moore.

The Lord High Admiral commanded the ferryboats in which the king and his lieges crossed Dalkey Sound.

The court then proceeded to the Rocking Stone, placed at the south entrance to Dalkey Island, and there the king created his knights.

Charles Indedon, the celebrated singer, was known in these Dalkey revels as "Sir Charles Melody;"Thomas Moore was "Knight of Castalia."The hospitable Dublin solicitor, Tom O'Meara, was one of the office-holders, and the following anecdote is related of him:

"When the Irish Government, towards the end of the last century, grew alarmed at the spread of French principles in Ireland, conceiving the fetes at Dalkey were coverts for hatching treason, they resolved to inquire into the proceedings.

The Lord Chancellor, Earl of Clare, being aware that Mr.

( >'.\leara, who was well known in the convivial circles of Dublin, attended these re-unions sent for him, and the following dialogue is related to have taken place:

Lord Chancellor.—I believe you hold an office in connection with the kingdom of Dalkey, Mr. O'Meara?

Mr. O'Meara.—Yes, my lord.

Lord Chancellor.—What are you?

Mr. O'Meara.—I am Duke of Muglins and Commissioner of the Royal Revenue.

Lord Chancellor.—Have you any perquisites from your office?

Mr. O'Meara.—I am allowed to import ten thousand hogsheads duty free.

Lord Chancellor.—Indeed Hogsheads of what?

Mr. O'Meara—Salt water, my lord.

"The Knight of Innishower,"a poem in Temple Bar, well illustrates these festivities.

The City of Dublin is noted for its beautiful streets and squares, and grandeur of its public buildings.

Sackville street, one hundred and twenty feet broad and seven hundred and twenty yards long, is the principal street, and contains many fine buildings, and the stores on each side are so arranged as to constitute this street the centre of a vast retail trade. At the north end stands the

Rotunda, with Rutland Square;

in its centre the beautiful Ionic portico of the

General Post Office and Nelson's Monument (one hundred and thirty feet high).

At the south end is Carlisle Bridge, a fine piece of masonry crossing the Liffey.

Among the principal squares the largest is Stephen's Green;

it occupies an area of nearly twenty acres, and is about a mile in circuit.

Next in size is Merrion Square, containing about thirteen acres.

The park and squares of Trinity College are also very extensive.

The Four Courts, a massive structure, has a very imposing effect, as also have the Bank of Ireland, Trinity College and the Custom House.

The castle is shorn of any architectural

THE MAGNETIC NEEDLE.

beauty it may possess, from its duskj appearance and situation being hemmed in by close streets and the irregularity of the buildings that surround it.

The principal monuments are:

one of William III in College Green; of Lord Nelson in Sackville street, and of the Duke of Wellington in Phoenix Park; the latter is very fine, and stands on a pedestal, the base of which is approached by a number of steps on each side.

It was near these steps that Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke met their death, a short time ago, at the hands of assassins.

In the cool summer evenings these steps are the favorite resort of loungers of all kinds and both sexes may be found here keeping the lover's tryst.

The river Liffey runs east and west through the city, and is crossed by nine bridges—its banks are well walled with granite, and on each side is a broad and well paved street called the Quay; the parapets are also of granite and well built. From Carlisle Bridge to the Docks is the Quay proper, although it is all called the Quay as far as Island Bridge.

There are also two canals, called the Royal and Grand, the former connecting

Dublin with the North Shannon and the west of Ireland, and the latter with the south portion of Shannon and the south.

Dublin is headquarters for the military;

the Royal Barracks, Linen Hall Barracks, Portabello Barracks and Pigeon House Fort being generally occupied to their fullest capacity, besides detachments at the castle and several other points.

Phoenix Park is a favorite resort for pleasure seekers.

It contains nearly two thousand acres, with a large amount of timber and brushwood.

It is used extensively for military reviews; and the

Zoological Gardens attract a great many visitors.

The Viceregal Lodge is a fine building in the northwestern part of the park, also the magazine, and the barracks for the constabulary.

There is also a cavalry barracks near the south entrance to the park and near to Island Bridge, and called Island Bridge Barracks.

The environs of Dublin are very beautiful and fraught with much interest to the student of history.

Glasnevin is especially worthy of note as being the dwelling place of the poet—Tickell, of Addison, Steele, Parnell, Swift, Sheridan and many other celebrated men;

besides the cemetery holds the remains of Curran, O'Connell and Tom Steele.

Rathmines is also a very beautiful retreat and the abode of a great number of Dublin's merchants.

Dublin as a city is one of the handsomest and most delightful capitals of Europe, and will well repay the time spent by the tourist in visiting its attractions.

Outside of the ''Liberties"(which is a dirty and degraded locality), the streets of Dublin are broad, well paved and lighted, and withal cleanly, and the buildings are well constructed and tastefully designed, and will compare favorably with cities of much greater pretensions.

Robt. S. Spence.

THE MAGNETIC NEEDLE.

It is not intended in this article to give a history of the magnetic needle or its construction;

but to point out and correct several popular errors in regard to it, which seem to be almost universally entertained by those not accustomed to its use.

For instance, most persons think that the magnetic needle, as used in compasses, theodolites or transits, points due north and south.

On the contrary, it never does except on a certain line passing in a zigzag northwesterly and southeasterly direction through Ohio, Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina, which is called "the line of no variation."A compass set on this line will point due north and south, but will not do so any where else.

East of this "line of no variation"the north end of

THE MAGNETIC NEEDLE.

the needle will point west of north;

west of that line it will point to the east of north, with a greater or less inclination as the compass is agreater or less distance east or west from that line.

At this time, a compass set in Maine will point west of the true north, while at the same time one at Fort Yukon in

Alaska will point about 36 east of north;

so that if ten thousand instruments were simultaneously set on a line running across the continent, no two would point in exactly the same direction, but would converge to a point in the north like a letter "A."making a difference in courses, between extreme points east and west, of fifty four degrees.

Another error, entertained even by some surveyors, is that this variation of the needle remains the same from year to year.

This is not the case;

for the variation referred to in the precedingparagraph is constantly changing; east of the "line of no variation"it is now gradually becoming less, and west of that line it is increasing.

Ignorance of this fact has been productive of great injury in Utah and adjoining Territories, in consequence of incompetent surveyors endeavoring to retrace surveys made several years previously without making proper allowance for this change, without which allowance a correct re-survey cannot be made by the magnetic needle.

In some cases inexperienced surveyors,wish, ing to re-establish lost government survey lines and corners, have made re-surveys with their instruments set for the variation marked in the original field notes, the original survey having been made some twenty years or more previously, and as a matter of course all their lines were wrong. Since the United States survey of Utah,the variation has increased about one degree and thirty minutes;

therefore in running a mile north from his starting point, the surveyor would locate a corner 2.10 chains, or over eight rods too far east of its true position, an error of eighty four rods in a distance of ten miles.

Running westward from the last named point, with the same instrumental error and the same distance, would bring the relocated corner nearly in the center of a quarter section tract, instead of its proper place.

Inasmuch as government title to land is based on the original government survey; and further, that nothing short of a special Act of Congress would authorize any change of those lines, the importance of a correct understanding of the subject becomes very manifest.

After the field notes and plat of a survey have been accepted by the department in Washington, no change can be made in it even if serious mistakes are subsequently discovered in the orignal survey, for this would render everything uncertain to holders of land, and make them fear to make valuable improvements upon their claims.

It is remarkable that this yearly or "secular change"of variation is not so rapid in one place as in another not far distant, as for instance, New York and Philadelphia.

On the Atlantic coast the yearly change of variation is from two minutes of a degree to five, while on the Pacific it is only from one minute to three.

At present the "line of no variation"is slowly moving westward, and will continue until it reaches its maximum;

it will then slowly move eastward for about one hundred and twenty years till it reaches its extreme eastern limit, thus requiring two hundred and forty years to reach its starting point again.

The cause of this pendulum-like motion is unknown—we simply know it exists.

In the United States the yearly change of variation is from one minute of a degree to five and a half minutes, as an average.

Another error relative to the magnetic needle is, that it points in the same direction throughout the day.

In addition to its yearly or "secular variation,"it has also a daily variation.

About sunrise the north end of the needle points considerably east of the true magnetic meridian, then begins to move westward, reaching its extreme westerly variation at about one o'clock p.m. after which it oscillates eastward again. The average of this daily variation, called the"mea/i diurnal variation'''is

THE MAGNETIC NEEDLE.

reached about 6 o'clock p. m., when the needle points in the true mean magnetic meridian, but not to the true north and south.

But this daily change is not regular, being greater in summer than in winter, and greater at one part of the day than another.

The "daily variation"in summer is from one minute to five;

in winter from one minute of a degree to three.

It thus appears that if a compass or transit be set up in any place, remaining undisturbed for a year, its needle will change its direction every hour in the day and every day in the year, although the yearly change is so small as not to be appreciable from one to another.

There is another variation of the needle caused by mineral attraction in the ground, which often produces error in surveys, if not detected and corrected in time.

This attraction is usually not suspected by the surveyor until he finds his work is not coming out right; and then it is sometimes quite difficult to determine the precise location of the disturbing influence, without going over his entire work.

But if, as he should do in running lines by the needle, he uses flags both in front and rear, he will usually discover this disturbing influence as soon as he meets it.

The writer has detected an error of two and a half degrees, due to local attraction, in a distance of half a mile, which would cause an error of seven rods in that distance.

Another very common misunderstanding is the idea that if a compass beset pointing truly north and south, that by turning it to a right angle it will give a true east and west course, running an indefinite distance in either direction.

This is not true, from the fact that while a true north and south line is straight, a true east and west line is not straight but curi'ed.

For a short distance this curvature is not perceptible to the eye, but at the distance of half a mile or more becomes sufficient to lead an inexperienced person into difficulty if not taken into account;

the difference between the true and apparent courses increasing rapidly as the length of the course run increases. Thus, in Lat. 42, a flag set by the needle one mile east will be a little over seven inches two far south of the true point; at ten miles distant it will be about sixty feet in error;

at twenty miles, about two hundred and forty feet too far south of its true position;

and if prolonged sufficiently the line would finally run to the equator.

It is therefore impossible to run a true east and west course by the magnetic needle without computing the error and making the proper correction for curvature.

This is not strictly an error of the needle but consists in trying to apply a straight line along a curve—

a thing obviously impossible to do.

All north and south lines or meridians, however far apart at the equator, meet at the poles, thus causing what we term a square piece of land to be narrower along its north boundary than on its south side, in the northern hemisphere;

a difference of about sixty-five links or forty-three feet in a U.S. Township six miles square. Therefore while the angles of its boundary lines at its north east and north west corners will include more than 90 those of the south east and south west corners will be less than a right angle.

Another common error is in the supposition that all magnetic needles point in the same direction when set up at the same time and place.

On the contrary, if any number of compasses or transits—all first class instruments—be set up side by side it will be found no two point in the same direction; and unless some standard be at hand with which to compare them, no one can tell which of them, if any, is correct.

In fact it will usually be found that all are incorrect.

On one occasion five first class transits were set up side by side in

Salt Lake City for experiment, and were found to disagree from a quarter of a degree to more than two degrees; and the owner of each believed his to be most nearly correct.

In view of these facts the Government requires all instruments used in making surveys of the public lands or mining claims to be tested by an official standard before they can be used; and a record is kept

THE MAGNETIC NEEDLE.

in the U.

S. Land Department, Washington of the kind of instrument used, and the amount of its magnetic error.

In addition to this every public land surveyor is required, frequently, to test his compass in the progress of his surveys, by observation on the polar star, to make sure that it is not getting out of adjustment.

Also, in making return of any public survey, the U.

S.

Deputy or mineral surveyor must testify upon oath before a competent legal officer that none of his lines have been run by the magnetic needle.

If they have been, all his work is liable to be rejected.

With all these precautions, serious errors are sometimes discovered subsequently.- What then must be the case when no such care is exercised?

The question now arises—if the magnetic needle is so unreliable and uncertain, what is it good for? We answer that in the hands of one who understands its deficiencies and errors and knows how to correct them, it becomes of considerable value, giving a close approximation to a true course, and serving to check the reading of horizontal angles on the compass or transit used.

A true north and south line may be attained by observation on Polaris, (the north star), or by using a solar compass.

If the first method be adopted, the instrument is directed to the polar star when it is exactly north, which occurs twice in twenty four hours as the star revolves around the true north point; the exact time for observation being given by tables prepared by authority of Government.

The details of the observation will not be given here, but may be seen in any work on surveying.

If the latter method be adopted, a solar compass is used, which gives a true meridian or course at any hour of the day when the sun shines,—not by its needle, but by the position of the sun.

The instruments must first be adjusted to the latitude of the place, the sun's declination at the hour when the instrument is used, and allowance made for difference of longitude between Greenwich Observatory, England and the place of observation;

also for error of atmospheric refraction and the instrumental error.

To use the solar compass, therefore, it is necessary to have a Nautical Almanac at hand, published by the American or English Government; and as the sun's declination sensibly changes every hour, and the latitude, with every mile run north, great care and skill is necessary for its successful employment.

This is the instrument.which the government requires to be used in the public land surveys, though in certain cases other instruments may be used in making subdivisions.

James H Martineau.

Dr. Abernethy was famous for laconic speeches to patients, and many of his witty sayings are still current.

Knowing that he was master of his profession, and that they were in greater need of his services than he of their patronage, he resented any attempt to encroach on his independence.

Once, when summoned in urgent haste to attend on his Majesty George the Fourth, he sent back the impertinent reply, "I will attend upon the king when my lecture at the hospital is over."

His most famous encounter, however, was with Wellington, and for once the Iron Duke found a match who compelled him to retreat. The Duke called to consult him in office hours.

His name was sent in to the doctor, and he was shown into the waiting room with other patients.

As many of them belonged to the lower classes, and were admitted to the consulting room in their turn before his Grace, the Duke became impatient, and forced his way in, without being summoned.

The doctor, who was busy with a patient, looked up with surprise, exclaiming:

"How did you get in, sir?""By the door,"was the impassive reply.

"Well, sir,"said the doctor, "I recommend you to make your exit the same way."There was no alternative.

The conqueror of Napoleon was compelled to retreat by a city doctor.

The occurrence was creditable to neither party.

Each ought to have apologized for ungentlemanly conduct.

27'4 EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, April, 1884.

STATISTICAL REPORTS.

The absence of statistical reports at the Young Men's Conference this spring was to be regretted.

Not only because it was a neglect of duty by the officers who should have supplied them, but for the reason that at no previous time in the history of the associations could so good a report have been rendered. The increased interest which was manifested early last season in getting the associations started for the winter was maintained quite generally throughout the Territory.

As a result an increase of members, more meetings and interesting exercises have followed and a greater work has been done than in any season before. We are enabled to make this gratifying statement from observation at the quarterly conferences, which have been held in nearly every stake, and very numerously attended by the young people.

These conferences are getting to be more interesting each season.

Where a full day is occupied by them—and at least that much time.should be—the opportunity is given for competitive exercises, to hear reports, attend to the necessary business and receive instructions.

The two meetings frequently present such a variety of exercises as to make them exceedingly entertaining and popular.

Indeed, in some stakes they are considered by old and young to be the most interesting meetings held.

This is especially noticeable where the young people's conferences are held regularly, the adjournment being taken rom one quarter to the next, and appointments made accordingly.

Under such circumstances the officers are encouraged to exert themselves in making them as profitable as possible, with the very best results.

But where no regularity prevails and there is no certainty of another conference following the one being held, the same interest cannot be maintained, nor the same amount of good done. We believe that every superintendent will have discovered this and it should cause them to be unremitting in their efforts, until the young men's conferences shall be as thoroughly established as any other, upon given dates, to which all the young people may look forward confidently, expecting the day to be devoted to them and the institutions which they are engaged in. We look forward to the time when this will be the case universally in the stakes of Zion and when

Superintendent Woodruff's observation relating to the general conference of the young men, when he said we ought to have two days time, will be realized.

At present the quarterly conferences in the stakes are more regular and, we heard one of the superintendents say of his own stake coference, more interesting than the general conference

There is one difficulty in the way of the young men occupying a whole Sabbath day for their conferences:

it is the objection made by the Sabbath school superintendents to closing their schools on such occasions.

They say, and we think justly, that the frequency of conferences interrupts the regular work of the Sunday schools and has a very demoralizing effect upon the classes, causing the absence of teachers, even when not demanding the closing of the school.

It is said that sometimes conferences, first of the stake, then of the relief societies, then of the young people have followed each other so rapidly as to take three Sundays in one monthOf course that would injure any Sabbath school, however perfect its organization.

So far as the young men's conferences are concerned, this difficulty need not exist and can easily be obviated and

THE HABIT OF GRUMBLING.

should be wherever it exists or causes complaint.

By occupying the afternoon and evening we will get as much time, and better time as a general thing, for the purpose, than the morning. We will find our Sunday evening meetings will be very popular and there are many reasons why our conferences should take that time instead of the morning.

That we are entitled to one day four times a year for conferences, considering the magnitude of our organization and the interests it embodies, cannot be denied; and if we pursue the proper course and conform to the most convenient arrangements circumstances will admit of it appears to us that each stake superintendent will be able to secure suitable dates and get his quarterly conferences etablished.

When this is done he should notify the general superintendent and appointments will always be made for some one to attend.

During the past winter associations have had greater opportunities to labor with the class of young men that especially needs their attention than usual.

There being no railroading to take them away and the winter season being longer than usual are causes which have brought scores of members into the associations, and the requirement made to report non-members has also had a similar effect.

We were astonished to learn the proportion of the membership to the whole number of young men in Cache stake.

It is about eighty-five per cent., and may be that in other stakes.

The reports, had they been forwarded in time, would have contained this item, for the first time, and it would be interesting to know how we stand numerically as an association to that part of the population we represent.

It is our belief that seventy-five per cent, of the young men of Utah are enrolled in the Improvement Associations, and their sentiments are expressed in the work of the associations.

What a power we would wield if we were doing all that is expected of us with such backing!

We could set the fashions, prescribe the moral status that would be required of members of good society and almost regulate the social intercourse and entertainment of the community.

Let us preserve and strengthen our organization.

Get our exercises regulated upon the most approved and progressive system, our conferences established, missionary work under wise supervision and see that our reports, in the future, are complete, accurate and supplied in the time required.

In this connection secretaries who have not forwarded their reports for the last season yet, are requested to do so.

For though too late for the conference yet our general records should show the condition of the work and a summary can be published at any time.

We therefore urge the proper officers to see that the reports are sent in even though they are late.

Who lives with cripples learns to limp.

THE HABIT OF GRUMBLING.

Half the misery and trouble experienced in this world comes from the imagination of the sufferer.

There are some people on the earth who are continually grumbling, who can see nothing that suits them, who have always what they call "bad luck."If we were to believe them, they would impress us with the idea that nature really has given to them a greater share of the ills of life than to other more fortunate individuals.

In a certain sense they are right but nature has not given it to them, they have brought is upon themselves, which is the same in result.

The person who is thus disposed sees no blessing that is not mingled with a curse.

It is true, every rose has its thorn; but why should we pass by the beauty and finer fragrance of the flower to mourn and fret among its stinging thorns?

Why grope and weep in darkness when God has

TRINITY CHURCH.

given us the smiling sunlight?

Why grieve over the somber scenes of approaching night, when we have the ascending sun of morn to cheer and light our pathway?

A person thus disposed will always look at the ills of life, no matter how thickly his path may be set with the pearls of peace, pleasure and good.

Do you not know such men?

Have you not heard them wherever you have gone?

If the winter is very cold and disagreeable, a person of this class worries because he sees signs of disaster if the winter is mild, the spring will be late;

if he raises a good crop, it will all go to pay his debts if he has been prosperous, he sees where he might have failed if Heaven grant that a boy be born to him, he desires a girl; yet if he receives a girl, his one wish is that it might have been a boy.

Show him the virtues of your friend, and he will recall his failings and parade his faults before you; show him the beauties of the fresh lake and rippling stream, and he points to you the sloughs and slums.

How can such a man enjoy life, how can he be good company and a blessing to his race?

Give us rather the man who in all adversity can still see a glimmer of sunshine, who in the darkest night of trouble can still show you the hope that leads to day.

There is but little trouble in the world except what we make. We do not mean to carry the idea that there are not times when men will be tried.

Clouds will show themselves and hang darkly over the earth even if they have silvery linings.

So also will the clouds of sorrow hang over men, dark hours will appear, deep troubles will come; yet in all these a bright side may be found if only search is made, and it is the man who can turn even the worst disasters to serve a cheerful disposition that will live the longest, enjoy life the most, and crown at last his efforts with brilliant victory.

Hence, can we not exclaim with Douglas Jerrold:

"Were it not worse than vain to close our eyes Unto the azure sky and golden light,

Because the tempest-cloud does sometimes rise,

And glorious day must darken into night?"

By all means enjoy life while its bright side appears, and when its hours of darkness come with its weariness, its partings, heartaches, and woes, seek for the brightest spot and find pleasure in the search.

We need not be wild and careless of the sorrows and trials of our fellow men, but it should be remembered that even as "the drying up of a single tear has more of honest fame than shedding seas of gore,"so has a cheerful word, spoken with a pleasant spirit, more of soothing joy than volumes of despondent grumbling.

Men should seek joy in their labors, find joy in their religion, and bring it into their homes, "That it may wave over the childern its silkwoven wing, And dimple their cheeks like the roses of spring."

The Spirit of God delights to dwell in the heart that is buoyant with hope, and men delight to be in the company of the cheerful.

The grumbler and the discontented will neither merit the mercies of

God nor the approbation of his fellowmen.

E. H. Anderson.

TRINITY CHURCH.

Trinity Church, an imposing structure, and attractive to the residents of New York City, as well as visitors, is situated on Broadway, directly opposite to Wall Street,of which I propose to give a brief sketch.

There are but 'few persons, at all familiar with the city, but take more or less interest in "Old Trinity."Its history and associations have been intimately connected with New York for more than two centuries.

Under King George and under the republic, it has been revered as a temple of honor, and a monument of devotion to the Christian religion.

When Trinity Church was first built

TRINITY CHURCH.

on this site, it was considered on the northern boundary of the city, it is now nearly on the extreme southern boundary, the city having- extended to the north end of Manhattan Island.

In this vicinity, Broadway is crowded from morning till night with business men, who with anxious countenance and hurried step are intent upon their engagements as brokers, bankers, merchants, etc.

On the Sabbath its chimes in the lofty steeple send forth enlivening peals, inviting the weary stranger to enter its iron gates, and participate in divine worship.

It is a fine gothic pile of brown sandstone, and its doors are usually open so that one may in a few seconds abandon the noisy traffic and bustle of Broadway, and the pandemonium of the Stock Exchange which is not more than twenty rods distant, and immerse himself in the interior of this stately building, where a sudden calm, serenity, and solemnity seem to steal over you, whatever may be your creed or profession.

The oaken pews have flowers and scrolls carved upon them, and the groined roof is supported by colonnades of sandstone. The altar and surroundings are cut out of white and red marble, which combined with earn stone, mosaics and cameos, give a chaste appearance, and produce an elaborate effect.

The light is softened here, or enriched there as it radiates through its richly stained glass windows, producing in the tout ensemble a mellowness of atmosphere that is felt in the Episcopal and Catholic churches and Cathedrals of London, Paris, Rome, and other places.

Trinity Church as a corporation, has the reputation of being the richest corporation in the city, which however is scarcely borne out by the facts.

It has enjoyed facilities, there is no doubt, of becoming fabulously rich, whereas its total annual income from all sources does not exceed five hundred thousand dollars per annum, all of which is extended annually in its support and that of seven other churches and chapels it has built, and in contributions to eighteen others, and to various philanthropic and industrial missions.

Soon after the province of New Amsterdam was ceded to the British, which was in the year 1674, the Church of England in America, as the Episcopal denomination was then called, finding the little chapel near the battery too small, solicited of the king a grant of land for church purposes, and in 1697, the fifth year of the reign of William and Mary, a royal grant was made of a parcel of land, then described as "in or near to a street without the north gate of the city, commonly called Broadway."The title given with the grant was "The Parish of Trinity Church."This was supplemented by a further grant in 1705, of "Queen Anne's Farm"a tract of land that extended from Vesey street to Christopher street.

The buildings and property now comprised within said limits are now of enormous value;

it is questionable if any other real estate of the same extent in the world would equal this in value at the present time, although of but small value at that time, and Trinity Church had need of money, and so parceled it out from time to time, until its real estate, other than its churches and chapels and other charitable institutions is not extraordinarily large.

The first church built upon this site was one hundred and forty feet long, and seventy-two feet broad. The steeple was one hundred and seventy-five feet high, and records of the times say, the interior was "ornamented beyond any other place of worship in the city."

This was burned down in the year 1776—just prior to which one hundred and fifty armed men marched into the church with muskets loaded, bayonets pointed, and drums and fifes playing.

This was done while Dr. Auchmuty was officiating, who persisted in offering the usual prayer for the king, although he had been loudly cursed and threatened in the streets.

The women in the congregation screamed and fainted, at seeing the gleaming weapons enclosing the pulpit of old Trinity, but the parson was a brave man, and was not to be intimid-

THE NAME OF AMERICA.

ated or swerved from what he held to be his duty.

Death was of less account to him than a cowardly submission to the threatening mob, and he did not omit one word of the objectionable ritual, but he sought the Lord to behold with favor "Our gracious sovereign King

George."And the courageous pastor was not molested.

But this church was soon after burned down, the rector's house, and the charity school also sharing the same fate.

The church was rebuilt on the same site in 1778, and pews were reserved for the President, the Governor of the State, and members of Congress.

In 1839 this church was found to be unsafe, and was pulled down, and the present structure—the third on the site was completed in the year 1S46.

Dr. Morgan Dix, the present incumbent is the ninth rector of Trinity Church.

The Doctor created some excitement two years ago by his lectures, in which he lifted gently the curtain, and showed some of the follies and sins of what is called genteel society; the sight was so appalling, its flavor so nauseating, and the protests so threatening, that he dropped it suddenly; but the demoralizing practices are continued, while the chimes in the high steeple of old Trinity send forth their melodious proclamation of peace, peace, when there is no peace for the wicked.

The visitor to Trinity Church should not fail to visit the tomb of Alexander Hamilton who was killed in a duel by

Aaron Burr, on the west bank of the Hudson River.

It is a credit to the age in which we live, that this barbarous practice has been put down by more just and wise public sentiment, when more rational and humane methods have been devised to vindicate wounded honor.

James H. Hart.

THE NAME OF AMERICA.

The geographies tell us that the name of this continent was derived from that of one of the navigators who followed

Columbus—Americus Vespucius.

His real name, however, was Vespucci, and

Vespucius is the Latinized form of it, just as Americus is supposed to be the Latin for Amerigo.

But why should this continent have been called America?

If it had been called after Columbus, it would have been named not Christopheria, but Columbia.

Why not, then, if Columbus, was to be robbed of his honor, call the land Vespucia? And was

Vespucci's name Amerigo?

Mr. Charles Mackay maintains that it was not.

He has seen a very rare volume, published in Milan only nine years after the death of Vespucci, describing his voyages and discoveries, in which his name is given as Albertatio.

Of course it is possible that this was a misprint, though such an error would be unlikely to occur on a title page in those days of careful printing.

But Mr.

Mackay has not been able to discover when the name America was first applied to this continent.

He has a theory that it was not derived from Vespucci's name at all, but came from a Celtic word imrich, which means to emigrate, or to go to another country.

The idea is a fanciful one;

yet there have been stranger formations of names than this would be.

However the name may have been derived, it is certain to stand. The whole world, except France, calls the country America, and spells the name one way.

This uniformity is true of no other great country.

Deutchland is Germany to the English and Allemagne to the French.

England is Angleterre to the French and

Inghilterra to the Italians.

France is Frankreich to the Germans and Francia to the Spaniards.

Espafia is Ispagna to the Italians and Spain to the English, and so on.

But America is America, with the same pronunciation to all the world, except France, where it becomes

Amerique, and America it will always be.

Show me the man you honor.

I know by that symptom better than any other, what kind of a man you yourself are.

For you show me there what your ideal of manhood is, what kind of man you long inexpressibly to be.

Carlyle.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

SEMI-ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

The Semi-Annual Conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations was held in the Assembly Hall Friday evening, April 4th.

General Superintendent Wilford Woodruff presiding.

The meeting was largely attended and the several stakes fairly represented by their respective superintendents or other officers.

Remarks were made by Superintendent Woodruff, who was gratified with the large attendance, and the apparent interest taken by the young people in the cause of improvement.

He called upon the following stake superintendents, who reported the condition of the associations of their respective stakes as thriving and better than ever before:

H. S. Woolley, Bear Lake; Wm. G. Brough, Morgan;

J.

F.

Allred, San Pete.

Junius F. Wells represented that the associations generally had been very prosperous during the past season that conferences had been quite generally held and largely attended in the various stakes.

He regretted that through the failure of certain stake officers to forward their reports it would be impossible to render a statistical report at the present conference.

R. C. Badger expressed the pleasure he realized in laboring among the associations, saying he thought they were doing good in extending the knowledge of the Truth and securing testimonies to the young.

President Woodruff said that he was disappointed in not having a full report presented at this conference.

He thought that our interest should be kept up, and predicted that it would get so great in the work in which we are engaged that the time would come when we would not wish to take vacation in the summer, but hold our meetings continuously the whole year round.

He blessed the young people and admonished them to faithfulness.

President Georare Q. Cannon delivered a very impressive brief discourse in which he especially dwelt upon the great advantages of methodical reading.

He believed that everybody could find time to read, were they to pursue the proper course, always having a volume near them to take up at odd moments, but pursuing, even under such circumstances, a careful, methodical habit of observing as they read and noting that which would be of interest or use.

President Joseph F. Smith was very much gratified with the work the associations are doing.

He observed that the missionary fields were largely supplied from the ranks of the associations and that generally those who have been attentive members make the best missionaries.

He asked that the blessings of the Lord might continue to abide with the young people of Zion.

Apostle Moses Thatcher made a few remarks, wisely recommending the officers and members of the associations to read the writings of believers in God, in which they would find more reason and better thoughts than in the works of infidelity—which are designed to corrupt and do injury.

The congregation sang the doxology and the conference was dismissed.

Prayer by Apostle Brigham Young.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

1. The early history of China is enshrouded in mystery.

The evidences which historians could be justified in accrediting, indicate that the Chinese were originally a nomadic people, having wandered from the region to the south-east of the Caspian Sea along the

Yellow River, and settled in the fertile plains of the modern province of Shan-se.

The ancient belief of Chinese writers was that a period of two million two hundred and sixty-seven thousand years had elapsed between the time of creation of man, as the possessor of Chinese soil, and Confucius.

This afforded them opportunity to divide that enor

28o PUDLICA TIOSS RECEIVED.

mous period into a series of epochs and to fill them with the fabulous legends which have been the wonder of historians and students of mythology.

The Chinese, however, are of the Mongolian race and are doubtless descended from the universal father Adam, through the lineage of Shem.

2. The book of History, which escaped the universal destruction of books throughout China by order of the Emperor Che Hwang-ti in the year two hundred and twenty-one B. C, having been buried in the walls of the house of

Confucius, was discovered when it was pulled down in the year one hundred and forty B. C.

It takes us back to about the time of Noah, and consists of a number of records of the Tu, Hea, Shang and Chow dynasties embracing a period from the middle of the twentyfourth century B. C.

to seven hundred and twenty-one B. C.

This may be said to be the earliest record the Chinese possess.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

Tullidge's Quarterly:

The progress of Tullidge's Quarterly Magazine is almost phenomenal.

It possesses characteristics that distinguish no other periodical in America.

It is claimed by the proprietor to be the largest quarterly issued in the Union and certainly none have a greater variety of attractive contents.

It may be said, to the credit of this magazine, that since its first issue it has presented an unequalled amount of authentic historical matter which has been lavishly illustrated with the finest steel engravings.

In the matter of portrait engraving, Tullidge has done more than any one in the west to preserve in the most artistic and durable style the likenesses of the pioneers of the west, whose names and faces will be revered in generations to come.

The enterprise exhibited by Mr. Tullidge in issuing in connection with his magazine, a history of Salt Lake

City, will win for him the gratitude of the community for years to come.

He is laboring indefatigably to gather into concise, readable form every item of value or general interest, which should be found on the pages of an authentic history.

The two parts already published indicate that his success in this labor will be artistic, thorough and satisfactory to the community.

Every family in Salt Lake City ought to read its history.

No more useful lessons can be learned by the citizens of the present day, than those taught by the courageous valor, industry, frugality and honesty of those whose devoted lives were consecrated to the founding and building up of a city of refuge in these vallies of the Rocky Mountains.

Cram's Family Atlas of the World:

An atlas of convenient size, containing authentic tables of statistics and general information is a necessity in the library of every teacher, student, professional person and almost of every family, especially where there are children attending school.

To get such an atlas at a reasonable price has been a difficulty in Utah, in times past, but need not be in the future.

The above work is one of unusual excellence.

It is simple in its arrangement and very complete; containing numerous pages of valuable statistical tables, illustrations and astronomical maps.

It contains several maps of the world, full page maps of every country and every State and Territory in the Union, besides comprehensive diagrams, designed to exhibit the comparative sizes of the countries of the world, their population, area, religion and races, products, wealth and commerce, railroads and telegraphs.

We were pleased to peruse the unqualified recommendation of this work by Dr. John R.

Park.

The agent for Utah is Mr. G. B. Bartley, a gentlemanly canvasser, who is meeting with success in introducing this work to the people of Utah.

Parties at a distance can procure the Atlas, postage free, by addressing Mr.

Bartley, Salt Lake City, and remitting the price, four dollars.

Good and clean fatherhood is as essential to the highest development of the race as good and clean motherhood.

SALT LAKE CITY

and OCDEN, UTAH, GENERAL AGINT FOR Schuttler Farm and Freight Wagons -A.thI Dealer in Open Buggies, Top Bueeies and Phaetons, Spring:

Wagons and Road Carts.

A Largs Assortment which will he 'OLD AT VEP.T LOW FBX0E6.

HEADQUARTEES FOR AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Of all kinds, and having the Latest Improvements, among which:ue the following novelties:

The hut Hay loader, The Champion Hay Sticker and Mower, Horse Hay Forks and Carriers, And (lie Celebrated Centrifugal Irrigating

Pump, liuckeyell< apets and Mowers,

Sweepstakes and Minnesota Chief

Threshers, Barbed Fence Wire, Dederick Hay Presses and Hoisting Engines.

Steam Engines, Saw Mills, Flour

MilJ Wood Working Machinery of all kinds, Lefl'el Turbine Wheels, Knowles Pumps.

Call and See them, or White fob Illustrated Circulars.

ESTABLISHED 1864.

SPRING GOODS Six Departments Fully Stocked.

Dress Goods Dept:

Silks, Satins, Tricots, Checks.

Foreign and DomesticDOMESTIC DEPT:

Zephyr Cloths, Ginghams, Cheviots, Sateens,

Linens, Table ClotJbs, Nankins, Towels, Curtains, Tidies; Endless Variety.

"HKTtfkTPl'O'W lIfcEr, TS» rff, o N'cckwear, Fancy Goods, Buttons, Hosiery, «lo\CS HIFllUil MMMjM AS Underwear, Corsets, Laces, Embroideries, Rtbbout, l"l Avers and Millinery.

Wholesale an I Itetail.

SHOE I>DE3E=»Ts Ladies'and.Misses'SJwes, Ties and Slippers, in Newest Styles- 5 «TI».

Spring Suits, Hats, Furnishing (JoojIh, MENo I and BOYS'BOOTS and.SHOES.

CAEPET IDE^T:

Body Brussels, Velvets, Moquctte. Tapestry;, Three Ply, Ingrains, Rugs, Oilcloths, Cmml.

Cloths, Window Shading and Fixtures.

WINTER STOCK GOING REGARDLESS OF COST.

Wholesale Customers Supplied with Best Goods at Lowest Prices.

Honorable Treatment Guaranteed.

HOWARD SEBREE

CO.

ALL SIZES, "WITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS;

¥ BMF1BS, I0W1BS, and COBB BOTEBS.

inn TPtinnt Pnt M nnn °"!v Two c<'?

Wvtfs, Lightest Draft, Strongest, mid lUiirluill Ulll ilLWul, BEST gRONT CU2 MOWER MADE.

CHAMPION CORD BINDER, as light in Weight and draft as an ordinary Self-Raker, very simple in construction, and guaranteed to do perfect work.

OLIVER GULLED MD HOLME STEEL PLOWS,

Harrows, Cultivators, Single arid Double Shovel Plows, Etc.

Lightest Draft, Strongest and Best Working Stility Plow made.

Can be used as jm old ground plow, or guaranteed to work well in the heaviest sage brush.

TIGER SELF -DUMP* HAY EAKE, The only perfect Self-Dump Hay Rake made.

Triumph Improved Grain Drilis and Broadcast Seeders.

Foac!

F fi.ED.

Can be adjusted to Sow Wheat, Oats, Flax, Lucerne, etc.

Hardwood Wagon Material, Porter Iron Roofing, The r/ngpst and Most Complete Stock over I FERE and LIGHTNING PROOF.

Cheapest in ilio Territory. Hardwood Plank ofall sizes and Cest Hooting made.

We have our Season's Supjyly on hand.

All received under Cut Rates of hreight.

Cental House, Salt Lake City, Utah.

ERANC:-I HO"JSES:

OGDEX, VIAE; SEOSEOJVE and CALDWELL, IDAHO.

ESTABLISHED 1374.

-o£o- FIRST CLASS SUITS Mttde to Onlfi\ PERFECT EIT GUARAEIEED.

All Correspondence to ^ IpT hS> HERALD BUILDING.

\ \\U^ WEST TKMPLK STREET.

We Carry jr-ull Lines o± FRENCH, ENGLISH, SCOTCH and IDOTVCESTIO O-OOIDS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

II. Vv\ SPENCER.

i;. EVANS.

WALKER OPEBA HOUSE, SALT LAKE CIIY.

P.

G. Box 1019.

WHOLESALE AND KKTAI1, DEALERS IN f CHICAGO SHOT, FISHING TACKLE, CUTLERY,

Canes, Field and Opera Glasses, Notions, Etc.

Rifle Clubs supplied with, Complete Outfits at Reasonable Prices.

S5T XT ID M3:B J± J3L E3 FL> JS to CO Co Co Co Our Carriage Works are one mile distant from our Wagon Works, and are under the Special Management of Mr.

J. F. Studebaker.

The force employed is 1200 men.

The Works are tour stories in height.

The floorage surface is twenty acres.

The Works are lighted by fifty- eight electric lamps.

The buildings, lumber sheds, yards, etc., cover eighty acres.

The lumber used is seasoned from three to five years before being worked.

To carefully note the operation of each branch of the work -would require a -week's time.

The production of Wagons and Carriages for 1882 was the largest ever turned out by a single firm in the history of the -world, nearly 30,000 vehicles.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, GSSsJVo. 1237 First South Street W,s55f5 PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,*^-* f^AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS •fill Orders entrusted to our Qnure promptly (Delivered.

THE HEH WALKING AND SULKY PLOWS The J.

I. CASE Plow Co.'s Sulky and Walking Plows.

Planet Jr.Farm $ Garden Implements.

J.

I. Case Threshing MaehineCompany 's Threshers and.

Horse Powers, Saw Mills and Engines.

Hay Presses, Cider and Cane Mills, Evaporators, Steel Barb Fence Wire, mm Boss Sickle rinder Coates Leve Rakes, WAGONS, Wagon Stock, Hardwood Lumber.

Scrapers, Tents, Harness, Grading Plows.

THCMAS I BOUBKWWI Ulll I CONTRAClORS'SUPPLIES.etc.

Including the Celebrated -A-G-IT-AJTOIBI Also Mr Headers, Send for Price List to JOHN W. LOWELL COMPANY, SALT LAKE AND OCDEN, UTAH.

VTAH

CESTTBAt. BAJS.WAT.

rfeTIME GOUSTO- SOUTH.

CARD.

STATIONS.

Ogi en, Depart Eaysville Farmington...

Woods Cross..

SaltLake, A^ Salt Lake, Dn.

Franrklvn..

."Lovendahla...

Sandy Draper Lehi Junction.

Lehi American For Pleasant Grove Provo Springville....

Spanish Fork..

Payson Santaquia Nephi Juab Teseret Milford Frisco, Arrive Atlantic E press.

7.00a.m.

7.45 8.12 8.30 T.OOa.m 7.18 7.26 7.8^ 7.46 8.14 8.19 8.27 8.86 9.00 9.12 9.24 9.42 9.55 10.42 11.15 "Ar.JuAB Pacific Park City Express.

Express.

8.80a.m 9.05 9.18 ».*J 9 50 8 05p.m.

3.23 8.31 8.41 3.51 4.19 4.24 4.82 "4.41 5.05 5.17 5.29 5.17 6.00 6.47 7.45 1L.50 6. 30a.m.

8.30 10.30a.m.

11.10 11.24 11.41 12.00 m.

Mail and Ixpress.

C3 Qj c S ai £ «- >> CVx c »-« 3*3 3> 5. lop.:

5.5 6.(!8 6.26 6.45 STATIONS.

GOING 3STOR.TPI.

Park City Express.

Frisco, Depart Milford........

Deseret Juab Nephi Santaquin....

Payson Spanish Fork Springville..

Provo PleasantOrove AmericsnFork Lehi Lehi Junction.

Draper Sandy Lovendahls....

Francklyn....

Salt Lake, Ar.

Salt Lake, DpWoods Cross...

Farmington...

Eaysville Ogden, Arrive Pacific E press.

Atlantic E press.

0.10a m.

7.i Oa.m 6.29 7.18 6.46 7.32 7.00 7.45 7.40 8.20 4.00p.m 0.10 11.45 4.4-Mi.m, 5.19 ".

6.05 6.19 6.3'l 6.52 7-8 7.52 8.00 8.09 8.14 8.44 8.54 9.04 9.12 9 30 3 OOp.m 3.18 3.34 3.47 4.2".

Mail and Express.

l.lOp.m 2 11 3.00 3.14 8.34 3.47 4.00 4.2J 4.32 4.41 4.46 5.14 5.21 5.31 5.42 6.00 7.30p.m 7.49 8.06 8.20 9.0 » JOHN SHARP, Genl. Supt.

JAMES SHARP, Asst. Genl. Supt.

FRANCIS COPE, Genl. F. & P. Agt.

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE RAILWAY.

TIME C.A.I5.I3.

TTROM THE SOUTH.

Leaves COAL MINE SCHOFIELD P. 7. JUNCTION CLEAE CBEEE MILL FOEE THISTLE SPANISH FOEE SPBINGVILLE PEOVO BATTLE CEEEK...

AMEEICAN FOEE..

lehi;

DBAPEB BINGHAM JUNC'N..

GEEMANIA '.

.

FBANCELYN Arrive SALT LAEE CITY Accomodation Train.

5.47 5.52 7.47 9.22 10.02 10.57 11.52 12.43..32 2.13 2.28 2.43 4.02 4.58 p m, 6.02 Pacific 12.51 a.m.

1.50 2.14 » 2.49 3 22 3.36 3.50 4.12 4.21 4.29 5.07 5.22 5.29 »« 5.32 '« 6.48 «« Springville Accom'd'n.

6.57 a.m.

7.12 7.34 7.43 7.51 « 8.29 8.44 «* S.51 8.54 9.10 Passenger Trains Leave Salt Lake for points south of Springville at 10.20 a.m.

Springville Train Leaves at 4.3? p.m.

FROM THE 3STOR.TJrI.

Atlantic Springville Express.

Accom'd'n.

Leaves OGDEN 8.42a.m.

HOOPEB 8.57 EAYSVILLE 9.20 FAEMINGTON 9.29 WOODS CBOSS 9.43 Arrive SALT LAEE CITY 10.05 1.47 p.m 3.02 3.16 3.36 «•

3.52 4.1 •« D. C. DODGE, Gen'l Manager, F. €. M HM, Gen'l T'k't Agt., UEiTT7-Eie, OOL.

W. H. BAKCROFr, Gen'l S n pi A.MUDGETT,Gen'l Agt. Pass. Dei»t.

S-A-X/T Xj-A-^E citt.

xhie s-^iltt.^ fe boutz].

FrOm 10 12 HOURS SAVED the JtIl*soml i.lver. via tlie AfiUuuJL impla atirt lattta 1c ft. ft.

Connecting in a UNION DEPOT at Pueblo with the

ZDZETsT-V^EJIR, & BIO a-IR^nST-DE

ZR,'3T.

Elegant Pullman Sleeping Cars and Day Coaches.

Best Ra Iroad Dining Halls.

P. J. FEYSrV, W.

F. WHITE, Gen. Agt., Salt Lake City.

Gen. Pass. A T'k'tAgt.,Topeka, Kau.

S. V. DERRAII, Traveling Agent.

7.r