The Glory of God is Intelligence.

GOKTRIBUTOR A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WELLS.

•AX.TO LAKE CXTT, UOPAJH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR AUGUST, 1885.

PAGE.

The Aaronic Priesthood.

XI O.F.

Whitney California Memories.

V Augusta Joyce Crocheron....

To the Youth of Israel.

IV B. H. Roberts Sir Moses Montefiore London Standard Iceland and its Peop'e Selected Abraham Albert J-ones Picturesque Ameiica.

II De Vallibus Ulysses S. Grant To Clarence Ruby Latnont Editorial:

Fourth and Twenty-Fourth Fast Railway Traveling Mount McGregor The Fin Machine Historical Record.

August Andrew Jensov Hot Summers 3PrintingPressS Card & 1 abel Press $3. Larger sizes $5 to $75.

Forold or young. Everything easy, printed directions.

Send 2 stamps for Catalogue of

Presses, Type. Cards, kc. to the factory.

BLelsey «fe Co., Sleriden, Conn.

They are One Best.

FOli XjTJ LATE, SHINGLES, MOULDINGS, BOORS,

WINDOWS, BLINDS, ETC., ETC., GO TO THE S|£RRA N £VA^A LUIV!B£R asS 'N Haiiil, Scroll-Sawing, Turning and all toils of Mill Wort, STAIRS, COUNTERS, STORE FRONTS, HARDWOOD MANTLES, ETC., ETC., TO ORDER S.

J Lynn, Supt.

«a- Half Block South of U. C. R. R. Depot.

M. SHIELDS & CO., Mimufaduiin§ BonfetMompSQ 43 and 45, State Street, Chicago.

T3C WHOLESALE TE-A-IDE OP "CTTAE: A. SPECIALTY.

SALT LAKHJ CITY, Wholesale and

Retail Dealer In DRY COODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS AND ALL RIJVDS OF GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best Hoixso for Family Supplies,

P. O. Box 352.

EAST TEMPLE STREET.

JWiMruAa-wrsT.MM.fc.

.- FURNITURE, CarpetSp Wall FapsrSp Fo&tks, Baby Cam HENRY DINWOODEY, 1237 to 1243 First South St., SALT LAEE CITY.

Careful a tention «lven Orders bv Mail.

TRUE MERIT HAS GTVEN

BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO The Largest Sale of any Tobacco in the World.

TRADE MARK POR PLEASURE.

COMFORT, HEALTH SMOKE THE O.

MANUFACTURED ONLY BY W.T,Bl&ck\£eua & Co.

!)I)RHflM,lNLCr.

For Sale by all the Stores of the Z.

C. M.

I.

WILLIAM SANEEBS, LOGAN MANASEE.

—s-o^o-a—

BRANCH WHOLESALE AND RETAIL, OFFERS A Full Line of General Merchandise, WHICH FOR VARIETY IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH OF SALT LAKE CITY.

BOOTS \W SHOES, Home Mate and Best Imported Mav es.

MEN'S, YOUTHS'AND BOYS'CLOTHING.

Champion Monitor, Charter Oak, And other Heating and Cooking Stoves.

School and Blank Boohs, Stationery, Inh, Etc.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VI.

AUGUST, il No.

ii.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

The persecutions of the Saints in Missouri began in the summer of 1833, and culminated in their expulsion from

Jackson County in the latter part of that year.

This put an end temporarily to their labors in that locality, and interrupted the work of establishing the United Order.

The people of God, as a whole, were not prepared for such a perfect system, a fact shown not only by their failure to live up to its requirements and heed the wise counsel and warnings of God's servants appointed to lead them, but also by the tenor of a revelation given in June, 1834, the summer following the Jackson County tragedy.

The Saints at that time were refugees in the County of Clay, where at first they were kindly and hospitably received and sojourned for three years, prior to settling in Caldwell County and founding the city of Far West.

That the Lord would have been willing to reinstate his people in Zion's central Stake, whence He had allowed them to be driven on account of transgression, is evident from these words:

"Behold, I say unto you, were it not for the transgressions of my people, speaking concerning the Church and not individuals, they might have been redeemed even now.

"But behold, they have not learned to be obedient to the things which I have required at their hands, but are full of all manner of evil, and do not impart of their substance, as becometh Saints, to the poor and afflicted among them, "And are not united according to the union required by the law of the celestial kingdom.

"And Zion cannot be built up unless it is by the principles of the law of the celestial kingdom, otherwise I cannot receive her to myself;

"And my people must needs be chastened until they learn obedience, if it must needs be by the things which they suffer.

"Therefore, in consequence of the transgression of my people, it is expedient in me that mine elders should wait for a little season for the redemption of Zion."The effort made by Zion's camp to "redeem Zion"in May and June, 1834, failed of its principal object for precisely the same reason, the lack of perfect union among its members.

Meanwhile in Kirtland and vicinity the work of the Lord went on, unhindered by mob violence.

Previous to the driving of the Saints from Jackson county, the Order in Kirtland, the city of Shinehah, and that in Independence, the city of Zion, were in a manner identical in their interests.

The Lord now gave instructions that they should be distinct, and the partnership existing between them dissolved.

On the 28th of March, 1835, a revelation was given through the Prophet Joseph, on Priesthood.

In it the nature and duties of both the Melchisedek and

Aaronic Priesthoods were clearly set forth.

We excerpt from it the following paragraphs "There are in the Church two Priesthoods, namely, the Melchisedek and Aaronic, including the Levitical Priesthood.

"Why the first is called the Melchisedek Priesthood, is because Melchisedek was such a great High Priest.

"Before his day it was called the Holy Priesthood, after the order of the Son of God;

THE AAR0N1C PRIESTHOOD.

"But out of respect or reverence to the name of the Supreme Being, to avoid the too frequent repetition of his name, they, the Church, in ancient days called that Priesthood after Melchisedek, or the Melchisedek Priesthood.

"All other authorities or offices in the Church are appendages to this Priesthood;

"But there are two divisions or grand heads—one is the Melchisedek Priesthood, and the other is the Aaronic or Levitical Priesthood, "The second Priesthood is called the Priesthood of Aaron, because it was conferred upon Aaron and his seed throughout all their generations.

"Why it is called the lesser priesthood, is because it is an appendage to the greater or the Melchisedek Priesthood, and has power in administering outward ordinances.

"The bishopric is the presidency of this priesthood, and holds the keys or authority of the same.

"No man has a legal right to this office, to hold the keys of this priesthood, except he be a literal descendant of Aaron.

"But as a High Priest of the Melchisedek Priesthood has authority to officiate in all the lesser offices, he may officiate in the office of bishop when no literal descendant of Aaron can be found, provided he is called and set apart and ordained unto this power by the hands of the Presidency of the Melchisedek Priesthood.

"The power and authority of the higher or Melchisedek Priesthood, is to hold the keys of all the spiritual blessings of the Church.

"The power and authority of the lesser or Aaronic Priesthood, is to hold the keys of the ministering of angels, and to administer in outward ordinances, the letter of the Gospel—the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins, agreeable to the covenants and commandments.

"Of necessity there are presidents, or presiding offices growing out of, or appointed of or from among those who are ordained, to the several offices in these two priesthoods.

"Wherefore it must needs be that one be appointed of the High Priesthood to preside over the Priesthood, and he shall be called President of the High Priesthood of the Church, "Wherefore the office of a bishop is not equal unto it;

for the office of a bishop is in administering all temporal things "Nevertheless a bishop must be chosen from the High Priesthood, unless he is a literal descendant of Aaron "For unless he is a literal descendant of Aaron he cannot hold the keys of that priesthood.

Nevertheless a High Priest that is after the order of Melchisedek may be set apart unto the ministering of temporal things, having a knowledge of them by the Spirit of truth.

"And also to be a judge in Israel, to do the business of the Church, to sit in judgment upon transgressors upon testimony as it shall be laid before him according to the laws, by the assistance of his counselors, whom he has chosen, or will choose among the elders of the Church.

"This is the duty of a bishop who is not a literal descendant of Aaron, but has been ordained to the High Priesthood after the order of Melchisedek.

"Thus shall he be a judge, even a common judge among the inhabitants of Zion, or in a Stake of Zion, or in any branch of the Church where he shall be set apart unto this ministry;

until the borders of Zion are enlarged, and it becomes necessary to have other bishops or judges in Zion, or elsewhere;

"And inasmuch as there are other bishops appointed they shall act in the same office.

"But a literal descendant of Aaron has a legal right to the presidency of this Priesthood, to the keys of this ministry, to act in the office of bishop independently, without counselors, except in a case where a President of the High Priesthood after the order of Melchisedek, is tried, to sit as a judge in Israel.

"And again, verily I say unto you, the duty of a President over the office of a Deacon is to preside over twelve Deacons; to sit in council with them, and to teach them their duty—edifiying one another, as it is given according to the covenants.

"And also the duty of the president over the office of the Teachers is to preside over twentyfour of the Teachers, and sit in council with them, teaching them the duties of their office, as given in the covenants.

"Also the duty of the president over the Priesthood of Aaron is to preside over fortyeight Priests, and sit in council with them, to teach them the duties of their office, as given in the covenants.

"This president is to be a bishop, for this is one of the duties of this Priesthood."

The bishopric in Kirtland, in 1836, the year the Temple was dedicated, was composed of the following: Newel K.

Whitney, bishop, Reynolds Cahoon and

Hyrum Smith, counselors.

The last named, having been appointed in January of that year to the presidency of the High Council, Vinson Knight was ordained a High Priest by Bishop Whit-

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

ney and set apart as one of the counselors to fill the vacancy thus created.

During the same month William Cowdery was appointed president over;the Priests of the Aaronic Priesthood in Kirtland, Oliver Olney to preside over the Teachers, and Ira Bond to preside over the Deacon's quorum.

These brethren were ordained and set apart by Bishop Whitney.

In September, 1S37, the Bishop of Kirtland, having been directed by revelation to travel through the eastern cities, preaching and prophesying, William Marks was appointed bishop's agent to transact the business of that office in the absence of Bishop Whitney.

Prior to leaving Kirtland, the Bishop with his counselors issued a lengthy epistle to the Saints scattered abroad, appealing to them for assistance in the work of building up Zion, and urging them to gather up their gold and silver and means of various kinds and impart liberally to the Lord's cause.

The Missouri Saints, in the meantime were gathering in force to Far West.

At a conference of the Church held there on November 7th, 1837, and attended by the First Presidency, the various quorums of the Priesthood, which had been decimated by apostasy, excommunication and other causes, were reorganized and the vacancies in them filled.

Edward Partridge was unanimously sustained as Bishop of the Church in that land, and nominated for his counselors,

Isaac Morley and Titus Billings.

John Corrill, formerly a counselor to Bishop Partridge, was appointed keeper of the Lord's storehouse, in lieu of A.

S. Gilbert.

The spirit of persecution next showed itself in Kirtland.

Some of the leading men of the Church apostatized and went hand and glove with mobocrats and enemies who were seeking the life of Joseph the Prophet, and those who remained true to him and the religion of

Jesus Christ.

Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon, Brigham Young and others, were forced to flee for their lives, and were followed for hundreds of miles by armed mobocrats, eager to slay them.

The main body of the Saints followed in an exodus to Missouri, and thus was fulfilled the removal of the Church from Kirtland, foreshadowed in a revelation already reproduced.

But the indomitable spirit of God's prophet was not to be subdued.

He next sought out an asylum for the Saints who were en route from Kirtland, and we next hear of the organization of the Stake of Adam-ondi-Ahman, in Daviess

County, Missouri.

The central point was called Spring Hill by the people of that neighborhood, but Joseph rechristened it Adam-ondi-Ahman, having been informed by the Lord that it was the identical spot where Adam, the father of the human family, would come to visit his people in the last days, in other words, where the Ancient of Days would sit, as foretold by the Prophet Daniel.

This fact was made known on the nineteenth of May, 1838.

The Stake of Adam-ondi-Ahman was organized on June 28th of that year, and by the unanimous voice of the conference there assembled, Vinson Knight was chosen Bishop pro tern.

This action was preliminary to the calling of Bishop

Newel K. Whitney, who was then in Kirtland, to assume that position.

At Far West, on the eighth of July, ensuing, the question of tithing coming up for consideration, the Prophet Joseph addressed the Lord in these words:

"O Lord Show unto thy servants how much thou requirest of the properties of thy people for a Tithing?"

To this the Lord vouchsafed fhe following answer:

"Verily thus saith the Lord, I require all their surplus property to be put into the hands of the

Bishop of my Church of Zion, for the building of mine house, and for the laying of the foundation of Zion, and for the

Priesthood, and for the debts of the Presidency of my Church;

"And this shall be the beginning of the Tithing of my people; and after that, those who have thus been tithed, shall pay one-tenth of all their interest annually; and this shall be a standing law unto them for ever, for my holy Priesthood, saith the Lord.

"Verily, I say unto you, it shall come to pass, that all those who gather unto the land of Zion shall be tithed of their surplus properties, and

4o4 THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

shall observe this law, or they shall not be found worthy to abide among you.

"And I say unto you, if my people observe not this law to keep it holy, and by this law sanctify the land of Zion unto me, that my statutes and my judgments may be kept thereon, that it may be most holy, behold, verily

I say unto you, it shall not be a land of Zion unto you, and this shall be an ensample unto all the Stakes of Zion.

Even so.

Amen."The revelation of this great law, which is to-day observed throughout the Church in all the world, was followed by persecutions fiercer and more extensive than any the people of God had yet experienced.

The jealous hatred of their Gentile neighbors, fanned into fury by the falsehoods of apostates and others hostile to the faith, began to vent itself in predatory acts of various descriptions.

An election riot in Daviess County in August, 1839, in which several "Mormons"set upon by mobocrats, came off victorious, was made the provocation for various outrages upon the Saints, who were finally compelled to take up arms in self defense.

The battle of Crooked River, fought late in October, in which the mobocrats were routed, was the signal for calling out the militia, ostensibly to restore order, but in reality to assist the persecutors of the Saints in overcoming them.

Far West was beseiged, and on surrendering was sacked and pillaged ruthlessly.

Joseph and other leading Elders were made prisoners and the brethren, on laying down their arms,became horrified witnesses of the fiendish outrages inflicted upon their helpless wives and children by the merciless mobbers, assisted by their confreres.

To cap the climax of these dastardly deeds, the brethren, prior to being driven away to their dungeons, were forced at the point of the bayonet to sign deeds of trust conveying their property—such as had not fallen a prey to pillage already—to pay the expenses of the war waged against them.

During the winter of 1838-9, from twelve to fifteen thousand Latterday Saints, threatened with extermination if they remained in Missouri, fled from the State and sought shelter and protection within the hospitable borders of Illinois.

Joseph and his brethren having escaped from Missouri, after languishing for six months in Liberty Jail, Clay County, arrived at Quincy, Illinois, where the greater portion of the scattered Saints had congregated,on the twenty-second of

April, 1839. We next find the Church established at Commerce, afterwards Nauvoo, were the Priesthood was again organized and the work of gathering the Saints resumed.

On the fifth of October, 1839, at a general conference of the Church held in Commerce, Newel K. Whitney was appointed

Bishop of the Middle Ward, Edward Partridge Bishop of the Upper Ward, and Vinson Knight Bishop of the Lower Ward.

At the same time it was voted to establish abranch of the Church on the Iowa side of the river (Mississippi), over which Alanson Ripley was made Bishop. Removing to Nauvoo some months after, Bishop Ripley was succeeded in July, 1S40, by Bishop Elias Smith.

The work of God, as if given new life by the fiery ordeal it had passed through, now began to spread rapidly.

Stakes were formed in various places, and, as usual, were provided with High Councils and Bishop's Courts to administer their spiritual and temporal affairs.

As we are treating of the Aaronic Priesthood, we shall only give the names of its officers and omit the others. Among the stakes organized were the following:

Lima Stake, on October 23, 1840, with Gardiner Snow as Bishop and Clark Hulet and Henry Dean as counsellors;

Ouincy Stake, on October 25th, George W. Crouse, Bishop, and Asariah Dustin and Sylvester B. Stoddard, counselors;

Mt. Hope Stake, October 27th, Daniel A. Miller, Bishop, and Isaac Clark and John Allen, Counselors; Freedom Stake, same date, Simeon Leach, Bishop, and Horra Kimball and Jacob Foutz, Counselors;

Geneva Stake, November 1st, Gardner Clark, Bishop, and Moses Clare and David Orton, Counselors; Springfield Stake, November 5th, Abraham Palmer, Bishop, and Henry Stephens 1 and Jonathan Palmer, Counselors.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

William Allred is mentioned as Bishop at Pleasant Vale and William Whiteman as Bishop of Ramus.

On April 6th, 1841, the Saints in Philadelphia were organized into a Stake, with Jacob Syphret as Bishop, and Jesse

Prince and James Nicholson as his Counselors.

On April 15th the Saints in New

York City were organized, with John M.

Bernhisel as Bishop, and Richard Burge and William Acker as his Counselors.

And on May 22d the Saints remaining in

Kirtland were given a Stake organization, in which Thomas Burdick was Bishop, with Hyrum Winters and Reuben McBride as his counselors.

Doubtless there were other Stakes and branches besides those, but the above will suffice to show the spread of the gospel, and the strong impetus given to the cause of Zion by the Missouri and Ohio persecutions.

On the twenty-seventh of May, 1840, Bishop Edward Partridge died at Nauvoo, in the forty-seventh year of his age. On the nineteenth of January, 1841, George

Miller was chosen by the voice of revelation to succeed him in the Bishopric.

In the same revelation occurs this paragraph: "And again, I say unto you, I give unto you Vinson Knight, Samuel H.

Smith and Shadrach Roundy, if he will receive it, to preside over the bishopric."

These were the first nominations made for the Presiding Bishopric, but if the brethren named ever acted in that capacity, the fact is not recorded in the Prophet's history. Bishop Vinson Knight died at Nauvoo, on July 31, 1842.

On January 30th, 1841, President Joseph

Smith was elected Trustee-in-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints, "to hold the office during life,"and his "successors to be the First Presidency of the Church."

On the first of March of that year, Nauvoo was divided into four wards, presided over severally by Bishops N. K. Whitney, George Miller,

Isaac Higbee and Vinson Knight.

The same month these Bishops organized the

Lesser Priesthood of Nauvoo, as follows:

Samuel Rolfe was made president of the

Priests'quorum, with Stephen Markham and Hezekiah Peck as his counselors;

Elisha Everett, president of theTeachers'quorum,with James Hendricks and James

W. Huntsman as counselors; and Phineas R.

Bird, president of the Deacons'quorum, with David Wood and William

W. Lane for counselors.

On the sixth of April following, at the laying of the corner stones of the Nauvoo Temple, the northeast stone was laid by the Aaronic Priesthood, and the benediction thereon pronounced by

Bishop Newel K. Whitney.

The city of Nauvoo was growing so rapidly, that it became necessary to again sub-divide it into wards, and increase the number of its bishops.

Accordingly, on the twentieth of August, 1842, by resolution of the High Council, the city was divided into ten wards, and the following brethren, in addition to those already in office, were called and ordained to the Bishopric:

Samuel H.

Smith, to succeed Bishop Vinson Knight, deceased; Tarleton Lewis, Bishop of the

Fourth Ward;

John Murdock, Fifth Ward; Daniel Cams, Sixth Ward; Jacob

Foutz, Eighth Ward; Jonathan H. Hale,

Ninth Ward;

Hezekiah Peck, Tenth Ward.

Outside the city, three other wards were created, and David Evans, Israel Calkins and William W. Spencer made Bishops over the same.

After the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch, at the Conference of the

Church in October, 1844, the following action affecting the Bishopric was taken:

"Elder H. C. Kimball moved that N. K.

Whitney stand as our first Bishop in the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

Carried unanimously.

Moved and seconded that George Miller stand as second bishop. Carried unanimously."

The same year Bishops Whitney and Miller were made acting Trustees-in-Trust for the Church, and acted in that capacity, the latter until he apostatized, three or four years later, and the former until his death, in the year 1850.

Another change in the Bishopric, made soon after the Prophet's death, was the appointment of Edward Hunter as bishop of the Fifth

Ward of Nauvoo, an office he continued to hold until the exodus of the Saints from Illinois in 1846.

O. F. Whitney.

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

Days of childish innocence!

Often when I reflect upon that theme, instead of growing pensive, I generally laugh heartily over some incidents in those far away times.

One day when school was dismissed for the forenoon recess, (the teacher was Charles W. Wandell) the boys immediately discovered an unfortunate individual sound asleep in the shade at one end ot the house. An empty bottle beside him gave the cue for the mischief, and they teased him in various ways.

Occasionally the man would raise up, pick up a clod or broken brick and throw at them, then relapse to repose.

The boys pulled off his boots and socks and removed every missile except one large brick.

Tying one end of a strong twine around one of his great toes and the other end around the brick just within his reach, they retired just far enough to annoy him with long sticks.

For awhile he sleepily parried off the inflictions, then, gazing upon his tormentors, seized the brick and threw it with all his might.

Instantly he was wide awake, rocking back and forth holding his unfortunate foot in both hands.

Lamentations and selections from profane authors filled the air in one grand solo, while opposite strangely inharmonious and exultant jubilee formed contrasting effect.

The bell rang, the boys fled slowly off the scene, and the victim, the sad unknown, limped painfully away from the temple of learning, the playground of innocence.

But we did have some good times; didn't the boys go everywhere on Saturdays and Mondays, didn't they bring us sacks of walnuts they had gathered, and strings of birds eggs for home decorations, and great spikes of creamy white cactus bells so tall a boy could scarcely carry one?

The teacher would stand one in a pail of water and with our boquets all around it, what a sight it was.

That reminds me how we used to catch bumble bees in deep holly hocks by closing the flowers and tying them.

One or two of these hidden in a boquet with the humming, pining prisoners, made a novelty that created not a little wonder among the uninitiated.

A singing boquet on the desk is apt to divert the pupils attention from the proper channel.

And then think of the'rash schoolmate or teacher that would "just take a smell."Think of the boquet proprietor keeping a stern teacher company during the noon hour while all the others were off in a sheltered hollow, where minnows darted in the shallow pools at pin hooks, waterfalls waved in their fall like silvery veils, where the rushes were filled with nests of birds that chorused against each others melody, while the girls ate their lunch and braided coronets, and the boys were shouting and, swimming just over beyond the trees in swifter, deeper water.

All that lonely hour the far oft sounds and scenes enchanted and sorrowfully beckoned the one, and cast over the other a sombre, loveless shade.

Following the close of this happy summer, one of the dearest of my girlhood, our leaders, Amasa Lyman and Charles C.

Rich, of beloved memory, with their private secretary started for Utah on their way to England.

Soon after came the tidings of impending war against the Saints in the Rock Mountains, and next, the story of the Mountain Meadows. From that time a shadow hovered over us.

The Saints who were able to dispose of their property, gladly sold out and hastened to Utah.

Great sacrifices were made, comfortable homes were in some instances given in exchange for a wagon and one or two yoke of oxen;

all the beauty and comfort of climate and plenty were counted as naught, beside the privileges of sharing the lot of the Saints in the valleys of the mountians.

Then again, as when the Gospel was first preached to them families were divided, some to go and some to stay; with the rest, my mother and stepfather sold out household goods and cattle, our home was engaged to a purchaser and our wagons packed, when my own father who had long before left

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

the Church and separated from his family, brought the power of the law to prevent his children from leaving the State until the youngest should come of age.

There was no appeal against prejudiced officials.

Mother unpacked the wagons and said;

"If we cannot go to Utah, our property shall,"and in consequence, three families were fitted out to go.

May I never in the hours of overshadowing trouble in the present or future, forget the despair and loneliness of the month which followed; our hearts ached to share the burden of trials and persecutions of the Saints.

All the little world in which we moved seemed broken up.

The prayer meetings of our Ward which for a long time had been held weekly in our parlor, the choir rehearsals which had also always been held in the same room, where three happy years in succession they had sung the old year out and the new year in; the dear friends and happy schoolmates, all vanished in silence, loneliness and anxious waiting for messages from the mountains, for tidings of the welfare of our people.

Many of those friends we never met again, but I often repeat to myself, "In that commune by memory brought,

Where'er your homes now be, Comes there across your dreams a thought

Of me, dear friend, of me?"After a few months of dreary, monotonous life, for all business was suspended and there seemed no prospect of better times, matters grew worse by the immigration to that town of a large number of men who announced themselves as "old Missouri mobocrats,"who vaunted their past deeds and tried to aggravate public feeling against the few Saints they scented out.

Some apostates aided them, and a few evil plans were soon laid.

The four "Mormon"families were visited by a mounted and armed mob of twenty men who ordered them at breakfast time to leave town by nine o'clock.

One of our neighbors, Brother John Garner, who had suffered mobbing in Missouri and Illinois three times, said to father:

"Its no use Colonel, we'll have to go,

I know what this thing is."Father replied:

"Some of them will have to go first and then I wont."The mob built a fort some three miles out of town and named it Fort Benson, in honor of Jerome Benson an apostate, (who used to say that he built the first bridge over Provo river) and who still lives with his two wivesThey paraded a great deal, and fired oft cannons very often, but as no one went over to get killed no lives were lost, although dissension arose among their own party which resulted in deadly enmity and some wounds.

One day when left at home with my step-brother for company and protection, a constable, a man I knew well for he had been a herdsman for Condelario's husband, entered the house on the pretense of serving a subpoena demanding my appearance in court.

He opened it awkwardly, scanned it earnestly, coughed, and then handed it to me saying: "Here little girl, 3011 read this yourself, you can read it better than I can."I did so and answered, "Mr. Bridger, I don't know why I'm wanted in court, go back and tell them I can't come till Ma comes home and gives me consent."He told me how useless was my idea on the subject and to go and get ready or he would have to take me just as I was.

I looked at my brother who answered:

"I suppose you'll have to go, but I do wish father or mother were here; can't you wait awhile, Mr. Bridger?"

Receiving a decided no—I left the room with a decision of my own.

Going into my own room, its outer door was open.

I went through quickly, down a steep bank, and up a tall dense tree into its very top and sat there still as sleep. After a few moments waiting, the constable called out, "Come little girl, I'm waiting for you,"and soon after he began a hurried search, but becoming disgusted with failure rode off swearing that "he didn't care a cent, it was doing what he didn't like, anyhow."However, I kept my watch tower until I heard the familiar voices I waited for.

It was not the last time that kidnappers tried their work, for they openly declared that "girls should not go from that town to Salt Lake."

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

The enemies of our people got up a trial against one man called "The Pagan Prophet,"for living with his two wives, but the worthiest man in the crowd, an Irish merchant, named Quinn, suddenly turned against them.

Pointing to one who was a cripple, by deformity, he said:

"Would you join with that man?

Look at him, God Almighty has set His mark on him. Look out for him!"

He then volunteered his personal services to the accused polygamist as defense.

The trial was dropped, for Mr.

Quinn began revealing what he knew about these over-righteous persons, in a too noisy manner.

These same parties had sent a request to the governor for troops, and he sent down some infantry, who camped on the public square, the captain taking quarters in a pretty cottage built by Richard R. Hopkins.

I do not remember how father came to call on Captain Joseph Allen Stewart, perhaps in behalf of our people; but we unexpectedly heard the clatter of hoofs, rumbling of wheels, and clanking of steel, and, looking out, saw father riding in advance, escorting a military party to the house. The mounted guard alighted, opened the barouche door, and out stepped three fine looking gentlemen, a captain, lieutenant and adjutant, whom father brought in and introduced. They talked long and asked many questions, and, on rising to go, the captain invited father and his family to visit him and his family the next day.

Mother declined visiting the enemy of our people.

The captain looked mortified and sad.

They rode away with clatter and dash, and we thought that the end.

About nine o'clock next morning, we saw a gentleman, lady, and three children walking up our path.

Going to meet them, mother's face was a study.

Said Captain Stewart: "Mrs. Jackson, after I have come with my wife and children on foot to visit you, will you not be gracious and forgive yesterday?"He was so truly sincere, that she relented, and they were on the most easy footing.

I took the children for a short ramble, and showed them the beauties of our home.

Joseph, the eldest, was a gentle, dark eyed boy, with a talent for music.

Willie was a genuine young soldier, and

Mary, a fair little four-year old.

As we walked along, she innocently told me how her pa "was going to kill the Mormons, not because he liked to, but because they were so dreadful—such monsters.""Mary"said I, "I'm a 'Mormon.'"The winsome face looked up to mine; she scanned me from head to foot, and then said in gentle wonder, "Why, you're like other people,"and when we went in, she whispered to her pa as she pointed to me, "You couldn't hurt her, could you?"The captain prolonged his visit till sundown, and after obtaining mother's promise to return the compliment next day, said:

"Colonel and Mrs.

Jackson, I have been sent here on a false errand, but I have learned the truth, and I promise you this, if I am called to Utah to serve against your people, I will resign my commission."We visited them, and the captain paid us all honor possible.

The repast was served in most elegant style; waiters in attendance, and music such as we had not heard since leaving San Francisco.

After dinner, when the servants had retired, the captain told us the romance of his marriage.

Stationed on shore at San Diego, he went to the rescue of a wrecked ship, and, saved among others, a young lady who was on her way to the Academy of Notre Dame.

Gratitude and admiration yielded to the ardent suit of the gallant soldier.

Another, a sadder, but as noble and brave a story followed.

He said there was a Mormon woman in his camp, the wife of a soldier, and added: "To-morrow we march to Fort Zuma.

I will resign my own place in my ambulance to her, and walk with my men."He told me her maiden name, also that of her husband.

He wrote to father afterward, that in walking, crossing water, and then again through the hot sand, his feet swelled so he had his boots cut in strips from his blistered feet;

and concluded:

"I thought of what you told me of the 'Mormon'Battalion."This was not the only time that my parents removed

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

prejudice from the minds of intelligent strangers.

The mobocrats began to move away.

The remaining portion of the San Bernardino Ranche, not purchased by the Saints, had been sold to four Gentiles; O. M. Woyencraft, (formerly a surgeon of the Navy, and later, one of the three gentlemen who came to consult with President Young in reference to the railroad.

On his return to San Bernardino, in 1865,

I heard him say, "Brigham Young is the greatest man of the time.)"W. A. Conn, Geo. Tucker and George Bellany were the remaining partners. They soon brought the advantages of the lovely valley into public notice, and wealthy people moving in, times began to improve.

When Mrs. Jessie Fremont had been so exclusive and haughty in San Francisco,that,when the most prominent ladies called on her, she sent the servant with her card as equivalent return,Mrs.Woyencraft matched her, and in public.

At a reception, where there was no escape from recognition of persons,Mrs. Fremont inquired with assumed ignorance, what family Mrs. W—was descended from;

Mrs. Woyencraft who life long had been a noted beauty, and whose wedding dower was half a million, replied: "My grandfather was Governor Ramsay,your father. Thos. Benton, was a tutor in his family."During the part of the year she spent in San Bernardino, Mrs. W. occupied the large white house built by Amasa Lyman, which from its peculiar shape was called "The Steamboat;"and it was her delight to illuminate nightly the sixteen rooms, four of which were front parlors connected with folding doors, making a grand salon.

All the style of San FYancisco furnishings was there displayed, and one room had for me a special charm, for on its walls hung the beautiful oil paintings, the work of her husband; and many an hour have I listened to his own music for he was a composer of acknowledged reputation in California.

We, who had visited the house when the builder occupied it, often mentally compared the difference, for there was no shoddy wealth, everything was genuine, but after all, only the riches of this earth; and the great house has since, burned down.

Riding from San Bernardino to Agua

Mansa, the road lay partly over stretches of white sand brilliant with the glowing colors of the cactus, fragrant with the wild sage, not like our Utah sage brush, but like our garden plant,so beautiful that the bees feed on it and the honey tastes of it; fragrant also with the evergreen, sweet fern whose balsamic odor can never be forgotten; the richmanzanite with waxen white blossoms, dark green leaves and red bark, the laurel or bay, and delicate lilac, and masses of wild flowers.

Near the town, a great wooden cross uplifts from the mountain's top. There was one tree by the roadside, and overhanging the Santa Ana, and fortunate the driver whose horses did not shy, in passing under its branches, for there came the crows in flocks to roost, and never a blacker tree spread out its arms.

Crows are a part of California.

They hover over the farmer as he ploughs, switch their black tails with dandy-like strut along the furrow behind him, and raise the corn almost as fast as planted.

At sundown the air is darkened by their outspread wings, home returning, and their noisy cawing dispels all loneliness.

Agua Mansa was a valley of scraggy orchards, thriving vineyards, sheep corrals and low adobe houses, built low and with walls two feet thick on account of earthquakes.

The church was built on a hill side, as were many of the houses, which we at first thought strange.

Around each habitation lay carcasses of slaughtered cattle, and dogs of all sizes and colors, that growled, barked, yelped and snapped at us as we rode past.

Father owned a large black hound, brought as a present to him from Buena

Vista, as a souvenir of his services in the

Mexican war.

The hound was named Negro Prieto, (Black Prince) was very intelligent and several times ran down coyotes and once a deer.

When we passed through Agua Mansa, Prieto generally had to fight the whole town of dogs, which he was capable of doing, and it had always an inspiring effect on

4io TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

the residents.

Men with broad sombreros leaned in the door ways, Senoritas laughed and waved their pretty handkerchiefs, children paused in their mud manufactures and old, witch like granddames hobbled out and shook their fists at the Americanos.

I used to feel as though they would cheerfully assist at our extermination.

Once it was demanded of our driver to make known who we were. Father's name being given them, a revulsion of feeling occurred, we were obliged to alight and partake of an elegant lunch.

The ride home was generally enlivened by meeting parties of racing horsemen with crimson sashes and gorgeous scrapes streaming backward on the wind, riding so close to us that our own horses sometimes caught the spirit and went home at the same rate.

Once a year on the Agua Mansa road was enough.

Augusta Joyce Crocheron.

This earthly life, when seen hereafter from Heaven, will seem like an hour passed long ago, and dimly remembered.

"Therefore, as I said unto mine apostles;

I say unto you again, that every soul who believeth on your words, and is baptized by water for the remission of sins, shall receive the Holy Ghost."This is the word of the Lord to the elders of his church as contained in the eighty-fourth Section of the Doctrine and Covenants, and the promise that is here made to those who believe and are baptized for the remission of their sins is one of the greatest promises God has ever made to man.

The promise is, They shall receive the Holy Ghost.

To appreciate the value of this promise, we must understand the operations of that spirit.

Jesus said to his disciples, "The Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever

I have said unto you"(John, i: 26).

And again, "He will guide you into all truth"(John, xvi: 13).

From this we learn that the Holy Ghost is to be a teacher to those who receive it, a guide into all truth; a monitor to bring things to our remembrance.

Ifthiswasall the Holy Ghost performed, how great is its importance!

But it does even more than this: "Hovvbeit."said Jesus, "when he, the Spirit of truth is come,"(which is the Holy Ghost) "he will guide you into all truth;

for he shall not speak of himself;

TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

but whatsoever he shall hear that shall he speak; and he will show you things to come;

he shall receive of mine, and shall show it unto you."(John, xvi. 13, 14).

It appears then that the Holy Ghost is the spirit of prophecy, of revelation, it is to show us things to come, and indeed the Scriptures plainly tell us that, "Prophecy came not in old time by the will of man;

but holy men of God spake as they were moved upon by the Holy Ghost."(2 Peter, i: 20).

It is this power or attribute of the Holy Ghost that has comforted the hearts of the Saints in all their afflictions.

When the angry crowd gnashed their teeth and rushed upon Stephen, it was the Holy Ghost that quickened his vision, so that he saw the heavens open and Jesus standing upon the right hand of God.

It was that same spirit which a few moments later, when the cruel stones cast by the frenzied rabble were depriving him of life, enabled him to cry with a loud voice, "Lord, lay not this sin to their charge,"(Acts, 7th chap.) In short, through all the trials of the saints, whenever the cruel edicts of kings or emperors have deprived them of their liberties, cast them into dungeons, or into lions'dens;

condemned them to exile, death, or to suffer on the rack, when the cruel links have festered in their flesh; amid all the groans which anguish wrung from their

TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

quivering white lips, through all the blood and tears the saints have been called to pass, the Holy Ghost has been the one star that has shown through the darkness, shedding a ray of light and comfort upon their path so thickly beset with trials.

It was light to them in darkness, joy to them in grief, liberty to the captive, comfort to the exile, a healing balm to the wounded, consolation to the desolate—the strong reed upon which all with safety leant.

As it was in ancient days, so it has been in modern times.

When ruthless mobs have assailed the saints, and mothers with white faces have pressed their babes closer to their breasts as they saw their homes given to the flames, and their husbands murdered; when an entire community at the point of the musket were compelled to sign away hundreds of acres of lands, with all their improvements, without any compensation; and the leaders of the church were cast into prison;

when their prophet and patriarch were murdered in cold blood, and an entire people of some fifteen thousand driven into the wilderness, into the midst of savage tribes of Indians, who looked awe-stricken at the spectacle;

when they arrived in the Great Salt Lake valley, then a desert, and no prospect of its being anything else;

when starvation leered at them from within, and their enemies mocked them from without; when their hearts grew sick, and even their superb courage almost failed—it was the Holy Ghost which revived the spirit of hope within them, pierced the black clouds of distress, and revealed to them the glorious peace and rest beyond their present afflictions.

Under its influence they rejoiced in tribulation, because they had been assured by its revelations of the great reward awaiting them for their faithfulness.

We learn, further, from the Scriptures that it is through the operations of this

Spirit that to one is given the word of wisdom, to another, the word of knowledge; to another, faith;

to another, the gifts of healing, the working of miracles, prophecy, discerning of spirits, divers kinds of tongues, interpretation of tongues, "But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit dividing to each man severally as he will."(I Cor.,xii.) The Holy Ghost, then, is a teacher—

a guide into all truth—a monitor, a voice behind you, saying, "This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left"—

a revealer of the things of God—the spirit of prophecy—a comforter—a dispenser of wisdom, knowledge, faith, and the gifts of healing, working miracles, tongues, and the interpretation thereof.

These attributes make the Holy Ghost an instructor, whose excellence as far exceeds all earthly teachers, as the gracious sunlight exceeds the glimmering rays of any midnight lamp.

To the youth of Israel this heavenly boon is granted early.

If parents in Israel obey the commandments of God, they teach their children faith in Jesus Christ, and repentance of sins as their young minds are able to understand, in any degree, these principles; and if so instructed, at eight years of age they are permitted to be baptized.

And the promise is, that those who believe and are "baptized by water for the remission of sins, shall receive the Holy Ghost."At this tender age, then, before the mind is stupefied in error, they receive this Teacher—this Guide into all truth, which awakens the faculties of the mind and assists them to comprehend and discern truth, either as taught in the science of men or the revelations of God.

Before their consciences are seared by vice, before their hearts are calloused by sin or their feet have wandered from fair virtue's ways—before those strong passions of the human heart which so often plunge men into irretrievable ruin are enkindled;

while the mind is all purity and susceptible of the loftiest moral and spiritual impressions—the Monitor walks beside them and whispers them a warning at the approach of temptations, and administers reproof if they yield to their insidious allurements.

O, my young brethren and sisters, what a help, what a boon have you in this!

What noble

TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

aspirations should inspire your minds!

And if the ancient poets and philosophers who were acquainted with the Gospel were wont to exclaim, "Too low they build who build beneath the stars,"what shall be said of us who have partaken of the heavenly gift—who have received the Holy Ghost—if we allow our minds to become sordid, and our affections centered upon the things of this earth, which perish with the using?

If anguish with remorse smite the breast of the wretch who never obeyed the Gospel, and who never felt glowing within him the spirit of inspiration, but who has walked contrary to the promptings of that spirit of intelligence which lighteth every man into the world, until he has made a wreck of his life—if he mourns for time wasted, talents neglected, opportunities slighted, moral senses blunted and spiritual aspirations crushed, then what must be the intensity of the throes of remorse that shall distract the breast of him who has, in addition to the natural intelligence of man, had his mind enlightened by the presence and communion of the Holy Ghost, assisted by all its power, and yet of life has made nought but ruin?

Think of it, youth of Israel!

Under such circumstances, may we not get beyond the desire of forgiveness, or the hope of reconciliation?

The youth of the Latter-day Saints then, have the privilege of receiving the Gospel in their youth, and of growing to manhood and womanhood under the promptings of the Holy Spirit.

Nor is this all.

They may not only obey the Gospel, but it is within their reach to have an assurance—nay, a knowledge of its truthfulness.

"But when the comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall lestify of me."(John, xv:

26.) These were the words of Jesus to His disciples and from them we learn that in addition to all we have said about the Holy Ghost, it is to be a testifier—a witness of the divinity of Jesus Christ.

"No man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost."(1 Cor., xii:

3.) If we receive a testimony that Jesus was the Son of God, and commissioned to be a teacher of mankind, it must follow that the Gospel which He taught was true; and receiving a knowledge of the divinity of Christ, is also a knowledge of the truth of His Gospel.

But let us enquire further: on one occasion when

Jesus was teaching in the temple at Jerusalem the Jews marvelled at His doctrine and said: "How knoweth this man better, having never learned?

Jesus answered them, My doctrine is not mine, but His that sent me.

If any man will do His will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself."(John, vii:

16, 17.) This is a principle general in its application.

It loses none of its force in coming down through the centuries of the past to our day.

But if any man, as well to-day as in former times, shall do the will of the Father, he is entitled to know of the truth of the Gospel of Christ.

So thoroughly was the correctness of this doctrine recognized among the ancient Saints, that it was esteemed a shame not to have a knowledge of God.

Paul said to the Corinthians:

"Awake to righteousness, and sin not;

for some of you have not the knowledge of God; Ispeak this to your shame."(1 Cor., xv:

33.) If it was a shame for the Corinthian Saints not to know the Lord, is it not a shame for us not to know Him?

And why is it a shame for the Saint not to know the Lord?

Because by doing His will they may know Him;

and shame upon the Saints who do not obey the Lord—who do not keep

His commandments.

To such I would exclaim, Awake, unto righteousness and sin not, that ye may know the Lord, that you may be placed upon the rock of eternal certainty, that we may not be as the world, like blind men groping for the wall.

Many of our young Elders are called to go on missions.

The Sabbath before starting from their homes, they have the opportunity of addressing the Saints at the public ser-

SIR MOSES MONTEFIORE.

vice; and is it not generally the case, that they will tell the people, that while they believe the Gospel is true with all their hearts, they have no knowledge of its truthfulness;

but are willing to respond to the call upon them to preach the Gospel?

After an absence of eighteen months or two years, the Elder returns; and if he has performed a faithful mission what is his testimony?

Why to the effect that he now knows the

Gospel is true.

That all doubt has been swept away by the flood of evidences he has witnessed, and he knows the Gospel is true, as he knows that he lives.

Why this change in our Elders?

The secret is this.

During his absence he has been doing the will of God, and the Lord, true to the promise made to mankind by His Son Jesus Christ, has given him the witness, the knowledge.

He asked, and he received. He knocked, and it was opened.

I wish to say to the young Elders that you can obtain this knowledge of the truth of the Gospel at home.

It is not necessary that you go on a foreign mission before you are blessed with positive assurances.

The condition upon which a knowledge of the truthfulness of the Gospel is predicated is, that you do the will of the Father;

and when you do His will, whether at home or abroad, a fulfilment of the promise will be realized.

But oh how slow we are in works of righteousness!

How swift we are in the ways of sin!

How prone to evil "How oft we sin have mourned, Yet to temptation ran!"In the preceding numbers of this address, I called attention to the fact that the opportunities of the youth of Israel were such, that all the avenues that lead to positions of respectability and honor in this life are open to them, and now I may safely conclude this number by saying this:

Those who obey the Gospel of which I have spoken, and will walk by the ""promptings of the holy spirit they receive by obeying that Gospel, will be so purified in their physical moral, and spiritual natures that the highest seats in the celestial kingdom of our God will be reserved for them.

So that not only is it possible for us to attain to positions of respectability and honor in this life, but it is within our power to so educate ourselves that we may be prepared to associate with the Gods in eternity.

B. H. Roberts.

At best the reading of novels begets in men and women habits of laziness and idle thinking.

SIR MOSES MONTEFIORE.

On the twenty-eighth of July, 1S85, at

Ramsgate, England, there died one of the most remarkable men of the age.

Sir Moses Montefiore had lived more than a hundred years, and spent in that period the ordinary lifetime of three men in doing good to his fellowmen and coreligionists.

He was a Jew, whose characteristics closely identified him with the grander examples of the Hebrew race, whose record adorns the pages of Holy

Writ.

The following brief biography is from the London Standard:

"The euphonious and poetical surname 'Mountain Flower'borne by Sir Moses

Montefiore points to the Italian origin of his family.

His ancestors settled in England about two hundred years ago, not long after the time when Manasseh ben Israel had prevailed upon the Lord

Protector to sanction the readmission of the Jews into England.

His grandfather, Moses Vita Montefiore, died in London in the year 1739.

The subject of this memoir was the son of Joseph Elias Montefiore and Rachel, the daughter of

Abraham Mocatta.

This lady went on a journey to Italy, and at Leghorn, on the twenty-fourth of October, 1784, she gave birth to a son, who, according to

Jewish practice, received the name of his grandfather.

Of his early career it is only needful to say that he received a sound commercial education, that he

4 i4 S/J? MOSES MONTEFIORE.

was admitted a member of the Stock Exchange, and soon acquired an honorable position in the City by his irreproachable probity and sound judgment.

In 1812 he married Judith, the daughter of Levi Barent Cohen.

By this marriage he became allied to the I louse of Rothschild, his sister in-law, Hannah, being the wife of Nathan Meyer Rothschild, the founder of the London firm.

But the union was not merely advantageous from a material point of view.

Judith Montefiore possessed some of the loftiest graces that can adorn a woman's character—an all absorbing sympathy for suffering, true refinement, and deep piety.

Her husband, indeed, was always the first to acknowledge that she was the good genius of his life, who inspired all his manifold exertions in the cause of humanity.

Mr. Montefiore, having realized an ample fortune, retired from business, and only retained his connection with some important Company's in the formation of which he had assisted—the

Provincial Bank of Ireland and the Imperial Continental Gas Association.

In 1824 he helped to found the Alliance Insurance Office.

He was the first Chairman of this Company, and continued to hold that office for upwards of half a century.

"From his earliest years Mr. Montefiore had entertained a profound solicitude for the welfare of his brethren in Palestine.

Their condition in that country was one of chronic distress, on account of their lacking means for earning a livelihood, and their being ground down by exorbitant taxes, which rapacious governors imposed upon them.

In 1827 he undertook his first journey to the Holy Land. On this and his subsequent travels he was accompanied by his devoted wife, who courageously braved the fatigues and cheerfully shared the anxieties which these journeys to uncivilized lands entailed.

On the occasion of this first visit they were painfully affected by the evidences of misrule and consequent misery they witnessed on every side.

'There is everywhere some appalling token of desolation, and the traveler can scarcely help feeling that he is in a country of which it might almost be said without a figure that the heart of the land is broken.'Thus Mrs. Montefiore wrote in her private diary of a 'Visit to Egypt and Palestine,'which was afterwards printed for circulation among her friends.

In 1837, Mr.

Montefiore was elected by the livery to fill the office of Sheriff of London and Middlesex.

On November 9th of that year the Queen made her public entry into the city, and in commemoration of that event bestowed the honor of knighthood on him—the first jew who received this distinction.

In the following year he and his wife again visited the Holy Land, with the view of relieving the great distress caused by an earthquake which had almost destroyed the towns of Safed and

Tiberias.

Although the plague was at that time raging in Jerusalem, Sir Moses and Lady Montefiore entered the city, carefully investigated each case of distress, personally superintended the administration of relief, and established a dispensary, under the charge of a qualified physician.

Thesejourneys, in addition to the material good they effected, exercised a beneficial influence upon Sir

Moses himself.

He gained a close insight into men and manners in the East, and obtained some knowledge of the tangled web of intrigue in which Oriental questions were then, as now enveloped.

The opportunity soon arrived when he had to display all the experience and tact he had thus acquired.

"In the spring of 1S40 the Jews of Europe were startled by the tidings of a terrible outrage to which their brethren in the East had been subjected.

An Italian priest, II Padre Tomaso, and his servant, had unaccountably disappeared at Damascus.

Certain persons, who had long harbored feelings of bitter animosity against their Jewish fellow-citizens, spread the report that these men had been murdered by Israelites, who required the blood of their victims for the performance of their passover rites.

This accusation, although not substantiated by a single proof, found ready credence with the fanatic rabble, both Christian and Moslem.

The French

SIR MOSES MONTEFIORE.

Consul at Damascus, Ratti Menton, and the Turkish Governor, Sherif Pacha, took up the cry.

Several members of the leading Jewish families were thrown into prison and subjected to the most frightful tortures.

A large portion of the Jewish quarter was demolished, with the view of discovering the corpse of the unfortunate Capuchin, who, there is little doubt, had perished at the hands of some of the lawless marauders who infested the neighborhood of the town.

This not sufficing, the children of the hapless prisoners were shamefully illtreated in the presence of their agonized parents, in order to extort from them a confession of guilt.

It so happened that at the same time a Greek lad committed suicide in the Island of Rhodes, and a- gain the rumor was spread that Jews had compassed a foul crime.

The movement against the Hebrew population now spread throughout Syria and Turkey, and their lives were everywhere in imminent jeopardy.

The Hebrews of England took the initiative in deliberating how the impending danger might be averted.

They had organized a body, consisting of deputies of the various congregations, whose function was to act as the medium of communication between the community and the British Government, and to watch over the interests of their co-religionists in foreign lands.

In this board of deputies had appointed Sir Moses Montefiore their president, and he at once determined to undertake a journey to the East for the purpose of vindicating the innocence of his brethren.

The enterprise was beset on every side by serious difficulties.

For the 'Damascus affair,'as it was called, had been entangled in the meshes of the Eastern question, which was then beginning to perplex the Statesmen of Europe.

Mehemet Ali, the Viceroy of Egypt, had rebelled against his

Suzerain, the Sultan, and possessed himself of Syria.

France, which then had ambitious prospects in the east, favored the rebel, and to ingratiate herself with him approved of the inhuman acts of the Governor of Damascus and of her own Consul there, so that M.

Cremieux, the energetic Representative of the Israelites of France, was compelled to make the admission so humiliating to his patriotism, "Nous avons la

France contre nous."This hostile attitude, however, was richly compensated for by the active sympathy which the entire British nation and Government displayed. A large and influential meeting was held in the Mansion House, under the presidency of the Lord Mayor, Sir Chapman Marshall, at which the speakers, with one accord, declared emphatically their entire disbelief in the odious calumnies that had been spread against an unoffending people.

Lord Palmerston, at that time her Majesty's Secretary for Foreign Affairs, assured a deputation which waited upon him, headed by Sir Moses Montefiore, that the influence of the British Government would be exerted on behalf of the persecuted Jews.

Fortified by this assurance, Sir Moses set out on his mission on the 7th July, 1840, accompanied by his wife, and attended by Mr. Alderman

Wire, M. Cremieux, M. Munk, the eminent linguist, and his Secretary Dr.

Loewe.

"We cannot here detail the obstacles which he had to encounter at every step in his negotiation, obstacles which would certainly have disconcerted many an abler diplomatist than he, and damped the ardor of more experienced envoys.

But so fully persuaded was he of the righteousness of his cause that he did not rest until he had obtained of Mehemet Ali the discharge of those of the prisoners who survived, not as an act of grace, but as a matter of justice.

He then proceeded to Constantinople, where he obtained from the Sultan, Abdul Medjid, a firman in which that potentate declared his conviction that his Hebrew subjects were altogether innocent of such charges as had been preferred against them in Damascus and Rhodes, and granted to them his Imperial protection and freedom from molestation for the future. The return of the envoys resembled a triumphal procession. From all quarters of the globe came addresses of thanks, couched in the warmest terms.

4i6 SIR MOSES MONTH/'10RE.

Special services were held in the principal London synagogues in March, 1841, at which fervent prayers of thanksgiving were offered. A testimonial was presented to Sir Moses by his co-religionists in this country, consisting of a costly piece of plate, in the form of a miniature monument, surrounded by several figures, the most prominent of which was David conquering the lion.

But, loyal subject as he was, he especially valued the mark of approbation bestowed upon him by his Sovereign.

As a token of "her princely grace and special favor,"in recognition of the services performed by him in the cause of humanity, her Majesty granted him her royal license to bear supporters to his family arms, a privilege only conceded to peers of the realm and the knights of the various orders. So strong was the impression which this signal act of deliverance made upon his contemporaries, that it was suggested that the anniversary of the day on which the prisoners of Damascus had been liberated should be celebrated every year as a synagogue festival, to be observed like the Feast of Purim, so that the memory of the Mordecai of the nineteenth century might be preserved for all future generations.

"Sir Moses Montefiore was not long permitted to rest on the laurels which he had gained in the Damascus affair.

The Russian Emperor, Nicholas, had, ever since his accession to the throne, treated his Jewish subjects with exceptional harshness.

In 1845 he issued a series of the severest ukases against them, in which he ordered that many thousands of families who had dwelt near the frontier should be removed into the interior.

The execution of this decree would have reduced these unhappy people to the most abject poverty, nay, to starvation, and they appealed urgently for help to the Board of Deputies of British Jews.

Their President, who had before encountered the torrid heat of an eastern summer, did not now hesitate to defy the terrors of a northern winter.

He set out for St. Petersburg in February, 1846, again accompanied by his brave wife.

In a lengthy audience with the Czar he pleaded with all the eloquence which enthusiasm inspired for his oppressed people.

His fervent intercession was not without effect.

The obnoxious ukases were first suspended, and subsequently abrogated.

Sir Moses availed himself of this opportunity to visit the principal towns in Russia and Poland, where he was received with enthusiasm by his own co-religionists—with marked respect even by the members of the orthodox

Church.

Everywhere he afforded material relief, and gave sound counsels for the amelioration of the sore distress to which tyrannical measures had reduced the Hebrews.

He endeavored to impress upon Prince Paskiewitch, the Governor-General of Poland, the necessity of establishing good schools for the Israelites.

"Heaven forbid,"laughingly exclaimed the Prince; "they are already too clever for me.

How will it be when they have good schools?"But despite discouragements the journey of the philanthropist had good results.

From this period we may date some improvement in the social and political status of the Hebrew subjects of the Czar.

On his return Sir Moses Montefiore received the gratifying information from the Prime Minister, Sir Robert Peel, that the

Queen in acknowledgment of his valuable labors had created him a Baronet.

He also enjoyed the distinction of being elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.

"His next journey was to Palestine.

A dire famine had in 1845 caused terrible distress among the inhabitants.

The Chief Rabbi, Dr. Adler, in conjunction with Sir Moses, published an appeal, which within a short period elicited subscriptions amounting to upwards of one hundred thousand dollars.

In order to satisfy himself that these funds were judiciously expended, Sir Moses set out for the Holy Land.

After he had obtained a firman from the Sublime Porte empowering him to acquire land in Palestine, he purchased an estate, and established thereon several institutions for encouraging industrial employment.

In 1858 the intercession of the untiring

SIR MOSES MONTEFIORE.

philanthropist was again invoked. Pope

Pius IX had ordered that Edgar Mortara, the child of a Jew of Bologna, should be forcibly carried off from his parents, on the plea that he had been secretly baptized by a servant girl.

All the endeavors made by the distracted father to regain his child were fruitless; the mother died shortly afterwards heartbroken with grief.

Again was the Board of Deputies appealed to;

again did Sir Moses set forth on an errand of mercy to obtain the restitution of the child.

But, although he was powerfully supported both by the British and French Governments, his mission was doomed to end in disappointment.

This failure, however, in no way damped his ardor in the cause of humanity.

He had scarcely returned from Italy when he found it necessary to raise a fund in aid of the distressed Jews of Morocco, who were forced to seek a refuge in Gibraltar during the hostilities that were waged between the Spaniards and the Moors.

When, a few months later, accounts reached England of the sufferings endured by the Syrian Christians, who had been attacked by the Druses of Mount Lebanon, Sir Moses proved that his sympathies were not confined to the members of his own religious communion.

In concert with Lord Stratford de Redcliffe he originated the Syrian

Relief Fund, and took an active part in its distribution.

"A life that had hitherto known no grief save that which was evoked by the sufferings of others, had now to face a sore affliction.

Ever since her return from Rome, Lady Montefiore's health had been failing, and she expired peacefully on the eve of the Jewish New Year, September 25, 1862.

She was buried in a plot of ground adjoining the beautiful synagogue which her husband had built close to East Cliff, Ramsgate, and he erected over her grave a mausoleum the exact fac-simile of the tomb of

Rachel, which stands on the road to Bethlehem.

Sir Moses was profoundly affected by the loss of her who for upwards of half a century had faithfully shared his labors and anxieties; but he did not surrender himself to unavailing grief.

Jean Paul has said, "The noblest monument we can build to our beloved is to wipe the tears of others, not to shed them ourselves; and the finest garland we can hang upon that monument is a garland of good deeds, not wreathes of cypress and immortelles.'Penetrated by this truth he founded in her memory scholarships at several important schools and colleges, and established at Ramsgate a college for the maintenance of learned men, who were to devote their time to the study of Hebrew literature.

The Jewish community also evinced their appreciation of the work of the estimable lady by establishing and endowing a Convalescent Home at South Norwood.

It was the cause of humanity that recalled the mourner from his grief.

In October, 1863, the Jews of Morocco were subjected to harsh persecution.

The Spanish Receiver General of Customs at Saffi died suddenly, and the suspicion of his death was fastened upon several unoffending Jewish townsmen, who were accordingly tortured, with the view of wringing from them a confession of guilt.

When the tidings of these barbarities reached England, Sir Moses went to Madrid, where he invoked and obtained the help of Queen Isabella.

Thence he proceeded to Tangiers, and, thanks to the powerful recommendations he brought with him, he procured the release of the falsely-accused prisoners.

Although the object of his mission had been thus far accomplished, he did not rest satisfied as long as there was reason to apprehend a repetition of these atrocities.

He determined to journey to Morocco to represent to the Emperor himself the disabilities under which his non-Mussulman subjects were suffering.

He sailed from Gibraltar to Mogador in

H. M. S. Magicienne, which the Foreign

Office placed at his disposal. From Mogador the aged traveler had to journey across the Desert for a distance of upwards of one hundred miles.

But he was amply rewarded for the fatigues he endured.

The Sultan accorded him a brilliant reception at the head of his

4i8 SIR MOSES MONTEFIORE.

army, and published an edict by which liberty and toleration were granted to all his subjects.

On his return to England it was resolved by the Court of

Common Council that the thanks of the

City of London should be offered to Sir

Moses Montefiore "for the signal service rendered by him in having undertaken missions to various countries in relief of communities oppressed for their religious convictions, and more especially for his journey to Morocco, to solicit from the emperor of that country that his Jewish and Christian subjects should be relieved from all civil and religious disabilities."

The presentation of this vote of thanks took place at a crowded meeting of the Common Council, held at Guildhall on the 6th October, 1864.

"It might have been reasonably supposed that the Baronet, having now reached four score years, would have allowed himself that repose which he had so worthily earned.

But this was not to be.

In the newly-founded Principality of Roumania successive Governments had persecuted the Israelites, and in 1867 Sir Moses Montefiore undertook another Eastern journey, and submitted to Prince Charles a statement of the grievances of which his Jewish subjects complained.

This well-intentioned ruler assured him of his earnest desire to ameliorate their condition.

He was most ably seconded in his exertions by the Anglo-Jewish Association, the Roumanian committee, and the Alliance Israelite of Paris.

But many years were to elapse before the object dear to the philanthropist's heart was realized.

At length, in 1878, the plenipotentiaries assembled at the Berlin congress decided that the civil equality of the Jews should be insisted upon, as a condition of the recognition of Roumanian independence.

In Sir Moses Montefiore had felt himself compelled by failing strengh to resign the presidency of the

Board of Deputies, a position he had held for forty years.

It was universally felt that the time had come for marking by a suitable testimonial the services rendered by him both at home and abroad, and after long deliberation a committee appointed for the purpose, determined that the testimonial to be raised, should be devoted to the amelioration of the condition of the Jews of the Holy Land.

He had altogether journeyed seven times to that country, his last visit having been paid in 1875, and in the various reports of those journeys which he had published, he had pointed out the greatness of the benevolent work that yet remained to be accomplished there.

With this object, the sum of sixty thousand dollars was speedily collected, and applied to the promotion of industrial pursuits, the erection of improved dwellings, the acquisition and cultivation of land on an improved scale, and other kindred objects.

"During the latter years of his life, Sir

Moses resided at Ramsgate, in comparative retirement.

Though prevented by his weight of years from taking an active part in the affairs of his community, he relaxed none of his zeal in the promotion of benevolent objects.

He was a munificent supporter of all local institutions, and took a pride in aiding the general charities of his country with princely munificence.

As he had been the first to come forward with a contribution of five hundred dollars in response to an appeal made on behalf of the suffering soldiers in the Crimea, so he took an active interest in aiding the various benevolent schemes for succoring the distress caused by the RussoTurkish war.

He also maintained an unceasing correspondence with almost every Jewish community on the globe, and never turned a deaf ear to the petitions for help which reached him from far and near.

In politics he was a staunch Conservative, supremely loyal to the throne, and a profound admirer of the institutions of his country.

"The touching celebration of last autumn when Sir Moses Montefiore received the world's congratulations on the completion of his hundredth year, will be fresh in the memory of all.

On his birthday, messages poured in from all quarters of the world and from all classes.

The Queen telegraphed:

'I

ICELAND AND ITS PEOPLE.

wish to renew my sincere congratulations to you on this day, which marks the completion of a century of loyalty and philanthropy.'The day was celebrated as a public holiday in Ramsgate, a town of which he said, 'Every boy and girl is dear to me.'He was at that time in a very weak state, and it was feared that the excitement of the day might prove fatal.

He rallied, however, and for a time was much stronger, but it was evident that his life could not be preserved much longer.

One of his last, if not his last, administrative acts, says a correspondent, was to sign a cheque for the purchase of the cabinet which he presented to the Princess Beatrice on her recent marriage.

This he did whilst lying in bed propped up with pillows."London Standard.

ICELAND AND ITS PEOPLE.

Iceland owes its existence entirely to volcanic upheaval, and has ever been one of the most active volcanic regions of the globe.

It is situated in the North Atlantic Ocean, just south of the Arctic circle, which it touches, and geographically belongs to the Western Hemisphere, though the circumstances of its discovery and the political changes that took place during the ensuing centuries cast its lot with the Old World.

Its shape is that of an irregular ellipse, with a greater axis of two hundred and fifty miles and a lesser one of one hundred and seventy-five miles, extending nearly northeast and southwest.

Two capes reach far out from its western coast, and a large triangular peninsula on the northwest joins the mainland by one of its angles.

Its outline, on all except the southern side, is very irregular, being deeply indented by the narrow fjords that are so characteristic of these and

Norwegian coasts.

In area the island is about forty thousand square miles, or somewhat similar to the States of Maine and Ohio, but nine-tenths of this is entirely uninhabited.

There is an old story that Satan, after the creation of the world, wished to try his hand at the business;

so, gaining the consent of the Almighty, he made Iceland and was well pleased with his work.

There is not elsewhere in the world another place so fitted to inspire one with a sense of awe at the powers that slumber beneath this crust upon which we live.

The farms and villages of Iceland are all contained in a narrow belt that runs around the island, and are situated in the valleys between the mountain chains that radiate from the high land of the interior and extend far into the sea.

Within this inhabitable ring the island is one vast desert, a huge tableland that has for ages been the trysting place of nature's most violent forces.

Riven and torn and tossed—the earthquake, glacier, and volcano have united to produce a scene that cannot be equaled.

For an extent of twenty thousand miles there is utter desolation, inhabited by no human being.

From this tableland rise mountains and volcanoes, singly or in groups, while the snowy domes of the

Jokulls (pronounced Yae'kull, and meaning a mountain eternally covered with snow,) tower high above them all. Every century sees changes in this interior.

High hills rise where before there were valleys;

boiling springs disappear or burst forth where they had not previously been known, and in the mountain sides or on the level plain huge chasms open with reverberating reports and belch forth seas of moulten lava.

In the southwestern part of the island, about sixty miles from Reykjavik, stands Hecla, a comparatively small, though very active, volcano. Further to the eastward is the terrible Vatna Jokull, stretching its glacier arms and riven cliffs over the surrounding country—four thousand miles of ice resting upon a nest of volcanoes that, perhaps, are only waiting the time when they shall, as before, open their huge throats and gashed

ICELAND AND ITS PEOPLE.

sides and spread destruction over sea and land, suffocating many birds, animals and men with their noxious gases, destroying the fishes in the sea, and sending the waters of the rivers hissing and screaming into the air before the approach of the fiery flood.

The two most violent eruptions have occurred from this group, and several times have they spread ashes and sand over the farms that lay within the course of the wind and over the seas for hundreds of miles.

Perhaps no country has been more accurately mapped than Iceland.

The Danish government, under whose rule Iceland has been since the fourteenth century, seems to have paid particular attention to surveyng its coasts and interior, and the result is one of the most faithfully executed maps in existence.

Every rock and fjord about the coast, each village, farm, and bridle path, and even the glaciers and chasms, to the smallest line in the mountain sides, are put down with an almost microscopic minuteness and a regard for accuracy and detail that would do credit to far more important countries than this.

The Vatna Jokull alone remains a blank to mar the beauty of the whole.

Defying all attempts at ascent or exploration, it always has been, and ever will be, represented by only the vaguest outlines, unless it again breaks forth with more terrible violence, changing the whole character of its formation, and perhaps killing many persons whom it is patiently luring into a sense of security by years of silence.

From the name and situation, one might expect to find Iceland a cold, desolate country, shrouded much of the time in snow and bordered like the east coast of its neighbor, Greenland, with almost impenetrable fields of ice.

The Gulf Stream, however, plays an important part in modifying and equalizing the climate, and though the summers are somewhat cooler and shorter, and the winters are far milder than in some parts of our own country, quite a difference exists between the climates of the southern and northern parts of the island; but if we trace the isothermal or line of mean temperature, equal to that of Akurey'ri on the north coast, we will find it leading us far south in other countries that boast of a more salubrious climate.

The present season here, as in other places, has been very backward.

So cold and late a spring has not been known for years.

Until the first of June snow lay upon the mountains to their very base, and few signs of vegetation had appeared in the grass lots of Reykjavik or on the farms around the coast.

But now things have assumed a different aspect.

The snow has almost entirely disappeared from the mountains; on the farms the ponies, cattle and sheep are cropping the short grass after a long winter on the usual scanty food;

thousands of buttercups tinge the fields with their bright yellow, and the dandelions are fast shedding their crowns of gold and taking on that ball of white which is soon to be scattered by the wind.

In the gardens the turnips, carrots, and radishes are pushing their green tufts above the soii, the currant bushes are in full blossom, and the hardy rhubarb spreads his broad leaves to the sun.

Besides potatoes and a few hotbed plants, these are almost the only "garden sass"we find in Icelandic regions.

Mention is made in the sagas, or old historical stories, of corn and timber growing on the island, but these have long since disappeared, and other countries must now furnish all the wood and grain, together with many other comforts and luxuries of life.

With the exception of the priests (Lutheran) and a few merchants, the people are all farmers.

Those who live near the sea, or one of the many fjords, combine several occupations, and thus gain a good livelihood, or even wealth.

The priests hold their position under the government, and are paid from the public treasury, but they generally add farming to their official duties.

The merchants have their stores at one of the small villages about the coast, and carry a stock comprising almost everything.

ICELAND AND ITS PEOPLE.

Sometimes they employ agents who travel through the country buying ponies, which they ship to Scotland, or perhaps they own a small vessel which coasts around the island buying oil and codfish.

The farmer obtains all necessaries of life from the land and waters around him.

The rocks and turf are his building material, the bogs furnish inexhaustible supplies of peat for fuel, the rivers swarm with salmon during the summer, and the sheep yield wool for his clothing.

If near the sea, the almost domesticated eider duck contributes its eggs and down, the seals and sharks give oil for his lamps, and codfish are added to his winter store.

Once a year he journeys to Reykjavik or one of the smaller villages and barters his produce for things that serve to make his isolated life more comfortable.

Usually wool and eider down are things brought.

For these he is given credit by the merchant, and permitted to draw his yearly supply of goods, consisting of ryemeal, flour, coffee, sugar, calico, and lumber.

Upon the farms, the houses, with very few exceptions, are clusters of low, turf-covered huts with gable ends, doors, and window frames of wood, and, if seen from a distance, are not easily recognized by the stranger.

Sheep and even ponies are frequently seen upon the roofs in quest of the grass that grows more luxuriantly there than in the pastures;

but the interior of the houses is often made very comfortable by paneling and flooring with wood, painted and sometimes nicely furnished.

Not having much to do at any season, nor caring to exert himself beyond his yearly necessities, the Icelander finds much time for reading—his favorite occupation.

One who cannot both read and write is not to be found;

and, indeed, as a whole, they are one of the best educated class of people on the globe.

Well informed in history, geography and literature, especially of their own country, the traveler is often surprised to find these people conversing very intelligently about persons and events of all countries and ages, though they themselves may never have been out of sight of their own island.

A faculty for learning languages is certainly a trait of these people, as every day one meets persons who converse fluently in Danish and English, and perhaps German, or French and even Latin.

This in the towns and villages where they come in contact with people of other nations.

Further inland no chance is afforded for practice, but many of the people read understanding^ languages which they do not speak.

There are those on the island who have traveled extensively in other countries, and having studied their institutions and learned of the people, are now trying to give their countrymen the benefit of that knowledge, and to gain from other people that recognition to which their native land is certainly entitled.

Two or three learned societies lead a flourishing existence here;

and after years of inactivity, the country is again bringing forth authors and scholars who cannot but be recognized among those of other nations.

At several places on the island there are well-equipped printing offices.

From these, every year, are turned out books, the workmanship of which, both in typography and binding, often surprises the visitor.

At Reykjavik, four modest, but ably conducted newspapers appear regularly, two of them weekly and one each bi and tri- monthly.

At Akurey'ri we find two more, and at Seydisfjord, on the east coast, another, each appearing thirty times a year.

Centuries of suppression and monopoly of trade produced their effect upon the people, but of late years, and especially since the acquisition of the new constitution in 1874, some of the old energy seems to be slowly reviving, and the country is beginning to show signs of commercial importance.

Of travelers the number is slowly increasing.

Every steamer brings a few, attracted hither by the salmon fishing, the physical or social features of the country, or the novelty of a trip to Iceland.

For one who would view nature in her wildest forms and come in contact with a kind, hospitable people, there are few better places than this.

With an interest in his fellow-men and a disposition

ABRAHAM.

not to base his impressions upon their worst features, let him come prepared to enjoy his stay, and when the time comes for leaving he will say, that he does not gladly bid adieu.

Selected.

The most difficult province in friendship is the letting a friend see his faults and errors, which should, if possible, be so contrived that he may perceive our advice is given not so much to please ourselves as for his advantage.

The reproaches, therefore, of friendship should always be strictly just and not too frequent.

Progress is a law written in the constitution of humanity.

Horace Greeley.

ABRAHAM.

The man bearing this name, whose descendants, the Jews, have taken such an important position in the history of all the nations of the earth, was born nearly two thousand years before Christ came upon the earth.

Richmal Mangall, in her volume of Historical Questions, so well known to the British public, states "that God called Abraham because He designed to preserve pure religion in his family, when other families were again become very wicked."The Bible says of him, Gen. xxii, "By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord, that in blessing, I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore, and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies, and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed."The Prophet Joseph Smith tells us in the Pearl of Great Price, page 41, that Abraham was known in his pre-existent state as one of the choice spirits who should be among the rulers or great leading men, for bringing about God's purposes in the programme allotted to this earth.

In the history of this great man and his descendants, and in fulfilment of prophecy concerning them in the past, and even now in the day in which we live, there exists enough evidence to show the hand-dealing of a superior power sufficient to prove to all, but the fool (who has said in his heart there is no God), that the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob does exist, and that He holds the destinies of nations, families and individuals in His hand, while at the same time not depriving them of their agency in choosing between good and evil in the course they may pursue in their lives here.

Look which way we may at either blessing:

"In thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed,"or at the cursings which should ensue, also promised upon the royal seed, should they be disobedient, as found in the Book of Leviticus, chapter xxviii, how closely have they followed the peculiar people!

Let us contemplate t,he former.

Abraham himself, occupied a position in which he was brought face to face with the great powers of the earth, that were co-existent with him.

Dismissed from the court of the early Pharoahs of Egypt, on account of the fear that his presence inspired in the hearts of the people of that powerful kingdom, this shepherd king was sent away together with his wife and all that he had, and Abraham was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.

A few years later, he has become so strong, that he arms his trained servants, born in his own house, and with those that were confederate with him, rescues his nephew, Lot, together with his effects, and those of certain neighboring powers, from the four kings, receiving the thanks of the king of Sodom;

and Melchisedek, king of Salem and Priest of the Most High God, ministers unto him the bread and wine; while Abraham, in his high appreciation of the position he held, refused to accept even so much as a thread or a shoe latchet for a

ABRAHAM.

reward.

Then, again, his high-minded, yet diplomatic policy in the purchase of his family burial place of the children of

Heth; the trial of his faith in the offering of his promised son, all fraught with grand incident, that impresses the mind with a sense of the high and noble qualities of this great man, and with the conclusion that he is surely a choice spirit, chosen as one of the great leaders of an era in the history of the people of the earth.

Isaac and Jacob were illustrious; of the latter we read, "Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name, for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men."Next, Judah the Lion, in whom the kingly power is vested; but more particularly do we like to dwell upon the character of the favorite son of Israel, Joseph, for in him we see the commencement of the fulfilment of the prophetic blessing. He became the savior of his race, when famine- stricken, his proud brethren came bending at the feet of him, whom once in their cruel jealousy they sold into bondage.

Who has not felt the deepest emotion at the recital of the touching story of the reunion of the brothers, when "Joseph wept aloud, and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard."Joseph the virtuous the prophet, the seer, the next the throne, in the then greatest empire on earth.

But, much as our memory likes to linger in the contemplation of this much-famed Israelite, we must pass on.

Moses:whose prophetic utterances in their fulfilment, of world wide application in blessing the human race, now become more apparent with each step we take.

The great lawgiver stands not in that position to Israel alone; the decalogue that through his instrumentality was given, has become the foundation upon which are reared ail the laws of the Christian world;

in this case we see the fulfilment of the promise.

Aaron, the Levite, the bearer of the Lesser Priesthood, which blessing and prerogative yet live to-day and shall be continued forever. Doctrine and Covenants, section Ixviii, 16: "And if they be literal descendants of Aaron, they have a legal right to the bishopric, if they are the first-born among the sons of Aaron."David the warrior prophet, Solomon the wise, continue the link of blessings;

Daniel, second in power over the great kingdoms of Babylon and Persia, first under Nebuchadnezzar, and then under

Darius:

Mordecai, the preserver of the

Jews, through the power wrought by the beauty of Esther upon the great king Ahasuerus.

Leaving unnoticed many of the minor yet mighty prophets and men of God, we come to John the forerunner of the blessed Redeemer, and then to the Lord, the Great King, the Messiah;

but not in the position in which He will yet appear do we now see

Him;

but as the babe of Bethlehem, born of the Virgin Mary, of the tribe of

David, in whose kingly line the promise was that the Redeemer should come.

"As in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive."If any of the sons or daughters of men have hitherto escaped from partaking of the blessings promised to ensue, through the seed of Abraham, in Christ and His mission is fulfilled, in all its vast extent, the great promise made, for we are told, "There is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved,"not only from the effects of the fall of Adam, but from the effects of our own individual sins; the former unconditionally, the latter on the condition that we obey the Gospel of Christ, "for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth."The traces of the blood of Abraham in its effect for blessing the human race is not finished here;

with the crucifixion of our Savior came upon the nation of the Jews, the full vials of the wrath of an offended God, of which they had in part been partakers for their sins heretofore committed.

But now in their turning away from the true faith of their Father, culminating in the rejection and crucifixion of their Redeemer, the full penalties of their crimes were meted out to them, and the student in history may look in vain for a parellel to the fearful and heartrending scenes as de-

ABRAHAM.

picted by the historian, attendant upon the siege and destruction of Jerusalem by Titus, in which the Jews lost a million lives and one hundred thousand of them were taken captive, their beautiful city destroyed, their temple razed to the ground, so that not one stone stood upon another.

The literal fulfilment of the scripture contained in Deuteronomy xxviii, 57, was actually carried into effect according to the historian who has given us the fearful page of history of the siege of Jerusalem, in which he says;

"that mothers actually ate their own children, 'for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straightness, wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates:'"Driven out as outcasts, and despised, they became a hiss and a by-word among men, and most literally has been fulfilled the promised curse.

But yet what do we behold;

the Jew still maintaining his love for the sacred city, and his purity of blood; hated and despised, yet we find the same circumstances attendant upon

Israel in the past, accompanying him to-day.

The genius of the race is to command; and although they have stood as it were the power behind the throne, except in the case of David and Solomon, this genius still looms up and cannot be repressed.

Through the ages now departed, the Jews have occupied positions of trust and power.

The thrones of Europe have been and now are held steady, and the seats of many of her kings made firm by the gold of the Jew, the descendant of Abraham. The powerful bankers known as the Rothschilds, who through the integrity of one of the earlier members of their race, in the handling of funds entrusted to his care by the petty prince of a province, over which the German Empire is now extended, built up a name which was the key to success of the great moneyed kings; the Rothschilds, who now hold in their grasp much of the wealth of the strongest kingdoms and empires of the earth, may be mentioned as powerful representatives in modern times, of this princely race; and should it need other illustration to show that still the promises follow "That in thy seed shall all nations be blessed,"we mention the name, D'Israeli, which sounds so much like saying "The Israelite."The statues erected to his memory, in many places in this land, were garlanded with his favorite flower the Primrose, one day last spring, in honor of this great and honored descendant of Abraham.

What a change has now come over the vision in men's minds since Lord Macaulay, in 1S31, contributed an essay on the Civil Disabilities of the Jews.

In his scathing review of the arguments used by members of Parliament against the measure, he says:

"That a Jew should be privy counselor to a Christian king, would be an eternal disgrace to the nation; but the Jew may govern the money market, and the money market may govern the world.

The minister may be in doubt as to his schemes of finance, till he has been closeted with the Jew—a Congress of Sovereigns may be forced to summon the

Jew to their assistance.

The scrawl of the Jew on the back of a piece of paper, may be worth more than the royal word of three kings, or the national faith of three new American republics; but that he should put Right Honorable before his name would be the most frightful of national calamities."Since the issuance of these words, we find the third Jew elevated to the peerage, and yet still further so strongly is the tide of favor setting in toward Israel, that we find the dedication of a pamphlet called "A Digest of the Great Pyramid,"to be as follows:

"I dedicate this pamphlet to the British

Nation, God's people Israel, as an epitome of the knowledge it behoves them to acquire, regarding the great Pyramid which is their inheritance."Signed, "Philo Israel."This man together with a class of men who have arisen, the lovers of Israel, now seek to establish as a fact that the British nation are the ten lost tribes, and that the Queen of England and Empress of India is a lineal descendant of him who sat on Israel's throne, King David: thus

PICTURESQ UE AMERICA.

the tide is setting in to favor Israel, in fulfilment of the promises of old.

There is no doubt that the British nation is blessed with having the blood of Ephraim mixed in its veins, descended from the stock of the old Scandinavians, through whose country the Ten Tribes took their course in their journey to the north, leaving, no doubt, stragglers by the way, who intermarried with the inhabitants, and thus the blessings of the favored race were imparted to the

Scandinavian nations, which has caused them to receive the truth of the Gospel of Jesus Christ in such large numbers;

for it is a well known fact that the northwestern portion of Europe has contributed largely to the work of the Latterdays, while southeasterly, among the Latin races, the Gospel has not been received, because of the absence of the

Ephraimic or Israelitish blood.

The Saints of God understand, in part, the workings of the Lord upon the hearts of men.

They know of the American Israel.

John, x:

16.

Through the administration of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, it is revealed that this branch of the house of Israel has been in the past, and is even now under the chastening hand of God;

but yet the promise is that a remnant of them shall be saved, and shall become a white and delightsome people; (Book of Mormon, page 122,) and they will be used by the Lord as a mighty instrument in bringing about certain purposes upon the earth, which he has designed for them to take part in.

They know of the lost Ten Tribes, in their now isolated position, who are in the land of the north, being prepared for the part which they shall yet take in the closing scenes of the history of this earth in its present probationary state.

(See Doctrine and Covenants, page 47S.)

Reader, in conclusion let me ask you a question: Did it ever enter into your consideration that it is to the Jew, the descendant of Abraham, that you owe your thanks for the possession of your

Bible, that book you have been taught to revere and call Holy.

The Book of Mormon, page 120, in allusion to this, very singularly uses the following language: "A Bible!

a Bible! We have got a Bible, and there cannot be any more

Bible.

But thus saith the Lord God: O fools, they shall have a Bible;

and it shall proceed forth from the Jews, mine ancient and covenant people. And what thank they the Jews for the Bible which they receive from them?

Yea, what do the Gentiles mean?

Do they remember the travels, and the labors, and the pains of the Jews, and their diligence unto me, in bringing forth salvation unto the Gentiles?"

Reader, in proof of this ingratitude toward the Jews in this respect, ask your friends the question bearing upon this point, and you will be surprised at the fulfilment of the sentiment of these lines from the book quoted, in the answer and surprise manifested by your friends at the question;

making another instance, simple but sure, in which prophecy is being fulfilled upon the once despised race; but the time is coming when Israel "shall be a name of joy, a praise and an honor before all the nations of the earth."Let the student examine the past history of the children of Abraham closely and studiously as contained in Holy Writ, associating with it a research into the history of all nations of the earth, and his mind cannot fail to be impressed with the idea that a superior power than that of man, is exhibited in the prophecies and and their fulfilment concerning Abraham and his descendants.

Albert Jones.

PICTURESQUE AMERICA.

In the days of the overland stage coach, feeble descriptions of the Garden of the Gods came across the mountains, exciting the wonder of the people here, who had crossed the plains by the northern route, but had never penetrated the wild recesses and the famous parks of

PICTURESQUE AMERICA.

Southern Colorado. We remember to have heard some miners, in the early days of mining in Utah, who had prospected Colorado, describe the fantastic forms of mountains, crags and peaks, about the sacred precincts of the Garden of the Gods. There was an air of superstitious dread ever pervading the recital of experiences in that locality in those who dilated on its wonders;

and they left the impression that within the lofty walls that encircle it, strange sounds and mythical beings were to be heard and seen echoing and flitting from crag to crag to the consternation and wonderment of the lonely traveler who made his camp there. With the building of the railway which now reaches within three or four miles of this most romantic spot, such thoughts as awed the poor prospector, when gazing upon the singular figures that dot the landscape, have given place to the spell-bound astonishment and appreciative delight of a thousand visitors from the cultured firesides of New England and the Old World.

It is in vain that men attempt a description of this remarkable spot, for though the Garden of the Gods has been described and photographed more than any other place of scenic interest in Colorado, words or pictures fail to give even the faintest idea of its wealth of gorgeous color or of the noble view which its gateway frames.

The portals of this famed gateway spring from the level plain to a height of three hundred and thirty feet and glow with the most brilliant coloring of red.

There is an outer parapet of pure white and there are inner columns of varied hues, the whole suggesting the ruins of a vast temple, once the receptacle of the sacred shrine of the long buried gods.

Within the Garden the rocks assume strange mimetic forms, and the imagination of the spectator is kept busy discovering resemblances to figures of beasts and birds, of men and women, and of strange freaks in architecture.

A day spent in this weird spot affords an experience never to be forgotten.

An hour's ride by team from the gateway of the Garden is the famous Manitou, the summer resort of Colorado.

In the narrow defile or canyon containing the mineral springs which gave the name to the most beautiful town of the State

Colorado Springs—a few houses have been built along the stream and in the wider openings some large hotels have been erected, which afford every comfort for luxurious living.

Manitou has been frequently characterized as the Saratoga of the west.

In many respects the designation is a happy one, while in others it falls far short of an adequate description.

Manitou is a Saratoga in that it possesses renowned medicinal springs, is provided with spacious and elegant hotels and is the summer resort of the refined, intelligent and wealthy, the seekers after health and pleasure.

It is not a Saratoga in that it is surrounded by some of the grandest and most beautiful scenery in America.

For those who admire the grand in nature, the mountains tower in the western heavens, marshalled and captained by Pike's Peak;

for those who are moved by vastness, the mysterious plains stretch boundless to the east;

for those who love gentler aspects, the valley of the Fontaine - que - Bouille, glowing with greenery and pranked with flowers affords perennial pleasure.

From Manitou the ascent of Pike's Peak is made, and horseback expeditions are most inviting in all directions.

No grander panorama of mountain scenery can be found in the world than from the summits of the mountains reached in a day's ride from Manitou.

The elevation of Pike's Peak is fourteen thousand one hundred and forty-seven feet, and an easy horse trail winds about its base and sides to the summit, which is becoming so attractive that a railway has been located and is now being constructed to convey passengers by means of the iron horse to the top.

It will rival the celebrated Righi at Lucerne and certainly the views it will introduce to the traveler are not surpassed in grandeur and loveliness even by the older and more celebrated Swiss scenes.

Leaving Colorado Springs,where, summer and winter, it is a constant delight to dwell, the palace cars of the moun-

ULYSSES

S. GRANT.

tain railway—the Scenic Line—rapidly, smoothly glide over the ever curving tracks; and on the right and left from every point of view, reveal ever changing but ever beautiful views of nature's rarest scenery. From Pueblo, the second commercial city of the State of Colorado* the entrance is made upon the domain of loftier heights, where everlasting snows lie heaped in crevices and on sheltered slopes and rugged pinnacles pierce the sky a thousand feet above the line of hardiest vegetation.

The Arkansas River a broad and sluggish stream at its mouth and for a hundred miles or more above, becomes a foaming, roaring cateract in its confined course as it leaps over its stony bed from side to side of the rock bound canyon that narrows it down to a few feet in width. The most remarkable portion of this canyon has been called the Royal Gorge and no better name could be given it.

The astonishing feature of this gorge to the white man, as well as to the wild Indian who looks in mute wonder and amazement, is that a railroad has penetrated its almost impassable cliffs. When first examined it seemed impossible that a railway could ever be constructed through this stupendous canon to Leadville and the west. There was scarcely room for the river alone, and granite ledges blocked the way with their mighty bulk.

In time, however, these obstructions were blasted away, a road-bed closely following the contour of the cliffs was made, and to-day the canyon is a well-used thoroughfare.

But its grandeur still remains.

After entering its depths, the train moves slowly along the side of the Arkansas, and around projecting shoulders of darkhued granite, deeper and deeper into the heart of the range.

The crested crags grow higher, the river madly foams along its rocky bed, and anon the way becomes a mere fissure through the heights.

Far above the road the sky forms a deep blue arch of light; but in the Gorge hang dark and sombre shades which the sun's rays have never penetrated.

The place is a measureless gulf of air with solid walls on either side.

Here the granite cliffs are a thousand feet high, smooth and unbroken by tree or shrub;

and there a pinnacle soars skyward for thrice that distance.

No flowers^grow, and the birds care not to penetrate the solitudes.

The river, sombre and swift, breaks the awful stillness with its roar.

Soon the cleft becomes still more narrow, the treeless cliffs higher, the river closer confined, and where a long iron bridge hangs suspended from the smooth walls, the grandest portion of the canyon is reached.

Man becomes dwarfed and dumb in the sublime scene, and Nature exhibits the power she possesses. The crags menacingly rear their heads above the daring intruders, and the pla-ce is like the entrance to some infernal region.

Escaping from the Gorge, the narrow valley of the upper Arkansas is traversed, with the striking serrated peaks of the Sangre de Cristo close at hand on the west, until Salida is reached.

JJe Vallibus.

Coleman, the dramatist, was asked if he knew Theodore Hook.

"Yes,"replied the wit, "Hook and eye are old associates."ULYSSES S. GRANT.

General Grant was born at Point Pleasant, Ohio, April 27th, 1822.

His family is said to be of Scottish extraction, though his first American ancestor came from England in 1630, and was one of the first founders of Dorchester,

Massachusetts.

Jesse Root Grant married Hannah Simpson, of a Pennsylvania family, in 1820, and the general was their oldest child.

He was named Hiram Ulysses, and a year after his birth, the family removed to Georgetown, some forty miles southeast of Cincinnati.

Of his childhood little is known.

He always showed a liking for firearms and horsemanship.

At school he showed no

ULYSSES S. GRANT.

special aptitude or quickness, though preferring mathematics to other studies.

He was appointed, in 1839, to the Military

Academy at West Point, the appointment coming to him through Hon.

Thos. L. Hamer, the Representative of his district in Congress, on the failure of a previous appointee to keep up with the class.

It was through a mistake of this congressman that Grant's name was changed.

He had always been called Ulysses, and in entering his name, Mr.

Hamer not knowing his initials, but knowing his mother's name, ventured to record it as Ulysses Simpson Grant. He tried to have it changed at the Academy, but was unsuccessful, and it has thus remained ever since.

As a military cadet he was not considered very successful, though he kept up with his classes, and graduated June 30, 1843, number twentyone in a class of thirty-nine, with no special distinction, except in horsemanship, and with the title of Brevet Second

Lieutenant.

He was assigned to duty with the Fourth Regiment of Regular Infantry on the frontier of Missouri, and from there to Texas in General Taylor's army of occupation.

He was thus placed conveniently for action when the

Mexican war commenced, and won considerable distinction during the progress of General Scott's successful march to the city of Mexico.

He came out of the war a First Lieutenant, and married

Julia Dent, of St. Louis, in 1848.

During the succeeding years he was stationed at various posts in the north and west, serving for a time in Oregon, where he was commissioned Captain.

In 1854, after having been for eleven years in the military service, he became tired of the inactivity, and resigned, returning to St.

Louis, where he had left his wife.

He engaged in farming on a little place eleven miles from St.

Louis, and was very poor, barely gaining a livelihood for himself and family.

His first three children were born in the log house built upon the farm.

In 1859, he joined his father and brothers in the tanning trade at Galena, Illinois.

It was here that the outbreak of the rebellion found him, which furnished the supreme opportunity for the development of his great military capacity, of which some sign had been given at Mexico.

On the fifteenth of April 1861, the day after the surrender of Fort Sumter, President Lincoln called for seventy-five thousand militia "to cause the laws to be duly executed."On the twenth-third,

Captain Grant presented himself at the capital of Illinois in command of a company of volunteers from Galena. Thence he wrote to the Adjutant-General of the

Army, offering his services in any capacity, and meanwhile made himself of use in organizing the Illinois Volunteers, who were coming forward in great numbers.

Of one regiment of these, the Twenty-first, Governor Yates made him

Colonel;

and hardly had he repaired with it to Missouri, when the Washington authorities, selecting both present and former regular officers for high commands, commissioned him, early in August, as Brigadier-General.

Under the command of General Fremont he operated about Cairo where he established his headquarters.

He was exceedingly active in his operations from this point, following up a series of successfufmaneuvres, which culminated in the important capture by the Union forces of Fort Henry.

This victory, coming early in the war, was received with great enthusiasm, but

Grant, without pausing, although authorized and even urged by Halleck to remain on the defensive at Fort Henry, so as to resist attempts to retake it, pushed his available troops across to Fort Donelson as fast as the miry roads would permit. When he arrived there his body of fifteen thousand men was actually smaller, according to some careful statistics, than the army inside defending the works, and these works, too, were very strong, in commanding positions, and mounting twenty-one heavy guns, besides many field-pieces.

However, re-enforcements, ascending the Cumberland on transports, soon doubled Grant's strength.

After two days of skirmishing, the garrison in the fort, fearing that it would be gradually hemmed in, made a desperate effort to open a way of

ULYSSES

S. GRANT.

escape by the Wynn's Ferry road.

The struggle was nearly successful, but a lull occurred in the Confederate attack at the moment when its purpose seemed achieved.

Grant, at this juncture returning from a consultation with Foote on his flag-ship, and learning what had occurred, instantly divined the enemy's purpose, and believing the situation to be one in which, as he expressed it, "whoever attacks again first will whip,"directed General C. F. Smith to assault.

That splendid soldier, who with his sixty years had all the fire of youth, magnificently carried out his instructions, and the Confederates were driven back into their trenches.

Floyd and Pillow, with a considerable number of their troops, stole away the same night in the darkness, and theYi Buckner, on whom the command had devolved, the next day, the sixteenth, asked a cessation of hostilities so as to agree on terms of capitulation.

"No terms,"answered Grant, in words which became memorable, "except an unconditional and immediate surrender, can be accepted.

I propose to move immediately upon your works."

There was no way of evading the result, and the fort was surrendered with garrison, guns and stores.

The Union loss was a little over three thousand three hundred;

the Confederate, as near as can be ascertained, from thirteen to fourteen thousand, and all but one thousand five hundred or two thousand were prisoners.

This was the greatest victory which had yet crowned the Union arms, and Grant received the wellearned reward of a commission as MajorGeneral of Volunteers. The fall of Donelson forced the abandonment by the Confederates of Bowling Green and Columbus.

In the spring of 1863, Grant transferred his army by river to Vicksburg, and spent many weeks, with the aid of canals and other devices, in the vain attempt to approach the city.

At last he adopted the bold conception of carrying his whole army, on the Arkansas side, below Vicksburg, and there recrossing the river, so as to place his forces in the rear of the city, thus compelling its garrison to come out and fight or else stand a siege.

This was accomplished, Porter's gun-boats at the same time running the river batteries;

and after five combats, including one on the Big Black and the sanguinary pitched battle of Champion's Hill, he forced the

Confederate commander, Pemberton, back into Vicksburg.

J.

E. Johnston, with a tmall relieving force, was kept away, and on the fourth of July, 1863, Pemberton surrendered, with from twenty-seven to thirty thousand men and one hundred and seventy-two guns.

In all these Vicksburg operations the aggregate Confederate loss was about forty-five thousand men and two hundred guns; while Grant lost fewer than twelve thousand men.

Port Hudson soon surrendered to Banks, and the Mississippi was free.

Grant, for this great victory, which happened simultaneously with Meade's at Gettysburg, was made a MajorGeneral in the regular army, and all eyes turned to him as the man for the hour.

Indeed, his soldierly energy was soon again to be tested.

Rosecrans, who had succeeded Buell in Tennessee, and had fought Bragg on Stone River at the close of 1862, during the succeeding year had pressed the enemy back to Chattanooga and beyond, but being repulsed at Chickamauga, had fallen back into Chattanooga, which place Bragg soon held under siege.

Rosecrans had been superseded by Thomas, and Grant was intrusted with the command of the Division of the Mississippi, so as to include Chattanooga.

Sherman, who had been driving Johnston from the rear of Vicksburg, was hurried to Chattanooga, and meanwhile Grant, by opening a line of supplies, practically raised the siege.

Then he prepared to dislodge Bragg from the surrounding heights. On the twenty-fourth of November Hooker brilliantly captured Lookout Mountain, Bragg's left; the next day

Sherman attacked Bragg's right;

but the crowning work was that of Thomas, whose Army of the Cumberland, in the centre, assaulted and carried the frowning heights of Missionary Ridge.|j Bragg

43° ULYSSES S. GRANT.

fell back into Georgia, and relief was promptly sent by Grant to Burnside, who had been kept tinder close siege at

Knoxville by Longstreet.

Grant's loss at Missionary Ridge was about seven thousand men, and Bragg's probably still greater; Bragg also lost forty guns.

Upon this victory Congress voted thanks to Grant, ordered a gold medal to be struck for him, and appointed him Lieutenant-General, March 2, 1864.

On the seventeenth he assumed command of all the armies of the United States.

To Sherman he assigned the task of attacking Bragg's successor,

J. E.Johnston, in Georgia, while he proposed to personally supervise the campaign against Lee in Virginia.

On the fourth of May, 1864, he crossed the Rapidan with the Army of the Potomac, under Meade, which, including the

Ninth Corps, was one hundred and twenty thousand strong.

Lee, who had about half that number at command, at once attacked him while on the march, and a terrible two days'battle was fought in the Wilderness.

The result of this prolonged and indecisive struggle for the mastery, in the tangled undergrowth and among the scraggy pines was a Union loss of about fifteen thousand men and a Confederate loss of probably about ten thousand.

On the third day, May 7, Grant renewed his original endeavor to march past Lee's right flank, but Lee hastened to baffle it, and occupied Spottsylvania.

There for many successive days, now in constant skirmish and now in regular assault, the struggle was renewed.

On the twelfth of May Hancock captured four thousand prisoners and twenty guns.

In general, however, the efforts of Grant to carry the position were bloodily repulsed.

By the twentieth of May his losses at Spottsylvania were over seventeen thousand, and Lee's were doubtless more than ten thousand.

Grant, however, sent to Washington the cheery message, "I propose to fight it out on this line, if it takes all summer."He again moved out by the left to the North

Anna, steadily drawing toward Richmond;

but there, finding Lee strongly posted in his path, he resumed the flank march, crossed the Pamunkey, and faced Lee at Cold Harbor.

The opening of 1865 found the Confederate cause desperate under Grant's comprehensive and relentless campaigning.

Sherman had, in a series of battles and marches, forced his way to Atlanta, thence to Savannah, thence to the Carolinas, his latest march causing the fall of Charleston. Thomas had overthrown, by great battles at Franklin and Nashville, the attempt of Hood, Johnston's successor, to once more invade the North.

Fort Fisher and Wilmington had fallen.

Lee saw that Richmond must follow, and determined to abandon it, and to combine with an army collecting under Joe Johnston in North Carolina, in order to overthrow Sherman.

An assault on Fort Steadman, to cover this move, cost him four thousand men, with a Union loss not half so great.

Grant, too, had foreseen Lee's purpose, and had planned to move again by the left to foil it.

On the twenty-ninth of March the great movement began, Sheridan leading off with ten thousand cavalry.

Lee struck a heavy but unavailing blow to check it.

Sheridan, in turn, on the first of April, with the cavalry and Fifth Corps, overwhelmed

Lee's right at Five Forks, capturing four thousand five hundred men, with a Union loss of less than one thousand, and, on the second, a portion of the Union army left at Petersburg broke through the outer defenses.

That night Lee fled from his lines, leaving -Petersburg and Richmond in the hands of Grant.

His effort to escape, however, was too late.

The Union forces, headed by Sheridan, overtook him, and planted themselves at Jetersville, on his desired road to Danville.

Lee turned westward again toward Lynchburg, but his relentless pursuers fell upon his rear-guard, and at Sailor's Creek captured nearly the whole of E well's corps. Worn out and wrecked, Lee's army, on the ninth day of April, surrendered to Grant at Appomattox Court House.

The terms granted by the conqueror were magnanimous and generous, guar-

ULYSSES

S. GRANT.

anteeing protection while under parole.

Johnston's surrender to Sherman followed as a matter of course;

Taylor and the other Confederate leaders duly capitulated.

The war was over, not so much as a guerrilla shot surviving it;

and it had been ended solely by the overthrow of the Confederate military forces on the field of battle.

In reviewing the military career of General Grant it becomes evident that his successes, so far as they were due to personal causes, are in a large measure traceable to certain traits of character, exhibited alike in prosperous and adverse fortune, from the beginning to the end of the war.

The restless activity and enterprise which caused him, on taking command at Cairo, to sieze Paducah the very next day, without waiting for formal instructions, was the same quality that afterward, on the larger field of the Virginia operations, prompted him to "hammer continuously"at Lee's army until he broke it, and therewith the Confederacy, into fragments.

At the close of the war General Grant.

was hailed throughout the North with admiration and gratitude as the greatest hero of the conflict, and the chief instrument in the salvation of the Union. Admirers in Philadelphia presented him with a handsome residence, his old friends at Galena provided him a home there, and he was the recipient of many tokens of admiration, and greeted with enthusiasm wherever he could be induced to visit his fellow-citizens.

In 1866 the grade of General of the Army was created, in order that its distinction might be conferred upon him.

Before the end of 1867 a public meeting was held in New York, in which prominent business men took a leading part, to promote the nomination of General Grant for the Presidency.

It was only a formal expression of the general feeling, which spread spontaneously throughout the Northern States.

When the Republican Convention of 1S68 was held at Chicago, on the twentieth of May, no other candidate was thought of, and his nomination was unanimous on the first call of States.

His letter of acceptance, dated May 25th, was brief and characteristic, ending with the famous words, "Let us have peace."The election resulted in giving him two hundred and fourteen electoral votes, to eighty for Horatio Seymour, and his popular majority was three hundred and nine thousand six hundred and eighty-four in a total vote of five million seven hundred and sixteen thousand and eightytwo.

In his inaugural address he declared that, while he felt the responsibilities of his new position, he accepted them without fear.

His first cabinet was made up largely of men who had shown a special appreciation of his services.

On June 5, 1S72, he was nominated for re-election, and though much dissatisfaction had been evinced with his administration, even by northern Republicans who especially disapproved the severity of his Reconstruction policy, he was reelected by a greater popular and electoral vote than before.

On retiring from the Presidency, General Grant set out on an extensive trip abroad.

Stopping for a brief visit to his old home at Galena and a social entertainment by friends in Philadelphia, he embarked from the latter city on the seventeenth of May, 1877, for Liverpool.

He spent some weeks in England, and returned thither after a trip through Germany and Switzerland into Italy.

After visiting Scotland and the north of

England, he started for France and the

Mediterranean, extending his travels to

Egypt and the Holy land, visiting Rome and Constantinople on his return to the Continent.

He spent some months in northern and southern Europe, and returned to Great Britain, near the close of 1S78, for the purpose of visiting Ireland.

Near the beginning of he passed through France, and embarked at Marseilles for India. After exploring that land he passed through Burmah and Siam, visited China and Japan, and crossed the Pacific, arriving at San Francisco, September 20, 1879.

Everywhere he had been received with the highest tokens of admiration, being the guest of rulers and civic bodies, and attending innumerable receptions and banquets.

It was

ULYSSES S. GRANT.

an almost continuous ovation, such as no private person ever before enjoyed.

On his return to this country he made his way by an irregular route through the Pacific and Western States to the East, arriving near the close of the year.

In the early part of 1880 he made a trip through the Southern Atlantic States, visited Cuba and Mexico, and returned by way of Galveston and the Mississippi

Valley.

During his absence the question of a third term was again agitated, and the ex- President's ardent political admirers made a determined effort to secure his nomination by the Republican

Convention of 1880. The other aspirants, however, had gained strength; the antithird-term idea was not without influence, and the old causes of discredit were not wholly forgotten in the glare of the attentions General Grant had received as the most distinguished American living.

Though he had the solid support of three hundred and six delegates out of seven hundred and fifty-six, he failed of the nomination, and subsequently gave his support to Garfield.

In the latter part of 18S0 General Grant made his home in New York.

He had become interested in railroad projects in Mexico, in the interoceanic canal at Nicaragua, and the association of his name with other financial schemes was eagerly sought.

He became a partner in the banking firm of Grant &

Ward, in which his sons were interested, and while he took no part in its business, he gave his full confidence to the active partner, Mr. Ward, with a characteristic lack of reserve or suspicion.

The result was disastrous to his hopes of financial prosperity. On Christmas-eve, 1883, General Grant suffered a fall on the icy pavement in front of his residence, which gave his system a shock from which he never recovered.

Some months afterward the disease developed which proved fatal, and it was doubtless aggravated by his financial troubles.

After the loss of his private property, the destruction of his hopes of financial success, and the attack of a disease which threatened his life, General Grant was restored to his old rank as General of the army, and placed on the retired list by act of Congress and of the President, at the very close of the Republican administration, which gave way for the first time in twenty-four years to the ascendancy of the Democratic party.

He received his commission from the new President, so that his public career spanned, in a peculiar manner, the most remarkable era in the history of the republic.

During the later months of the general's life he devoted his time to writing his biography, pursuing this vocation even after being disabled by the fatal disease which had siezed him and when barely able to dictate to a stenographer.

His heroic courage never was more manifest than in the latest effort of his life to drive away death while he should prepare a work that would provide a living for his family after he was gone.

He succeeded a few days before his death in correcting the last proofs of his work which has not yet been published, but will probably realize the most profitable sale of any book published in the present generation.

General Grant died atabouteighto'clocka.m.

July 23d, 1885, at Mount McGregor Cottage, near Saratoga, New York.

His funeral obsequies were privately celebrated at the cottage August 4th and on

Saturday, the 8th, the grandest funeral pageant ever seen in America did honor to his remains in the city of New York, where the public celebration of his funeral occurred.

His body was laid in the vault in Riverside Park, where a monument is to be erected to his memory.

Grant was a son of destiny, called to perform a wonderful work which he was guided by a Providence, he often failed to recognize, in achieving.

His name will be associated with the greatest military heroes and his memory preserved by his countrymen with that of Lincoln as a preserver of the Union.

Charles Lamb remarked of one of his critics: "The more I think of him the less I think of him."

TO CLARENCE.

TO CLARENCE.

Darling, you came when our Annie ascended

Unto the beautiful land of the blest;

Came while the sadness and love were still blended

Vividly, mournfully sweet in each breast.

Recently came from the mansions of Heaven,

Where God's holy angels in harmony dwell,

And tenderly take to their hearts the forgiven,

Whose griefs on the earth echoed deep their death-knell.

O, darling!

sweet messenger to us of glory,

And peace and heart's ease in this life of distress!

Thou hast surely descended to tell us the story

Of Heavenly peace, and of God's will to bless!

And did you not find, 'mid the splendors of Heaven

One dear little face, bright and pure as your own?

Oh, say!

did you see her?

Our hearts were all riven To part with our loved one, though heavenward flown.

On earth, little cherub, she ne'er saw nor loved you;

Her eyes never smiled upon thee but above.

But in Heaven she saw you and deeply she loved you,

And sent us a message of faith, hope and love.

Oh, e'er may that message, so welcome and hopeful,

Be brightly engraved on our hearts deepest core!

God help us to walk in the light of His Gospel,

And meet thee, dear Annie, to part nevermore!

O, Annie!

O, Annie!

My heart's cords are bleeding!

The joy of my spirit is woefully ill;

I call thee aloud in my pain, but, unheeding,

The tomb where thou slumberest is mournfully still.

I call thee!

I call thee!

Oh, but for one vision, One glimpse of the dear little face

I so love!

One smile, or one look, or one word of Elysium,

Of rest and of peace in the mansions above!

Oh, darling, I call Dost thou smile at my folly, And deem me of mortals the weakest that breathe?

Doth smile where my heart in its sad melancholy

Forgetteth the hope that religion doth weave?

Ah, no, I forget not! but griefs overcome us,

And bury us deep 'neath their swift surging foam;

And little one! loved one! my heart sorely yearneth

To rest on thy breast and be called to thy home.

But I must still wander in darkness, though weary;

My book's not been read till the last leaf was turned,

God grant that my footsteps, though earth may be dreary,

May not become lost e'er life's lesson be learned

Then sister, sweet sister, in mansions of glory

Thy dearly loved form once again

I'll enfold And, sweet little brother, thy beautiful story

In rapture and love will be brightly re-told.

Ruby Lamont.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, August, 1885.

FOURTH AND TWENTY-FOURTH.

There is no more certain evidence of the ultimate failure of the present anti- "Mormon"crusade than that afforded by the untruths its promoters resort to in keeping it going.

The incident of July fourth—the half masting of the flags—was reported by them throughout the country as an act of disloyalty and insult to the nation.

It was made to appear to the wilfully ignorant press and public that the "Mormon"people had taken the occasion of the national holiday to make a studied assault upon the prevailing sentiment of rejoicing, and to place themselves in an attitude of antagonism to the institutions of the country.

The writers of the despatches conveying this idea knew they were lying.

Their purpose was to keep alive the bitter prejudice against the "Mormons,"and they did not hesitate for that end to exaggerate and misrepresent the occurrence.

They followed their report of it with wild, atrocious predictions of disturbance to occur on the twenty-fourth—Pioneer day—and succeeded so far in their wicked misrepresentations as to get an order from the President of the United States, to hold the military of the western department in readiness, to quell the expected riot.

That this fraudulent report should be received with credence by the Chief Executive and acted upon without investigation, reminds us of Judge Drummond's report to President Buchanan in 1856, which being similarly received and acted upon involved the government in a campaign from which it retired at great expense of fame and money.

And, be it remembered, it retreated from an inglorious assault upon a peaceful, well disposed and law abiding people, into a conflict of the most awful and bitter nature that ever characterized civil war.

One would think that the former experience would suffice and that men in high places would hesitate before letting the howling of their carpetbag representatives utterly distract them, in dealing with this question and people.

The intention of the "Mormon"people to celebrate Pioneer day, and the manner in which the celebration would be conducted, were known, being publicly advertised and following a precedent of several years standing.

It was certainly not to be a very belligerent demonstration—only a Sunday school jubilee.

Yet upon the vicious, mischievous report of the contemplated celebration and the action of the

President there might have been precipitated a conflict, in this city, that would have wrought the greatest evil.

It was no fault of the uneasy clamorers here, that such was not the case.

It was their secret hope and the encouragement they derived from their success in inveigling the President into their preposterous scheme was manifested among them.

But they were doomed to disappointment.

Again, as so often in the past, was the Providence of God exhibited in thwarting the schemes of the enemies of His people.

It was easy for them to say that the flags should not be hung at half-mast on the twenty-fourth, in Salt Lake City.

There was nothing to indicate that any body contemplated mourning on that day.

But it was also easy for Him who seeth not as man seeth to ordain that the maligners of His people should mourn with them, and the flags were half-masted on the twenty-fourth.

It was eminently proper that the "Mormon"people should signify to the nation, in the most effective way possible to reach the eye, ear and heart of the nation, that they mourned for departed liberty on the national holiday, and sorrowed for the outrages committed

FAST RAILWAY TRAVELING.

upon American freemen and the institutions of our country by her representatives here.

It was and is true that they mourn for departed liberties and they had the perfect right to say so in whatever way they chose.

None could have been more effective, under the prevailing- circumstances, to reach the thoughtful minds of our country.

The false alarm created by the half-drunken crowd of malcontents and heralded by the wholly drunken agent of the associated press, had the effect of giving the circumstance wider publicity; and the false-color in which it appeared awakened an interest that could not have been excited by other means.

Out of the momentary indignation that was thus made to sweep across the land a better understanding of the Conflict here will surely be given to many, and that is the main thing necessary to accomplish.

When the truth is known of the "Mormon"people, it will be discovered that there is nothing in this nation too good for them; that they are the most deserving of political, religious and social recognition and applause, and that they have been the unoffending objects of hatred to malicious and evil minded men, who have persecuted them under cover of the law.

Sometime these facts will be known and must be considered by our nation.

But that a general and correct understanding of the situation here may be realized, something more than the petitions and protests of our people, it appears, must be resorted to.

The memorials to Congress, petitions to the President, publications of the newspapers and personal appeals of our representatives at Washington, have all been quietly ignored.

They appear to have not been heard or read.

They have been treated with the greatest indifference and contempt.

In view of this the incident of the Fourth was a fortunate one, and we would be a happy people if such demonstrations would suffice to publish our abuses and cause those whose duty it is to protect us in our rights, to reflect upon and consider the treatment we are receiving.

Our people have never lost, but have always gained by the truth.

When honest men have investigated the "Mormon"question thoroughly, it has always made them friends of the "Mormon"people, and though the light comes though the clouds of a warlike demonstration, as in earlier days, it cannot fail to work a benefit, rather than an injury, to those whose cause is just.

FAST RAILWAY TRAVELING.

An article on English and American railways in the current "Harpers'"awakens new interest in the much vexed question of the relative speed attained on railways in England and in this country.

Popular ideas on the speed of railway trains- are of the vaguest description.

Sixty miles an hour is generally supposed to be the speed attained by the well-known English trains, the "Wild Irishman,""Flying Dutchman"and"Flying

Scotchman,"while the Chicago "Limited"is assumed to be but little if any behind.

As a matter of fact, there is not a train in the world which has a schedule speed of a mile a minute, nor anything like it, unless we are to accept the statement of a correspondent of one of the morning papers, in which he claims the blue ribbon of speed for a train run by the London and Northwestern Railway from London to Aberdeen.

This train, which is known as the "Postal,"is said to make seven hundred miles between the two places at an average speed of fifty-three miles an hour.

But-ihe writer rather discredits his own statement, by making the ridiculous assertion that this train in running down "Shopfell,"a point on the line in Scotland, regularly makes nine miles in three minutes, in other words, at a speed of one hundred and eighty miles an hour.

The "Wild Irishman"by no means deserves that distinction, for it is the slowest of all the English "flyers."It carries the Irish mails to Holyhead at an average speed for its short runs of but forty and six-tenth miles an hour.

The "Flying Dutchman"is still slower, taking its run to begin at Paddington Station, London, and ending at Penzance, three hundred and twenty-five

FAST RAILWAY TRAVELING.

and three-quarter miles away.

Its speed for that distance is only thirty miles an hour.

It will be fair, though, to consider that its run ends at Exeter, one hundred and ninety-three and three-quarter miles from London.

It leaves London at 11.45 a. m., arriving at Exeter four and a quarter hours later, an average of about forty-five and one-half miles.

Its rival, the "Flying Scotchman,"leaves King's Cross Station, London, at 10 a. m., and dashes into the Waverly Station, Edinburgh, at 7 p. m., taking nine hours to do the distance of three hundred and ninety-six and one-quarter miles.

Its average speed for the whole distance is thus but forty-four miles per hour.

Its highest speed is that made on the return trip from Grantham to London, one hundred and five and one-half miles.

It leaves Grantham at 4.17, arriving at London at 6.15.

This is at the rate of fifty-three and two-third miles an hour, and is the highest authenticated speed in the world.

The nearest approach to it is the average of fifty-three and fifteen-hundredths, made by the "Dutchman"in its run from

London to Swindon.

The only train in America at all approaching the "Scotchman's"record is the famous four o'clock express on the Pennsylvania Railroad between New York and Philadelphia.

This train leaves Jersey City at 4.13 p.

m., and, after stopping at Trenton and Germantown

Junction, rolls into Powelton Avenue depot, Philadelphia, at 6.10 p. m.

The distance is eighty-eight and threetenth miles, the time being one hour and forty-eight minutes, and the speed averaging fifty-one and one-half miles per hour. Taking into consideration the fact that through Newark, Trenton, and other large towns, the speed must be reduced to something like fifteen miles an hour, this, as a feat, is far superior to the "Scotchman's"run of one hundred and eighty-nine miles, at forty-eight miles per hour.

Coming to the "Limiteds"between New York and Chicago, we find two trains under that name; the one run by the Pennsylvania, the other by the New York Central.

They are both advertised to reach Chicago in twenty-four hours, and they do so apparently.

Their actual schedule time is twenty-five hours, for Chicago time is nearly one hour slower than New York time—exactly that under the standard time schedule.

The distance by the Pennsylvania is nine hundred and twelve miles.

At a time rate of twentyfive hours, this indicates an average speed of thirty-six and one-half miles an hour.

The Central train, with a distance of nine hundred and seventyseven miles to travel, takes the same time.

Its average speed is therefore thirty-nine and one-tenth miles.

The "Limited"on the Central has also the distinction of making the longest regular run without a stop, in its flight from New York to Albany, one hundred and forty-two miles, at forty-two and onehalf miles an hour.

The second longest is that from Grantham to London, in England, one hundred and five miles.

There are many isolated instances of high speed made by special trains, but it is evident that these cannot fairly enter into the problem.

"The World"special runs to Boston in five hours, a distance of two hundred and twenty-nine miles, with an average speed of forty-five and four-fifth miles, a very creditable record, considering the crookedness of the road and the stops.

A week or so ago, a special ran over the West Shore Road from Buffalo to New York, four hundred and twenty-five miles, in actual running time of eight hours and seventeen minutes.

In the run from East Buffalo to Jenesee Junction, one mile, as timed with a stop-watch, was made in fortyfive seconds, an hour speed of seventyfive miles.

The writer is of course aware that to obtain an average of forty-eight miles an hour, the traditional mile-a-minute speed must be had and is frequently exceeded, but no train runs to-day that ever pretends to make that rate on schedule time.

It is not flattering to our national pride, but it is useless to deny that the English trains are still far ahead of us in point of speed.

This is due, of course, to the greater care bestowed on the road beds, the absence of grade crossings, and a num-

MOUNT nrGKEGOR.

ber of small details that count when minutes mean miles.

One American exploit has never been equaled—indeed it could not be—in England.

That was the run of the Jarrett & Palmer special train from San Francisco to New York, several years ago.

Its average for the distance of nearly three thousand miles was about forty-five miles an hour.

MOUNT M'GREGOR.

From a well-informed article in Harper's Magazine, we learn that Mount McGregor is ten miles north of Saratoga

Springs, and is the highest peak south of the Hudson, of the Palmertown range of mountains, the outermost of the five ranges traversing from north to south the wilderness of northern New York.

Several years ago Mr. Duncan McGregor purchased the mountain, to which he gave his own name, and undertook its reclamation from the primeval wilderness.

He built a winding carriage-road up its rugged sides, erected a comfortable house on its summit, and invited summer visitors at Saratoga Springs to drive out and examine his view.

Many accepted the invitation;

but the drive was long and tedious, and Mount McGregor did not attain the popularity to which its unrivaled situation gives it claim.

In 1882 the property passed into the hands of a company of wealthy gentlemen, who conceived the idea of locating their summer cottages on its breezy heights, and of erecting on its very summit a magnificent hotel, which should form the nucleus of their elevated

Arcadia. To make a railroad to the summit a thousand men were set to work hewing a road-bed from the solid rock on the mountain side, bridging wide gorges, and constructing embankments, for which they had to scrape the scanty covering of earth from acres of rocky ledges.

In ninety days from the time the first spadeful of earth was upturned the road was finished, and cars were running to the summit of the mountain.

The Saratoga, Mount McGregor and Lake George Railway is a narrowgauge track, laid on a broad-gauge road-bed, of which all the trestles are calculated to support the heaviestladen trains of standard gauge and weight.

The eastern lookout for the mountain, which is that of the Balmoral Hotel on the very summit, is over fifty miles ot the Hudson Valley, covered with its farm lands and clumps of dark woods, gleaming here and there with bits of water, and stretching away to a distant back-ground on the Green Mountains in Vermont.

Far to the southward Saratoga Lake sparkles in the sunlight, and the opposite horizon is bounded by mountains cradling the waters of Lake George.

In the immediate fore-ground the various greens of cultivated field and standing timber offer rich contrasts to the deep red of the barns and pure white of the farm houses which dot the landscape.

From the foot of the mountains extending northeasterly across the valley as far as the eye can see, is the southerly askew line of the twentysecond allotment of Kayaderossera Patent surveyed in 1770, and easily traced by the growth of bushes along its fences and walls. A few miles to the east, and very plainly visible, rises the battle monument of Old Saratoga (Schuylerville), marking the scene of Burgoyne's surrender.

Three miles from this point of view the mountain terminates in an abrupt headland known as the Western lookout, the view from which is overwhelming in its grandeur as the visitor emerges from the forest and is suddenly confronted by it. A thousand feet below him the Hudson, a brawling mountain stream, laughs and tumbles down its foam-flecked bed of rocks.

Its course is choked by thousands of saw-logs working their troubled way from distant forests to their destined mills and lumber yards.

Close beyond

HISTORICAL RECORD.

the river, and extending back, range upon range, until lost in the purple distance, rise the tumultuous mountains, awful in their unbroken solitude and grand in their towering might.

The heaviest forest growth covering the summit of Mount McGregor is intersected in all directions by roads and paths leading to points of observation, to the several lakes that nestle in the hollows, and to other places of interest.

Of the lakes the largest and most beautiful is the Bonita, a mile west of the hotel, and reached by a heavily-shaded wood road.

The lake is encircled by forest-clad hills, and on its sparkling surface rest a number of the curious floating islands or bogs common to most

Adirondack lakes.

They are covered with sphagnous mosses, which late in the season rival the autumn foliage of the trees in the richness and beauty of their red, yellow and purple tints.

The deep coves of the lake offer delicious landing places of moss-carpeted rock, almost hidden in the dark cool shade.

It is well stocked with fish.

Although Mount McGregor is but thirteen hundred feet above Saratoga, this elevation is sufficient to insure a wonderful lowering of temperature. Cool breezes always sweep across its summit;

the night is rare on which a blanket is not a comfortable addition to the bed-clothing, and the cheerful wood fires that occasionally blaze on the hearths during evenings and early mornings of July and August days are very welcome.

Since General Grant's last home was upon the mountain, its fame will forever make it an attractive resort, which thousands of all nations will visit.

The Pin Machine.—It is about the height and size of a lady's sewing machine, only much stronger.

On the side at the back a light belt descends from a long shaft in the ceiling that drives all the machines, ranged in rows on the floor.

On the left side of the machine hangs on a peg a reel of wire that has been straightened by running through a compound system of small rollers.

The wire descends, and the end enters the machine.

This is the food comsumed by this voracious little dwarf.

He pulls it in and bites it off by inches incessantly—one hundred and forty bites to the minute.

Just as he seizes each bite, a little hammer, with a concave face, hits the end of the wire three times, "upsets"it to a head, while he grips it in a countersunk hole between the teeth.

With an outward thrust with his tongue he then lays the pin sideways in a little groove across the rim of a small wheel that slowly revolves. By the external pressure of a stationary hoop these pins roll in their places as they are carried under two series of small files, three in each.

These files grow finer toward the end of the series.

They lie at a slight inclination on the pins, and a series of cams, levers and springs are made to play like lightning.

Thus the pins are dropped in a little shower in a box.

Twenty- eight pounds are a day's work for one of these jerking automatons.

The machines reject all crooked pins.

HISTORICAL RECORD.

AUGUST.

i.

1846—The main portion of the "Mormon"Battalion arrived at Fort Leavenworth.

1852—A small branch of the Church was organized at Hamburg, Germany, by Daniel Cam.

—N.

Wilhelmsen, President of the Scandinavian Mission, died in Copenhagen, Denmark.

He was the first and only Utah Elder who has died in

Scandinavia.

1882—The first number of the Utah Journal was issued in Logan, Cache County.

2.

1831—As a commencement for the building of Zion in Jackson County, Missouri, the first log for a house was laid in Kaw District, and the land dedicated for the gathering of the Saints.

3.

1492—Christopher Columbus sailed

HISTORICAL RECORD.

on board the Maria to discover the new world.

1831—The temple site in Jackson County, Missouri, was dedicated.

1844—Sidney Rigdon, arrived in Nauvoo, Illinois, from Pennsylvania.

1847—The survey of Great Salt Lake City was commenced.

1874—A desperate attempt was made by the "Liberals"of Salt Lake City to get possession of the polls of election.

1879—The funeral services of Elder Joseph Standing were held in Salt Lake City, his body having been brought home from Georgia.

4.

1704—Gibralter, Spain, was taken by the English.

1831—The fifth /conference of the Church and the first in the land of Zion, was held in Kaw District, Jackson County, Missouri.

1879—Elders George Q. Cannon, A.

Carrington and B.

Young, executors of the late President Brigham Young's estate were confined in the Penitentiary for alleged contempt of court.

5.

70—The Temple in Jerusalem was burned by Titus.

1850—The present site of Manti, Sanpete County, was settled.

1861—Paul A. Schettler and Van Der Woude, arrived as missionaries to Rotterdam, Holland.

Joseph A. Young, died in Manti, Sanpete County, Utah.

6.

1S3S—Persecutions were renewed against the Saints in Missouri, at the election in Gallatin, Daviess County.

1842—Joseph Smith prophesied that the Saints would be driven to the Rocky Mountains. 1844—Apostles B.

Young, H. C. Kimball, L. Wight, O.

Hyde, O.

Pratt and W.

Woodruff, arrived in Nauvoo,from their missions to the east.

7.

1831—The first funeral took place in the land of Zion, Jackson County,

Missouri, being the interment of Polly Knight, wife of Joseph Knight,

Sen.

1841—Don Carlos Smith, youngest brother of the Prophet Joseph, died at Nauvoo, Illinois.

8.

1839—John Taylor and W. Woodruff, started from Nauvoo, on their missions to England.

1842—Joseph Smith was arrested by requisition of Governor Reynolds, of Missouri, falsely accused of being accessory to the shooting of ex-Governor

Boggs.

1844—At a large meeting held in Nauvoo, Illinois, the Twelve

Apostles were acknowledged as the head of the Church after the Prophet's death.

9.

1831—Joseph Smith, Jun., in company with ten Elders, left Independence, Missouri, for Kirtland, Ohio.

1879—Secretary W. H. Evarts, issued his famous letter to foreign powers about "Mormon"emigration.

10.

1848—The Saints in Great Salt Lake Valley celebrated their first harvest in the valley by a feast.

11.

1658—Carl Gustaf, of Sweden, commenced his noted siege of Copenhagen, Denmark.

12.

1850—Fifteen persons were baptized by ErastusSnow, at Copenhagen, as the first fruits of preacMng the Gospel in Denmark.

1870—A discussion commenced in Salt Lake City between Orson Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, on the question Does the Bible sanction polygamy?

It lasted three days.

1872—General James A.

Garfield, visited Salt Lake City.

1875—A band of peaceable Indians were driven from their grain fields and lodges on Bear River by United

States authorities.

13.

1S46—Three companies of the "Mormon"Battalion left Fort Leavenworth for the west.

1853—The first number of Ziorts Watchman was published at Sydney, Australia, by Augustus Farnham.

14.

1814—Denmark yielded to the secession of Norway to Sweden.

15.

1769—Napoleon I, was born on the island of Corsica he died at St.

Helena, 1821.

1771—Sir Walter Scott, noted Scotch author, was born in Edinburgh;

he died 1832.

1792—Edward Irving, founder of the 'denomination bearing his name, was born in Scotland;

he died 1834.

1854—The walls around the Temple block in Salt Lake City were dedicated.

44© HISTORICAL RECORD.

16.

1534—The Jesuit Order was founded by Ignatius Loyola.

17.

1S80—A stately monument was erected on the grave of Joseph Standing, in the Salt Lake City Cemetery.

18.

1882—The Utah Commission, appointed under the provisions of the

Edmunds law, arrived in Salt Lake City.

19.

1646—James Flamsteed, renowned English astronomer, was born in Derby; he died 1719.

20.

1838—Elder Willey, traveling in the

Seventies camp from Kirtland, Ohio, to Missouri, was miraculously healed from a violent attack of evil spirits.

1842—Amasa M. Lyman, was ordained to the Apostleship, at Nauvoo.

Christina Nilsson, the renowned Swedish dramatic singer, was born in

Smaaland, Sweden.

21.

1809—Apostle C. C. Rich, was born in Campbell County, Kentucky.

1853—Elder Willard Snow died on board the steamer Transit on the German ocean, while on a mission to

Scandinavia.

22.

1828—John Joseph Gall, the phrenologist, died near

Paris, France; he was born 1758.

23.

1846—Colonel James Allen, commander of the "Mormon"Battalion, died at Fort Leavenworth.

24.

79—Herculaneum and Pompeii, two ancient Italian cities, were destroyed by a sudden outburst of Mount Vesuvius.

1672—The murder of about thirty thousand Huguenots, known as the massacre of St. Bartholomew, took place in France.

25.

1850—The Sacrament was administered for the first time by Latter-day

Saints in Copenhagen, Denmark.

The first ordination to the Priesthood there, also took place at the same time.

1883—Bishop Andrew Burt was killed in Salt Lake City, and his murderer, a negro, lynched by the enraged populace.

26.

1847—The return company from the Pioneer camp left Great Salt Lake Valley for Winter Quarters.

I86o—Geo. Q. Cannon was ordained one of the Twelve Apostles.

Ground was broken for the Utah Northern Railway at Brigham City.

2 7- 1793—Bishop Edward Partridge was born in Pittsfield, Berkshire County,

Massachusetts.

1831—Joseph Smith, Jun., arrived in Kirtland, Ohio, from his first visit to Missouri.

—The first number of the Mountaineer was published in Great Salt Lake City.

28.

1849—Captain H.

Stansbury and party of surveyors arrived in Great Salt Lake Valley.

1850—Ogden City was located by President Brigham Young.

1870—Martin Harris, one of the three witnesses of the Book of

Mormon, arrived in Salt Lake City\ 29.

1839—P.

P.

Pratt, O.

Pratt and Hyrum Clark, started from Nauvoo,

Illinois, on their missions to England.

1852—The revelation on celestial marriage was first made public.

1877—President Brigham Young died at his residence, Salt Lake City.

30.

1870—The battle of Beaumont, between the French and Prussians took place.

31.

1844—Brigham Young, was elected

Lieutenant-General of the Nauvoo Legion, and C. C. Rich, Major General.

Andrew Jenson.

Hot Summers.—Italian sources give the annexed list of hot summers as recorded in history and modern records:

In 627, the heat was so great in France and Germany that the springs were dried up, water failed, and many persons died of thirst.

In 879, the fields were forsaken by the laborers.

Those who persisted in working were killed by sunstroke.

In 933, vegetation was burnt up by the heat of the sun as by fire.

In 1000, the rivers were dried up, and masses of fish were left in a state of putrefaction, which brought on a pestilence.

In 1022, men and beasts, when exposed to the sun, fell down and died.

In 1132, not only were the rivers dried up, but the soil cracked and became as hard as stone.

In Alsace, the Rhine was almost dry.

In 1139, the heat was such in Italy that all plants were roasted.

We have a few Bound Volumes of the CONTRIBUTOR FOR SALE.

rite px 12.50.

SEND FOR THEM.

Best in the World.

A Beautiful Picture given with every pack age.

Sold by 7..

C. M. L, Salt Lake City.

6%PoA*9n.e 0<ne.„_0n/y JD?i£ty <3cefiw& ^//r^-p l^C'o€tc»n.e ~0€l$_.

3Vo/«*ne ^^..JtGr/te ^t*6cfi*> WPoiu » CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE, 40 Main St.

COAL! COAL! COAL!

Tlxe CeleTora-ted.

Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, Charcoal, Coke, Pig Iron, Wood.

SEND YOUR ORDERS TO SELLS, BTJETOIT &Z CO„145 Main St., Next Door to Barratt Bros.

Telephone 211.

GET YOUR TICKETS EAST -VIABio Kranm Bailtat The Scenic Route of America.

QUICK TIME, SAFE and PLEASANT CARS.

8@T"Close Connections with all Points East and South.

OFFICE:

Cor. East Temple aufl Second M Sts., Salt Lake City.

,i;!'(3!?%'ELIAS MORRIS, I In relation to I"The people of Utah are sensibly united in perfering those made at Z.

C. I 1. FACTORY, Salt Lake City.

g^"Look f»r the grand. *"@g jiS. lii ','lM Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and CONTRACTOR, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES & CO., Timbers, Tinners, Gas and Steam Fitters.

Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes,

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main St.

Dr. Seymour B. Young, E Office and Residence, 4th East

St., betwfiftti South TVmplfl and 1st South Stsi.

ARDY ROS. A?

URTON, General 3^dIerclia,rLd.ise.

TEA WAREHOUSE, OPPOSITE Z. C. M.

I.

ESTABLISHED

187©.

^P GOPJpitTOR.^ ANNOUNCEMENT FOR VOLUME SEVEN.

The publisher of the Contributor takes 'pleasure in announcing to its numerous readers and the public generally, some of the leading features of the new volume which commences in October.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

Arrangements have been made, at great expense, to illustrate a series of articles on the Persecutions of the Latter-day Satnts in Missouri, with scenes of the most interesting events.

Photographs of these scenes (from which pen and ink sketches have been made by Dan Weggeland, Esq) voere taken by our own representative, Elder B. H. Roberts, ivho visited the places for that purpose, and descriptions of them will be written by him.

They will include the following:

Temple Site at Jackson County. Mo.

(The Centre Ctake of Zion), SBattle Scene at ('rooked Kiver (Where Apostle David Patten fell*, House of the Prophet Joseph at Far West,

Haun'S Mill (Scene of the massacre),

The Mouth of Fishing ISiver (Scene of the steamboat explosion), liiberty Jail (Where Joseph and six others were imprisoned),

Auasn-Olldi-AllJlian (Showing relics of the ancient altar), jLyinan Wight's House, at the Valley of Oiahman, liehmoml Court House and.Jail-

A/so a FULL FACE PORTRAIT of JOSEPH SMITH, the PROPHET.

Great care is being taken to have these views carefully engraved, and to present them and the narrative of the thrilling incidents, which they illustrate, in the most authentic manner, that they may be, not only of immediate interest, but of permanent value to the students of Church History.

In this connection we desire to procure the names of all living Saints who passed through that period of our people's history, viz:

1831 to 1840, and will send the Magazine Free for One Year to the head of each family who will send us their names, places and times of birth, period spent in Missouri, and brief account of experiences there with their present address.

The new volume will be replete ivith the usual variety of original matter, from the pens of our best local writers, embracing numerous sketches of travel, biographies, religious, political, scientific, historical and narrative contributions, Christmas Stories, Poetry, etc., etc.

Subscription:

TWO DOLLARS a Year, in Advance.

BOUND VOLUMES $2.50 Volumes Bound for subscribers J, Fifty ^ents each.

N. B.—Any Subscriber for Volume Seven, paying $2.25 in advance, will receive the Magazine for a year, and have it bound Free at the end of the volume.

Address:

.:.

JUNIUS F.

WELLS, 40 EAST TEMPLE STREET, I SAL,T L/ARMS city.

GRANT. ODELl & CO J (Incorporated April ist, 1885.) Capital Stock, $100,000.00.

Fully Paid Up, $60,000.00.

Heber J. Grant, President, Joshua F. Grant, Vice-President, George T. Odell, Secretary and Treasurer.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

Heber J. Grant, F. M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Abram Hatch, Joshua F. Grant, Orson A. Woolley, George T. Odell.

tUFhe Bomfoany ii nam jwefoaved to conduct a moil extensive and bofadw llade in Thtgoni, @ain®£el>, c?awn dlmfolemenli, Sic, and dmecli attention to the following mell'knomn and unexcelled line ofgoodi:

THE CELEBRATED P II DIN QUI KY PI HU/ Tlie Only Single Lever Self-Leveling

UlLrm OULIVI rLUWW, SULKY PLOW Made.

WALTER A. WOODS HARVESTERS, MASSILON THRESHERS, GALE HAND PLOWS AND HAY RAKES.

California Concord Harness, Buffalo Barbed Wire,—

and General Agricultural Supplies.

GRANT, ODELL & CO., Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.