The Glory of God is Intelligence.

No.

2.

) NOVEMBER, IMS, I VOL. VII <9Y}€, i n ••t* EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WELLS

StklLIC X»AK)e CXTY, U«X»A)H.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

-CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER, 1885.

PAGE.

The Missouri Persecutions.

II B. H. Robeits Majorities R. W.

Young.

California Memories.

VIII....Augusta Joyce Crocheron....

Logan Temple Lectures.

Language and English Li'er Uure

W. H. Apperley The Journey of a Day Samuel Johnson El Emperador Boston Herald „....

John Ru^kin and his Home.....Selected Editorial:

SocialPurity Hatred Moses Thatcher Anecdote of Josh Billings The Falling Star •F9^> LATH, SHIM, MULDM, DOORS. WINDOW SUNOS,

GO TO THE j>».

""'""«v, £ Stairs, Count:::, Store Fronts, Hardwood

Mantles, Etc., to Order,—- o-lf Bloci: Solatia, of "O". C- "53..

ZEB. ICe^oot.

^3 (0 ^3

ilia »w THEY ARE THE BEST.

tm>® V® W BMSsm L*&:&AJB33 C3r^ WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, ROOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS -AND ALD KINDS OF- BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

'« '•tWISf P'Aft 6- »'T<ETjy*»IJ*- A> 'Wall Papers, Feathers, Baby Carriages, WHOLESf'.E AND RETAIL.

y§g/l Jivmy jdmwoodetfj^o s, 1237'TO FIRST SOUTH STREET, Cartful attention given Orders by MaiL

SALT LAKE GITY.

William Sanders, Manacer.

vvvvvwvvvvvvv yrvvvrvvv jrmii[h, OFFERS A FULL LINE OF WHOLESALE AND RETAIL, rubral Merchandise Ao/^ «w/ ShoeA, H MEN'S YOUTHS'and BOYS'CLOTHING.

OME-MADE, AND BEST IMPORTED MAKES.

Champion Monitor, Charter Oak, and other

Heating and Cooking STOVES.

School and blank ebooks, stationery, Ink, Etc., etc.

r*m JStinlt TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN?£& nan The Largest Sale of any Tobacco in the World.

TOR PLEASURE, <$MF$RT,HEALT"SMOKE THE.

MANUFACTURED ONLY BY W.T,Bli&CK\tfEIJi s Co.

PI)RHflM,H.C For Sale by all the Stores of the Z. C. M.

I.

COAL! COAL!

it ^fcjtfP ^fc^ ff^^L ffiSBO) Tlie OeleTorated.

Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, Charcoal, Coke, Pig Iron-, Wood.

SEND YOUR ORDERS TO SELLS, B-CnSTOIN"CO,, 145 Main St., Next Door to Barratt Bros.

Telephone 211.

GET YOUR TICKETS EAST VIAilEMTER & Rio Crahde Bailway,

The Scenic Route of America.

QUICK TIME, SAFE and PLEASANT GARS.

86T"Close Connections with all Points East and South.

OFFICE:

Cor. East Temple S Semfl South % Salt Late

City;ooli In relation to 'I he people of Utah', are sensibly united',, in preJeriiig- those & made at imif Z.

G.

M.

1.

'r SALT LAKE CITY.

Look'for the Brand.

ELIAS MORRIS, ai Miieim Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and CONTRACTOR, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Dr. Seymour B. Yonng, Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

DAVID JAMES & CO., Elumbers, Tinners, Gas and Steam Titters.

Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes,.a.:£t:d sheet?

Xj33.a_:d.

Office and Work Shop, 67 add 6& MOM St.

Toy Trunks, Saratoga Trunks, %aUa§liw Sample Trunks, Imitation Leather Trunks, Repairing, a Specialty.

Sole Leather Trunks.

Crystalmejrunks.

Canvas] runkr, Steamer Trunks TRUNKS_ Etc ±. L JL*!* £* JL JL MAIN STREET, iSwnfcie 0a6e6, Jwrnity Ba&tS, £kj/uot Bxk&q$, <jFeie6wfo JBa&vi, a3a$£ und Sukheli, SxM £wthw YaiM,

Sic.

D?. O. BOX *766.

JokCfalBf^Bfo., Agents for PROVO MFG.

CO.'S ooUn looif.

Cassimeres, Tweeds, Flannels, Linseys, Yarns, etc., ME MASS CLOTHE, READY MADS, Salt Lake City.

Best in the World.

A Beautiful Picture given with every package.

Sold by Z.

C. M. L, Salt Lake City.

INSURE your homes.

For about ONE CENT a day you can save one thousand dollars in case of FIRE.

H, J, SMI CO,

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VII.

NOVEMBER, 1885.

No.

2.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

11.

In our first number we related the circumstance of the arrival of Joseph Smith and his associates in Jackson County, Missouri; and also of the arrival of the Colesville branch of the Church;

of their commencing a settlement in Kaw township, some twelve miles west of Independence; of their dedicating the land as a gathering place for the Saints, and a lot on which to build a temple.

On the fourth of August, a conference was held at the house of Joshua Lewis;

among the Colesville Saints; and about this time a number of revelations "were given in which the Lord made known His will to His servants and gave His reasons for calling them to that land.

Those reasons were:

That the Lord's servants might give to Him a witness of their obedience;

That they might have the honor of laying the foundation of Zion;

That they might bear record in all their travels hereafter, where the city of Zion shall stand;

That the testimony of these things might go forth from "the City of the heritage of God."*

The Lord commanded the Saints to purchase lands in Jackson County,to the extent that they were able; and for the better accomplishment of this object, Sidney Gilbert was appointed agent for the Church to purchase lands.

Having accomplished these things, the

Elders, except Edward Partridge and a few others whom the Lord selected to settle permanently in Missouri, were commanded to return to their homes, bearing record by the way of what had been revealed.

* Doctrine and Covenants, Section 58, 1-13.

The Saints and Elders who remained in the land of Zion, began the work of building up permanent homes.

They had arrived too late to raise crops that season, but they cut hay for their cattle, and prepared some ground for cultivation. The fall and winter were occupied in building log cabins; and through the long, cold winter the Saints cheerfully submitted to all kinds of inconveniences, such as several families living in an open, unfinished log room, without windows, and nothing but the frozen ground for a floor, their food consisting mostly of beef and a little bread, made of coarse corn meal, manufactured by rubbing the ears of corn on a tin grater.

The spirit of peace, union, and love, however, was in their midst, and at their prayer meetings, and in their family worship, they were blessed with many seasons of refreshing from the presence of the Lord.

Thus the winter of 1831 passed away.

As soon as the churches scattered abroad learned that the Lord had revealed the place where the City of Zion was to be built,preparations to purchase inheritances in the goodly land absorbed the minds of the faithful; and money was sent to the Church agent from all quarters to buy lands.

Edward Partridge had been appointed the bishop in Zion, and it was his duty to divide unto the Saints their inheritances*

As early as February, 1831, the Lord had said that those who loved Him would remember the poor.and consecrate of their * Doctrine and Covenants, Section 57, 7.

4 2 THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

property to sustain them, for in as much as they did it \o the poor, they did it unto Him; and that which was consecrated to the poor, should be imparted to them with a deed and a covenant that could not be broken; and every man was to be made a steward over his own property.* Their law of consecration and stewardship was as follows:

Every man was to consecrate his property to the bishop of the Church without reserve, with a covenant that could not be broken; and then he was to receive an inheritance back from the bishop—sharing equally with his brethren, according- to his family and circumstances—this inheritance being deededf to him by the bishop;! which inheritance then became his stewardship, upon which he was to improve according to the measure of wisdom he possessed;

every man being independent in his management of his stewardship.

By every man consecrating his property to the bishop, and then receiving back as his stewardship only sufficient for his support, there was a surplus left in the hands of the bishop to'be placed in the Lord's Storehouse.

Then if in the management of his stewardship, a man obtained more than was needful for his support, it, too, was put into the Lord's

Storehouse, and that, as 'well as the surplus first named, was to be used in giving inheritances to the poor; and in assisting the brethren in the improvement of their respective stewardships, as should be appointed by the High Council of the Church, and the bishop and his counselors.

|And thus the Saints were to be be made equal in temporal things as well as in things that are spiritual.

* Doctrine and Covenants, Section 42, 29-35.

t Doctrine and Covenants, Section 51, 4.

% For the form of conveyance used to secure to the bishop the property consecrated to the poor, and the form of deed securing stewardships, see O.

F.

Whitney's "Aaronic Priesthood,"Contributor, Vol. VI, No. 10.

Doctrine and Covenants, Section 42, 33, and verses 53-55II Doctrine and Covenants, Section 78.

The hearts of the Saints in Zion were made glad in the Spring of 1831, by a visit from their youthful Prophet and Sidney Rigdon, who had suffered much for the truth's sake, during the winter that had just past, at the hands of a furious mob in Ohio.

It was during this visit that Joseph was acknowledged by the Church and Priesthood in Zion, President of the High Priesthood.

It was on the occasion of this visit, too, that Joseph sought to so "organize the

Church that the brethren might, eventually, be independent of every incumbrance beneath the celestial kingdom, by bonds and covenants of mutual friendship, and mutual love."In a revelation given July, i83i,W.W.

Phelps was appointed a printer unto the

Church in the land of Zion. Accordingly a press and type were purchased, and in

June, 1832, the first number of a monthly paper was issued called the Evening and Morning Star.

As this was the first paper published by the Church, it may not be amiss to state the objects had in view in its establishment.

We learn from its prospectus that it was to be: "A messenger of truth; a harbinger of peace and good will; to bring good tidings of great joy to all people, but more especially to the house of Israel scattered abroad,telling them that the day of their redemption was near; to proclaim that the ensign to which all nations must come, in order to worship God acceptably, was set up; to declare that goodness consists in doing good, not merely teaching it; and to show that all men's religion is vain without charity; and as the paper was devoted to the great concerns of eternal things, and the gathering of the Saints, it would leave politics, broils, the gainsayings of the world, and many other matters for their proper channels."So rapidly did the Saints gather to Zion during this Summer that the Star for November reported eight hundred and thirty souls in the new settlements;

the Lord had blessed them both with food and with raiment, and there was plenty in Zion. A feeling of insubordination, however, existed among the

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

brethren of the Priesthood.

Seven High Priests had been appointed to preside over the affairs of the Church in Zion, viz., Oliver Cowdery, W. W.

Phelps, John Whitmer, Sidney Gilbert, Edward Partridge, Isaac Moreley, and John Corrill.

These brethren with the common consent of the several branches comprising- the Church in Missouri, were to appoint Elders to preside over the respective branches, and attend to all the affairs of the Church in that land.

But a number of those high priests and

Elders who went up to Zion, ignored the authority of the seven, who were placed there to preside, and began setting some of the branches in order without being appointed to do so; and it resulted in some confusion.

Others who went there sought to obtain inheritances in some other way than according to the laws of Consecration and Stewardships; and these things, together with jealousies, covetousness, lightmindedness, unbelief, and general neglect to keep the commandments of

God, enkindled the displeasure of the Almighty against Zion and her inhabitants.

This state of affairs coming to the knowledge of the Prophet Joseph, he wrote a letter to the Saints in Missouri, severely reproving them for their neglect to keep the commandments of God.

A council of High Priests appointed Hyrum Smith and Orson Hyde to write a letter of reproof and warning also, in which they cried, "Repent!

repent! or Zion must suffer, for the scourge and judgment must come upon her."These words of reproof and warning had the effect of awakening in the hearts of the Saints the spirit of repentance.

A solemn assembly was called at which a sincere and humble repentance was manifested.

A general epistle to the Church authorities in Kirtland, bearing date of twenty-sixth of February, 1833, was adopted at a conference of the Saints in Zion, expressing their repentance, and desires to keep the commandments of God in the future.

This was satisfactory to the brethren in Kirtland;

and the Lord said in a revelation given the eighth of March, that the brethren in Zion "began"to repent; and that the angels rejoiced over them.

Still there were many things with which the Lord was not well pleased, and He said that

He would contend with Zion, and plead with her strong ones, and chasten her until she overcome* The Spring of opened early in Western Missouri.

The streams, which had been so long locked up in ice, broke loose under the genial rays of the returning sun, and rushed madly on to swell the majestic current of the Missouri.

The winter snows early melted before the balmy breath of Spring, and grass, and flowers in rich profusion and of varied hue clothed the great rolling prairies of the West in their loveliest attire.

The forests along the watercourses early -put forth their tender buds, and the birds that had migrated to the South in the Autumn, to escape the severity of the Winter, joyfully returned to build their nests in the same old woods, and make the wilderness glad with their sweet songs.

All nature rejoiced, and the Saints who had gathered to that land to build up Zion rejoiced with her.

They had repented of the sins which had called forth the reproofs of the servants of their God:

and although there were some persons among them, with whom the Lord was not well pleased, yet they had received assurances from God that the angels rejoiced over them.

Under these auspicious circumstances eighty officials and a large number of the members of the Church, met at the Ferry on Big Blue, a small forest-lined stream a few miles west of Independence, for the service of God, and to be instructed in the things of eternal life.

Their conversation and discourses ranged over immense periods of time; extending back to that time when the morning stars sang together, and the sons of God shouted for joy, in anticipation of the blessings that would follow the creation of this earth.

They spoke of the cruel persecutions endured by the disciples of Jesus jn former ages, little dreaming that the time was at hand when they, too, would * Doctrine and Covenants, Section 90. 32-36.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

be required to endure like trials for the truth's sake—for the testimony of Jesus.

Their minds were absorbed in contemplating the future glory of Zion;

their souls were filled with joy unspeakable filled with that spirit which ages before caused men and angels to unite in singing, "Peace on earth; good will to man."

This occurred on the sixth of April, and was the first attempt of the Church to celebrate her birthday.

Three years before in the house of Peter Whitmer at Fayette, Seneca County, New

York, six persons met and agreed to accept Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery as their spiritual instructors.

Joseph then ordained Oliver an Elder in the Church of Christ, and then Oliver ordained Joseph.

The sacrament was administered, and the other brethren were confirmed members of the Church by the laying on of hands for that purpose, and for the reception of the Holy Ghost some prophesied, whilst all rejoiced exceedingly.

Such was the humble beginning of the Church as an organized body.

Three years later the Saints in Missouri were exclaiming, "How the Church had grown!

How much has been accomplished!"The Gospel had been preached in nearly all the States of the Union:

thousands had hailed the message with delight, and numerous branches of the Church had been established.

The place of the City of Zion had been revealed, and nearly a thousand of the Saints gathered there. A printing establishment had been founded, and the precious truths of heaven were being published to the world—and all this had been accomplished in the face of poverty and bitter opposition.

During the summer of 1833, a school for the Elders was organized in Zion, presided over by

Elder P. P. Pratt, who labored with all the zeal of an Apostle in teaching them the things of God.

They held their meetings in the shady groves—in "God's first temples,"and their instructor frequently walked several miles barefooted to meet with them—how strange it seems to record the above as occurring in this age!

It appears to be quite out of joint with the times; and smacks rather of that age in which John the Baptist preached the Gospel in the wilderness of Judea,clothed with camel's hair, and a girdle of a skin about his loins; and whose food was locusts and wild honey.

Some day, however, when a parallel shall be drawn between the introduction of the Gospel in this dispensation, and that in which John figured, it will appear that the men who have been chosen of the Lord in this age to perform

His work, possess the same simplicity of character as those whom He chose in Judea, eighteen hundred years ago—the same guileless honesty of purpose; the same child-like confidence in God; and the same unwavering fidelity to their Master's cause;—as willing to undergo privations—hunger and cold, and toil and nakedness;

as willing to endure the scorn and hatred of the world;

as willing to suffer bonds and even death.

The migration of the Saints to Missouri in the early summer of 1833, exceeded that of the previous season;

but they were settling among a ferocious set of mobbers, like lambs among wolves.

The "old settlers"of Jackson County were principally from the mountainous portions of the Southern States.

They had settled along the water-courses, and in the forests which covered their banks, instead of out on the broad and fertile pariries, which only required fencing to prepare them for cultivation.

It was the work of years to clear a few acres of the timber lands, and prepare them for cultivation,but with these small fields they were content.

They had no disposition to beautify their homes, or even make them convenient or comfortable.

They lived in their log cabins without windows, and very frequently without floors other than the ground; and the dingy smoked log walls were unadorned by pictures or other ornaments.

They were uneducated; those who could read or write being the exception and not the rule; and they had an utter contempt for the refinements of life.

It is needless to add that they were narrow minded, ferocious, and jealous of those who sought to obtain better homes, and who

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

aspired to something better in life than had yet entered into the hearts of these people.

There was another element m Western

Missouri which did not tend any to the improvement of its society.

It will doubtless be remembered that Western

Missouri was then the frontier of the United States, and therefore a place of refuge for those who had outraged the laws of society.

Here they were near the boundary line of the United States, and if pursued by the officers of the law in a few hours they could cross the line out of their reach, as the officers could not easily operate outside of their own nation.

These outcasts helped to give a more desperate complexion to the already reckless society in Missouri.

The Saints could not join the Missourians in their way of life—in Sabbath breaking, profanity, horse racing, idleness, drunkenness and debauchery.

They had been commanded to keep the

Sabbath day holy, to love the Lord with all their hearts, and to keep themselves unspotted from the sins of the world.

The fact of people having so little in common with each other was of itself calculated to beget a coldness and suspicion, which would soon ripen into dislike.

The Saints, too, had come, for the most part, from the Northern and New England States, and the sectional hatred that existed between the people of the slave-holding and free States,was manifested toward the Saints by their "southern"neighbors.

Moreover the old settlers were dear lovers of office, and the honors and emoluments growing out of it; and they greatly feared that the rapidly increasing Saints would soon outnumber them, and that the offices would be wrested from them.

Political jealousy is always cruel and unscrupulous; and is not slow to find excuses for destroying the object of its hatred.

To the politician as wellTas to the lover, "Trifles light as air, Are to the jealous confirmations strong

As proofs of Holy Writ."And where these "trifles"do not exist, we shall.see in the progress of our narrative that Sectarian meanness, and political jealousy do not hesitate to manufacture them.

As early as the Spring of 1832 there began to appear signs of an approaching storm.

In the deadly hours of night the houses of some of the Saints were stoned,the windows broken,and the inmates disturbed.

In the Fall of the same year a large quantity of hay in the stack belonging to the Saints was burned, houses shot into, and our people insulted with abusive language.

Then, in the month of April, 1833, the old settlers to the number of some three hundred met at Independence, to consult upon a plan for the destruction, or immediate removal of the "Mormons"from Jackson

County.

They were unable, however, to unite on any plan, and the mob becoming the worse for liquor, the affair broke up in a Missouri row.

The secret of their failure in accomplishing anything was this: A few of the brethren, learning that such a meeting was being held, met for secret prayer, and petitioned the Father to frustrate the plans of this ungodly mob, who were seeking their destruction.

The Lord, in view of the fact, doubtless that this people were partially repenting of the evils for which they had been reproved, in His mercy heard their prayers, and thwarted the designs of their enemies.

But the angry clouds of the threatened persecution had merely been drifted to one side—not altogether driven from the horizon, and in a few months they assumed a more threatening aspect than on their first appearance.

The sectarian priests inhabiting Jackson and the surrounding counties, were earnestly engaged in fanning the flames of prejudice, alread}'burning in the public mind.

The Rev.

Finis Ewing, the head and front of the Cumberland Presbyterian church,published this statement: "The 'Mormons'are the common enemies of mankind and ought to be destroyed."The Rev. Pixley, who had been sent out by the Missionary Society to Christianize the savages of the west, spent his time in going from house to house, seeking to destroy the Church by

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

spreading slanderous falsehoods, to incite the people to acts of violence.against the Saints.

Early in July, a document was in circulation known as a "Secret Constitution,"setting forth the alleged grievances of the mob, and binding all who signed it to assist in "removing the 'Mormons.'"

The document set forth the following:

The signers believed an important crisis was at hand in their civil society, because a pretended religious sect—the "Mormons"—had settled in their midst.

The civil lazu did not afford them a sufficient guarantee against the threatening evils, and therefore they had determined to rid themselves of the Mormons, 'peaceably if they could, forcibly if they must;'and for the better accomplishment of this object, they had organized themselves into a company pledging to each other their "bodily powers, their lives, fortunes, and sacred honors."The Saints are represented as being the very dregs of that society from which they came, as being poor, "idle, lazy and vicious;"and are also accused of claiming to receive direct revelation from God; to heal the sick by the laying on of hands; to speak in unknown tongues by inspiration; and, in short, "to perform all the wonder working miracles, wrought by the inspired apostles and prophets of

God;"all of which, the document claims, "is derogatory of God and religion, and subversive of human reason."The signers of this document also accuse the

Saints of sowing dissensions and inspiring seditions among their slaves.

They further charge that the "Mormons"had invited free people of color to settle in Jackson County; and states that the introduction of such a caste among their slaves, would instigate them to rebel against their masters, and to bloodshed.

The "Mormons"are also charged with having openly declared that God had given them the land of Jackson County;

and that sooner or later they would possess it as their inheritance.

The document then concludes by saying that if after timely warning, and receiving an adequate compensation for what property they could not take with them, the

Saints shall refuse to leave the county, such means as were necessary to remove them were to be employed; and calls a meeting of the signers to convene at the court-house in Independence on the twentieth of July, "to consult ulterior movements."* It may not be amiss here to notice the charges made against the Saints:

The statement made by the mob that the "civil law did not afford them a sufficient guarantee against the threatening evils"of which they complained, is good evidence that the Saints had violated none of their laws—it is an acknowledgement that they lived above the law.

As to the Saints being the dregs of the society from which they came—it is untrue;they had a respectable standing in the society from which they came, and that society was far in advance in civilization and enlightenment of the people of Western

Missouri.

The charge of idleness comes with a bad grace from the slave holders of Missouri. Especially so since the charge is made against people chiefly from New

England; who,whatever other faults they may possess, can never be truthfully charged with idleness.

In addition to the Saints who settled in Missouri having been trained from childhood to habits of industry in their former homes, they had received an express command from God to labor, and the idler was not to eat the bread, nor wear the garment of the laborer;! and unless the idler repented, he was to be cast out of the

Church.J The Saints in Missouri not only pretended to receive revelations,but through the Prophet Joseph, they actually received the revelations from God; and did also enjoy the gifts of tongues, and of healing the sick through the annointing of oil and the prayer of faith, in fulfillment of the promises of the

Lord;?

* December number of Evening and Morning ing Star.

f Doctrine and Covenants, Section 42.

42.

Ibid, Section 75, 28.

St. James, 5, 14-15.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

but how all this can be "derogatory of God and true religion,"or, "subversive of human reason,"can only be comprehended by a Missouri mob, seeking a vain excuse for the destruction of an unoffending people.

The charge of sowing dissensions, and inspiring seditions among the slaves, and inviting free people of color to settle in Jackson County, have no foundation in truth.

The July number of the Star for contains an article on Free People of Color, and publishes the laws of Missouri relating to that class of people.

Free people of color were Negroes or Mulattoes who were set free through the kindness of their masters, or who, by working extra hours, for which they were sometimes allowed pay, were able, at last, to purchase their liberty.

Concerning such people the Missouri laws provided, that:

If any negro or mulatto come into the

State of Missouri, without a certificate from a court of record in some one of the United States, evidencing that he was a citizen of such State, on complaint before any justice of the peace, such negro or mulatto was to be commanded by the justice to leave the State; and if the colored person so ordered did not leave the State within thirty days, on complaint of any citizen, such person was again brought before the justice who was to commit him to the common jail of the county, until the convening of the circuit court, when it became the duty of the judge of the circuit court to enquire into the cause of commitment;

and if it was found that the negro or mulatto had remained in the State contrary to the provisions of this statute, the court would sentence such person to receive ten lashes on his or her bare back, and then order him or her to depart the State:

if the person so treated should still refuse to go, then the same proceedings were to be gone through, and punishment inflicted as often as was necessary until such person departed.

And further:

If any person brought into the State of Missouri a free negro or mulatto, without the aforesaid certificate of citizenship, for every such negro or mulatto the person so offending should forfeit five hundred dollars; to be recovered by action of debt in the name of the State.

The editor of the Star adds: "Slaves are real estate in this and other States, and wisdom would dictate great care among the branches of the Church of

Christ, on this subject.

So long as we have no special rule in the Church, as to people of color, let prudence guide; and while they, as well as we, are in the hands of a merciful God, we say: Shun every appearance of evil."Publishing this law, and the above comment, was construed, by the old settlers.to be an invitation to free people of color to settle in Jackson County;

whereupon an Extra was published to the July number of the Star on the sixteenth of the month, which said:

"The intention in publishing the article, 'Free

People of Color,'was not only to stop free people of color from emigrating to

Missouri,but to prevent them from being admitted as members of the Church * *

To be short, we are opposed to having free people of color admitted into the State."But in the face of all this,the mob still claimed that the article was merely published to give "directions and cautions to be observed by colored brethren, to enable them upon their arrival in Missouri,to claim and exercise the rights of citizenship;"* and this base falsehood was used to inflame the minds of the people against the Saints.

That the Saints may have said that the

Lord would yet give them the land ot Missouri for their inheritance, is doubtless true; but that they were to obtain it in other than a legal way never entered their hearts.

They had been commanded of the Lord to purchasef the land for an inheritance.

Besides, the Elders stationed in Zion,about this time,addressed an epistle to the churches abroad, in which they alluded to the gathering of ancient Israel, and pointed out the difference in their circumstances and those by which they were surrounded, and Western Monitor for the second of August, f Doctrine and Covenants, Section 57, 3-5.

MAJORITIES.

how ancient Israel had been compelled to obtain the lands of their inheritance by the sword, and there add; "But to suppose that we can come up here, and take possession of this land by the shedding of blood, would be setting at naught the law of the glorious Gospel, and also the word of our great Redeemer:

and to suppose that we can take possession of this country without making regular purchases of the same, according to the laws of our nation, would be reproaching this great Republic, in which most of us were born, and under whose auspices we all have protection.""- Nothing then can be clearer than that while the Saints may have said that Missouri would eventually be the * Evening and Morning Star, July, 1833.

land of our inheritance, they were expecting to obtain it in a perfectly legitimate manner—by purchase—through the overruling providences of God.

We have thus been particular in examining the charges made against the Saints by their enemies, and for which acts, professedly, they were subsequently driven from their homes, that our young readers may learn that wherein the things their fathers were accused of, were not, in and of themselves innocent, and in violation of no law either human or divine, they were altogether without foundation.

B. H. Roberts.

Virtue does not give talents, but supplies their place.

Talents neither give virtue nor supply the place of it.

MAJORITIES.

"Many are called but few are chosen.""Fifty millions of people in these United States are opposed to you, "is the usual,and, it is to be sorrowfully admitted, the substantial argument against us.

It is heard from the bench, from the pulpit and the press;

it is the closing argument in individual controversy, because who will have the temerity to say that fifty millions are wrong, and a mere handful right.

That the voice of the people is the voice of God has become so favorite an idea in America that the "In God we trust"of the coin, might with propriety give way to "Vox populi, vox Dei."And it cannot be denied, that the argument is a weighty one; there is a feeling of discomfort, of doubt, and even shame that haunts us in our timid moments that we should stand up in defiance of the popular sentiment.

It is the argument that leads away the unconvinced, that robs us of our manhood in standing up under all circumstances and on every occasion in defense of principle.

It gives to us the sense of the responsibility we have shouldered.

It makes the weak weaker; the strong stronger.

What a comfortable feeling must the

Catholic have, who feels that hundreds of millions think as he thinks;

what a justification of his faith, as the world seems to consider!

It is pleasant to be popular and.fashionable, to know that the majority of your neighbors applaud your sentiments and sustain your views.

This however, is the sentiment of the hypocrite;

it leads to extravagance and to disgrace.

It requires a hero to suffer the contempt of the world.

Those who are able to breast the tide of popular sentiment, deserve the stamp of manhood;

it is easier to swim with the current.

It is impossible to estimate how many infidels profess religion, how many religious people deny their consciences how many thieves are herded into respectability, or honest men made thieves; how many poor men pass as wealthy, or wealthy men as doubly rich—due to the influence of the majority, in particular cases.

Those of our young men who have left us, have fell in soft places; they find themselves patted on the back by fifty millions of people, while we are still left to suffer the slings and arrows of opposition.

Are they the more bold that they have gone over to the over-

MAJORITIES.

whelming majority?

They are flattered into that belief, at least.

As I said before, it is a comfortable thing to be with the majority, it renders life smoother, brings friends and customers, and furnishes one with a solid argument in case of discussion.

On the other hand the path of the unpopular is cast among the rocks and thorns.

With what unction do our missionary judges exclaim that the millions of inhabitants of this great country are opposed to us!

It is repeated with that peaceful air of certainty, which admits af no contradiction as to the righteousness of the majority, and their rightfulness.

And yet there must be something wrong with such an argument.

Who is there to stand forth and justify the judgment of Pilate?

And yet it was the judgment of the people: "But they cried saying, Crucify him, crucify him!

And they were instant with loud voices, requiring that he might be crucified; and the voices of them and of the chief priests prevailed.""And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required."O, unrighteous judgment! The

Light of the world sacrificed to popular blindness!

History and philosophy are not without their consolations to the minority.

Matthew Arnold, who, a couple of years since, lectured in New York city on "Numbers,"mentioned various arguments by way of proof that majorities are generally wrong and the few, the "remnant"as he termed it, after an expression of Isaiah, alone are right.

This gentleman is a scholar, a deep student of history and of mankind, and speaks on such questions in language to be heeded.

He quotes with approbation a characteristic saying of Johnson that "Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel."We have not been without instances in our Territorial career, of men, whose characters have been such as to convince us that they have secreted base motives beneath the respectable cloak of patriotism.

When we are attacked from the vantage ground of professed patriotism, and especially where our opponents have the color of authority, the battle is one half lost.

But we may feel that we have a higher and a deeper patriotism than that which has alone for shelter, an unjust law, even though we may find ourselves opposed to that law.

Patriotism does not consist of cringing submission to every law which may find its way to a statute book.

If that were patriotism, liberty would indeed be short-lived;

it would be strangled in its cradle by the ruthless hand of tyranny.

We honor our ancestors of colonial times that they dared stand out against the unjust and oppressive laws of their mother country.

We trace our freedom to their lawlessness and insubordination;

as they inherited their love of freedom from the sturdy yeomen of Britain, who had by the resistance to the onslaughts of tyranny, rendered their country the home of the free. We leave our justification to a discerning future;

in the meantime nowise doubting the genuineness of our love of country and the institutions of our great Republic.

Mr. Arnold said, "Let us do homage, also, to his (Plato's) indestructible conviction that States are saved by their righteous remnant."Or as Plato has said, "To love righteousness and to be convinced of the unprofitableness of evil"is what saves States.

The Pagan philosopher has but followed the idea of

Isaiah that the salvation of governments is "to cease to do evil and to delight in the law of the Eternal."Nor must we put aside these views as entirely out of date and fashion.for we find Mr. Arnold, than whom there are few more fashionable and deservedly esteemed writers of the present time, corroborating these ancient writers.

He says, "Having in mind things true, things elevated, things just, things pure, things amiable, things of good report;

having these in mind, studying and learning them, is what saves States."So it is not to the majority we must look for saving power.

We must seek for the righteous remnant, and according to these views, unhappy is that State which possesses not a saving remnant.

Let us hope that our country may not

5° MAJORITIES.

be found without this leaven of perpetuity when its day of disease comes.

Our people have been mocked and ridiculed that their pretensions lead them to predict the time when they shall • tep forward, "a righteous remnant, delighting in the law of the Eternal,"to save our nation from destruction.

Nor does this appear an utter impossibility, when we consider the views just quoted.

If majorities had been the certainty of perpetuation how shall we account for the decadence of the great empires of the

East, and the fall of Rome.

Numbers do not offer immunity from dissolution as they do not offer truths in religion Or philosophy.

"Perhaps"says Mr.

Arnold, "you will say that the majority is sometimes good, that its impulses are good generally and its action is good generally.

But it lacks principle, it lacks persistence;

if to-day its good impulses prevail they succumb to-morrow;

sometimes it goes right, but it is very apt to go wrong.

Even a popular orator or a popular journalist will hardly say that the multitude may be trusted to have its judgment generally just, or its action generally virtuous."But this is strong language.

What!

May we not place confidence in the correct judgment or virtuous action of our "fifty millions?"It is rank treason to deny it;

it is presumptuous in this Britisher to come over to America to shatter the foundation of our cherished principles, with this philosophical dynamite.

"Sometimes it goes right,"and not even a popular orator will say that "the multitude may be trusted to have its judgment generally just, or its action generally virtuous"—these are hard facts drawn from the fount of history.

Trace back the history of the world, and we may find confirmation of the statement that numbers, overwhelming numbers, are not necessarily right, that in fact, as Plato wrote, "the majority are bad,""there is but a very small remnant of honest followers of wisdom."The disappearance of the empires of the Medes and Persians, the Assyrians, the Babylonians and other vast monarchies of ancient times, proves the absence of even a saving remnant among them.

Rome, the "mistress of the world"succumbed to immorality.

The countless thousands of people whose pride was their Roman citizenship, and who loved their native country and its institutions, with a fervor begotten of the pride of ancestry and augmented by successes in a thousand battles, failed to produce a large enough contingent of those having in mind things pure and elevated to perpetuate her existance.

That mighty structure of government erected by the hardy patriotism of a manly race was degraded to the dust by the revolting practices of their effeminate children.

Immorality poisons the fountain springs of the heart, deadens its more precious aspiration, destroys its ideals of purity, and eats away that courage which is the basis of patriotism and the hope of country;

it is the death of the nation, as it is the death of the soul.

And yet, we were informed by Mr.

Arnold that M. Renan, the foremost of

French moralists has said that "Nature cares nothing for chastity"and that after all, "The gay are perhaps right."This led the lecturer to bring an illustration of his point, as to the wrongfulness of the multitude, from the present moral tendency and condition of France. We may know by the drift of French literature, the immorality of her plays and books, the suggestiveness of her daily press, and from our knowledge of the ways of her people, that she is a worshiper of what Mr. Arnold termed the Goddess Lubricity—one definition of which is sensuality.

"France gives proof that she is suffering from a dangerous and perhaps fatal disease. *** She must recover through a powerful and profound renewal.a great inward change, brought about by a remnant amongst her people."So it seems, that this nation, foremost among civilized nations, is on the high road to dissolution and must put about to save herself; in other words the majority is wrong, and the question of an effective minority awaiting solution.

The speaker through courtesy, refrained from diagnosing the case of

MAJORITIES.

the United States, in fact, spoke of France alone.

And what do those mean who say that the voice of the people is the voice of God?

Do they refer to the majority of people in a city, or in a country, or in a State or in the whole world?

If the city or the county is the unit, it is to be stated that polygamy has the stamp of divinity, at least in Utah.

Likewise if the State is the basis of computation, and this would be true with Arizona and Idaho thrown in.

If the nation is to be presumed to speak the voice of the Almighty, the United States would prove Him a very changeable Being, since at the inception of our government, slavery or the slave trade was general throughout the country, and the time was when slavery existed in every colony of Great Britain.

Section nine of the Constitution legitimated the importation of slaves for twenty years.

Therefore we may say that in this part of America, last century the voice of God was pro-slavery, while

His view was radically different later.

And so with the licensed slave traffic, horrible beyond thought, of Great Britain.

This great nation was so desirous of enriching her coffers, that she demanded from Spain the exclusive privilege of supplying slaves to the Spanish colonies.

While slavery was never general in England it was so in her dependencies and it was with a jealous eye that England saw any encroachments upon a condition of society so wrong and inhuman.

Belief in witchcraft and the Black Art was so general throughout the middle ages that it has been stated that few philosophers were so learned, or judges so wise as to be free from the popular delusion; and that the greater number of books issued, were devoted to this subject, in some of its phases.

Slavery exists in Brazil to-day. We will suppose that at any time previous to the civil war, it had been agreed, as

Phillips suggested;

to let the wayward sisters, or southern States, go in peace, and that the Mason and Dixon line has been the boundary between the two republics, one, fres;

the other, slave.

If you lived north, and applied the vox populiruXz you would be an abolitionist;

while, if you were south and applied the same rule, you would be in favor of slavery.

And so it goes, if you consider the whole world you would justify yourself in becoming a polygamist;

but, they will argue that you must not go outside of the civilized or Christian nations for your comparisons.

Such an argument would contain a contradiction because it contains the statement that the few are wiser, or better, or anything else you choose, than the many; an admission, which applied to the Christian nations or any one of them, admits the possibility at least that the majority are not necessarily right, with those nations or that nation.

In other words, they would argue, you must select your people before you can say of them that they speak the voice of the Almighty.

Well, that's about what the Latter-day Saints say of themselves, or the philosophers of themselves, or the Catholics or the Protestants.

It seems to be nonsense, to place any confidence in such an idea.

Majorities have been immoral, irreligious, pagan,, slave holding, witch-hating, unwise in, statesmanship and political economy and guilty of all sorts of errors and ignorance.

France, a century ago, went so far in religious disbelief as to become a pandemonium;

religion was thrown overboard and morality went with it;

anarchy prevailed, and there were "but few honest followers of wisdom."

Ideas of morality vary to-day;

in England it is unlawful to marry a deceased wife's sister; among Catholics there are no divorces, while among Protestants there are so many, that it has been said, that the only difference between "Mormon"polygamy and that of Connecticut, for example, is that in the former case, wives are recognized and supported all at one time, while in the latter case, the casting of the former wife upon the world must precede a subsequent marriage.

In St. Louis, prostitution is recognized as a "necessary evil"and is licensed by ordinance. A police captain in New York City, recently stated in

MAJORITIES.

reply to a question as to why he had not cleared out the low women, who had congregated in a certain neighborhood, that he recognized the fact that it was absolutely impossible under any circumstances to prevent this trade, and he considered it wiser to permit these women to congregate, where they could be under constant surveillance, than to scatter them widespread over the city;

there is, of course, an ordinance making prostitution a crime.

These circumstances only serve to illustrate the fact, which I am unhappy to state seems to be conceded in Salt Lake, that every law against this gigantic offense must remain practically a dead letter.

Laws are either not made, or made and not enforced.

The crime is greater than the law; the cancer is beyond the surgeon's cure, and the patient is sick indeed; unless the virus is removed from his blood he must perish.

The civilization of this world, its freedom from all the barbarism and superstition of the past, and all the horrors which those terms imply, has not been wrought out by the multitude advancing en masse, as the proposition that the people speak with Divine authority, would convey.

Unfortunately for this position, this is not the manner in which truth has progressed on the earth;

it has fought its way through the determined ranks of ignorance.

Turn to whatever field of science or speculation you may choose, and truth still valiantly fighting her way is seen, with slaughtered foes behind her. The struggles of the astronomers, Copernicus, Keppler and

Galileo, against the entrenched ignorance of their day; the warfare of Luther against the abusesof the Catholic church; the martyrdom of Huss; the millions of skeptics sacrificed to the inquisition; the scornful treatment of Columbus, in his earlier days;

these with countless other incidents, serve as monuments in the battle fields of progress.

There has never been a step forward taken by the majority; every reformation has had a small beginning, has contended against obstacles, almost insuperable, the barriers of tradition; but has, at last, succeeded.

"Blessed are you when they shall revile you for my sake."

Individuals, not multitudes, have been the world's workers and reformers.

And is it not a strong argument for the minority, for even the seemingly hopeless remnant, that every philosophical or religious principle, let it be ever so popular, now, has had a beginning; has been insignificant; has contended, at its inception, single handed and alone, against opposition. And this is an argument that appeals to all men, since all of their religious systems have had their beginning, and their days of unpopularity.

Men have positively been compelled to drag the multitude from the slough of ignorance and of error.

Talk of the multitude being the court of last refuge on all questions!

Why, they have usually been so blind, not only to truth, in its more abstract forms, but to their own material welfare, as embodied in invention, as to haver equired recruiting, one by one, to the truth.

That large bodies have large inertia, is as true of human kind as of matter, they are difficult to get started.

It is a matter patent to any one that the multitude of this world's inhabitants have neither the righteousness nor the intelligence to lead the way.

It is a few who do their inventing, who write their books.

It is not every one who could have invented a system of telegraphyjor could have built the Brooklyn Bridge;

there are few who can write a great book on any subject.

The knowledge of this world is possessed by specialists.

Few people are acquainted with more than their profession and therefore as to any one subject, unless it be government in its simpler aspects, the many are ignorant; the few, wise.

The most learned men of the day;

Tyndalls, Huxleys and Darwins, would scarcely like to submit their views to popular vote, if the result shonld determine their fate.

By way of conclusion, I would revert to Scripture for evidence of the wickedness of the multitude.

I have commenced this article with a quotation from the New Testament;

it was said by

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

the Savior, that while "many are called, few are chosen;"and it would require no extended search to bring forth many quotations from this book, which indicate the righteousness and salvation of the few, as opposed to the wickedness and condemnation of the many.

Moses and the prophets must have been viewed even by their own people, as a very objectionable and insignificant minority.

Noah was the laughing stock of his people, of the world, and yet was right.

If our people would be, as their destiny is understood, the saving remnant of the United States, their young men and women must be righteous, must be pure and true and just;—"To cease to do evil and delight in the law of the Eternal."This is no childsplay.

It means scorn for popularity and fashion, an ability to assert truth amidst the mockeries of the world.

It is based upon absolute justice, equality for friend and foe.

Reformers of the world must not be its pupils.

If the destiny of the "Mormon"religion is as its adherents believe, their duty is to lead, not to follow.

One of the persistent charges against us is that we expect to rise up and wipe away these United States. Such a design would be treasonable, but it is falsely alleged.

It is one of those malicious falsehoods with which our opponents are so lavish.

There is a vast distinction between forcing into power as conquerors, and being called into prominence as patriots.

And therefore whatever designs upon this government others may have, our design is to uphold the Constitution and to assist in the perpetuation of the Government.

R.

IV.

Young.

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

VIII.

My nineteenth birthday!

How well I remember it, for, returning from an afternoon visit

I met for the first time that remarkably handsome and gallant officer Col. Philip Daum, ex-aide de camp to Major General Fremont, and who, when General Shields was wounded at the battle of Winchester, took command and finished the fight with victory for the Northern side.

He had brought to father some pleasant messages of remembrance from old army associates of the Mexican War,when he left the East for California at the conclusion of the Civil War.

A Prussian by birth and visiting America, he had volunteered, when the war broke out, and aimed to win a Brigadier Generalship.

I often reflect now how many persons of note it was my good fortune to meet in my parents'home.

Far back in my childhood, I remember how Stephen C.

Massett used to come and without ceremony seat himself by my mother's instrument and weave there those exquisite melodies that an evening or two later he sang before appreciative audiences. He never noticed me except by a smile as I sat quietly in a corner of the sofa listening to his work.

He had asked permission to use the instrument, as it was the only one of the kind in California and was at liberty to come and go without interruption.

Herbert Clarendon Dorr, poet and musician,also

Pollock, the poet were frequent guests.

My first governess was a Miss Winlac, who had also taught in Sir Walter Scott's castle.

She had traveled as companion with a lady of rank, throughout Europe, and many an hour has she charmed me with her narrations of travel, and recitations of poetry.

This lovely lady died at sea, in a steamboat explosion.

Stories of travel and life in Russia by

Perry McDonough Collins, author of "Down the Amoor,"and by Adjutant James of the U.

S. Service, who, it was said, spoke the "russ"like a Russian.

Captain Trask, who voyaged for years between San Francisco and the Yanktse-Kiang river, taught me more of

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

China than I have ever read; and J. Ross Brownie—can I ever forget his stories of many lands!

His home in Oakland was built in the oriental style, a photograph of which he once showed me when he and Major General Hentzelman together paid us a visit.

The first live poetess I remember meeting, was Ina, the daughter of Don

Carlos Smith.

Her mother had married again to a Mr. Wm. Pickett, an apostate.

Ina was tall and plain featured.

She married at an early age Robert Carsley, a singer and musician of Los Angeles.

Otie evening when they were visiting us, mother, thinking to please her, showed her some fine magazines containing portraits of Joseph, Hyrum,

Lucy Smith, also young Joseph and David.

She seemed much annoyed and when Mr. Carsley asked: "What is it Ina?"replied, "I don't remember anything about those people, I was very young when I left them."Mr. Carsley seemed pleased, and thanked mother for showing them.

Next morning,early, Mrs. Carsley came in her carriage and in a very different frame of mind asked for "the loan of those pictures to show mother, who was overjoyed to learn of their existence."Mother made Mrs.

Fickett a present of them and Ina went away quite happy.

Another lady I remember with special pleasure was Bertha Lezymski, a Polish Jewess, whose life was indeed a romance, beautiful and pure.

Slight of figure, dark of complexion and with plain face, she had the most beautiful shaped head and neck and a wealth of black hair simply worn.

In her girlhood her brother Lesser Lezymski was for political reasons condemned to exile in Siberia.

She obtained permission to share his imprisonment, and together they pursued their favorite stud)r,astronomy, and

Bertha wrote a large work upon the subject.

During the six years of their imprisonment, she made beautiful the long days and months by her artistic labor.

She wrought in needlework upon canvas the picture of the sons of Jacob showing him the torn coat of Joseph.

The figures are all life size, and the canvas covers one side of her brother's parlor in San Francisco; and upon first sight they seem alive.

At the State fair the committee appraised the work at three thousand dollars in value.

During their exile, the brother vowed to remain single through life, in return for her devotion and sacrifice, but afterward changed his mind and married, Bertha still sharing his home.

After a year of mourning for the loss of the first place in her brother's heart, the lady was persuaded by her two brothers to accept the heart and home of an ardent suitor.

My mother visited her at her brother's home, a marble residence;

the first floors, walls and stairways all white marble, with velvet hangings, and the dinner service containing many pieces of solid silver and gold;

but the choicest treasures there, her brothers said, were the handiwork of their sister.

As I have never seen in print a notice of the death of Governor Boggs I will here insert an account which I believe to be correct.

In 1S65 some travelers were encamped in the street near our place, while completing their outfit for the El Paso mines.

Several of them called and asked for some fruit from the orchard and one of them seemed anxious to be sociable and father talked with him.

I do not know how he was lei to speak of his father's death, but he said that his sufferings were the theme of hundreds of persons; though watchers waited hourly for his death through six lingering weeks;

that life would seem almost extinct when he would revive and suffer anew, until friends and watchers were worn almost to exhaustion by suspense and attentions to the dying man.

"Young man, what was your father's full name?"inquired father; and he replied,"My father was Governor Boggs who drove the "Mormons"from Missouri."Next day one of the party returned and stated that "last night,down town.young Boggs was told that the town was built by the "Mormons,"and he got scared and left camp before sunrise, fearing that some "Mormon"would find out whose son he was."His friend said the story of Gov.

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

ernor Boggs'death was truly told, that physicians could not understand it.

In the winter of 1861-2 a rainy season set in, which in three weeks changed the face of the country for miles.

The Santa Ana river spread from a few rods wide to four miles.

Warm Creek and City Creek each swept away farms and

Lytle Creek less than a mile behind us rose thirty feet, the sand from its overflowing banks at one part of the valley, burying houses and corrals from sight.

Behind our house, our own little trout stream swelled into a roaring stream twelve feet deep, three rods wide and approached within ten feet of the house.

Men on horseback watched day and night, for if Lytle Creek rose three feet higher the rest of the valley would be submerged.

A stream ran through every street and the crash of adobe houses could be heard day after day, and the torrents leaping down the mountain side twelve miles away could be seen in the intervals of sunshine.

Along the Santa Ana, giant trees with hissing, writhing serpents struggling on their trunks swept like driftwood down the current.

A military camp was stationed in the Santa Ana forest and one morning the men broke through the guard and went to the rescue of the farmers.

On a tottering fence clung a little boy and down the stream came some driftwood on which a little girl was crying bitterly.

Brave John Maun plunged into the muddy current and rescued them both, but finding he could not swim back, dropped the girl.

As he did so she caught at his long beard then clung around his neck and they reached the land.

A babe on a floating bed was saved and three days after was restored to its mother.

Many incidents of interest occurred and one that remained as evidence when I left home six years after the flood, may still exist there. A two story farm house went sailing down the stream until it struck a firm steep bank and went to pieces, household goods strewed the waters and sank.

A cook stove caught and lodged in a tree top and remained there to excite wonder _in the mind of many a stranger, for it was just behind the principal hotel of the town.

Father's office was in the front part of this building,and once, in my school days, I heard somewhere in the air the strangest, sweetest sounds that kept me wondering long.

At last I learned the mystery, an aeolian harp in a window above.

Then and there began for me a sweet refrain that memory oft repeats, that can never be silenced while I live.

A year later than the flood,as we were riding toward the old Santa Ana mission, I noticed green sprigs thickly coming up through the level sand.

Said father, 'Here is Mr. Varley's extensive orchard, underneath; these are the tops of peach trees sprouting up through thirty feet of sand.

Peter Falan's twenty acres of orchard moved off whole, as did also his seventy acres of wheat, in one unbroken patch for a long distance^ before breaking up.

This flood explained why the Spaniards built their houses so high up the hill sides, as they said such an event had occurred once before. Our

Indians lamented the damage done, for wine cellars had been washed out, "Mucha whiskey lost.""Were any lives lost, Chappo?""Well, yes,"replied he indifferently, "but the whiskey—"and the inadequacy of language was made up by expressions and gestures most distressing and pathetic.

"Well, Pompey,"said we to an African friend, "you look very happy about something?""Yes, Miss, Pse de grandparent of a son.""O, indeed! and what's his name?""Octopus Cannibal Hilyard,

Miss.""No!

you don't mean that, Pompey?""Deed I does, Miss, I heered dat name in a book a young man was readin''bout de great men.""Well, there's a mistake, you go ask Mr. Allen to tell you.

Good bye, Pompey."I had many pets, a fine hound, a water spaniel, a fleecy white poodle and a tan terrier the length of my hand, brought from China; a Lowrie bird, a red and green parrot, a cockatoo, two rainbow hued birds called "Burghrygar,"all from Australia, besides a tame deer who wore seven bells around her collar and followed me in all my rambles on foot.

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

But my humming birds! for them,

I obtained a new crinoline, covered it with a pink tarleton skirt, and with a fresh branch of flowers each morning for a perch, they beautifully filled a southern window.

I fed them honey and melted sugar with a goose quill, and I never saw a prettier sight than my six humming birds perched on my hand, feeding.

They would rub their pretty heads against my hand as a kitten does, and I truly loved them.

One afternoon we heard someone loudly calling, and going to the veranda saw a gentleman on horseback leisurely approaching our gate.

Father hastened down the winding path;

it was an Israelite acquaintance lately arrived from London, and who had borrowed a horse to learn to ride.

It seemed that the gentleman was timid and the horse had gone wheresoever his fancy pleased him, now faster and now slower, sometimes even stopping to nibble a tempting bunch of verdure.

Mr. Leffel was dusty, perspiring, agitated and exhausted with fatigue and terror from an all day ride.

He had not dared to guide the animal or dismount without assistance, and thanked fortune when his horse turned homeward.

As he replenished his fainting interior his graphic description of his alarming experience could scarcely be credited.

When he went away, he led the horse rather than again venture a ride.

Our friend was a singer, and he sometimes brought his guitar, and when he sang dear "Annie of the Wale"or "On some faithful breast reposing,"his singing could not fail to make a deep impression.

His was naturally a buoyant and cheerful spirit, but, he informed me that "Wosie"(Rosie, his betrothed) was sensitively watchful of him in society, and he felt it proper to assume a gravity of deportment satisfactory to her; but she left him, for all that, for a suitor who could afford a more elegant and expensive solitaire engagement ring.

When Mr. De Volson, from San Francisco, brought an introduction, being a stranger to our town and ways, we tried to take an interest in him and make him feel at home; and when a few days after, he brought, for our opinion and praise, a horse he had purchased from a Spaniard for seven dollars and a quarter, we could not fail to recognize his elation and agree with him outwardly.

Father was privately of opinion that the docility of the animal was the docility of temporary subjugation, possibly of age, for the

California broncho is a doubtful creature at the best, his appearance being no true index to a character as variable as caprice can make it.

With true national pride he named his steed Bonaparte.

M. De Volson loosely tied his purchase to a tree and entered the house. A few moments later the animal had gnawed the rope and was snuffling inquiringly at the doors of several populous hives. Under some circumstances it does not take long to create a sensation and soon our eyes and ears were regaled with an entertainment of most thrilling interest.

Retaliating kicks responsive to resentful stings had upset a colony and filled the air with a swarm of defensive foes, while such a display of evolutions and muscular flexibility were presented as we never before deemed possible.

M. De Volson looked on speechless with alarm until the frantic animal rushed from a prolonged and unequal contest to the safety of an adjoining forest.

"Ah, ze musele!

ze endurance!

zat is a fine purchase!"admiringly exclaimed the Frenchman.

Bonaparte was left as a guest in our meadow for a month when the trout fishing picnic was decided upon.

Two carriages well filled started ahead, when

M. De Volson remembered something he must get from town and he would overtake us.

As time passed away we began to look back for our friend, but vainly, many times.

At last through a cloud of dust we discerned waving arms and flourishing legs, while with obstinate, steady steps, Bonaparte came slowly on.

We could not help laughing immoderately at first, but held in when our friend overtook us, dismounted and climbed into a back seat, leading his steed by the bridle.

Arrived at the chosen spot we alighted, Bonaparte was released and our friend approached to

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

unloose the well-filled saddle bags when Bonaparte veered off to the right and out of reach.

The most persuasive address and diplomatic endeavor were fruitless, the distance widened between master and beast, out of the green trees'shacte into the glowing sun and cactusdotted plain further and further disappeared M. De

Volson and Bonaparte.

When at last an assistant party went out and they returned, one tail of M. De Volson 's fine broadcloth coat was missing, was left upon some Arbor Vitae's moss- wreathed, outstretched branch to tell that he had been there.

"Listen,"said M. De Volson impressingly.

"I nevare ride zat horse again!

I degrade him!

I make—vat you call him? a pack animal of him! ze frying pan! ze trout!

he shall pack zem all!"One of our party, an exquisite from London, endeavored to impart consolation by the recital of a similar misfortune, wherein, as he said,"muahls (mules) escaped."

A good meal first and then trout fishing followed satisfactorily, then the hush of birds, the home-flying crows, gathering shadows and croaking of frogs warned us to hasten home.

The stern decree of retributive justice was faithfully administered, and Bonaparte stolidly walked along with bundles and frying pan handles conspicuous. He appeared to be reflecting upon his degradation and apparently arrived at a decision.

He snorted, jerked, somersaulted and freeing himself went off at a gallop down the slope.

Expecting to find him at our own gate, no one pursued him.

He was not there.

Next day an irate farmer called for ten dollars damages and was told to keep the horse; but the trout and his accoutrements of the expedition, never again did M. De Volson see.

In contrast comes to mind the figure of Captain Juan, a character well known in Los Angeles and San Bernardino.

According to a newspaper account which quoted the mission record at San

Gabriel, Captain Juan was one hundred and fifteen years old when he died.

He was above six feet in height and of noble countenance.

He wore a U. S. uniform with shoulder straps, a tall black silk hat with a brass eagle and ostrich plumes, and his abundant hair streaked with gray was braided in a long queue.

Captain Juan was a chief of the Cahason tribe and had two wives, the younger a

Maricopa.

When he visited his white friends he was too proud to beg, and never received into his own hand any donation.

His attendants attended to that.

They remained standing until he was seated.

If food were proffered, though he probably 1 might be hungry, an interval of dignified silence preceeded his partaking of it. We all liked him and respected his self esteem through our many years of acquaintance.

He often reminded father that he was the oldest inhabitant of the valley.

He always saluted and parted from us with great dignity and once said: "If I understood your religion

I believe I would be a Mormon, for I like your deeds as well as your words."When we were coming to Utah on a visit, he came to inquire if the report were true.

Mother told him yes, but she would be back in a year.

Cuptain Juan replied: "You have been my friend, it will not be the same here when you are gone, I will take my people and go to the Lila for a year, but when you return I will be here to welcome you home."He knelt upon one knee, took my mother's hand and touched it to his forehead and his lips, raised his right hand to heaven and moved his lips as though in prayer; then rising, walked rapidly away.

Sure enough he went away with his small tribe, and three days before mother's return home he came back and inquired for her, then made his little camp on the border of our land.

When mother's team drove up to the gate, it was an Indian's happy face that first welcomed her home.

Farewell, Captain Juan;

though thy race had dwindled to a remnant and thy people had no home, thy soul was truly noble.

I revered thee as a worthy friend, and look forward to greet thee again with Francisco and Adela when I reach my better home.

The year is drawing to a close and perhaps I have occupied more than a

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

fair share of the Contributor pages.

It would give me happiness to acknowledge here that for all the pleasant scenes, the genial friends and hallowed associations, memory's fondest gratitude is due to my father, Colonel Jackson.

He it was who pointed out the first and drew around us the others.

Lover of the beautiful in all things and courtier by nature, he was light and guide, and gracious to the lowliest.

Though few of the charms of either have been gathered together by my pen, and though in their drawing they lack the grace and charm their real life did wear, and though perhaps of little benefit to others, they have taught me that life's earliest lsssons are most lasting, and the duty of surrounding our children, in turn, with every day history that shall hereafter be pleasant and useful in their remembrance.

Pardon what has been frivolous and what has been faulty.

Agusta Joyce Crocheron.

When a man has no desire but to speak plain truth, he may say a great deal in a very narrow space.

Steele.

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

LANGUAGE AND ENGLISH LITERATURE.*

When one, whose reasoning faculties have long been developed, commences any new study, he should first learn the relation it bears to kindred subjects, and the general head under which it would be most appropriately placed.

What is known by any one individual, and may be known by others is knowledge—all else is mystery.

The limits of each are being gradually extended.

So the man with but few ideas meets but few difficulties;

the philosopher many.

The first division of knowledge is as follows:

literature, the sciences and the arts.

Literature is that grand division of knowledge which treats of the mind and its communications;

also the history and government of man.

The sciences comprise all those branches which treat of matter and quantity.

The arts is that division of knowledge, which treats of the improvement or embellishment of matter.

Literature is divided into the following departments:

Phrenics, Theotics, Chromics and Epistatics.

Phrenics is divided into the following branches:

Psychology, Didactics, Grammar, Elocution, Rhetoric and

Logic.

You will see that I have given the departments and some of the branches of only the first division of knowledge.

This outline can be completed by study * Delivered November 7th, 1385.

and careful reference to proper authorities. A person who possesses much knowledge, which he has not systematized,may be considered well read or intelligent.

But another whose general knowledge is much less, but who has mastered the principles of one subject, and learned the relation it bears to other subjects, may justly be called scientific.

Hoping that I have said enough on this to impress its importance, we will pass to the subject of to-day's lecture: Language and English Literature.

Before the worlds rolled into existance the Gods sat in council and deliberation, before the great programme was adopted.

But in what language they conversed we do not know.

But we have reason to believe, that it was as far superior to any modern language as God is superior to man.

The first sentence spoken by God in organizing this earth was "Let there be light."The first words spoken by him to the first of our race was a blessing which has not been handed down to posterity.

This was followed by a command which has been translated into English as follows.

"Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it; and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth."During the sixteen hundred years that followed this command, the

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

people upon all the face of the earth spoke a language that has been lost.

At the dispersion of mankind from the Tower of Babel, the Lord confounded the language of all the earth.

From that time to the present the blending and the confusion of languages have been steadily increasing;

till to-day we have three thousand and sixty-four spoken languages on this little planet.

And since every dialect becomes a language when it is spoken by an educated people, this number must necessarily increase.

The French, Italian and Spanish are now become languages with dialects of their own. A student who could learn each of these languages in two years, would have to study over one thousand years to learn them all.

If father Adam had lived and studied till the present time, his task would not be completed.

And while the good old man would be learning some modern lauguage, especially if it were a difficult one like the Chinese, which requires a natural life-time to learn, he would forget all that he had learned in the days of his youth.

But as we have most to do with the English speaking race, and the English language, we will do well for the present to confine ourselves to the study of the English language.

The steps that lead to a true understanding and a just appreciation of this beautiful study are grammar, rhetoric, elocution and logic.

The English language of to-day is the same, in all its essentials, as it was twelve generations ago, when it was spoken by the Anglo-Saxons.

Though our language has undergone many changes, and it has had a wonderful growth, yet its identity still remains.

From the dawn of our language till about noo A. D. may be termed "AngloSaxon"or "Old English."

The "SemiSaxon"or "Middle English"was then spoken about four hundred years. From about 1500 A.

D.

to the present time "Modern English"has been spoken.

We will now briefly refer to the changes that our language has undergone.

In the year 55 B.C.the Romans under Julius Caesar conquered Britain. During the four hundred years that followed, they gradually introduced their language, their customs and their civilization.

But they did not add many words to our language.

A far greater number of Latin words were introduced into our language at a later period.

Many years after the Romans had vacated the island, piratical adventurers crossed the

North Sea from their barren shores and gradually established themselves in the parts that the Romans had formerly occupied.

As these invaders were morally and intellectually superior to the native races, they succeeded infirmly establishing their language, while the half Romanized tribes slowly dwindled away.

The language of these Saxon invaders was powerful and imaginative.

But the Saxons had hardly gained undisputed sway over the island before the

Danes invaded it in great numbers.

Many a fierce conflict followed.

But by the wisdom of the great and good Alfred these two powerful races were amalgamated.

As the Danes were originally of the same stock as the Saxons, this did not materially change the language of the country.

But we wish to call especial attention to the following.

About the close of the eleventh century, England was again overrun by the Normans under William the Conqueror.

These Normans were a mixed race, and their language was the result of the blending of the French and the Scandinavian tongues.

The Normans were refined and cultivated and they spoke a polished language.

But it was nearly three centuries before the Anglo-Saxons and the Normans were united as one people in repelling invaders, who came from the French shores.

About the same time these two languages became completely blended;

and from then to the present time it has been slowly but gradually perfecting itself.

"To-day the readers of the English language, in their literary inheritance are the richest people the sun shines upon.

Their novelists paint the finest portraits of human character,their historians know the secrets of entrancing;

their critics have the keenest

6o LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

acumen;

their philosophers probe far into the philosophy of the mind;

their poets sing the sweetest songs."The English language is spoken to-day by millions of people, who do not live on English soil.

American literature, then, is but a continuation or branch of English literature.

The history of English literature is the story of what great English men and women thought and felt, and then wrote down in good prose or beautiful poetry in the

English language.

The story is a long one, and it is still going on.

English men and women have good reason to be proud of the work done by their forefathers in prose and poetry.

Every one who can write a good book or a song may say to himself I belong to a great company, which has been teaching and delighting the world for more than a thousand years.

During these long, long years many illustrious names have been placed on record.

And their memories will continue to be revered and honored by unborn millions.

How many of us have learned to love the authors whom we delight to read? Every lesson of morality and virtue that we learn from their sacred pages is transmitted from us to our children, and they in turn will pass them to theirs.

And as age upon age rolls into existence will the reading portion of mankind be elevated to higher and still higher planes of thought and action by an acquaintance with the great masters of our language.

The moral and the intellectual truths they wrote in by-gone ages become to us, a part of the living present.

And may we not in this way, by some mysterious and hidden law, become related or linked to the great and good of all ages?

We think that when we shall see upon yonder shores, the radiant faces of those whose writings have made us wiser and better, that we shall know their countenances and wish to be near them.

This is partially true even in this life.

Every one of us who has drunk deeply from any great author, has learned to think, to a certain degree, as he thought, and in this way we are brought nearer, nearer in thought.

And when the vail that separates the living from the dead is removed, we shall be nearer in person.

But there is not time in one short lecture to give even the names of those whose writings have helped to shape the destinies of mankind.

So I. will give a few suggestions on what and how to read, and then close with some brief remarks on English poetry.

As literature is our object, the first book that claims attention is the one that contains the highest leterary merit.

The following question was once put to the teachers in this county.

"What book that is now printed in the English language contains the highest literary merit?"They did not agree in their decision.

But I think that one who was better qualified than they, or any of us, has justly decided this important question.

Thomas Carlyle gives the preference to the Bible.

He says the book of Job is the finest production in the English language. We do not know whether the name was derived from the author or the hero of the book.

Some think that Moses wrote it.

If so he was the first and grandest poet of the world.

Nearly all that is contained in the Old Testament comes under the following:

seventeen historical books, five poetical books and seventeen prophetic books.

The historical books should be read in connection with some good ancient history.

This is of very great importance to the student, for nearly all that is known of the world's history during its first two thousand years is contained in the Bible.

Those who have poetry in their being, should read and carefully study the following books:

Job, Psalms, Proverbs, and Solomon's Song. A careful reading of the above books will lead the imagination in the right direction, and their proper study will feed and fire the soul, and leave in our natures that deep spirituality which will live to the end of time.

In studying the Prophetic books, the mind should be in a calm state.

In order to understand them inspirational discernment is needed; and nothing but

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

the spirit of God can give this.

The student immediately before commencing the reading of any prophetic chapter should retire to his closet and offer a short prayer.

If this is not convenient, a silent prayer can be offered in any place—alone or in company. This could precede any Bible reading to advantage, but it is especially needed in the study of Isaiah, Joel, Daniel, Malachi, or the writings of our Savior.

I will say, in concluding this part of my subject, that the spirit and diction of the Bible is adapted to the wants of the most uncultivated minds, and yet many of the best writers, in every age, have drawn their deepest inspirations from sacred writ.

The next book that claims the attention of reading and thinking men is Shakspeare.

Shakspeare was not the first great English poet, but he was the first and the last to use the English language with absolute control. Shakspeare wrote for all people and for all times.

His works are true to nature, and they will live while language survives.

Those who read him most admire him most.

If there are any who have read nothing from Shakspeare, let me beg of you to read the following before this month closes: "Julius Caesar"and "The Rape of

Lucrece."In the former, the life of Julius Csesar is better revealed than in "Plutarch's Lives."In the latter you may learn what price a true woman sets upon her virtue, and what punishment follows the seducer.

A few words now on the benefit derived from reading biographies.

The poet says:

"Lives of great men all remind us

We can make our lives sublime."

The reading of good biographies helps to form character in the young, and often prompts to noble action, as "whispering angels prompt to golden dreams."

The "Lives of the Presidents"is an excellent book for young men.

They should also read the history of other great and noted characters, taking them up in the order in which they appeared in the world's history.

To every young lady I suggest the reading of the following three books:

Madame Roland, Marie Antoinette, and Josephine. These were the three French heroines, who figured during the darkest period of French history.

And through all their trials, insults and persecutions these high born women were true to themselves, their country and their God, even unto death.

At this particular period of Utah's history, these books will be read with great delight and much profit.

Those who do not wish to go astray,and lose much valuable time in reading worthless matter should consult those who have had a wider experience in the literary field.

A few remarks now on English poetry and I am done.

It is well known that the silent forces in nature are the most powerful.

The golden flood of light that streams from our solor orb has a greater influence upon the earth and its countless millions than the loudest thunder or the fiercest tempest.

So the deep under-current of human thought is guided more steadily by the song of the poet than by the eloquence of the orator or the laws of the statesman.

Choice gems of poetry that we learned in our earliest years are still fresh in our memory.

And they are ever stealing upon us with a quiet and peaceful welcome feeding and strengthening the better part of our nature.

This is indeed the chief mission of poetry.

Prose is masculine and matterof-fact; it appeals to the intellect and prompts to action;

But poetry is feminine and immortal; it has the stamp of

Deity impressed upon it and in its mission it brings us nearer to God and sacred things.

The eye of the poet sees the inward beauty of things, and in his imagination he paints them in their most bewitching colors, until they become beautiful and finished pictures, which stream their gracious influence upon us in our loneliest hours.

Poetry differs also from prose in its style and in its form.

It selects words that are noted for their beauty of sound and association.

And the transposed order is used much more frequently than in prose.

Comparisons, Metaphors, Personifications and Apostrophes are the colors

LOGAN TEMPLE Ll.CTURES.

that the poet uses in painting his beautiful pictures.

In treating of the form of poetry I shall speak only of Rhythm and

Metre.

Rhythm is a division of lines into short portions.

Metre is the quality of a poem determined by the number of feet in a regular verse.

Verse is poetry, and a verse is a single line of poetry.

Scancion is the reading of poetry so as to mark the rhythm.

I will now present a few verses illustrating some of the different kinds of poetic measure.

ANAPESTIC FEET:

In my rage | shall be seen The revenge | of a queen.

DACTVLLIC FEET:

Flashed all their | sabers bare Flashed as they | turned in air Sabering the | gunners there.

TROCHAIC FEET:

In the | Spring a | deeper iris | changes | on the | burnished dove In the | Spring a | young man's | fancy lightly | turns to | thoughts of love.

MONOSYLLABIC FEET:

Toll! Toll! Toll!

Thou bell by billows swung.

IAMBIC FEET:

But this | was taught | me by | the dove To die | and know | no sec | ond love.

We will now pass on to the kinds of poetry.

That which lashes the vices and follies of men is satirical poetry.

Byron's "English Bards and Scotch Reviewers"is one of the best satires in the

English language.

The spirit of this kind of poetry is cruel and destructive.

Since Addison's day no great satire has been produced in English poetry, and we trust there will never be another.

Prose is the most fitting dress for unkind thoughts and cruel retaliation.

Epic poetry deals with the life of some real or mythic hero.

Milton's Paradise Lost is a great epic poem.

We have but few great epics in English Literature, and we are not likely to receive any addition for some time.

Modern novels, so far as subject is concerned, have 1aken the place of epic poetry.

Dramatic poetry is written to be acted and may be divided into tragic and comedy; the former is written to interest the earnest mind and the latter to produce amusement.

The Old Testament contains instances of dramatic dialogue, but the drama, properly, originated in Greece with the worship of Bacchus, the god of wine.

Pastoral poetry is that which deals with objects in nature.

It paints in beautiful colors the meadows, woods and plains.

It describes rural life in all its changes.

The pearly dewdrop, the flowers that bloom beneath our feet, the golden grain, the burning mountain, the roaring cataract, and the mighty ocean—all have been beautifully described in poetic language.

The best Pastoral poem of ancient times is Solomon's Song.

One of our finest modern productions is an "Elegy written in a country churchyard"by Thos. Gray.

The fifth and the last division of poetry that I shall mention is Lyric poetry.

Through this species of poetry the poet gives expression to his own thoughts and emotions;

generally in the form of song, which may be sacred, as hymns or psalms, or secular as love songs and songs of war.

Sir Andrew Fletcher says, "If a man were permitted to make all the ballads of a nation,he need not care who should make its laws."We who have listened so often to the sweet strains of the Logan choir can appreciate the calm and holy influence of lyric poetry.

We can pursue this deeply interesting subject no further at present.

I will close to-day's lecture with a short extract from Shaw's English Literature:

"Poetry is the earlier expression of every literature. The first writers whose works are preserved are the writers of verse.

The rhythm of their song, the pictures of their excited fancy, the stories they tell, catch and enchain the popular attention.

But prose is now in the ascendant over poetry.

Spencer, Milton and Byron are not read as they once were.

What has brought about the change?

There is the same lofty theme, there is the same resounding line, there is the same poetic inspiration.

But the taste and thought of the readers have changed.

They are in sympathy with what is called the practical spirit of the age.

They lead to the instructive novel,to books of travel, to biography, to

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

history.

They compel readers to seek for information as well as entertainment and elegant culture in literature.

The virtues of this century are supplying what is demanded by an increasing number of thoughtful readers.

The chief external influence has come from Germany.

Coleridge introduced it and it has been followed by Carlyle.

Our age doubtless will be regarded by the future historian as the age of German influence."

The following questions were asked at the close of the lecture.

The answer to each is appended:

1.

Did not Jared, his brothers and their relations retain the language of Adam?

Answer.—We read in Genesis: "The Lord did there confound the language of all the earth."But the question must be answered in the affirmative.

Book of Ether, 'And it came to pass that the brother of Jared did cry unto the Lord, and the Lord had compassion upon their friends and their families also, that they were not confounded."2.

What language do you consider the nearest to the original one?

Answer.—It is an open question. The claims of several languages have been advocated.

The Hebrew is the favored one.

Grotius has likely adopted the true view, namely, that the primitive language is not extant anywhere in a pure state.

But that the remains exist in all languages.

3.

What is your opinion of modern novels and their effect on the reader?

Answer.—Although the novel has all the wealth of style lavished upon it, it should not be read to the neglect of more important branches of literature:

Novels should be read as a relaxation.

This produces a good effect upon the mind of the reader.

The young need no encouragement in this direction.

4.

What is the most useful kind of poetry—the most potent for good influence?

Answer.—Much depends upon the culture and taste of the reader.

I think to the average mind, pastoral poetry is the most popular and instructing;

but that lyric poetry has a greater tendency to develop one's spirituality.

5.

By what method did the Normans introduce their language among the Anglo-Saxons.

Answer.—When the Anglo-Saxons were subjugated they were allowed to remain and cultivate the soil.

But their laws were changed and their proceedings in the courts were in the Norman language.

In time the Anglo Saxons abandoned many words and adopted others from the conquerors.

According to Hallam the change was brought about as follows:

First by modifying the orthography and pronunciation of words;

second, by omitting many inflections;

third, by the introduction of NormanFrench derivatives.

6.

Of the three thousand and sixtyfour languages now spoken which is the most popular?

Answer.—About a century ago the French was; to-day the English is, and it is spreading and growing very rapidly, while other languages are pasting away.

The English language will soon be spoken by one hundred and fifty millions.

Evidences are increasing of its becoming the universal language.

7.

What language was spoken when the Romans landed on the Island?

Answer.—Anglo-Saxon, which is the earliest form of English, was spoken at the time the Romans landed.

The term is derived from the names Angles and Saxons, two German tribes who conquered the Britons and named the country

Angle-land.

The ancient Britons spoke a language which is best represented by modern Welsh.

W. H. Apperley.

If we put forth our strength of body or our power of mind inordinately, without taking needed periods of rest, they will break down; but, on the other hand, if we do not exert them at all, we lose them quite as surely.

An unused muscle in time becomes inert, and the same is true of all our faculties.

Beyond a certain point, to save them means to lose them; up to a certain point, to spend them means to increase them.

THE JOURNEY OF A DAY.

THE JOURNEY OF A DAY.

Obidah, the son of Abensina left the caravansera early in the morning, and pursued his journey through the plains of Indostan.

He was fresh and vigorous with rest; he was animated with hope;

he was incited by desire, he walked swiftly forward over the valleys, and saw the hills gradually rising before him.

As he passed along, his ears were delighted with the morning song of the bird of paradise, he was fanned by the last flutters of the sinking breeze, and sprinkled with dew from groves of spices.

He sometimes contemplated the towering height of the oak, monarch of the hills; and sometimes caught the gentle fragrance of the primrose, eldest daughter of the Spring;

all his senses were gratified, and all care was banished from his heart.

Thus he went on till the sun approached his meridian, and the increased heat preyed upon his strength;

he then looked round about him for some more commodious path.

He saw, on his right hand, a grove that seemed to wave its shades as a sign of invitation; he entered it, and found the coolness and verdure irresistibly pleasant.

He did not, however, forget whither he was traveling, but found a narrow way bordered with flowers, which appeared to have the same direction with the main road;

and was pleased that, by this happy experiment, he had found means to unite pleasure with business, and to gain the rewards of diligence without suffering its fatigues. He, therefore, still continued to walk for a time, without the least remission of his ardor;

except that he was sometimes tempted to stop by the music of the birds, which the heat had assembled in the shade; and sometimes amused himself by plucking the flowers that covered the banks on each side, or the fruit that hung upon the branches.

At last the green path began to decline from its first tendency,and to wind among hills and thickets, cooled with fountains and murmuring with waterfalls.

Here Obidah paused for a time, and began to consider whether it were longer safe to forsake the known and common track;

but remembering that the heat was now at its greatest violence and that the plain was dusty and uneven, he resolved to pursue the new path, which he supposed only to make a few meanders, in compliance with the varieties of the ground, and to end at last in the common road.

Having thus calmed his solicitude, he renewed his pace, though he suspected that he was not gaining ground.

This uneasiness of his mind inclined him to lay hold on every new object, and give way to every sensation that might soothe or divert him.

He listened to every echo;

he mounted every hill for a fresh prospect;

he turned aside to every cascade; and pleased himself with tracing the course of a gentle river that rolled among the trees, and watered a large region with innumerable circumvolutions.

In these amusements the hours passed away unaccounted;

his deviations had perplexed his memory and he knew not towards what point to travel.

He stood pensive and composed, afraid to go forward lest he should go wrong, yet conscious that the time of loitering was now past.

While he was thus tortured with uncertainty, the sky was overspread with clouds; they vanished from before him; and a sudden tempest gathered round his head.

He was now roused by his danger, to a quick and painful remembrance of his folly; he now saw how happiness is lost when ease is consulted; he lamented the unmanly impatience that prompted him to seek shelter in the grove; and despised the petty curiosity that led him on from trifle to trifle.

While he was thus reflecting the air grew blacker, and a clap of thunder broke his meditation. He now resolved to do what yet remained in his power, to tread back the ground which he had passed, and tried to find some issue where the wood might open into the plain.

He prostrated himself on the

THE JOURNEY OF A DAY.

ground, and recommended his life to the

Lord of Nature.

He rose with confidence and tranquility, and pressed on with resolution.

The beasts of the desert were in motion, and on every hand were heard the mingled howls of rage and fear, and ravage and expiration.

All the harrors of darkness and solitude surrounded him;

the winds roared in the woods, and the torrents tumbled from the hills.

Thus forlorn and distressed he wandered through the wild, without knowing whither he was going, or whether he was every moment drawing nearer to safety or to destruction.

At length, not fear, but labor began to overcome him;

his breath grew short and his knees trembled; and he was on the point of lying down in resignation to his fate, when he beheld, through the branches, the glimmer of a taper.

He advanced towards the light; and finding that it proceeded from the cottage of a hermit, he called humbly at the door and obtained admission.

The old man sat before him such provisions as he had collected for himself, on which Obidah fed with eagerness and gratitude.

When the repast was over, "Tell me,"said the hermit, "by what chance thou hast been brought hither?

I have been now twenty years an inhabitant of the wilderness, in which I never saw a man before."Obidah then related the occurrences of his journey, without any concealment or palliation.

"Son,"said the hermit, "let the errors or follies, the danger and escape of this day, sink deep into thy heart.

Remember, my son, that human life is the journey of a day. We rise in the morning of youth, full of vigor and full of expectation; jve set forward with spirit and hope, with gayety and with diligence, and travel on awhile in the direct road of piety, towards the mansions of rest.

In a short time we remit our fervor and endeavor to find some mitigation of our duty, and some more easy means of obtaining the same end. We then relax our vigor,and resolve no longer to be terrified with crimes at a distance, but rely upon our own constancv, and venture to approach I what we resolve never to touch. We thus enter the bowers of ease, and repose in the shades of security.

"Here the heart softens, and vigilance subsides; we are then willing to inquire whether another advance cannot be made, and whether we may not, at least, turn our eyes upon the gardens of pleasure.

We approach them with scruple and hesitation; we enter them, but enter timorous and trembling; and always hope to pass through them without losing the road of virtue, which, for a while, we keep in our sight, and to which we propose to return.

But temptation succeeds temptation, and one compliance prepares us for another; we in time lose the happiness of innocence, and solace our disquiet with sensual gratifications.

By degrees -we let fall the remembrance of our original intention, and quit the only adequate object of rational desire.

We entangle ourselves in business, immerge ourselves in luxury, and rove through the labyrinths.

of inconstancy;

till the darkness of old age begins to invade us, and disease and anxiety obstruct our way. We then look back upon our lives with horror, with sorrow, with repentance; and wish, but too often vainly wish, that we had not forsaken the ways of virtue.

"Happy are they, my son, who shall learn from thy example not to despair;

but shall remember that though the day is past, their strength is wasted, there yet remains one effort to be made; that reformation is never hopeless,nor sincere endeavors ever unassisted that the wanderer may at length return after alii his errors;

and that he who implores-'strength and courage from above, shall find danger and difficulty give way before him.

Go now to thy repose;

commit thyself to the care of Omnipotance; and when the morning calls again to toil, begin anew thy Journey and thy

Life."Samuel Johnson.

The little work tables of women's fingers are the playgrounds of women's fancies, and their knitting needles are fairy wands, by which they transform the whole room into a spirit isle of dreams.

EL EMPERADOR.

EL EMPERADOR.

Eighteen years ago last June the Emperor Maximilian fell, pierced by bullets, on the hillside at Queretaro, a slight eminence, of which the tourist via the Central Railway may catch a passing glimpse as he enters that interesting old town.

But eighteen years have not sufficed to obliterate the memory of the emperor.

In the curio shops here you still find the "Maximilian dollar"his effigy, and the beautiful Paseo remains to testify to his purpose of making this enchantingly situated capital the Paris of the New World.

A sturdily built, handsome young fellow, himself the grandson of another Mexican emperor, walks the streets of the city.

This young man, accomplished and athletic, was adopted by Maximilian as his heir, and, though a revival of imperialism is impossible, the Prince

Iturbide, as he is universally called, may yet take an important part in the game of Mexican politics.

The same government which cherished the memory of the Emperor Iturbide refuses to preserve the memorial of the reign of the Emperor Maximilian.

Wandering through the executive departments at the national palace the other day, I noted that wherever Maximilian had left the crowned eagle, the government had obliterated the crown and left the Mexican eagle crownless in Republican simplicity.

But in the splendid chamber where President Diaz receives visitors the crowned eagle remains.

The superb room is hung with crimson silk, on which is everywhere to be seen the crown imperial eagle in raised figure.

To have cut out the crown would have been to spoil the hangings, and so they have been left; mute memorials of the dead ruler of Mexico.

In the vast apartment known as the Hall of Ambassadors—a place which every tourist should visit—the portrait of the Emperor Iturbide remains, but there is no relic of Maximilian.

You must go to the National Museum, also in the palace, to see Maximilian's state dinner service, which was an outrageous cheat if he paid the price of silver for it, because it is nothing but a wretched composite of basemetals thinly plated, the proportion being ninety-five per cent, base metal and five per cent, silver.

Maximilian's state carriage remains on show, and a really gorgeous affair it is.

His bust, by a Mexican artist, is also preserved in the museum, where also are his orders and insignia.

But all these things are preserved, as we might keep the uniform of a captured British general, as trophies of victory over an invader.

The Mexican government has not persecuted the partisans of the emperor.

On the very street where I am writing lives, in a noble casa, the spokesman of the deputation of notables, who crossed the ocean to tender to Maximilian of Miramar the fatal imperial crown.

The other day I read over the address of this deputation, in which was vaunted the superiority of monarchial institutions, and the assertion made that the Mexican people desired the Austrian prince to come and reign over them;

that they, were weary of Republicanism and interminable internecine strife.

The reply of the prince was enthusiastic, and in that same spirit Maximilian and Carlotta crossed the seas, believing that they were the desired of the Mexican people.

Their deception must have been complete.

Prints of that time represent the triumphal arches erected on the main avenue of the capital, and through that avenue you see passing the carriage of the emperor, with Carlotta by his side, the emperor bowing to the right and left, acknowledging the plaudits of the populace.

Personally, Maximilian was very popular with the common people.

His memory is not execrated, but rather he is regarded with a pathetic sort of regret mingled with reproachfulness.

Maximilian was under bad influences.

His military advisers here were mercilessly severe.

They counseled harsh meas-

EL EMPERADOR.

ures, and made the emperor believe that he had exhausted the resources of kindness and should put the knife in up to the hilt.

Maximilian and his wife were the ideal sovereigns of the story books.

They were easy in their manners and kind to the common people; they were fond of one another, and had all the lovable virtues, but the Mexican people, fiercely fond of liberty, resented their intrusion, and Juarez, the constitutional president, had earnest popular support in his prolonged resistance to the Empire.

The fatal blunder of Maximilian, a blunder which has left a stain on his name, was the issuance of the order that all of the liberal chiefs taken in arms after the expiration of Juarez's term should be shot as traitors to the Empire.

Juarez remonstrated, urging that he was president, even after his term of office expired, until the country could peacefully elect his successor.

That was sensible ground, and history sustains the Mexican patriot.

Maximilian's decree was merciless, and the fates measured out to him as he had meted to others.

It was in Queretaro that Maximilian made his final stand after the withdrawal of the French troops at a word of warning from Mr. Seward.

It is a lovely old city, with a splendid aqueduct in Roman manner, many ancient and picturesque churches and a soft and genial climate.

Then, as now, it was a stronghold of the Church party, the very citadel of Catholicism in Mexico.

Maximilian was here besieged and overthrown, and imprisoned in the Convent of Capuchinos, and thence, after the famous court-martial, led out to the Hills of the Bells to be shot.

Recent disclosures regarding the last hours of the emperor will destroy many legends of the fatal day, and I will here relate the contents of a document, which the priest Soria lately dictated, shortly prior to his own death.

Soria was the emperor's confessor and was with him during his last few days, and what he here says must pass into history as the true account of Maximilian's last moments, an account not yet printed in English.

It was of Soria that Maximilian said: "It is I who must console this good priest and not let him become utterly overcome.""The night before his death,"says the Confessor Soria, "the emperor wrote two letters, one to the pope and the other to his mother.

He confided both to me, together with a handkerchief for his mother.

On the following morning I accompanied him to the place ot execution.

The cortege was composed of three wretched coaches.

I got into the first with the emperor, while Miramon and Mejia occupied, with their confessors, the other two.

Hardly had we left the Convent of the Capuchinos when

I was surprised to see Maximilian strike his breast, saying:

'I have put eight handkerchiefs here to keep the blood from staining my uniform.'All the rest of the way the emperor busied himself with praying and recommending his soul to God.

But on seeing the Hill of the Bells, he exclaimed:

'There is where I had thought to hoist the standard of victory, and there is where I am going to die!

Life is a play!'And, after some moments of silence,he added:

'What a beautiful view!

And what a beautiful day to die!'When he arrived at the place of execution, it was found difficult to open the dooe of the coach.

Then Maximilian,being impatient,leaped out of the window, knocking off his hat.

"He handed me the crucifix,embracing me.

He also embraced Miramon and Mejia, distributed some gold coin among the soldiers who were to shoot him, and then, in a strong voice, pronounced in Spanish, these words:

'I forgive everybody, and I ask that all may forgive me, and I desire that my blood, which is going to be shed, may be for the good of

Mexico.

Long live Mexico!

Long live her Independence!'Immediately he placed his hand on his breast, indicating the spot for the soldiers to take aim at.

Then the drums sounded, and in the presence of the four thousand soldiers assembled, it was proclaimed that whoever should raise his voice in behalf of the condemned man would be made to suffer the same penalty.

Not a murmur

EL EMPERADOR.

was heard among the immense crowd standing behind the troops.

At a given signal three platoons fired.

Miramon and Mejia fell dead at once, but Maximilian did not die at the first discharge and uttered three groans.

Then they gave him the coup de grace."The priest Soria denied that Maximilian, as the legend goes,gave the post of honor at the place of execution to Miramon, saying: "A brave man merits the respect of his sovereign; take the place of honor."

The placing of the condemned was by accident.

Thus a picturesque legend is dissipated.

The beautiful castle of Chapultepec, which is being refitted gorgeously for the future official residence of Mexican presidents, was occupied by Maximilian, and, until recently, remained just as he left it, but his embellishments have been mostly obliterated and the newly ornamented apartments will not, by their familiarity, tempt the shade of the dead emperor to revisit the castle.

Wandering under the ancient trees, which sheltered the emperor Montezuma and his court, from the rays of the tropical sun, one cannot help recalling the historical procession, which has passed beneath their gigantic branches.

Before New York was founded, here was a royal palace, and here a gorgeous court found its amusements, and the rigid ceremonial etiquette of an Aztec imperialism was enforced. But no ghostly legend is related of the forest of Chapultepec, although here fell many Mexicans and Americans in the assault on the heights, during the war in which Scott won glory and Grant his earliest laurels.

Across the seas, in the Castle of Miramar, situated itself in a grand old park, the Emperor Maximilian's shade is supposed to walk uneasily.

This story is now being related here in Mexico: Some four months ago, at noon, a stranger arrived, in a modest hired carriage, at the castle.

He was dressed in a lightgray suit like any traveler, and asked that he might be admitted to look at the interior of the castle.

The servants were completely overcome with astonishment and were filled with surprise and stupor.

They, who are all ancient servitors of the poor Archduke Maximilian, thought they saw before them Maximilian himself in flesh and bones.

The stranger had the voice, the gesture, the physiognomy of him who wished to be emperor of Mexico.

But the astonishment of the servants grew still greater when the strange visitor,passing through the halls and rooms of the castle,showed himself to be perfectly at home, noting verbally all the changes which had been made in them since the archduke had left them.

He noticed and commented on tlie fact that in one saloon the pictures had been transferred from one side of the apartment to the other.

He also spoke of the excellent preservation of a carpet.

And so he went on talking.

Coming in front of a portrait of Carlotta he stopped to gaze on it, and, full of emotion, exclaimed:

"Pobrecita"Poor litte woman!

For three hours the strange visitor wandered over the castle, and seemed as if he could not bear to tear himself away.

He recognized one of the servants, and remarked to him that he had met him on board Maximilian's yacht.

Before the stranger left, one of the servants made bold to ask him his name, but the mysterious visitor excused himself, saying he had not his card case with him.

The servants, believing they had really seen Maximilian, reported the matter to the steward of the castle, who reproved them for speaking of the matter at all, and enjoined absolute silence.

But here is another circumstance which heightens the mystery.

Five days afterward a German stranger came to the castle,who said he came from Vienna.

Speaking to the servants, he said that he knew the emperor had been at the castle a few days before, and added immediately, that the Emperor had gone to Dalmatia.

—Boston Herald.

A man should never be ashamed to own he has been in the wrong.

The purse had better be empty than filled with other folk's money.

JOHN RUSKIN AND HIS HOME.

JOHN RUSKIN AND HIS HOME.

One June morning, after enjoying Ambleside, in the English lake district, we drove nine miles to Lake Coniston, on which is Ruskin's home, called "Brantwood."A square lodge, coated with mortar rugged with pebbles, as are many of the English houses, stands at the entrance.

Further on, upon an elevation overlooking the loveliest of lakes and noblest of mountains, is the home ot the famous author.

It is covered, like the lodge, with rough mortar, except a large addition of blue slate, and it is low and rambling, as though made for rest and enjoyment.

Over it clamber vines of several varieties, one thick with white flowers and red berries.

Close to the house are beds of yellow poppies, as though no inch of ground should fail to add its share of beauty.

Behind is a steep mountain, where Ruskin geologizes, bringing down large pieces of rock in his hands.

This is a study he especially loves.

He says:

"I was forced to write upon art by an accident (the public abuse of Turner) when I was two-and-twenty; but

I had written a 'Mineralogical Dictionary'as far as C, and invented a short-hand symbolism for crystalline forms before I was fourteen; and have been at stony work ever since, as I could find time;

silently, not caring to speak much till the chemist had given me more help."

All about the home are ash, spruce, holly, chesnut and oak trees, furnishing shade and comfort.

Within, one finds a perfect treasure-house of art, science and literature.

As you enter,the square hall, green in color, is brightened by three drawings of Burne Jones: "Fair Rosamond,""Thisbe"and "Cleopatra,"with some sketches by Prout, and by Ruskin's own pencil.

The drawingroom is furnished in delicate blue, with some pieces in rich golden satin, while the walls are in handsome figured paper in subdued tints.

Rugs are on the floor.

A plant, with exquisitely shaded leaves, stands on the table in the centre of the room.

The dining-hall is one of the most cheerful of the apartments, furnished in pea-green.

Here are the family portraits—much more attractive to look upon while at meals than fish or dead birds.

The picture of the mother represents her as a woman of uncommon sweetness and strength; that of the father shows a fine, manly face.

Mogt winsome of all is that of a three-yearold boy, with flaxen hair, bright-blue eyes; dressed in white, with blue shoes and a sash of the same color.

This is painted by Northcote, who says that when the little John Ruskin was brought to sit for his picture, he had not been ten minutes in the room before he inquired, "Why there were holes in his carpet?"Here also is a famous portrait of Andrea

Gritti, by Titian, and an "Annunciation"by the great Tintoretto.

Here is sweet Angelica Kauffman, painted by Sir Joshua Reynolds; Raphael, from life; Young

Reynolds, by his own hands, and Turner, at the age of seventeen, by himself.

Here were playing the pretty children of Mrs. Severn, Ruskin's neice, of whom he is very fond,and who brightens what, even with all its art, would otherwise be a lonely house.

For what is genius in a home without the sunshine of affection and sympathy?

Mr. Ruskin's sleeping-room, up-stairs, is simple, in light chintz, with bureau, washstand and bedstead of mahogany;

but the pictures are worth a fortune.

The walls are closely covered with Turners, incased in blue cambric, lest the light fade the exquisite colors. They seem like bits of real sunshine, or tree, or building.

Here is a "Carnarvon Castle,"and others about which he has written in "Modern Painters."The adjoining room, where he used to work, but which he left from a prolonged illness, has a tower with glass on each side, so that no sunrise or sunset may be lost to view.

Most attractive of all is the master's study, furnished in green.

Books fill cases on every side—one for classics, one for botany, another for geology,

7o JOHN RUSKIN AND HJS HOME.

while still another is filled with old books and manuscripts.

I look out of the window across the lake, upon an ivy-covered house with tower, once the home of Sir Philip Sidney, and then taking from the case a French book that once belonged to the famous man, I read his name.

How these things link us to the past! Here is a work on Dante, with "Michael Angelo Buonarotti"written in a fine hand—his autograph.

Here is a large Chaucer of 1694, with some verses in Addison's handwriting.

Mr.

Ruskin evidently likes autographs, although he has been obliged to issue a circular, stating that he was not able to comply with the request for his own.

Probably life has become too valuable to spare the time.

Here also is a manuscript Greek Testament of the tenth century;

an illuminated book of music of an early •date; the prayer-book of St. Louis on vellum, illuminated with work so fine that a microscope is required to see its beauty.

Here are some of the "Waverley"novels in the original manuscript, and a bound volume of Sir Walter Scott's letters in his own writing.

Linnaeus's "Botany"is here, with notes by Thomas Gray. A desk is opened, and it is full of Turners.

Another desk has a most beautiful collection of gold, diamonds and other precious stones, laid on crimson or purple velvet;

also the finest assortment of agates, probably, in the world.

In one part of the room is a bundle of walking-sticks, hammers and big pieces of basalt, which Ruskin has brought down from the mountain.

His seal, the word "To-day,"is graven on the end of a piece of chalcedony, five or six inches long, like a stalactite.

Here are vases from Rome and Greece, and this threecornered inkstand once belonged to Galileo.

Here is a piece of a font from

Florence, executed by Niccolo Pisano.

In the centre of the room is a circular table, covered with green cloth, where the student does his work.

And what a student!

He may work for a month on geology, then if he tires, he turns to botany and writes a book; then to art;

then, dearest of all, to his work for the poor.

More interesting by far than the home, is the gifted man who lives here, childless, but with a wealth of affection for man and beast and flower.

Literature furnishes no man like him—unique in character and munificent with both brain and hand.

The only son of a London merchant, he was born February 8th, 1819.

"I was accustomed,"he says, "for two or three years, to no other prospect than that of the brick walls over the way; had no brothers nor sisters nor companions; and though could always make myself happy in a quiet way, the beauty of the mountains had an additional charm of change and adventure for me, which a country-bred child could not have felt."In his boyhood he was taken by his parents in leisurely carriage-travel to nearly all the cathedrals, picture galleries and castles of England.

"In such journeys,whenever they brought me near hills, and in all mountain ground and scenery, I had a pleasure, as early as I can remember, and continuing, till

I was eighteen or twenty, infinitely greater than any which has been possible to me in anything else."

His mother intended him to be a clergyman, but he loved nature and art too well to give himself to any other profession.

"She forced me,"he says, "to learn long chapters of the Bible by heart, as well as to read it every syllable through aloud, hard names and all, from Genesis to the Apocalypse, about once a year;

and to that discipline, patient, accurate and resolute, I owe not only my knowledge of the book but much of my general power of taking pains, and the best part of my taste in literature."He was educated by private tutors, and was graduated from Christchurch College, Oxford, at the age of 'twentythree.

The next year, 1843, appeared his first volume of "Modern Painters,"which was really a defense of the artist Turner.

Claude, the Poussins, Cuyp and Ruysdael received unfavorable mention compared with Turner, whom the "undergraduate"lauded to the skies.

JOHN RUSKIN AND HIS HO ME.

The critics denounced the book and its unknown author in no delicate terms;

but soon the world began to study Turner!

Three years later, after much study in Italy, the second volume of "Modern Painters"was produced, discussing the various schools of Italian art.

The critics began to change their tone.

The North British Review called the book "very delightful and extraordinary, full of truth and goodness and power and beauty; and what is more and better than all, everywhere throughout the work we trace evidences of a deep reverence and a godly fear—a-perpetual though subdued acknowledgement of the Almighty as the sum and substance, the beginning and the ending, of all truths, of all power, of all goodness and of all beauty."Ruskin taught artists to "go to Nature in all singleness of heart, and walk with her laboriously and trustfully, having no thought but how to penetrate her best meaning."Some young artists adopted these suggestions, and the Pre-Raphaelite School began, with such leading members as Millais, Holman Hunt and Dante Gabriel Rossetti.

In 1849 "Seven Lamps of Architecture"was published, and between and 1853, the "Stones of Venice,"on which he labored for two years, giving an account of nearly every building in that quaint and historic old city.

The London Times said: "It is in the highest degree eloquent, acute, stimulating to thought and fertile in suggestion.

It will, we are convinced, elevate taste and intellect, raise the tone of moral feeling, kindle benevolence towards men, and increase the love and fear of God."While through the early years the critics made his pathway thorny, he had a solace which few writers possess nearly eight hundred thousand dollars left him by his parents!

This gave him leisure for study, and saved him from the harassments incident to the earning of one's daily bread.

After writing various other books on art—such as "Lectures on Architecture and

Painting,"in 1855; "Giotto and his Works,"in 1855;

"Lectures on Art, Decoration and Manufacture,"1859—having effected by his pen a revolution in art matters, he turned his mind to Political Economy, finding as he believed, grave errors in the teachings of John Stuart Mill.

He now wrote "Unto this Last,"in i860, four essays which appeared in Com/iill, and which Ruskin himself says will stand the surest and longest of anything he has written.

Again the critics laughed him to scorn, called his suggestions "childish panaceas,"and were "profoundly sad"at his fanaticism and foolishness, which seemed to them little less than idiocy.

His plans for the betterment of humanity were these:

First—That there should be trainingschools for youth established, at Government cost, and under Government discipline, over the whole country; that every child born in the country should, at the parents'wish, be permitted to pass through them.

In these schools children were to be taught the laws oi health, gentleness and justice, and the calling by which they were to live.

Secondly—that, in connection with these training-schools, there should be established, also entirely under Government regulation, manufactories and workshops, for the production and sale of every necessary of life, and for the exercise of every useful art.

Thirdly—That any man, or woman, or boy, or girl, out of employment, should be at once received at the nearest Government school, and set to such work as it appeared, on trial, they were fit for, at a fixed rate of wages determinable every year;

that, being incapable of work through ignorance, they should be taught, or being found incapable of work through sickness, should be tended.

Lastly—That. for the old and destitute, comfort and home should be provided, and not be considered a disgrace, "for,"said Mr. Ruskin, "a laborer serves his country with his spade, just as a man in the middle ranks of life serves it with sword, pen, or lancet."When asked where the funds for the schools should come from, he replied:

"The economy in crime alone, which such schools would induce, would suf-

JOHN RUSKIN AND HIS HOME.

fice to support them ten times over.

Their economy of labor would be pure gain."This book was written before England was wise enough to start free compulsory schools for her children, and the idea of free compulsory training, or industrial schools, was thought to be the scheme of a man who had lost his mind.

Now, twenty-five years after,every civilized

State is asking itself whether it must, for its own safety, not only educate its children to save ignorance, but teach them a trade by which to earn a living, that idleness and crime may be restrained. A State whose people do not know how to support themselves will fall at the hands of that same untaught people.

The plan of providing work for those who are willing, but cannot find it, has many advocates.

There are those who claim that it would be as wise and legitimate for the State to loan land in the great West to laborers, who need assistance to start farming, as for the State to give large sums to railroad companies.

The one is conceded to be a great help in the development of the

State: why not the other? as it stimulates industrious workmen, and is a safeguard to the State in the prevention of pauperism and crime.

Having seen around him so much poverty and overwork, so many illassorted marriages with large families, he urges the following suggestions: "Permission to many should be the reward held in sight of youth during the entire latter course 'of their education, and it should be granted as the national attestation that the first portion of their lives had been rightly fulfilled.

The granting of it should be a public testimony to the fact that the youth or maid to whom it was given had lived a modest and virtuous life, and had attained such skill in their proper handicraft, and in arts of household economy, as might give wellfounded expectations of their being able honorably to maintain and teach their children.

No girl should receive her permission to marry before her seventeenth birthday, nor any youth before his twenty- first.""They should be entitled to claim, if they needed it, according to their position in life, a fixed income from the State, for seven years from the day of their marriage, for the setting up of their home; and however rich they might be by inheritance, their income should not be permitted to exceed a given sum but should accumulate in the trust of the State so that rich and poor should not be sharply separated in the beginning of the war of life, but the one supported against the first stress of it long enough to enable them, by proper forethought and economy, to secure their footing, and the other trained somewhat in the use of moderate means before they were permitted to have command of abundant ones."He believes ''that one of the most important conditions of a healthful spirit of social economy would be the restraint of the properties and incomes of the upper classes within certain fixed limits.

The temptation to use any energy in the accumulation of wealth being thus removed, another and a higher ideal of the duties of advanced life would be necessarily created in the national mind."He suggests that this law "would never be enforced on themselves by the upper classes,"but should be "gradually.

brought into force from beneath, without violent proceedings."

Blackwood's Magazine questioned whether "inextinguishable laughter is fit criticism for such a scheme;"but the world has gone on thinking in the last two decades, and the harm done to society by the ownership of too much money or too much land by the individual is now being made a subject of legislation.

Mr. Ruskin's next books were "Ethics of the Dust,""Talks on Minerals,""Aratra Pentelici,"six "Lectures on the

Elements of Sculpture,""Proserpina,"a book on botany, "Love's Meinie,"a book on birds, "Sesame and Lilies,"and many more.

His "Fors Clavigera,"letters to workingmen, has been pubished in pamphlet form, at a few pence each, since January ist, 1S71.

He gets his title, he tells us, from Horace. "Fors is the best part of three good English

JOHN RUSKIN AND HIS HOME} words—force, fortitude and fortune Clavigera may mean either club-bearer, key-bearer or nail-bearer."In these letters he describes, at length, one of the most important philanthropic works of his life, "St. George's Guild."He was moved to this work by the misery in England.

He says, "I simply cannot paint, nor read, nor look at minerals, nor do anything else I like;

and the very light of the morning sky, when there is any—which is seldom nowadays near London—has become hateful to me because of the misery that I know of, and see signs of, when I know it not, which no imagination can interpret too bitterly.""I am not rich (as people now estimate riches), and great part of what I now have is already engaged in maintaining ait- workmen, or for other objects more or less of public utility."Mr. Ruskin has given away sometimes in a single year, as high as seventy-six thousand five hundred dollars.

He has given his poor relations about eighty-five thousand dollars;

to endow a master of drawing in the Taylor galleries at Oxford, twenty-five thousand dollars; and he has but two hundred and fifty thousand dollars or less remaining.

"The tenth of whatever is left to me, estimated as accurately as I can (you shall see the accounts), I will make over to you in perpetuity, with the best security that English law can give, on Christmas day of this year (1871), with engagement to add the tithe of whatever I can earn afterward. We will try to make some small piece of English ground beautiful, peaceful and fruitful.

We will have no steam engines upon it, and no railroads; we will have no untended or unthought-of creatures upon it;

none wretched but the sick; none idle but the dead.

The object of the society is to buy land in England, and thereon to train into the healthiest and most refined life possible as many Englishmen,

Englishwomen and English children as the land we possess can maintain in comfort;

to establish for them and their descendants a national store of continually augmenting wealth, and to organize the government of the persons and the administration of the properties, under laws which shall be just to all, and secure in their inviolable foundation on the law of God.

Each family will at first be put on its trial for a year without any lease of the land.

If they behave well they shall have a lease for three years;

if through that time they satisfy their officers, a lifelong lease with power to purchase.

The children will "be required to attend training schools for bodily exercise and music, with other education.

Every household will have its library, given it from the fund, and consisting of a fixed number of volumes, some constant, the others chosen by each family out of a list of permitted books, from which they afterward may increase their library if they choose."

Mr. Ruskin's life has been a constant study to uplift the world.

He has the right to say, "I have labored always for the honor of others, not my own, and have chosen rather to make men look to Turner and Luini than to form or exhibit the skill of my own hand.

I have lowered my rents and assured the comfortable lives of my poor tenants.

*.

I would rather watch a seagull fly than shoot it, and rather hear a thrush sing than eat it.

I never disobeyed my mother;

I have honored all women with solemn worship."He has received many and varied honors.

In 1S67 he was appointed Rede Lecturer at Cambridge University, which institution conferred upon him the degree of LL. D. He was afterward elected Slade Professor of Fine Arts at

Oxford, and was re-elected in 1S76.

For five years he lectured gratuitously at the Workingmen's College in London, started by the noble Frederick Denison

Maurice.

Mr. Ruskin is a genial man, shy in manner, slight in physique, with kind blue eyes and sunny face.

His friends think he is the best conversationalist in the world.

Selected.

Wrong-doers are never secure of their greatness or gain.

EDITORIAL

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, November, 1885.

SOCIAL PURITY.

We are living in times of peculiar interest; when lessons of the greatest value are being taught by circumstances of the utmost importance.

The world is being wrought up, in sentiments of the bitterest hatred and intoleradon, by unprincipled men;

representatives of a society, which, from reliable accounts, is far from that condition of purity, prescribed in the moral law, and professed by modern Christendom.

The social institutions of our people have been taken up and made an excuse for persecuting us. We can but view the furore raised over our marital relations, as an excuse for persecution, inspired of the evil one; who finds ready and willing tools among those, who are debased in their own lives and practices.

It is a singular fact that the most relentless persecutors of the truth, who have delighted in inflicting punishment upon the servants of God, and using their influence and power against His work, are men whose lives are not pure.

This has been the case in the past history of our people; those who distinguished themselves in Missouri and Illinois as leaders of mobs, who drove the people away from those States, have generally reaped, as a just reward of unvirtuous, intemperate and wicked lives, sorrow in old age and graves of dishonor.

They have passed away, and no man misses them, or regrets their departure.

Thus as the Psalmist says:

"I have seen the wicked in great power and spreading himself like a green bay tree, yet he passed away, and lo, he was not.

Yea, I sought him, and he could not be found."While we are living in a time which promises even severer persecutions than our fathers suffered;

when the wrath of the wicked is permitted to wage a relentless warfare, which may involve not only the liberties, but the lives of many adherents of the truth;

it is a time, in which the grandest lessons of experience are to be learned, and foundations laid in the characters of our youth, upon which may be built the noblest superstructures our age has ever seen.

Let us, in the midst of these events, diligently heed the precious lessons they are designed to teach.

From without, we are assailed on the pretense of our immorality; from within, we are sustained and being made strong by purging forth iniquity.

No better testimony could be borne to the truth of this work than is daily given, in the efforts made to purify the people and perfect their lives.

While our leaders are under bonds and in prison, or driven from their homes, for supposed acts of vice made criminal by the law;

they are not indifferent to the real condition of our society, nor slow in their endeavors to improve it.

Thus sin is being exposed and those who commit acts unworthy of a Saint, whether high or low, are being called to account; that Zion may be purified and be prepared to claim the interposition of Providence, in the day of trial which is before her.

In the face of persecution, at a time when, in the opinion of the world, it would be considered suicidal to confess the existence of immorality in our midst, men, occupying the highest places, are openly exposed and excommunicated from the Church. Could there be a more sincere testimony given to our purity of faith, or to our confident trust in God, and not in man, for a successful issue to the present warfare?

Men relying upon each other and their own strength to fight their battles do not sacrifice before the enemy,nor expose their weaknesses.

In the consciousness that God still lives, and rules, and governs and has not forgotten, and will not desert His people, our leaders fear not the enmity of man;

but fearing God, they disregard the

EDITORIAL.

former and seek with all candor and honesty to faithfully administer the law of the latter.

Through the observance of the word of God, we will be made better, and consequently stronger, increasing in power, and nearing the great victory as we become purer and more faithful in observing the law of the Creator. We are enjoined by the grave circumstances surrounding us, as well as by the teachings of the authorities of the Church, to keep ourselves pure and virtuous, and holy, that we may secure the smile and favor of heaven, and stand up in the strength of a good conscience to meet the onslaughts of the wicked, and contend with power against the enemy of mankind.

There is no other course for the youth of Zion to pursue.

Were there nothing for us to depend upon, other than the strength of numbers, or the natural ability and advantageous surroundings that we possess, the cause in which we are engaged would indeed appear to be a hopeless one.

But we have the promise of the Lord that He will be our friend if we keep His commandments,that He will fight our battles and win our victories if we will humbly obey His laws and honor Him.

That if we will acknowledge Him in our private lives, in our daily walk and conversation among men, and do nothing to bring His law into reproach, or grieve His holy spirit, He will honor us before men, and make of us His people, and He will be our God, and all the world shall have to acknowledge Him.

To gain favor with the Lord and be worthy of his especial protection and blessing, we must be chaste and upright in our conduct towards our fellow men, and our social intercourse must be without reproach and without sin.

If we are a people of this character, we are at once distinguished for the favor and blessing of God.

It is well known that the society of the world—of modern Christendom not only tolerates, but fosters and sustains vice in its most hideous forms, setting at naught the commandments of God, and the rights of men and women, especially the latter, to exercise the holy functions, with which they are endowed for righteous purposes. The society of the world which is so often quoted to the Latter-day Saints, as the foundation on which our government is based and perpetuated, bans social impurity with its lips, but takes the monster to its breast, where it is eating away the vitals of that society; until,one would think, in its mad assault upon the purer lives and holier institutions, which characterize the Latter-day Saints, that it is in its death throes.

Satan is shrewd enough to know that if we would accept modern society in lieu of that which God has given us, his victor\ would be complete.

We cannot doubt that he inspires those who labor to this end, for they do not pretend to supplant our social institutions with those which are purer, but with those which are more agreeable to them.

Their invitation is not to be better than we already are, but to "be like them,"which we cannot condescend to accept, without doing violence to conscience and sinning in the sight of God.

Therefore, with all our regard for the world, and appreciation of its greatness, progress, education and enlightenment it offers nothing to compare with the institutions of Zion.

God has called us to be teachers and leaders of the world, and not followers of its ways, nor supporters of its evils.

We have to throw around us, early in life, safeguards to protect us from the temptations and allurements of sin, as well as to fortify ourselves against the seductions of the wicked, who are inspired to destroy us.

There is no other principle upon which we can make ourselves impregnable to these assaults but virtue;

the observance of the law of chastity in our persons; the avoidance of the very appearance of evil. In teaching these principles to the youth of Zion, the Improvement Associations have an important and responsible mission to perform.

Our society will be whatever we determine it shall be.and strive to make it. We can elevate its tone,and make our social relations pure and delightful, by

HA TRED.

observing the law of the Lord, and controlling ourselves according to His commandments avoiding excesses, and being temperate in all our pleasures.

Sin, which may ruin our lives;

from which we may possibly never be able to repent, is committed, sometimes, not because of the love of sin, or a desire to set at naught the commandments of God; but through weakness and folly, induced by lightmindedness and thoughtless disregard of those proprieties, which should be observed in all our social gatherings, and private intercourse with each other.

The Improvement Associations should teach their membSrs in plainness, the awful consequences of such sins, and to avoid them as though they were* the jaws of death.

Nothing that we can do has such awful consequences, following us to the grave—perhaps beyond—as the violation of the law of chastity.

Anciently, this sin was punished with death;

in this dispensation, its penalty is excommunication from the Church, and a life of dishonor, with hopes cut off of eternal blessings, compared to which all that the world can give is but tinkling brass and a sounding cymbal.

It is worth our consideration to secure our footsteps in the ways of truth, in the path of endless progress, protected from the power of the wicked, secured against the evil one, and practicing the truths which lead us on to perfect and endless lives.

Let us delight in the law of the Lord, while we are young, and do nothing that shall grieve away

His spirit from us.

So shall we live and witness the triumph of Zion over all her foes; and the triumph of Zion is the victory of the pure in heart.

Manner is one of the greatest engines of influence ever given to man.

HATRED.

Hatred born of revenge perisheth!

In the red-heat of passion it arrays the wicked against the wicked and armies rise against armies, but amid the smoke and blood of war, vengeful hate is quenched in the tears of widows and orphans.

But pale-visaged hate, born of the malice of hell, never dies!

When fronting innocence, to compass and destroy, it knows neither justice nor mercy, but is pitiless, unrelenting, vigilant, sleepless.

From time immemorial the lamentations and woes of a fallen world, attest how painfully hard to bear have been the burdens, with which the undying malice of the disciples of hate, have loaded the good and true.

Who can fathom the depths of human depravity, by which men are able to pass heedlessly by the suffering of the innocent oppressed,while applauding priests, who, with a kiss of the cross, promise from the gallows, to the soul condemned of

God, a safe conduct to and eternal rest in the bosom of the sinless Christ? Why do Christian hearts beat with compassionate sympathy when red-handed murder, dripping in the blood of innocence, meets a just doom;

but throb emotionless at the misery of the good who perish, at the hands of the ungodly?

Human philosophy and divine reason tell us that there can be no effect without a cause, but who can tell why Israel's bondage and the premeditated, wanton destruction of his male children, excited no pity in the breasts of their murderers?

What spirit prompted the slaying of

Abel, the selling of Joseph into Egypt, and the enactment of the special decrees by which loyal Daniel and his three Hebrew brethren, were entrapped and forced to violate conscience or meet, as the wicked believed, a horrible death?

Who can comprehend the bitter malice of the Jews, who with mocking tongues taunted the guileless Son of God, while watching with serpent eyes, the agonies that slowly gathered on His sinless brow, the dews of death?

What demon of hate stoned Stephen the Good while yet his

HA TKED.

pure spirit beheld the heavenly throne;

and hounded to ignominious death, the

Apostles of the Lamb?

Why did Nero dress women and children in the skins of wild beasts, and behold with delight fierce dogs tare their quivering flesh, and smile when his garden walks were lighted up by impafed Christians, wrapt in shirts of fire?

What spirit in the year A. D. 303, prompted Diocletian to multiply government officials as instruments of oppression, and, by an edict requiring uniformity of worship throughout the Roman Empire, force his Christian subjects beyond the pale of the law, that he might have a pretext for utterly destroying a class of faithful loyal citizens, whose friendship he held in contempt, and whose lives, in every province, he sacrificed by thousands, while confiscating their property, and burning their churches?

And what mysterious overruling Providence turned those murderous persecutions into powerful agencies for the spreading of their faith, by filling the place of every dead Christian, with two or more living ones, until within the brief period of eleven years after the issuance of the edict to ban a hated religion, that hated religion became dominant, while he who sought to quench it, heart sick, and in disgrace, was dethroned?

Did that merciful God who so loved the world that He gave

His only begotten Son to die for its sins, inspire the hatred that, with the unerring instinct of bloodhounds, tracked up and brought to the wheel, rack, dungeon and flame defenseless Paulines, Waldenses and Vandois?

Who was the father of the "Holy Inquisition"that baptized the world in fire and shrouded earth in the woe of a wakeless nightmare?

By what power did Charles the IX of France gaze unmoved on the festering wind-rows of decomposing humanity heaped in the streets of Paris, by treacherous murder most foul; and when his courtiers sickened at the horrible sight, who inspired him to exclaim;

"Why, the smell of a dead enemy is always sweet to me!"And when the awful news reached Philip of Spain that thirty thousand Huguenots lay rotting in the streets of Paris, what spirit caused that melancholy king to laugh out-right, the only time in his life? Why did the Pope of Rome cause the illumination of the Vatican, and of St.

Peters',in commemoration of that wholesale tragedy, and in the midst of rejoicing, pronounce bloody Charles the defender of the faithful?

What demon banished ninety thousand Moorish Jews, thereby killing forever the prosperity and greatness of Spain?

Did a kindred spirit drive our fathers across the seas, and bind their limbs with British fetters?

Who tore up with shot and shell the sacred soil of Lexington and Bunker Hill, and drenched it with the blood of patriots?

What spirit inspired the "Christian"ministers that hated and hounded the boy Joseph Smith because he claimed to have seen and talked with heavenly messengers?

Did Christ or Belial foster the malice by which he was tried on trumpedup charges, many times, and jhen treacherously murdered, while under the plighted faith of a sovereign State?

What Christian nation beheld mobs desolate a city, and heard unmoved, the piteous cry of her own children for redress, while they faced wild beasts, savage men, and starvation?

To what nation refusing them protection, did that homeless, pillaged and peeled people furnish the strength of their camps—five hundred men for the war with Mexico—while their wives and children with blistered, bleeding feet, wandered in a trackless wilderness, seeking peace and rest and a refuge on the shores of the inland sea?

Who can measure the desperation causing that people to meet bravely gaunt misery, clad in the rags of want rather than longer endure''Christian love"among brethren, whose hate knew no pity, whose malice knew no limit?

Big with events pertaining to time and reaching into eternity,the woman, travailing in pain, fled into the wilderness.

Behold her children digging roots with which to keep body and soul together, and tell us what food had they, with which to feed and keep alive the hungry demon hate?

HA TRED.

Let modern civilization produce a philosopher able to answer these questions then shall we learn, perhaps, not "of the mystery of Godliness,"but of the mystery of undying malice.

Such a philosopher should not only be able to explain these mysteries, but should be able also to tell us what spirit inspired the passage of the special Congressional act of 1862, forbidding heaven approved marriage in one sense, and requiring uniformity in another?

Also who prompted the enactment of the Poland law of 1874, and the Edmunds bill of 1S82?

Let the modern philosopher, priest, or prophet come forth, and tell us something about the nature of him whom the Utah Commission have listed to obey!

Hath he an understanding of equity, did he ever administer justice, or would he "rather reign in hell, than serve in heaven?"When his disciples recommended in their recent report to the Secretary of the Interior, the taking away of every vestige of republican rule in Utah, and the establishment instead thereof, of an aristocratic despotism, did they realize their deliberate attempt at assassination?

And did they think the crime less, because the victim of the attempt, was human liberty?

Who bought them with a price to betray Christ's best gift to man—the freedom to worship God with an untrammeled conscience? What shall the harvest be, if they sow to the wind, how shall they escape the whirl-wind that God has decreed shall follow?

Can the foundations of this great American

Republic, glued together with the blood of revolutionary sires, be torn up, and the structure reared upon them, remain intact?

Can unscrupulous territorial governors, biased missionary judges, open venire packed and pledged juries, corrupt and lascivious court officials, drunken night-raiders of peaceful homes, and spoils-loving rings, supplement the foundations upon which

American freedom has rested for a hundred years?

Are daily exhibitions of double- distilled hatred of Utah's people, and a disposition to crush them at the expense of our nation's birth-right, the only evidences of loyalty to country oppressors can produce?

Abused, fettered, oppressed Utah, the unloved child, while suffering the bondage of territorial vassalage, will remember the fate of Daniel's accusers and the swift retribution following the crucifixion of Christ, an(j continue to defend hopefully, the nation's inspired charter.

Others will also remember that, though the Supreme Court may affirm that a Mormon has no rights that other American citizens are bound to respect, thus confirming the practical rulings of the Utah Federal courts, yet a Higher than they, has decreed, that the measure with which they judge others shall be measured back to them again.

All may learn, as did Napoleon, that no power without justice, is enduring; and that an unrighteous finding,like the Dread Scott decision, will fall to the ground, though affirmed by the nation's supreme judicial tribunal.

Do not recent developments, requiring the breaking of municipal authority and over-riding municipal law, by 'Federal judicial rulings, to save from disgrace sin-stained, subtle supporters of sexual crime in high places, admonish the immoral crew in Utah how utterly unprepared they are to meet the just penalties of their nightly crimes to say nothing of the preparation necessary to enable them to bear the judgments, with which they have sought to afflict others—when biased rulers and packed juries are no more, and when every man, live or dead, shall receive the just recompense of his own deeds?

Verily there shall be weeping and wailing, and many shall call on the rocks to hide them from the wrath of

Him—the foundation of whose excellent goodness is justice, judgment and mercy!

"Regenerators"of Utah—seditious disciples of hate—being like your master, a constant accuser of your brethren, you have deceived many; and with a deluge of lies you have veiled the eyes, and stopped the ears of our nation's father, his cabinet, Congress and the judiciary; so that they see not our wrongs and hear not our petitions.

Deceive others, deceive yourselves, but

HA TRED.

Him who searches all hearts you cannot deceive.

Hearken therefore and hear!

Deferred hope—of Mormon spoils hath made your hearts sick, and disappointment and despair hang over you like the leaden nightmare of a hideous dream, but the merciful God, though you know it not, has thus far defeated your plans, that innocent blood be found not on your souls to weigh down and drive you to suicidal destruction, as it did him, who betrayed his master with a kiss, for gain.

The Almighty forgives whom He will forgive, but of His children He requires that they forgive all men; follow not, therefore, the doctrines of hate, for, the beginning thereof is bitter herbs, the end, the poison of asps.

If in the dispensations of Providence, temporary power is in your hands, for a purpose known to the great I Am, use it wisely, mercifully.

"Do justice to your brother whether you love him or not, and you will learn to love him, do him an injustice and you will hate him."

Thus, with darkened minds, "we forgive readily those who injure us, those whom we injure never."For verification of these unnatural truths read what the Holy One endured.

The injustice heaped upon the sinless Son of God was immeasurable;

it followed him to the Cross, and there taunted his pain -racked soul, with the malice of bitter hatred begotten of demons cast down to hell.

The very consciousness of His heavenly innocence bearing their black guilt, drove the Jews to desperation, and they killed the Redeemer that His presence might haunt them no more forever.

Thrice adjudged guilty under Jewish malice—called law—the Just One was condemned to die, by a judicial ruling made by a heathen judge who,"finding in Him no guilt,"was nevertheless unable to stem the fierce popular cry, Crucify! Crucify Him!

Pontius Pilate was a guilty, blood-stained man, who nevertheless desired to save

Jesus of Nazareth; but guilt is cowardice;

cowardice, craven weakness; and weakness, cruelty; so the "Nemesis of Pilate's past wrong-doing was that he could no longer do right.

He who had so often prostituted justice was now unable to achieve the one act of justice which he desired. He who had so often murdered pity was now forbidden to taste of the sweets of pity for which he longed.

He who had so often abused authority was now rendered impotent to exercise it, for once, on the side of right."Poor miserable place-loving wretch, with a soul seared as with a hot iron, yet condemned less by Jesus than was Judas, Annas, Caiaphas, Herod—hypocrites, priests and people, who said:

"His blood be on us and our children!"In their wild frenzy they accuse their Messiah of sedition while demanding the release of a notorious leader of sedition;

and to testify of their loyalty to a power they despised, hypocritically declared, that they wanted no king, but Caesar.

Now note the revenges, the retributions recorded by history. For eighteen weary centuries has His blood not been on them, and on their children?

Behold Judas stung with remorse, flinging the price of blood at the feet of murderers, as he rushes into the darkness of night to die in the horrors of loathsome suicide!

The year following Caiaphas was deposed, and Herod died in infamy and exile.

Stripped of his political power on the very charges that he had, by sacrificing the life of the Innocent, sought to avoid, Pilate died in Rome a prisoner and suicide,leaving behind him an execrated name.

The son of Annas was dragged through the streets,scourged and murdered, while a mob destroyed his father's house.

Many who witnessed the agonies of the Guiltless, beheld the unutterable woe of the guilty,when they and their children saw the seige of Jerusalem, which, for fearfulness of destruction of life and property, has no parallel.

They had shouted we want no king, but

Caesar; and a Caesar became the means of their destruction.

"Pillaged and oppressed they at last rose in wild revolt against the Caesar whom they had claimed, and a Caesar, drenched in their blood, the ashes of their desecrated.

Temple,"while they fed upon the flesh of their own children.

They had forced the Romans to crucify their Christ, and

8o THE FALLING STAR.

though they regarded crucifixion with especial horror, they and their children were crucified, until wood with which to make crosses, and room to plant them could no longer be found.

With the malice of the guilty that kills the good, in their blind wrath, and with the hatred that never dies, they joyfully freed a seditious murderer, while holding to death their Messiah.

Accepting the guilt of innocent blood, the gleam of a bloody dagger lighted the distracted councils of their dying Nationality!

Such is history—and such is retribution, wrought by the justice of the Eternal God.

Moses Thatcher.

ANECDOTE OF JOSH BILLINGS.

A good story is told of the humorist being thrown, on one occasion among a batch of students in a country town near New Haven.

He was tramping along with a rusty yellow dog,and entered the bar-room of a hotel for some refreshments. A group ofthe Yale lads chanced to be there on a frolic, and immediately interviewed Billings, whom they evidently mistook for a farmer.

They inquired with affected interest after the health of his wife and children, and Josh, with counterfeited simplicity, gave them a graphic account of his family and farm.

"Of course you belong to the Church?"asked one of the boys.

"Yes, the Lord be praised, and my father and grandfather before me.""Now, I suppose you would not tell a lie,"said one of the students.

"Not for the world.""What will you take for that dog?"pointing to Josh's cur,which was crouching beneath the chair.

"I won't take twenty dollars for that dog.""Twenty dollars! Why, he's not worth twenty cents.""I assure you I would not take twenty dollars for him.""Come, my friend,"said the student, who, with his companions, was bent on having some fun with the old man, "Now, you say you won't tell a lie for the world.

Let me see if you will not do it for twenty dollars.

I'll give you twenty dollars for your dog.""I'll not take it.""You will not?

Here! let me see if this will not tempt you to lie,"added the student, producing a small bag of half dollars, which he built up into small piles on the table.

Josh was sitting by the table, with his hat in his hand,apparently unconcerned.

"There,"said the student, "there are twenty dollars all in silver;

I will give you that for the animal."Josh quietly raised his hat to the edge of the table, and, as quick as thought, scraped all the money into it except one half dollar, and then exclaimed:

"I won't take your twenty dollars!

Nineteen and a half is as much as that dog is worth; he is your property."

A tremendous shout from his fellowstudents clearly showed the would-be wag that he was completely sold and that he need not look for sympathy from that quarter, so he good-naturedly acknowledged himself beaten.

We all praise contentment.

But how few of us practice it.

THE FALLING STAR.

When the stars above me hover,

In the still and solemn night,

And the sky is all illumined With its myriad streams of light, Oft I muse in silent reverie, Wondering what these lights can be,

Ever shining pure and calmly In this gorgeous canopy.

Oft across the starlit heavens

Darts a fragment of a light, Falls into the dusky umbrage Of the cloudland of the night Lost and broken stars I deem them Hurled a-down the vault afar Never twinkling in their falling

Sad mementoes of a star!

Fallen stars, for ever banished

From the realms of perfect peace

Scorching fires for ever molten,

In their fall, which ne'er shall cease

Whilst alone their sisters shimmering

Still revolve around their goal

Heedless of their lost companions

Cast from out the Silver Scroll.

^oi all Wjhuwh "MuMkaMortS Go or Send to the DESERET MEWS COMPAMY, Where can be obtained all of the STANDARD WORKS of the CHURCH.

Beautiful Sets of CHURCH WORKS FOR HOUSES OF WORSHIP OR FAMILIES.

-4—-o SEIfcTZD -AOlTX) GKET.A. C^T^LOG-TJE.

PRINTERS AND PUBLISHERS, And Manufacturers of and Dealers in All Kinds of Papers, s-^-XjO?

Xj-ajsie citt.

Samples of Paper Sent on Application.

EH J, GRANT & CO I!

Insurance, Real Estate and Loan Agency.

m In the Best Companies at Standard Rates.

mm Negotiated on Real Estate and Collateral

Securities.

MLtml %^r CITY PROPERTY BOUGHT and SOLD.

HOUSES TO RENT.

LEGAL TRANSFERS CAREFULLY PREPARED.

Bomtibuioi cSuUdin4f ffiJUam Si,

SBST.A.BX.XSXXSBr) 1879.

ANNOUNCEMENT FOR VOLUME SEVEN.

The publisher of the Contributor takes pleasure in announcing to its numerous readers and the public generally, some of the leading features of the new volume which commences in October.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

Arrangements have been made, at great expense, to illustrate a series of articles on the Persecutions of the Latter-day Satnts in Missouri, with scenes of the most interesting events.

Photographs of these scenes (from which pen and ink sketches have been made by Dan Weggeland, Esq.) were taken by our own representative, Elder B. H. Roberts, who visited the places for that purpose, and descriptions of them will be written by him.

They will include the following:

Temple Site at Jackson County, 9Io. (Ths Centra Stake of Zien),

Battle Scene at Crooked River (Where Apostle David Patten fell), House of the Prophet Joseph at Far West,

Haun'S Mill (Scene of the massacre),

The Mouth Of Fishing River (Scene of the steamboat explosion),.Liberty Jail (Where Joseph and six others were imprisoned),

Adam-ondi-Aliman (Showing relics of the ancient altar),

JLyman Wight's House, at the Valley of Diahnian,

Richmond Court House and Jail.

Also a FULL FACE PORTRAIT of JOSEPH SMITH, the PROPHET.

Great care is being taken to have these views carefully engraved, and to present them and the narrative of the thrilling incidents, which they illustrate, in the most authentic manner, that they may be, not only of immediate interest, but of permanent value to the students of Church History.

In this connection we desire to procure the names of all living Saints who passed through that period of our people's history, viz:

1831 to 1840, and will send the Magazine Free for One Year to the head of each family who will send us their names, places and times of oirth, period spent in Missouri, and brief account of experiences there un£h their present address.

The new volume will be replete with the usual variety of original matter, from the pens of our best local writers, embracing numerous sketches of travel, biographies, religious, political, scientific^ historical and narrative contributions, Christmas Stories, Poetry, etc., etc.

Subscription:

TWO DOLLARS a Year, in Advance.

BOUND VOLUMES, $2.50.

Volumes Bound for subscribers at Fifty Cents each.

N. B.—Any Subscriber for Volume Seven, paying $2.25 in advance, will receive the Magazine for a year, and have it bound Free at the end of the volume.

Address:

JUNIUS F.

WELLS, 40 EAST TEMPLE STREET.

SAJLT JLAMJB CAT*.

HOT

The Famous Hot Springs north of Salt Lahe

City have been purchased and fitted up for the comfort and convenience of patrons.

Large and Elegant Bath Rooms have been erected, and every facility is being afforded the pleasure and health seeker for the enjoyment of these delightful and health-giving waters.

Analysis and Testimonials of their Medicinal Properties will be published at an early day.

art Have been effected by their use.

Hot Springs Water to Bathe in.

Hot Springs Water to Drink.

We are confident that at an early date Hot Springs Water will be classed among the Best Medicinal Waters in the world.

JOHN BECK, Proprietor.

CO OUND VOLUMES

BOUND VOLUMES OF MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE OFFICE, NO.

40, MAIN STREET Volume One, 1879. Moses Thatcher's "Confidence"Series.

Volume TWO, nso.

"Mexico and the Mexicans:'Volume Three, 1881.

"Sermons of the Prophets "Joseph and Hyrum Smtih's Steel Engravings.

Volume Four 1882.

@eo - ^- ^mi^> X Biographies & JedediahM. Grant, / Engravings.

N. B.—We are out of this volume, and will pay $2.00 for compute sets of numbers in good condition.

Volume Five, 1883.

"The Three Witnesses,"Engraving, and Reynolds'"History of the Book of Mormon."

Volume Six, 1884.

"The Bishops'Volume."The History of the siaronic Priesthood, and four Steel Engravings of the Presiding Bishops.

PRICE PER BOUND VOLUME, $2.50.

VOLUME SEYEN, 1885.

The Missouri Persecutions, Illustrated.

Any Subscriber paying $2.25 IN ADVANCE, will receive the volume and have it bound at the end of the year, FREE.

Back Volumes Bound 'in half leather bindings, for subscribers, at Fifty Gents each.

They make elegant and valuable books for the library.

A t>DRESS:

Bmtmhuhv 0ffm, J"o. W, JHam St., Sail £dke BUy.

Capital Stock, SI 00,000.

Fully Paid Up, $60,000.

6PP, ODELL % 60., (Jiuorporateir.) HEBER J. GRANT, Prest., JOSHUA F. GRANT, Vice-Prest., F M. LYMAN.

JOHN HENRY SMITH, ABRAM HATCH, O. A. WOOLLEY, GEORGE T. ODELL, Secy, and Treas.

We are prepared to conduct an extensive trade in Wagons, Carriages,

Farm Implements, etc., AND SOLICIT EXAMINATION OF OUR GOODS AND PRICES.

Jft.

TZIE3 ^§i- MIT^HE^I, WAGON, UNEXCELLED FOR DURABILITY, Gilpin Sulky Plow, Walter A.

Woods Harvesters, Massillon Threshers, Gale Plows and Bakes, Concord Harness, Buffalo Barbed Wire, GENERAL AGRICULTURAL SUPPLIES.

Half Block South of Theatre, S-A.XjT 1-1^.22:33 CITT.

TTTJbJEZ.