June The Glory of God is Intelligence.

No.

9.

JUNE, 1SSS.

vol.

©F)e A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS SAX.1T tAKK CX1TV, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1885.

PAGE.

The Aaronic Priesthood.

IX O. F.

Whitney To Ruby Lamont A "Mormon"Elder in the Southern States.

I Horatio Destiny of Zion's Children y. E. Taylor The Banyan Tree Veda The Carthaginians.

IV Ruby Lamont To the Youth of Israel.

II B. H. Roberts California Memories.

Ill Augusta Joyce Crocheron....

W hat is Education?

O. F.

Whitney Ridiculing an Inventor Editorial:

The "Mormon"Prohlem O.

F. W The Hetch-Hetchy Valley X. Clark Historical Record.

June Andrew yenson The Hottest Spot on Earth Doyonr BPrintingPress^L Card &, 1 abel Press $3. Larger sizes $5 to $75.

For old or young. Everything easy, printed directions.

Send 2 stamps for Catalogue of

Presses, Type. Cards, &c. to the factory.

Kelsey «fc Co., Meriden, Conn.

In Valley Tan Remedies.

They are the Best.

FOR XjTT 3VCBE:R, LATH, SHINGLES, MOULDINGS, DOORS,

WINDOWS, BLINDS, ETC., ETC., GO TO THE sie*RA n^adA lU ivibeR asS >n.

Planing, Scroll-Sawii, Traill anfl all kinds of Mill Work.

STAIRS, COUNTERS, STORE FRONTS, HARDWOOD MANTLES, ETC., ETC., TO ORDER S.

J Lynn, Supt.

*s- Half Block South of U. C. R. R. Depot.

SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS AMD ALL KIJVDS OF GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

est House for Family Supplies.

P. O. Box 352.

SIGNS PAINTED IN THE, HIGHEST STYLE OF THE ART AT FAIR^ PRICES.

EAST TEMPLE STREET.

HOUSE POINTING.

GLAZING.

j^G&t'itd&c/ Gr<a6*t'£e4'<z<ndy (TtQcud-e/!%fev<ilci'i.<>4./ CALCIMINING.^V WJBST TEMPLE STREET, North of Herald

Building.

^^U^^^^B^^MOQ^^^^M^U^M^^ argots, Wall Pa;ers, Mm, Baby Carriages, HENRY DINWOODEYt 1238 to 1244 First South St., SALT LAKE CITY.

Careful a tention slven Orders bv Mail.

THE PRECEPTOR.

A simple system for enabling young men to acquire a knowledge of the do- trines of the Gospel, and the ability to preach them.

By Elder John Nicholson, second edition, revised and enlarged.

CCOSTTESSri^S:

.

The Universal Apostasy;

Necessity of Divine Authority; The Essentiality,

Mode and Object of Baptism; The Gospel Preached to the Dead, Baptism for the Dead; Faith and Works; The Manner in which the Holy Ghost is Imparted;

Organization and Officers of the Church;

Repentance:

Restoration of the Gospel;

The Origin, Agency and Destiny of Man;

The Book of Mormon an inspired and authentic Rkcord;

Tangible Personality of God; Plural Marriage sanctioned and sustained by the Old and New Testaments; The Holy Ghost and

Spiritual Gifts.

There are also directions for teaching the system in classes, rules and general suggestions.

The work closes with a treatise entitled, Hints on Preaching.

For Sale by the Deseret News Company,

And all Booh Stores in the Territory.

PRICE, 35 CENTS, Retail, with 25 per cent, reduction od orders for copies or more.

WILLIAM SAOTEES, j|p "Wjjk MANAGES.

LllbAN lj|jj||p DnANuH, WHOLESALE AMD EETAIL, offers a Full Line of General Merchandise, WHICH FOR VARIETY IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH OF SALT LAKE CITY.

boots Mb shoes, Hoe Made ana Best Imported Ma^es.

MEN'S, YOUTHS'AND BOYS'CLOTHING.

Champion Monitor.

Charter Oak, And other Heating and Cooking Stoves.

School and Blank Boohs, Stationery, Inh, Etc.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VI.

JUNE, 1885.

No.

9.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

IX.

Six months prior to the birth of Jesus, occurred that of John, surnamed the Baptist.

The advent of this remarkable personage signalized the end of the dominion of the Aaronic Priesthood, which had held the spiritual sway since the death of Moses and the taking away of the Melchisedek or Higher Priesthood from the earth.

The time had now arrived for the restoration of the Gospel or higher law, which the children of Israel had failed to honor and live up to formerly, together with the Priesthood of Melchisedek, before which the law of

Moses, fulfilled in the coming of Christ, and the Lesser Priesthood, an appendage to the Higher, must pale even as the moon and stars before the sunlight.

John the Baptist, who was cousin to Jesus in the flesh, was the incarnation of the spirit of Elias, the long-looked-for restorer, the forerunner of the Son of God, and the last legitimate incumbent of the High Priest's office in the regime then drawing to a close.

True, this fact was not recognized or admitted by the then reigning powers, civil or ecclesiastic.

Nor by the Romans, who were of the world, and carelessly or haughtily ignored the truths or traditions of the conquered nation over which they ruled; nor by the Jews themselves, who, proud and self-sufficient notwithstanding their fallen state, adhered fanatically to existing forms and conditions, and having their High Priest, Priests and Levites already in office, repudiated with scorn the claim of the son of Zacharias, whom they regarded, as they subsequently did his divine Master, in the light of a blasphemous impostor.

John, nevertheless, was the chosen of the Almighty, and held the keys and powers of his great mission by divine appointment.

Many of the common people heard him gladly, and though he "did no miracle"to substantiate his claim—a very undecisive proof, by the by, if taken alone—they looked upon him as being what he really was, a great and mighty Prophet of God.

The incidents immediately preceding and following his nativity, are thus narrated by

St. Luke:

"There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia;

and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron,and her name was Elizabeth.

"And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.

"And they had no child, because that Elizabeth was barren; and they both were now well stricken in years.

"And it came to pass that while he executed the priest's office before God, in the order of his course, "According to the custom of the priest's office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord.

"And the whole multitude of the people were praying without, at the time of incense.

"And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord, standing on the right side of the altar of incense.

"And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled and fear fell upon him.

"But the angel said unto him, Fear not Zacharias, for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife

THE AAR0N1C PRIESTHOOD.

Elizabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John.

"And thou shalt have joy and gladness, and many shall rejoice at his birth.

"For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink;

and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.

"And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God.

.

"And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just;

to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.

"And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years.

"And the angel answering, said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God;

and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings.

"And behold thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed."The angel, having delivered his message to Zacharias, who was deprived of speech in fulfilment of his words, next visited Mary, the cousin of Elizabeth, to whom he foretold in like manner the birth of her son Jesus, the Savior of the world.

In due time Elizabeth was delivered of a son and he was named

John, according to the angel's instruction.

His father Zacharias recovered his speech, and being filled with the Holy Ghost, prophesied over the young child's head the great things he was destined to perform for the salvation of Israel.

"And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel;"thus escaping, like his Lord who was carried into Egypt, the slaughter of the innocents which followed the inhuman edict of the monster Herod.

Arriving at the proper age, and the days of his compelled retirement being over, John entered upon his mission as the forerunner of the Son of God, and preached throughout Judea the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.

Jesus himself was baptized of him in Jordan, thus setting the great example, and practically illustrating the truth of His own words, declared afterwards to Nicodemus:

"Verily, verily I say unto thee, except a man be born of water, and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God."On a certain occasion, when speaking of this Prophet, the Savior said: "Among those that are born of women, there hath not arisen a greater Prophet than John the Baptist: nevertheless, he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he."The Prophet Joseph Smith, commenting upon this utterance of Jesus, after reminding his hearers of the Scriptural declaration that John "did no miracle,"says: "How is it that John was considered one of the greatest of Prophets?

His miracles could not have constituted his greatness?

"Firstly.

He was instrusted with a divine mission of preparing the way before the face of the Lord.

Whoever had such a trust committed to him before or since?

No man.

"Secondly.

He was intrusted with the important mission and it was required at his hands to baptize the Son of

Man.

Whoever had the honor of doing that?

Whoever had so great a privilege and glory?

"Thirdly.

John, at that time, was the only legal administrator in the affairs of the kingdom there was then on the earth, and holding the keys of power.

The Jews had to obey his instructions or be damned, by their own law; and Christ himself fulfilled all righteousness in becoming obedient to the law, which He had given to Moses on the mount, and thereby magnified it and made it honorable, instead of destroying it. The son of Zacharias wrested the keys, the kingdom, the power, the glory, from the

Jews, by the holy anointing and decree of heaven.

"Who did Jesus have reference to as being the least?

Jesus was looked upon as having the least claim in all God's kingdom, and was least entitled to their credulity as a Prophet, as though He had said:

'He that is considered the least among you, is greater than John—that is myself.'

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

John the Baptist, like most of the Prophets before and after him, sealed his testimony with his blood.

He was beheaded while in prison, by order of Herod Antipas, the tetrarch of Galilee, whom he had reprehended for his incestuous and adulterous marriage with Herodias, his brother

Philip's wife.

This tragic event occurred about A. D.

31, the first year of our Lord's active ministry in the flesh.

The history of the Aaronic Priesthood now merges with and is overshadowed by that of the Melchisedek Priesthood, restored through Christ and represented by Him and His Apostles, and the

Elders by them ordained.

Comparatively little is said of the Lesser Priesthood by the sacred writers of that period, the reason of which, we think, is obvious.

The chief labor of the Apostles was to found a new order of things, to supersede the old, in which the Aaronic Priesthood had been the reigning idea.

It devolved upon them to convert the people, so long traditionated in an exclusive reverence for the house of Levi, to that more perfect order which the Son of God introduced; to wean them from the law of Moses, now fulfilled and consequently obsolete, and convince them of the subordinate nature of the

Priesthood of Aaron, which had been their highest ideal for many centuries.

Hence, though there were doubtless in the ancient Church, Bishops, Priests,

Teachers and Deacons in abundance, as well as Apostles, Prophets, Pastors, High Priests, Seventies and Elders, the former are not so prominently mentioned as the latter.

The first martyr of the Church of Christ, after the crucifixion of the Savior, was a Deacon.

His name was Stephen, a man of mighty faith and of pure and exemplary life.

He was ordained with six others by the Apostles, to "distribute the alms of the whole church to the widows and poorer sort of believers."He was falsely accused of blasphemy by the Jews, whom he had confounded in argument, and taken before their Council or Sanhedrim, where he boldly reprehended them for their unbelief, rebellion and the murder of Jesus of Nazareth.

This so enraged them, that they had him cast out of the city and stoned to death.

He died like his Master, praying for his enemies.

"Lord, lay not this sin to their charge,"were the last words he uttered. Among those who stood near.consenting unto his death, and holding the apparel of those who committed the murderous deed, was a young man named Saul, then an active persecutor of the Saints, afterwards Paul the Apostle, a martyr himself for the word of God and the testimony of Jesus.

The names of the other Deacons ordained with Stephen were

Philip, Prochorus, Nicanor, Timon, Parmenas, and

Nicolas.

The most notable of these, apparently, was Philip, who carried the

Gospel into Samaria, converted and baptized* the Ethiopian eunuch, wrought miracles and brought many souls to a knowledge of the truth.

The great apostasy which followed the death of the Apostles and their inspired co-laborers, and the fierce persecutions of the Christian Churches established in various parts of the Roman empire, resulted in the withdrawal from the earth of the Priesthood and the Gospel in its fulness.

That such an apostasy, predicted in plainness by Paul and other inspired writers, was imminent as early as the latter part of the first century of the

Christian era, is evident from the writings of John the Revelator to the seven churches.

The "man-child"which was taken into the heavens to preserve it from the dragon which sought its life, as portrayed by him, is understood as typifying the Priesthood in its removal from among the wicked and corrupt, who *From the fact that Philip had authority to baptize, we may infer that he, and perhaps his associate Deacons, were either Priests acting as Deacons, or that he was made a Priest before starting on his mission to Samaria.

That he held no higher office is evident from the fact that the Apostles went from Jerusalem to bestow the Holy Ghost upon Philip's converts, an act he could have himself performed had he been an Elder, the next office above that of Priest.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD.

sought to dishonor and trample it under foot.

The world had proved itself unworthy of the Church of Christ and the fulness of His Gospel, even more so than the Israelites in the days of Moses;

for they were given the Lesser Priesthood to remain with them until the time came for the Melchisedek Priesthood to be restored.

But from the apostate churches of Christendom were taken both Priesthoods, and they were left with what remained of the original faith, after they had transgressed its laws, changed its ordinances and amalgamated therewith the doctrines and traditions of Pagan Rome, to grope in the blindness and unbelief of centuries.

Thus did God in His wisdom revoke and take back what He had given, and close up for a season the channel of communication between the heavens and the earth; leaving to the world an empty "form of godliness,"devoid of the life and power which alone could give it virtue and validity.

The relics of this ancient "form"are extant in a scattered and corrupt condition, "here a little, and there a little,"throughoutthe churches of Christendom.

The Pope of Rome, whom so many millions reverence as the vicegerent of Christ on earth, and who claims to be the successor of St.

Peter, an Apostle, is in reality the successor of an apostate

Bishop, who usurped the presidency of the Christian Church after the rightful incumbent of the office had fallen asleep in death.

The Bishop of Rome and the Bishop of Constantinople were among those left in office, or who succeeded thereto, after the death of the Apostles.

Like most of our Bishops, to-day, they were co-ordinate in authority, but both being anxious to excel, and the times being favorable for such efforts, they began to contend as to which was the greater, and to strive for the spiritual supremacy.

A schism was the result, and thus originated the Roman Catholic Church, with the Bishop of Rome at its head, and the Greek Catholic Church, with the Bishop of Constantinople as its founder.

The Romish priest, whose power became the more formidable, bolstered up his claim by the plausible story that St. Peter, who is supposed to have been martyred at Rome about A.

D. 67, before his death bestowed upon him the chief authority, to hold the spiritual keys of the kingdom, and preside over the Church of Christ in all the world.

On the other hand it is claimed by his opponents that Peter never visited Rome, but the affirmative is maintained by the millions who revere the Church of Rome as the repository of the ancient Christian faith.

But whether or not the Apostle Peter was ever at Rome, it can make no difference in the main issue of the controversy involving the right of Bishops to sit in the seats of Apostles, the former of which are officers in the Aaronic Priesthood, and the latter officers in the

Melchisedek.

The assumption of such a right, without special ordination to the

Apostleship, is preposterous.

Had Peter really chosen the Bishop of Rome his successor, he would have made him an Apostle, set him apart to preside, and called upon the congregation of the

Church to sustain him in that high and holy position, and that would have been the end of controversy. He knew better than to have done otherwise, as did doubtless the aspiring priest who invented the specious tale to deceive the unwary and confiding and to aggrandize himself.

The heresy thus introduced was duly adopted and perpetuated by the Protestant churches, when they cut loose from the Mother Church and from each other, and went drifting apart on their own responsibility.

Archbishops, Bishops, etc., are among the highest offices in the Church of England, the Methodist

Church, and others of the present time, places which, in the true Church of Christ, are occupied by Apostles and Presidents, according to the pattern of the ancient Christian Church organization.

These facts, with many others, go to prove the truth of what the Latterday Saints declare, that the so-called

TO325 Christian Churches of the present age are in a condition of apostasy.

But upon this point we need no longer dwell.

It will devolve upon us, in the next number, to show how the Aaronic Priesthood, in conjunction with the Priesthood of Melchisedek, was restored to the earth in this the nineteenth century, with the fulness of the everlasting Gospel, to establish the true Church of Christ once more among men, and prepare the way for the coming of the Son of

Man in clouds of glory to reign on earth a thousand years.

O. F. Whitney.

The Paradise of Skaters.—Holland is the paradise of skaters, its highways being canals which are covered with ice nearly half the year.

The ladies there go shopping on skates, boys skate to and from school, older members of the family go to church on skates; the postman delivers his letters, and the doctor visits his patients on them, and even the solemn pastor moves on skates when he visits his parishioners.

Dairymaids skate to town with full pails of milk, of which not a drop is spilled, and farmers'daughters skate to villages with a full basket of eggs in each hand.

During the Spanish invasion, several victories were won by the native soldiers, who, on skates, suddenly moved on the forces of Alva, and as quietly retired to their own camp.

For a period of more than four hundred years the soldiers have been trained to perform evolutions on skates.

TO.

I've heard thy story; would my soul had known

That tale of life ere this; although from youth,

From infancy, from birth I have been with thee, Ere now I have not realized the truth Of thy soul's yearning, of thy life's deep love,

Its faithfulness, its labor, its high aim.

Say they thy glory is but crude?

Above, God will adjudge thee a more glorious name.

Thy life is one of still unending toil

For comfort of thy dear ones.

Ah, those hands Are far more beautiful, more tender, kind,

Than could be were they bound by idle bands!

Much hast thou known of grief; thy path hath been

Marked by sad landmarks; tears for loved and lost,

Hopes disappointed, poverty, ill health, These have been with thee and thy best years cost.

Shall my path be as thine?

Full of earth's cares, Of toil incessant?

Will no friendly hand Bring kind relief?

Shall there be found no time For me to search the truths of spirit-land?

My dreams and hopes are what the world call high, For Intellect doth sway the realm

I love.

Few are the kind words given to such as thee;

They call my choice infinitely above.

My choice\ Ah, well I know, for thou hast said, How in thy youth thy spirit's wing aspired

To noble flight But Fate decreed for thee Another path;

a path not uninspired, For God was with thee;

still, with Duty stern And Toil thou e'er did'st dwell, nor was time giv'n

For deeper cultures such as thou did'st crave

On humble earth, ere thou should'st reach life's ev'n.

A "MORMON"ELDER IN THE SOUTHERN STATES.

Shall it be so with me?

And if it were, Might I possess thy spirit's noble strength,

Its energy, integrity to God And every cause of right;

might I at length Sec life so well performed as thine;

its path So straight and narrow, heart so well subdued,

My faith so earnest and unflinching still,

And with God's Spirit my whole heart imbued,

I should be satisfied, nor count the price.

And if by stranger fate my life should be

Ordered of Heaven as I would wish, and if To my mind's power all should bow the knee

In earnest admiration; though I climb To great Minerva's height, and with me bring

The sympathies of humbler men: would He

Adjudge me better? worthier to sing

With Seraphim His grandest praise? Would He

Place thee beneath, declare me far above

And give me higher place or brighter praise?

Ah, no!

His justice and His tender love

Doth judge us not by "pride of place"on earth,

Nor by our various paths;

His judgment brings Forth from their hiding place, the heart's intent,

Its will, its faithfulness in little things.

And these are thine, thy soul is surely blest With consciousness of right;

thy hands do spread Blessings around thee; on thy gentle head

Will Heaven shed benedictions;

thy last bed Be smoothed by angel hands.

Thou art of those Whose price is not of earth;

the iron rod Has been thy law and sceptre;

thy reward Is glory in the mansions of our God.

Ruby Lamont.

A "MORMON"ELDER IN THE SOUTHERN STATES.

In no phase of life is the ridiculous mingled more with the serious,and sometimes with the sorrowful, than in the "Mormon"missionary's experience. Nor can I imagine a kind of life more fruitful in adventures, or more varied in its situations, than that of a traveling "Mormon"Elder.

To-day, he is in the mansions of the wealthy, surrounded by the refinement of the higher social classes; every want supplied; wholesome food well prepared;

apartments comfortably furnished; music to cheer his heart; intelligent, but generally unenthusiastic listeners to the important message he bears.

To-morrow, he is in the wretched hovels of the poor, partaking of their coarse viands; making the best of the rude sleeping quarters they can furnish him; but their kindness, the interest with which they listen to his conversation, and the serious consideration they often bestow upon the doctrines of the Gospel he teaches them, more than repays for the sacrifice of bodily comforts.

The next day he is a wanderer with tired limbs and blistered feet; night overtakes him, but he has no place to lay his head; men refuse him shelter because of his faith; he is hungry, friendless, yet not downcast for whatever experiences he may be called upon to pass through, the comforting influence

A "MORMON"ELDER IN THE SOUTHERN STATES.

of the Holy Ghost cheers his heart, even in the midst of tribulation.

To paraphrase the language of Paul, he is troubled on every side, but not distressed;

he is perplexed, but not in despair;

persecuted, but not forsaken;

cast down, but not destroyed.

Being reviled, he blesses; being defamed, he entreats; being persecuted, he suffers it, walking in the footsteps of his Lord, Christ Jesus.

The writer, having passed through some of the experiences common to all Elders who have labored in the ministry, purposes to relate some of the incidents connected with his labors while traveling in the Southern States.

The conference for the Elders traveling in the State of Mississippi, in 1883, had been appointed to convene on the first of June. In passing it might be well to say that "conferences"in Mississippi, or anywhere else in the South, in no particular resemble the gatherings we call conferences in Utah, except in the unfeigned love that the Saints and Elders feel toward each other, and the ever comforting presence of the Holy Ghost.

But in all things else the meetings are dissimilar.

As the character of the conferences in Utah is well known to our readers, we will not attempt a description of them, but proceed to the conferences of the Southern States.

The most central section of the district where the Elders are traveling, and in which the most interest is being taken in the preaching of the Elders, is usually selected for the gathering.

Notice of the time and place of meeting is sent to all the Elders in the State, and sometimes to those in adjacent States.

The people in the neighborhood, at least those friendly disposed towards the "Mormons,"kindly assist the Elders, who may be in the vicinity, to prepare a place in which the people are to assemble.

Sometimes a rude bowery is built; but more frequently a shady spot beneath some giant oaks or poplars is chosen.

A few benches out of a schoolhouse or church-house that may be near by are sometimes obtained for seats; but when the Saints are refused the use of these benches, as is frequently the case, the versatile "Mormon"Elder, without complaint, will fell trees and split them into huge slabs, out of which rough benches are made.

Another thing must be considered in choosing a place to hold conference.

These meetings in the South are always held in the summer, and summer in the South means hot weather, and hot weather makes a congregation thirsty, so a place near a spring is generally selected for conference; and a good spring of water seems to -contribute as much to the success of the occasion, as the "sincere milk of the word"preached by the Elders.

A day or two before conference is to commence the Elders from a distance put in an appearance.

They are not the elegantly dressed and perfumed gentlemen one so often meets in attending the

Methodist or Baptist conferences;

their appearance is more suggestive of the character of John the Baptist, or the disciples of Jesus.

They are not clad in fine raiment, nor have they had a pleasant, easy journey by rail or carriage, ol a few miles; but some of them have walked, gripsack in hand, under a boiling sun, over a hundred, and in some instances two hundred miles.

They have been traveling without purse and without scrip, and perhaps the night before reaching the place of conference had to sleep out in the woods.

No wonder, then, if their clothing has lost the gloss of newness, or even appears decidedly seedy and begrimed with dust.

But whatever the imperfection of toilet may be, they heartily greet each other; and as a pair of travel-worn Elders come into a crowd of their fellow laborers, who have arrived at the appointed place only a few hours before them, and as the Elders in turn warmly grasp the right hands of the new arrivals, and stand for a moment half embraced, while they look into each others'eyes, and exchange words of welcome and good feeling, strangers standing by exclaim, "How glad these Elders seem to meet each other I wonder if they are relatives, or were acquainted before leaving Utah!"Sometimes brothers meet, and soon are seen a little retired

A "MORMON"ELDER IN THE SOUTHERN STATES.

from the rest, perhaps earnestly discussing prosperous or unhappy events that have transpired in their family since their departure from home.

Men who have grown up from childhood in the same village greet each other with the warmth of brothers;

and even those who have never before met, in a few hours are bosom friends.

There is no formality, no reserve, no striving for effect, no hypocrisy.

Each countenance beams with honest joy, and their hearts go out to each other in brotherly sympathy and love.

Greetings over, the congregation is called to order and the

Elders unite in singing, "How swift the months have passed away, 'Tis Conference again."It often happens that not nearly enough seats have been prepared for the crowd that has gathered, and in that event the ladies occupy the seats, and the men and boys lay around promiscuously and in varied positions, but most generally in a half-reclining posture;

and, indeed, when benches are plentiful the male portion of the congregation treat them with utter contempt, and drop down at the foot of a tree in the favorite half-reclining position.

Another peculiarity of southern congregations, at least where the services are held in the open air, is that as many people get behind the speaker as in front of him.

And the preacher can no more get the congregation in front of him, than man can change the current of a woman's will.

I remember attending a conference in

Tennessee where about three or four hundred people were assembled, and who had at each service formed a circle around the Elder who addressed them.

When it came my turn to speak, I determined to have the crowd in front of me; so on rising to my feet,

I took the table that had been used as a stand, and carried it to one side of the circle, and triumphantly faced the surprised congregation.

My victory lasted but a moment, for with a murmur like the sound of rushing water, the congregation arose en masse, and followed me up; and in less than two minutes, I found myself in the same position the other Elder had occupied—my congregation circled all around me.

With crestfallen mien, I took a text and preached them a long sermon.

At several of our conferences the colored people have sent representatives to enquire of the Elders if they allowed "Cullud folks ter come to de meetin's."

An answer in the affirmative is always given, and occasionally results in a large number of colored people attending service.

As a rule, too, they are very well behaved. They never crowd themselves into the seats which have been prepared, but stand at a respectful distance from the place occupied by the whites.

For, although slavery was abolished more than twenty years ago, the colored man recognizes the fact that the white man will not receive him as a social equal, and therefore does not attempt, on occasions of this kind, to force himself into places where he is not welcome.

As the negroes form a circle outside of that formed by the white people, we say at such times, we have a conference with a black fringe.

But who are those men standing in small groups, some distance from the congregation—so far away that surely they are not able to hear the remarks of the speakers?

An ugly frown is on each face;

in a moment, we see they are restless, filled with wrath and hatred, but prevented from doing violence through fear.

With a half suppressed shout of mockery, they disappear in the woods.

Those men were the ones who had threatened to do violence to the "Mormon"Elders if they attempted to hold their conference in the neighborhood; who, to strike terror into the hearts of the Elders, burned the schoolhouse the night preceding the first day of conference.

I know of three schoolhouses so destroyed, on such occasions, and for such a purpose.

It was such men as these who posted up notices on the trees near our place of meeting, warning us to leave;

I here insert a sample of the notices.

This particular one was posted on a tree near where we were holding conference in the State of Georgia:

A "MORMON"ELDER IN THE SOUTHERN STATES.

3 29 NOTICE.

We give you fair worning to get out of Haywood valley the people in that valley have been troubled with you Devils, a, long time and now we propose to put and end to their troubles, by keeping you Mormon Devils of that part of the country.

Now we give you warning to get out of Haywood valley by nine o'clock p. m.

July the ith 1883 and never to return again.

We mean business to you Mormon Devils, if you want to preach for the Devil go where his preaching is needed we don't want it in Georgia.

Signed good Sitizens K K K K. K. K.

of course means Ku Klux Klan, a secret organization formed for protection by the people of the South during the period which elapsed between the close of the war of the Rebellion and the readmission of the seceding States unto the Union, usually known as the reconstruction period.

At the close of the war the governmental affairs of the Southern States were in a chaotic condition.

The Confederacy had been overthrown, and it was a question what relation the seceded States held to the Union.

There was a split between the President and Congress on this question, which tended greatly to retard the reconstruction of the South.

Tennessee was restored to its place in the Union in 1866;

but in March of the year following, the ten remaining States which had seceded were divided into five military districts, to be under the control of a governor, appointed by the President.

Then came what is now familiarly called "carpetbag rule."The men appointed to administer the laws had no sympathy or interests with the people they were sent to govern, and there were intense feelings of bitterness between the people and the rulers.

The negroes who were released from slavery by the Emancipation Proclamation issued by Abraham Lincoln, on the 1st of January, 1863, conceived the idea that they were the equals of their former masters, not only before the law, but also socially.

Their presumption was offensive to most of the whites, and they were too frequently encouraged in pursuing an arrogant course by the carpet-bag rulers.

As a measure for protection, chiefly against the untoward acts of the negroes, these secret societies were organized, known as the Ku Klux Klans.

They were presided over by a president, and sometimes vice-presidents and secretaries were chosen, and other minor officers.

Their meetings were held at night, sometimes in a house belonging to one of the Klan, but more frequently in some secluded dell in the woods.

Each member of the Klan was sworn to secrecy and had the liberty of entering complaints against those who, in his judgment, were worthy of punishment.

The case was heard, and if considered worthy of punishment, the nature and amount was determined, and in a body the Klan proceeded to the domicile of the offender to administer it.

The disguise of the Klan is peculiar, and although I am aware this is rather a lengthy digression from the description of our conference, still, I pray you pardon it.

The disguises worn are seldom uniform in color or cut, but the most common, so far as I could learn, either by description or those shown to me, consisted of a pair of pantaloons made of calico or other cheap material, and sufficiently large to be drawn over the pantaloons worn every day. A coat of similar material, though often of different color, buttoned up close to the chin and extending to the heels, usually made large, especially if the wearer is inclined to be corpulent, as then the shape of the body is completely disguised.

The head is mounted with a tall hat running to a peak, and around the brim is sewed a sort of curtain which falls to the shoulders, and is attached by means of buttons to the coat, so as not to be easily removed in the event of a struggle with those who may offer resistance.

Holes for the eyes, nose and mouth are cut through this curtain, but the face is completely hidden.

Frequently the skull and cross-bones are rudely painted on the breast or back of the coat, or the whole front of the disguise is made to resemble a skeleton of the human body.

The Klan are gener-

33° A "MORMON"ELDER IN THE SOUTHERN STATES.

ally mounted, so the horses must be disguised as well as their riders;

and therefore a white sheet made large enough and of proper shape to cover a horse from his ears to his tail, is thrown over each steed.

Thus disguised and armed with guns, pistols and knives, and also with ropes and hickory rods, when hanging or whipping is the game, the Klan move off.

On reaching the house of their victim they surround it, and the leader, in sepulchral tones, calls for the offender.

The victim hears the summons with a sinking heart, is afraid to go out, and yet more afraid to refuse obedience to the demand for his appearance.

At last, half dead with fright, the one called for goes out and is informed that those who have called him are spirits from the battle-field ol Shiloh, or some other place where a noted battle was fought.

He is told that his conduct has offended them and they have come to punish him for it.

Perhaps he is taken to the woods, where he is hung, or shot, or more generally severely beaten.

Occasionally the punishment partakes of the ridiculous.

An instance was once related to me of a white man who, for some slight offense, had thrown a bucket of water on his wife, at the time confined by sickness to her bed.

The Klan visited him a few nights afterward, and compelled him, in his night clothes, to fill from the well all the vessels that would hold water on his premises, and several tubs the Klan had brought with them.

He was then stretched out full length on the ground, and tubful after tubful of cold water thrown over him.

When the Klan left, shivering with cold and half drowned, he sneaked into his house a reformed man.

These societies, during the carpet-bag rule in the South, beyond all questioning were a check upon many evils that invariably must follow a condition of affairs like that which existed in the South at the close of the war—with carpet-bag officers filled from the top full of prejudice against the people, to administer the laws, and four millions of slaves turned loose among them, who understood liberty to mean license to do whatever their depraved natures prompted them to perform.

Some of the best men of the South were known to be identified with these organizations during this period.

But when the machinery of government was again given into the hands of the people, and there was a prospect of punishment quickly following crime, they withdrew from the organization and issued orders for the Klans to dissolve. But in the meantime, bad men had crept into the societies, and kept them up after there was no necessity for their continuance.

The result is they have become a curse to the

South—engines of rapine and murder.

Happily, however, they are fast becoming things of the past.

But to return to our conference.

Of the character of the preaching I need only say the topics are the First Principles of the Gopel. The manner of treating the subjects is not "with the enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of power."The Saints and their friends usually prepare for a basket dinner on these occasions, so between the forenoon and afternoon meetings of each day.

the benches are put close together and converted into tables; an abundance of food is spread out, and the congregation all invited to partake.

Cold ham, bacon, chicken—boiled, fried, and roasted—

a few pickles, and plenty of corn bread make up the lunch, but often it happens that some kind sister or friend, knowing it to be almost a hardship for some of the Elders to eat corn bread, has managed to get some wheat flour and make light bread or biscuits.

And as the tired-of-corn-bread Elder partakes of it with unconcealed delight, you will hear him telling some one that it puts him in mind of home and mother.

I must not forget to say a word about the Priesthood or Council meetings.

A retired glen in the woods is selected,and dedicated as a place of prayer.

Here the Elders meet for prayer, to report their labors, and to discuss the best plans for pursuing their work in the future.

Here they are taught the responsibility of their

DESTINY OF ZION'S CHILDREN calling, and admonished to walk in all purity before God. The times of refreshing from the presence of the Lord enjoyed by the Elders in these gatherings, are, perhaps, the happiest they experience while absent from home, or even in life.

In the commencement of this article we started for the Mississippi Conference, appointed to meet on the first of June, but we have wandered about so much that we shall not reach there in this number, but I ask my readers to imagine themselves as far on the way as the city of

Memphis, from which point we will start when resuming our journey.

Horatio.

DESTINY OF ZION'S CHILDREN.

The word has gone forth concerning Zion from every part of the land, "Let her be defiled;"for if this can be accomplished an easy victory can then be won, and "Mormonism"will no longer be a standing menace to the Christianity of the age.

To accomplish this the attack must be made upon the youth of

Zion, for it is universally conceded that the sires and matrons of the people are impregnable to all assaults that Christianity can make upon them.

To defeat them in argument upon any one principle of their faith has been decided long ago to be an impossibility;

illegal arrests and trials before partisan judges, and the verdicts ofpacked juries, followed by unlawful imprisonments, have been powerless.

They have also proven many times during the last fifty-five years that mobbing, driving, the loss of all earthly possessions, together with the shedding of the blood of their best men, who have been slain by hired assassins, have most signally failed to move them even in the smallest degree from their stern purpose of living according to the laws that God has revealed.

Consequently the only hope of their antagonists lies in the prospect of reaching the sons and daughters of this people by any means whatever, no matter whether it be right or wrong, good or bad;

for the employment of any and every agency is considered strictly legitimate when used to accomplish this end.

The avenues to evil and wrong doing in our midst are opened wide and are made most inviting by the allurements that are spread out to attract and entrap you.

Being too young to threaten, (as they do your fathers in case of non-compliance,) sophistical reasoning and illogical argument are employed, together with the promise of place, position, emolument, and above 2Wfreedom from the restaints of the Priesthood (which they hate) are promised by way of reward if you will only forsake the ways of your fathers and become like unto—in short, one of them.

As Zion, according to the promise, must be perpetuated through her children, and her institutions and laws be maintained by them, it is of the utmost importance that the youth of Zion should understand the nature of the structure it is their destiny to help rear—the foundations of which have already been laid.

All eyes are directed hitherward and nearly every individual is ready to predict that we must of necessity yield to the pressure now being brought to bear upon us; and many who profess strong feelings of friendship for us are advising in relation to the (to them) proper course we should pursue.

It is said that "history repeats itself."

Not many years ago a prominent man took this for his text, and (and as he undoubtedly thought) kindly advised that a very important principle of our faith should, for the time being at least, be no longer taught or practiced;

for, said he, fifty millions of people have proclaimed against it and you must eventually succumb.

Going back to past ages he quoted in support of his proposition many prominent circumstances recorded in sacred writ where reputed holy men had been overslaughed because they refused to yield to the popular clamor.

DESTINY OF ZION'S CHILDREN.

Said he, notably was this the case in the instance of the Savior of the world and

His immediate followers. Coming down to our time, he commented largely upon the life and character of Joseph Smith the Prophet.

While he awarded to him honesty of purpose during his entire life and granted for argument's sake that he had received revelation from God, yet he believed Joseph Smith might and "would have lived many years, and perhaps until to-day, had he not been so persistent in carrying his point against the express wishes of the overwhelming majority.

While the people of the nation might regret his cruel murder, they still felt that he alone was responsible for the loss of his life."He then made an appeal, quoting the text that "history repeats itself,"and predicted that the day was not far distant when the voice of the majority would prevail and begged that we would consider well and take action before we were compelled to yield.

All of which is very good reasoning from his standpoint.

And while we appreciate the motives of our would-be friend; there is just one answer to the proposition:

We dare not.

We cannot.

Was there ever a dispensation of the

Gospel but was opposed by the opposite power?

Not one.

As the righteous Abel fell a victim to the cruel hatred of his own brother, and in the language of the Eternal One, that blood "cried from the ground for vengeance,"so in the dispensations succeeding did the blood of Prophets and holy men flow, because they would not bow down and submit to the popular clamor.

Rather than yield to the demands of unrighteous and wicked men, (and these in many instances the lawgivers, rulers and governors of peoples and nations) they yielded their own lives and thus became heirs to the great glory.

The Prophet Joseph is one of the multitude (for they are now a multitude).

He was, and is, and will be the head of this last dispensation.

Others in this dispensation, Apostles and righteous men, have yielded their lives also. Some have been preserved from the power of death, and are to-day living martyrs to the truth.

God has preserved their lives according to the purposes of His own mind, the wisdom of which will be fully manifest in His own due time.

This was also the case with Daniel of old, the three Hebrew captives, John the Revelator and many others.

I now ask, would the purposes of God have been accomplished better in the preservation of the life of the Prophet Joseph than in his death?

I think not.

Had he not received and bestowed upon his brethren the Apostles, all the keys„authority and gifts necessary to the prosecution of the labor for the living and the dead previous to his slaughter?

He had.

While the Latter-day Saints would have rejoiced to have had the ministrations of the Prophet Joseph continued down to his old age, were there not other labors to be performed that none other than the founder of this last dispensation could open up and commence, which labor could not be performed in the flesh?

Was there not a host of spirits behind the veil anxiously waiting for their salvation and could not obtain it without the personal ministrations of the man who held the keys thereof?

This is as plainly manifest to the Latter-day Saints as that the antediluvians were anxiously waiting the advent of a slain Redeemer in their midst to open for them "the prison doors, and to let the captive go free."

As eighteen hundred years of ostracism, slavery, persecution, yea, untold woes, have followed the people who cried out, "His blood be upon us and upon our children,"and the end of this suffering is not quite yet, so will that people who have assented to the foul murder of the Prophet, Patriarch and others of this last dispensation feel the vengeance of an offended God to their bitter sorrow.

In the meantime "Jesus has -ascended up on high and has led captivity captive."Joseph has followed, and like his

Master, immediately commenced his labors among the spirits in prison.

Those who have fallen as he did, and a mighty host of others, are engaged in

THE BANYAN TREE.

the same work.

We are seconding their labors by building temples and entering therein;

receiving baptisms, washings and anointings for the worthy dead who have received the testimony of Jesus through the Holy Priesthood, and thus are the captives set free. Then while wicked men have, and do to-day design to frustrate the purposes of the

Almighty, it is plain to be seen that the work of God is not hindered by proscription, imprisonment or death.

On the contrary, imprisonment or the foul murder of a righteous man is sanctified to him, for he suffers for the word of God and the testimony of Jesus, while the perpetrators of the deed are barred from eternal life.

Youth of Zion: This is the foundation that the Prophet Joseph and your fathers have laid.

Will you build upon it and continue to rear a structure that shall endure not only the violence of mobs, ostracism and death, but the "wreck of matter and the crash of worlds?"A structure that shall be recognized by heaven as worthy a place among the redeemed eternities?

For this you have been permitted to come upon the earth, and that, too, through a parentage that can bequeath to you the power, and also at a time when this work can be performed by you.

Will you be true to your destiny, or will you fail?

While all the world are prohesying the downfall of Israel and her institutions, the apostasy of her children, the closing of the mouths of her Prophets and Seers, E also will prophesy concerning the youth of Zion:

That you will not fail the heavens; that you will not fail God's

Prophet; that you will not fail your faithful fathers and mothers; but that you will maintain inviolate every principle of the

Gospel, every ordinance and key of the

Priesthood, and that you will prosecute this labor until death; that your sons and your sons'sons, to the latest generation, having been taught and instructed by their fathers, will continue to work in their day and time until the last spirit destined for earth shall have received a tabernacle, the last soul worthy of salvation received the same in some degree of glory, and this earth be sanctified, pass to its resurrection and be restored to its place in the celestial sphere.

True, some may be unfaithful and lose their right to these blessings and the possession of these powers by yielding to the sophistries, and falling victims to the wiles of their professed friends, but who are in reality their bitterest enemies.

It requires the purest lives in order to attain to that living faith that shall make us acceptable to God and give us the power to endure and overcome.

A looseness of conduct—indulgence in those things which are forbidden—is dangerous in the extreme and should always be avoided.

Look around you and view the men in whom you have the greatest confidence; what is their history?

They devoted themselves to God in their youth;

their conduct since has been without reproach.

As years have rolled by, their unswerving integrity has stamped them worthy of your greatest esteem, and you involuntarily do them reverence by the honor you pay to them in their place and station.

These men are worthy of emulation.

They may be ostracised by the world and the government in which they live; they may be persecuted, imprisoned, aye, slain, and follow the martyrs who have gone before;

but their power, their Priesthood, remains, for to them it has been made doubly secure.

Youth of Zion: Should you not feel a pride in faithfully representing such an ancestry by perpetuating in your lives their faithfulness, their integrity, their Priesthood, which has come to you through them; and never, no never, yield one principle, one doctrine, one ordinance, or one law of the Gospel revealed by God to us?

I answer for you in all confidence, and say, you do, and you will, now and forever.

J. E. Taylor.

THE BANYAN TREE.

Southey, in a passage in one of his poems, describes this wonderful tree with as much felicity as truth.

The scene depicted by the poet is "a green and sunny glade"in a tropical forest

THE CAR THA GINIANS.

"And in the midst an aged banyan grew:

It was a goodly sight to see That venerable tree;

For o'er the lawn, irregularly spread,

Fifty straight columns propped its lofty head;

And many a long depending shoot,

Seeking to strike its root, Straight, like plummet, grew towards the ground.

Some on the lower boughs which crossed their way, Fixing their bearded fibres round and round,

With many a ring and wild contortion wound;

Some to the passing wind, at times withsway

Of gentle motion swung;

Others of younger growth, unmoved, were hung

Like stone-drops from the cavern's fretted height.

Beneath was smooth and fair to sight,

Nor weeds nor briars deformed the natural floor;

And through the leafy cope which bowered it o'er

Came gleams of checkered light.

So like a temple did it seem, that there

A pious heart's first impulse would be prayer!"

The Banyan, or Pagod tree is a native of the sunny climes of Hindostan and Cochin-China, and frequently attains an enormous size.

One very large one, in Hindostan, has no fewer than three hundred and fifty stems, each stem equal in girth to a large oak, besides over three thousand smaller ones;

the whole forming a canopy of foliage overspreading an area of seventeen hundred square yards, or about one hundred by one hundred and fifty feet. The leaves of the tree are heart shaped, and about six inches long; its fruit resembles, in shape, size and color, a rich scarlet cherry, growing in pairs from the axils of the leaves.

The branches frequently extend over two acres horizontally, straight out from the trunk, and send forth long straight shoots or arms, which root themselves in the ground, and form props like smooth pillars, covered with silvery bark—for the boughs, and simultaneously supply them with additional moisture from the earth.

The main trunks usually measure from twenty-five to thirty feet in circumference, and*from sixty to eighty feet in height.

The props or stems frequently measure ten to fifteen feet around the base.

In the branches of these wonderful trees the Bonzes, or Hindoo hermits, build their huts, and their dense foliage afford the traveler a welcome shelter from the burning rays of a tropic sun.

The Hindoos often convert them into temples, placing their idols under the shade; and from this comes the title of "pagod"tree.

In some parts they are held in awe, and believ.ed to be the haunt of spectres;

in others are erected, beneath their shade, pillars of stone, or posts, elegantly carved, and ornamented with the most beautiful porcelain, to supply the place of mirrors.

As for the fruit, only birds and monkeys eat it; but its milky juice supplies a kind of caoutchouc, and the wood of the larger stems is useful from its toughness and lightness.

VedaBe self-reliant; do not take too much advice, but rather depend on yourself.

THE CARTHAGINIANS.

An apology is due the readers of this magazine for the delay of this article, but we hope to be pardoned, as circumstances have prevented its appearance earlier.

If the reader will glance at the last article, he will be reminded that we have been endeavoring to follow, as concisely as possible, the Carthaginian exploits and reverses in Sicily. We will now continue with the hope that no further interruption will occur before we arrive at the end of our object.

The Carthaginians, after their repeated military reverses and their failures in obtaining possession of Syracuse, still continued their enterprises against that harassed city.

Soon after the signal defeat of Imilcon by the plague and the

Syracusans, they raised another army, which was also totally defeated, and the

Carthaginian ambassadors put to the

THE CARTHAGINIANS.

necessity of signing a treaty of peace, wherein they agreed to surrender the whole of Sicily, and defray the expenses of the war.

This was a bitter pill, and while pretending to accept the terms, they asked for sufficient time to obtain an order from Carthage for a surrender of the Sicilian cities, claiming that without this it was not within their power to fulfil the treaty.

The request was granted, but in the interval which this truce gave, the Carthaginians raised new troops, over which Mago, a talented young man, was placed as general.

At the expiration of the truce, he arrived in Sicily, and gave

Dionysius battle.

The Syracusans were defeated with a loss of fourteen thousand, including one of their generals.

Through this battle the Carthaginians were enabled to obtain an honorable peace;

all their former possessions were restored, beside the addition of some other strongholds, and one thousand talents were paid them to help defray the expenses of the war.

We will now pass over a horrible plague which afflicted Carthage; insurrections in Africa, Sardinia and Sicily, against the Carthaginian yoke; the gallant defense of Syracuse by five thousand

Corinthians, under Timoleon, against seventy thousand Carthaginians, and the conspiracy and execution of Hanno, all of which occurred almost simultaneously.

We will now follow briefly the wars in Africa.

Three hundred and sixty-nine years before Christ, Agathocles fled from Syracuse with an army numbering thirteen or fourteen thousand.

He had been made Tyrant of Syracuse, by the aid of Carthaginian force, but as his power increased, he became insolent and infringed the articles of a treaty of peace which the Carthaginians had obliged him to make for the tranquility of Sicily.

This caused a war, and, as the Carthaginians defeated him, he was obliged to shut himself up within the walls of Syracuse.

This detested tyrant was deserted by his allies in his extremity, and, as his own forces were very inferior to the Carthaginians, he found himself in a very straitened place.

The shrewdness, however, with which he extricated himself was astounding.

Without communicating a word of his intentions to any one, he told the Syracusans that he would deliver them from these troubles if they would but endure the inconveniences of a siege with patience and fortitude;

in the meantime all those who wished to leave the city were permitted to do so.

Only sixteen hundred persons took advantage of this permission.

Leaving his brother Antander with sufficient forces and provisions to make a strong defense, he took his departure at night, taking only fifty talents to supply his immediate necessities.

All his soldiers thought they were about to be led to the plunder of Italy or Sardinia, or to waste those parts of Sicily which belonged to the Carthaginians. Landing in Africa, he assembled his troops, and, presenting his arguments, informed them of his design to make Africa the seat of war, and to besiege Carthage.

His soldiers received this intelligence favorably, and were animated with his own daring spirit.

Several reasons combined to cause his determination to burn his fleet.

He had no safe harbor on the coast of Africa, and his ships would almost certainly fall into the hands of the enemy;

it would weaken his already small army to leave sufficient forces to defend them; last, but it can hardly be said to be least, he wished to put his soldiers under the necessity of conquering by leaving them no refuge but victory.

Accordingly, the burning of the fleet was done in a rash moment ol elated confidence.

Agathocles immediately led his army to the Great City, which was a part of the domain of Carthage.

The country through which they marched had a most attractive appearance; there were large meadows on either side, watered by beautiful streams, and covered with innumerable flocks of cattle; there were also magnificent country seats;

delightful olive groves; prodigious and highly cultivated gardens, and everything desirable to please the eye and cheer the

TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

heart, and to elate the spirits of the men.

The soldiers of Agathocles were reanimated by the rich scenery and marched forward with alacrity;

the Great City fell, and Tunis, a city near Carthage, followed soon after.

Carthage, now aroused by these disasters, and unable, through lack of time, to raise regular military forces of her own or among her allies, hastily armed the citizens and marched forward under Hanno and Bomilcar, two men whose political disputes had been silenced upon this occasion.

These forces numbered forty thousand foot, one thousand horse, and two thousand armed chariots.

Agathocles, as has been said, had at most but thirteen or fourteen thousand.

In the battle which ensued, Hanno fought vigorously until he was killed;

Bomilcar chose not to obtain a victory for his country, and therefore retired with the forces under his command, and the whole army followed, thereby leaving the field to Agathocles.

Ruby Lamotit.

TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

ii.

Having shown that your spirits occupied an honorable station in the spirit world, I now desire to draw your attention to the advantages which surround you in this world.

"Surely your lines have fallen to you in pleasant places;

yea, ye have a goodly heritage."No air more pure than that you daily breathe; no sky more sunny than your own; no days more bright, nor nights more glorious than those which you behold; no grander scenery feasts the eyes of man than that outspread for yours.

Our majestic mountains, with snow-capped summits, tinted here and there with the golden beams of the rising sun, with now and then a flood of heavenly light streaming through rugged canyons athwart our valleys, to where some village lies half hidden in foliage;

the gurgling streams, sparkling with joy as soon as kissed by the bright rays; the blue smoke curling slowly up from cottage chimneys till lost in the bluer firmament; the signs of gradually awakening life in meadow, field and village, as man goes forth to his daily toil; these present a scene in grandeur unsurpassed.

Unsurpassed, save when the foliage on the same old mountains is turned to crimson, gold, purple, and all the tints and shades known to colors;

and when the fields of the valleys have yielded their rich harvests, and naught remains for the husbandman to gather but the latest ripening fruits—then, as the red autumnal sun sinks slowly in the western sky, with what a flood of glory does he clothe the checkered valleys and rich-colored mountains And as he lower sinks, the sombre gray approaches from the east, new glories paint the sky, and are mirrored in the lake:

"Parting day Dies like the dolphin, whom each parting pang embues With a new color, as it gasps away;

The last still loveliest, till—

'tis gone—and all is gray."I have heard the muses praise the scenery of far-famed Italy—her shores, mountains, landscapes, sunsets—but doubt if even that surpasses in splendor the enchanting scenery of our Deseret.

And as we stand enthralled in admiration of the sublimity of our surroundings, let our heart's adoration go up from nature to our Creator—great nature's God.

But to come to more material considerations:

If the fruitfulness of the lands you cultivate be compared with lands tilled in other States and Territories, the comparison will not be unfavorable to Utah.

Your fields are as productive, your orchards as fruitful, as those of any section of our great republic.

Smiling plenty everywhere abounds.

As a people the Saints are better fed, as comely dressed, and as comfortably housed as any people it has been my lot to meet.

There are districts in this broad land

TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

where greater wealth abounds—which can boast of more stately mansions, and more princely estates—but near the mansion with its luxury and pride is the hovel, where squalid poverty makes its abode;

in the wake of the prince is found the pauper, and the millionaire meets the beggar at every turn. A few stanzas of poetry I once found on a scrap of paper, aptly describe the condition of the world;

I do not know the author, but here are the verses:

"There are ninety and nine who live and die

In want and hunger and cold, That one may revel in luxury, And be wrapped in its silken fold;

The ninety and nine in hovels bare

The one in a palace with riches rare.

"They labor and toil, the ninety and nine,

For the fruits of our mother earth,

They dig and delve in the dusky mine,

To bring her hid treasures forth;

And the wealth released by their sturdy blows,

To the hands of the one forever flows.

"From the sweat of their brows the desert blooms, And the forest before them falls;

Their labor hath builded humble homes

And cities with lofty halls;

And one owns cities, and houses, and lands,

And the ninety and nine have empty hands."

When traveling in the State of Iowa in 1880, I endeavored to learn as near as possible what proportion of those engaged in tilling the soil were cultivating their own lands.

From the best information I could get, I found that only about one-half owned the property they cultivated.

In the Southern States a still smaller proportion of those engaged in agriculture owned the lands they tilled.

In pleasing contrast to this, note that in Utah more than ninety per cent, of the people live in their own houses, and till their own lands.

So while Utah may not be able to boast of great wealth, she can boast of having what wealth there is more equally distributed among her people.

Thus may it ever be among the Saints of God;

may it never be said that among them "Wealth accumulates and men decay."

May they ever remember that "Money has but money's value;

Virtue is not bought or sold;

And a nation's wealth is reckoned From her people, not her gold."May class distinctions never arise, based upon the amount of wealth possessed.

And if kind Providence shall bless some of His servants with greater financial ability than is possessed by their fellows, may they learn to use it in the interest of all.

As the faithful Elders whom God has endowed with ability to teach principle and doctrine employ that ability to educate the whole body of the Church, so let the man skilled in accumulating wealth employ his talent in the interest of the whole kingdom of God.

You find yourselves, then, surrounded with the comforts and many of the luxuries of life;

I pray you do not forget the Source from whence these blessings spring.

Remember, when your fathers came to this land, thirty-eight years ago, it was an uninviting waste—a desert.

When the pioneers viewed Great Salt Lake Valley from the mouth of Emigration Canyon, no pleasant villages or cultivated fields met their weary vision.

No rippling streamlets flowed in a thousand tiny channels, making the sterile land fruitful. No flocks of sheep or herds of cattle roamed through the valleys or over the hills.

Not even so much as a ranchman's cabin was in sight.

The soil was parched and barren, save where the sagebrush reigned as king.

Many of the mountain streams sank from sight midway between the base of the mountains and the lake—a more dreary, desolate, uninviting region could not well be imagined.

Thirty-eight years have passed—behold the change!

For an extent of nearly five hundred miles these once desert valleys are made fruitful, and have become the happy homes of a prosperous people.

Our wonder at the great results achieved will increase too, when we take into consideration the fact that those who settled in these valleys, as a rule, were poor when they arrived here.

They had been stripped and peeled by a Christian people; and a

33 8 TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

Christian nation had looked on the while and never raised its hand to check the marauding bands that bereft them of their goodly possessions;

nor did it seek to vindicate its own insulted laws.

Leaving the confines of that nation, our fathers settled a thousand miles from its frontier, in the midst of savage tribes of Indians, who have proven more kind than the Christian sects among which our Church was cradled.

The patience, courage, and industry of your fathers did much in bringing about the material prosperity of our mountain valleys.

Yet, of what avail would have been all their efforts had not Jehovah blessed their labors?

He it is who has increased the streams of water; softened the elements; rebuked the destroyer for their sakes; put a hook in the jaws of enemies and exposed their folly to the world.

Hence, while we enjoy the comforts and blessings of our mountain homes, let our hearts go out to Him who made it possible for us to obtain them.

O peace! what a rest art thou to the weary

Blessed feeling of security, how welcome to the battle-worn For more than thirty years the Saints in Utah have enjoyed the blessings of peace.

In that time a new generation has been born and has grown to manhood;

and as they have experienced nothing but peace, they have no high appreciation of its blessedness.

This was brought forcibly to my attention by a circumstance which occurred last summer in the State of Tennessee.

The Southwest Tennessee Conference was appointed to meet early in May, near Lawrenceburg, the county seat of Lawrence County.

Elder Jesse J. Fuller, of Provo, president of the conference, inquired by letter if I would make it convenient to deliver two lectures in Lawrenceburg, providing the court house could be obtained for that purpose.

I replied that I would.

Elder Fuller, who, like David Copperfield, never puts one hand to a thing upon which he can throw himself entirely, saw the district judge, and obtained his consent to use the court house; he saw the sheriff of the county, and he consented; called upon the mayor of the town, and he expressed himself perfectly willing for the lectures to be given.

Accordingly, notice was given of the meetings through the local papers, and handbills were also circulated.

Our conference over, several of the brethren accompanied me to Lawrenceburg,where we registered at the principal hotel.

It had been arranged that one lecture should be delivered at 2, and the other at 7. p. m.

An hour or so before the first lecture was to begin, Elder Fuller and two or three of the other brethren went in quest of the keys to the court house, in order to make ready for the assembling of the people.

They first hunted up the sheriff, and found him in a drunken stupor.

He made them understand, after repeated efforts, that the keys were in the hands of the constable.

But the constable couldn't be found.

They went to see the mayor, but he was out of town, and the district judge had also left.

I don't know that these officials had taken the underground railway, but it was singular that all of them should be absent at this particular time.

As Elder Fuller and companions were crossing the public square on their return to the hotel, they were surrounded by a half-drunken rabble, who insulted them with their taunts and obscene questions, which revealed the wickedness of the hearts of the questioners.

The Elders were finally told that no "Mormon"lecture would be delivered in the court house, as from the first announcement made of such lecture, one hundred of them had combined to prevent such meeting being held.

They said further, that if any "Mormon"attempted to speak in the town, he would be pelted with eggs, tarred and feathered, and rode out on a rail. After hearing the report of the brethren, I told them I objected to having my eggs dished up in any such style as that purposed by the mob—that I was not a candidate for a new suit of clothing, especially one of tar and feathers—and as to the "raid,"I objected to that in toto;

TO THE YOUTH OF ISRAEL.

and as the town had evidently been turned over to the hands of a mob by the authorities, and no "law and order citizens"appeared interested in our meetings, we would not attempt to speak.

Elder T. H. Robins, who had not long been in the mission, but who had witnessed these proceedings, in his quiet way remarked:

"I am glad I came here and witnessed this affair;

I have learned something.

There were some old, gray headed men at home who, when called upon to speak, would invariably say to commence with, they thanked God they had the privilege of meeting together in peace, where none could harm them, disturb them, or make them afraid Now I always thought that was a way they had of beginning their discourse, and that it really meant nothing. Always after this, though, I shall appreciate those remarks."So it is.

Our old veterans who have known what it is to have their worshiping assemblies disturbed;

who have seen the fruits of their honest toil wantonly destroyed by ruthless mobs; who have seen innocent women and children driven from their homes at the most inclement seasons of the year, while the night-sky was made red by their burning houses and stacks of hay and grain; who have been compelled at the point of the musket to sign away their rights to lands which by their industry they had reclaimed from the wilderness, and which they had purchased and paid for of the general government;

who have seen their dearest friends, without color of law, dragged from their families to loathsome prisons, where they were threatened, abused, and insulted by the ignorant rabble, maddened into a frenzy by hypocritical priests and political demagogues; and those same friends only released from prison to be subsequently murdered in cold blood; our gray-haired sires who have passed through all these experiences, have appreciated the glorious thirty years of peace and rest the Church has had in these western vales.

But we who have been born in this period of peace, and grown to manhood during its continuance—we have not been able to comprehend what a benign blessing our God has granted us.

"Coming events,"however, are casting "their shadows before."In the horizon of our peace has arisen a dark cloud, and it begins to overspread our serene sky.

The prospects are that we shall yet learn to appreciate peace by experiencing its opposite.

Let the youth of Israel welcome the strife—rough seas make able seamen.

As your fathers have proven themselves faithful amid the trials of adversity, so must you if you hope to inherit the same glory with them.

You may be assured that of whatever character your trials may be, if you endure them well, they will result in your good.

The pure metal, to be separated from the dross, must pass through the heated furnace.

So with you.

To be purified and prepared for the eternal weight of glory that awaits the righteous, you must pass through the furnace in which God has decreed He will try you.

"Whoso layeth down his life in my cause, for my name's sake, shall find it again, even life eternal:

Therefore, be not afraid of your enemies, for I have decreed in my heart, saith the Lord, that

I will prove you in all things, whether you will abide in my covenant, even unto death, that you may be found worthy:

For if ye will not abide in my covenant, ye are not worthy of me."[Doc. and Cov. Sec. 98: 13—15.] Then let there be no trembling of knees, neither blanching of cheeks;

but with a calmness and integrity begotten of implicit confidence in the great God, "Let the trials come, and witness the world

If trial be upon us;

If we shrink or falter in our strength to meet the storms When hardest they beset us."In addition to the blessings of plenty and peace, you are living under a noble government.

True there are evils in it.

Oppression at times rears its horrid front, and threatens to subvert the liberties of the unpopular.

But the evils that exist arise from maladministration of the law, rather than from faults in the

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

Constitution.

They result from the national legislators departing from the strict letter and spirit of the Constitution, by usurping powers not granted them in that instrument.

I esteem our system of government grand, because, if administered in righteousness, it guarantees all the freedom intelligence demands, and besides that, throws open all the avenues to wealth, honor and greatness to the humblest citizen within its borders.

There are no favored classes to monopolize choice professions or pursuits in life.

No titled aristocracy to whom is granted privileges from which other citizens are excluded.

The boy who follows the plow, or tends the flocks and herds—nay, the ragged urchin who, shivering, sweeps the crossings in our great cities, may aspire to the highest honors in the government.

Nor are those aspirations beyond the possibility of fruition.

The late President James A. Garfield, in his boyhood, drove sleepy mules along the tow-path of a canal, for the money which enabled him to attend school.

Andrew Johnson, who preceded U.

S. Grant in the presidency of the United States, could neither read or write at the time of his marriage; and for years he followed the occupation ot tailor.

But by dint of hard work, under the tuition of his wife, he acquired a fair education, and worked his way to positions of honor among his fellow-men.

Abraham Lincoln, the man who stood at the helm of our ship of state during that dark period when rebellion threatened to engulf our nation in ruin, was reared in the backwoods, and experienced the poverty, hardship and toil incident to settling a new country.

Even the early years of his manhood were passed in such humble occupations as that ot raftsman on the Mississippi, district school teacher, and country groceryman.

Yet, from these humble stations, he advanced step by step, until he occupied the Presidential chair.

I refer to these circumstances in the lives of our Presidents, not that you may aspire to become presidents, senators, or governors; but that you may see what an unbounded prospect lies before you.

B. H. Roberts.

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

The forty-five acres that mother had bought was by nature most beautifully planned.

When the survey was completed the farm lay between two streets;

the first fifteen acres just on the edge of town was level, with two beautiful brooks, bordered with fine trees and blackberry bushes, and in the angles and turns of one a lovely trout pond was formed, and in the other a tiny lake.

Mother called the latter stream the little Arno.

This plat of land was planted with three vineyards and an orchard of seven hundred trees, ornamental garden, curved carriage drive, and shade trees in variety, in a group of which, on the brow of a knoll, our house was built, overlooking the winding Arno, and pretty lake, the forest and meadow adjoining (where through many years the May-day and Fourth of July festivities were afterwards held), and through the high arched branches here and there the grain land on the rising bench, with its groups of ancient sycamores, in whose shade the stacks and threshing machines could stand.

Fronting the house, eastward, twenty rods away, was the main street, straight ahead to Los Angeles, sixty miles away, along which the chief travel and the noisy stages came, so that it was never lonely.

At the end of our farm ran Lytle Creek, named for x-\ndrew Lytle, formerly of Salt Lake City, and rising from its banks the Cucomongo Bench, eighteen miles long and covered with wild fruits, which filled the air with perfume.

Soon everyunsightlylimb was trimmed from the forest, the grass cut and raked clear of every stick and stone, and the

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

pretty streams cleansed of every obstruction and impurity.

Indian labor was chiefly employed, and day after day the quiet fellows worked, sometimes on their hands and knees, and then in grave wonder and noncommittal silence looked their appreciation of the change wrought.

They were very patient workers and as soon as they understood the idea did their best.

The Indians of California understood irrigation and vineyard pruning, having been taught by the Catholic padres.

Every spring they came down from the mountains to prune the vines, tie the cuttings in large bundles and lay them outside and then make the acequias (water courses)—a straight one from vine to vine—then a large basin hollowed out around each vine to hold a large quantity of water.

Perfectly regular and clean the rows looked when newly prepared, and

I know of few pleasanter sights than the same vines a few weeks later, in their luxuriant, undulating spread, a thousand green hillocks toone acre, and many acres in one body.

Can anyone who has ever stood in such a a place and viewing it, not feel the sacred, historical dignity and importance of the vine, with a reverence for it?

Or, bending his face in the branches laden with clusters of perfumed blossom, forget the odor?

I cannot; to me a grape vine in bloom or bearing is an ideal of elegance and luxury to the eye;

every twining, clinging tendril speaks endearment.

If the Indian laborer can have plenty of coarse bread, frijoles (red beans) a little molasses and plenty of fruit, especially melons, he is satisfied from Monday morning till 3 o'clock Saturday afternoon.

Fifteen minutes after, he feels a sense of personal injury carelessly inflicted;

fifteen minutes later he will politely remind you of your forgetfulness, in ten minutes more he will remonstrate earnestly, and at fifteen minutes to four, he will indignantly leave without supper or money, if they are not in readiness by that time.

His three dollars will go to the merchant and he will go to the rancheria and spend the night in a grand carouse, if he is an ordinary Indian.

Monday morning he will return to your service, if he is not laid up with bodily injuries.

Occasionally they tire of work and take aflasea, a short pleasure trip, into the country, returning with their ponies and themselves heavily laden with rabbits, quails, pine nuts by the bushel, and the roasted stalks and bulbs of the mescal, also the mezquit bread.

I must say, I frequently went over to the camp (our employes always camped on the farm during working season), and always received a liberal share of their supplies, which I would be truly glad to taste of again, yes, even the common, plentiful, beautiful, red funis (prickly pears).

To gather these without being harmed, they make stiff brushes of weeds and switch the fruit, so brushing off all the little barbs that else hinder handling or tasting.

Among "our Indians,"meaning those belonging to the farm, during sixteen years, were some veritable characters.

Old Martinez was not a laborer, but the head of a distinct family, which seemed the remnant of a tribe.

He was very old and much respected, and seemed to possess some important story in connection with his tribe, the Cabasons. His attire seldom consisted of more than a handsome black belt and a yard of cloth;

a hat he was indifferent to, but generally carried his bow and arrows with him, and occasionally a sword in its scabbard, both of very curious make, regarding which he was unalterably reticent among even his most respected white friends.

On public occasions he invariably wore it, no matter how hot it must have become in the sun, on such days as the Fourth of July.

He had three generations of descendants.

Francisco stood over six feet high, was fine featured and, strangely enough, had loose curling hair.

He used to inquire much about the "Mormon"faith and believed all that mother told him.

He asked how to pray, and when she taught him he faithfully observed the custom, yearly seeking further knowledge.

On one occasion, the Indians had overstepped their usual propriety

CALIFORNIA MEMORIES.

by getting drunk over a wedding-feast, and on our premises.

Father had gone to the office, and word was brought to mother that some strange Indians had brought the liquor and made the trouble.

Asking my brother to go with her she started to their camp, some forty rods back of the house.

I followed at a distance, wondering what she would do.

She requested the strangers to leave, and they declined.

She told our Indians to come out of their wick-e-ups, for she was going to burn them down for their misconduct.

A troublesome Indian sprang to his feet, dashed a glove on the ground before her as a challenge, hissing out the word "Mormon!"Francisco stepped forward, picked up the glove, placed it in his bosom, bowed to mother, and striking his breast exclaimed, "Yes!

me 'Mormon'too!"Before the stranger knew what was coming, Francisco dragged him a few steps, tied his hands together before him and gave an order to an Indian, who jumped on the back of a broncho, and catching the other end of the rope around the pommel of his saddle, started off, dragging the challenger along the ground through the dust, over ruts, and then through a wide stream a mile distant, when he left him on the opposite bank to think it over.

Mother applied the match to the rush wick-e-ups and discharged the rioters, who fled before Francisco's threatening attitude.

Many who read Indian stories and compare them with the poor remnants of tribes such as we often see, might doubt the existence of truly grand men or beautiful Indian girls out of their pages, but they do exist.

I remember one girl, Adela.

She was about my own age, thirteen.

Mother let her go to school with us, providing for her tuition;

we taught her needle work, she caught up the songs of school and home, she taught us games of ball, and delighted us by her feats of bow and arrow shooting, climbing and swinging from limb to limb; and in our short rambles pointed out many curiosities we would have missed.

The earliest wild fruits and flowers, the highest bird nests, the pretty pebbles in the pools too deep for us, Adela found and brought them all.

And often, in early mornings, after anxious waiting, has she ventured at last to gently tap on my window and say sweetly—"Gusta, for you; me find it."Quickly sleep flew before the gentle voice, and I answered, "Yes, I'm coming."Many a twilight hour has she rehearsed to me the simple legends of her people, and at bed- time bade me good night.

Gentle Adela, her grave is where manzanita and lilac blend their branches in the canyon's shade, but the memory of her slender, graceful form, sweet voice and beautiful eyes often come back to me over the rift of death—twenty-six years ago.

One summer, when the gold miners had appropriated a beautiful valley and the adjacent ravines;

stock herders the Mojave valley, San Bernardino being already held by whites, a party of men met in council in City Creek canyon to urge on Cabason and Juan Antonio, the old chiefs, to "move on."Father attended, for his sympathies were with the Indians, and he related to us the interview at which Manuel, the son of old Juan Antonio, acted as interpreter.

Said old Cabason, "Where shall we go?

The Apaches and the desert are behind us; we have given you to the right and to the left, we stand upon the mountain's edge and the sea is before us?"His simple eloquence prevailed.

Human natures vary as much among

Indians as among whites.

There was one small Indian, and a very homely one, who seemed to have no relatives, and who attached himself to our place as though he had been born there; and once when he was asked sarcastically if it were so, he replied with equal wit, "Quien sabe?"(Who knows?) One warm Saturday afternoon, about five o'clock, when everything was tranquil and we were almost tired of leisure, Chappo sauntered into the front yard and deposed himself in a lounging attitude at the foot of a tree.

His was a proud nature, and after a lift of his sombrero (the crown had been munched

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

out by a horse), and a brief interval of dignified silence, he arose and moved toward the wood pile, which, being properly interpreted, meant that something to eat would be considered suitable compensation for his services.

On his being invited to try some cold victuals (after a not too hasty period) he complied and became communicative.

He felt grieved to be compelled to inform mother that her Indians, Jose Mario, Antonio and Lothario, were at that very time all "muy baracho,"(very drunk), three miles away.

Mother expressed a proper degree of surprise and grief at this deplorable intelligence, and assured him she would "give them a talking to"on Monday.

Chappo appeared much relieved, and his meal being done and a large melon also disposed of, he rose and expressed the opinion that he had better go down town.

"Well,"said mother, "be a good boy, Chappo, and don't you get drunk.""No, Patrona,"said he, respectfully, gently, sadly, "No, dos reals."(I haven't got two bits).

Augusta Joyce Crocheron.

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

[A lecture delivered by Bishop O. F. Whitney, before the Teacher's Institute of Salt Lake County, in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Salt Lake City, on Friday evening, June 19th, 1885.] Ladies and Gentlemen:

In entering upon the subject of this evening's lecture, it may be well for me to state in the beginning that I do not propose to treat of education except in a very general way.

For this I have two reasons:

First—it would be vain, if not presumptuous, in one not actively engaged in the school work, or whose experience as a teacher is but limited, to undertake to address an audience such as this upon the details of educational discipline, the minutiae of school methods, theoretical or practical.

Second—the time of these sessions, thus far, has been more or less occupied, and understand will be to the close, with the consideration of such methods and details, thereby rendering what little I might say in that connection superfluous.

I shall therefore aim to be general, rather than specific in my remarks, and upon this basis as comprehensive as time and ability will permit.

In pursuing the path thus marked out—if so it may be called—1 shall make no apology to this intelligent audience, if I overstep the boundary between the secular and the sacred, and advance some distance beyond the Rubicon where so many hesitate and refuse to cross, into the domain of religion.

It is a favorite thought with some writers and thinkers that education and religion are incompatible, that they cannot co-exist.

It is supposed by many, perhaps sincerely, that religion discourages education, and does so for the purpose of self-protection; that it is the mission of education to dispel the mists and shadows of religion, and free the human mind from so much error and delusion in fact, that, like day and night, where either of them gains the ascendancy, the reign of the other must necessarily cease.

Religion, instead of the beautiful goddess that she really is, with a smile ot heavenly sweetness, a nature as pure as the spirit of charity she breathes, a mind as bright as the sword of truth she carries, or the beaming armor of righteousness in which her lovely form is clothed;

is pictured as a repulsive hag, toothless and bald, armed, like the fabled furies, with a whip of snakes, a girdle of vipers, to pursue and torture all who would burst the fetters of darkness which bind them to her drear abode, and rise on education's wings to realms of light and usefulness.

This class of critics would very likely object—though I do not suppose any of them are here to-night—to the method I have proposed of treating this subject.

They would probably insist that

I keep

3*4 WHAT IS EDUCATION?

education and religion apart, and, as in die case of that terrible bugaboo, Church and State, of which we hear so much, that each be "relegated to its proper sphere."It is not my intention at this time to reply at length to the accusations of infidels and would-be iconoclasts, who confound the abuses of religion with religion itself, pure and undefiled; who can see no difference between true and false religion; who persist in mistaking the counterfeit for the genuine; who fain would make the whole responsible for a perverted part, and are satisfied with nothing less than wholesale denunciation for the misdeeds of individuals.

Such persons have possibly never heard or have never believed, that "the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom,"and are ignorant of the fact—for it is a fact that education is religion's handmaid, if not, in the truest sense of the term, her identical self.

Those who are pleased to doubt this, I would exhort to be more liberal in their observation and research.

"He that judgeth a matter before he heareth it, is not wise."We have no right to condemn, until we are certain we have fairly and thoroughly investigated.

"A little learning is a dangerous thing, Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring

There, shallow draughts intoxicate the brain,

And drinking largely, sobers us again."

No one who comprehends the scope and meaning of religion, and is not blinded by prejudice to the glory of its achievements, will earnestly contend that it is the foe, or even the lukewarm friend of education.

They who would do so have not been drinking deeply of the waters of knowledge.

They have but felt the spray of the fountain, and are intoxicated, in their emptiness, with the bare fragrance of what they have yet to taste.

The subject of education, it is hardly necessary to say, is of paramount importance.

The advantages which accrue from the exercise and development of the faculties are so numerous and apparent, that argument would be needless and enumeration tiresome.

Be a person never so gifted, so far as natural powers go, yet what are those powers worth if they are not brought into exercise; or wherein lies the superiority of their possessor if they are not trained to a higher state of efficiency than those possessed by others?

What is the value of a gold or silver mine, until a shaft penetrates its subterranean depths, and the precious ore is brought to the surface and placed upon the market?

Between genius and talent, there is an undoubted difference, but talent in action is greater than genius that lies dormant, and like the industrious tortoise it will plod to the goal of success, while the indolent hare is sleeping by the way.

The father of Edwin Booth, the actor, is said to have been a great genius, capable of achieving almost at a bound what it has taken his talented son nearly a life-time to accomplish.

Yet Edwin Booth, to-day, is a greater actor than his father was, for the simple reason that he is an educated artist, a finished student of his profession, with his natural abilities expanded to comparative perfection by steady, prolonged and arduous toil.

Genius, talent, natural gifts and graces are very good things to possess, but they are only half possessed until they are educated.

It is the experienced wrestler, with every nerve and muscle in play, who throws his antagonist, not the Apollo-like form of grace and beauty alone, nor even the clumsy strength of an unskilled Hercules.

It is the trained courser that wins the race.

It is the polished gem which shines with the brightest lustre.

I am reminded of the story told of the three tramps who found four apples.

Being very hungry, as tramps sometimes are, they were considerably elated at the lucky find.

The only thing that troubled them was how to divide the apples equally.

Each could take one without any difficulty, but which was to have the remaining apple?

Finally, one of the trio, who, by the by, was the inevitable Irishman, was fired with an idea:

"I have it,"said he, "there's two

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

for you two, and there's two for me, too."The others became suddenly thoughtful, scratched their heads dubiously for a moment, and exclaimed:

"That's it; that's correct.

Ah!

What a fine thing it is to have an education."An acquaintance of mine, naturally a smart financier, once told me that if he were educated he could make thousands of dollars, where now he could only make hundreds.

Let us hope he would have made them in a fairer way than the tramp did his apples.

The question now arises—What is education?

I have already answered it in part, but what does the word in its fullest sense signify?

It is the expansion of the soul—the body and the spirit—to the fulness of its capacity.

It is the cultivation and highest possible development of the natural faculties;

the bringing forth and perfecting of all the inherent powers of the individual.

This is the definition of a perfect education, and it is the limit and index of its capabilities.

Education imparts nothing but discipline and development.

It does not increase the number of man's faculties;

it adds nothing to the sum of his original possibilities.

In other words, it does not evolve something from nothing.

Like the work of creation, which is almost a synonym for education, it must have material to work with, something upon which to operate.

"Education forms the human mind;"it does not create it, in the sense of calling it into existence.

The mind of man never was created;

it has always existed, as an entity, and is co-eternal with the mind of God Himself.

So says Joseph Smith.

Man's spirit was made, and his mortal body has been made, but not the eternal spark, that self-existent germ, the individual intelligence which inhabits that dual tabernacle.

Matter, both spiritual and temporal, is eternal also, and cannot, as matter, be created or destroyed.

Matter may be changed in form; mind may improve in condition; but both are self-existent, everlasting in their nature, and, as they had no beginning, they can never have an end.

Progress and education are interchangeable terms, but where progress began, or where education will end, it is beyond the power of human intellect to conceive.

In a relative sense, however, education may be said to take hold where nature has left off, and to finish the work which she has begun.

The educator stands in the same relation to the pupil, as the husbandman does to the tree.

He may plant and nourish, cultivate and fertilize, prune, trim and straighten, watch over and protect; but it is the pupil or the tree itself which expands in accordance with the law of its own being, bears its own fruit, and fills up the measure of its creation.

As in ancient Gospel times, when "Paul planted and Apollos watered,"it is "God that giveth the increase."By education, therefore, I do not simply mean that mental training which schools and colleges impart.

That is but a single phase of the subject.

Schools, in the technical sense, are not the only means of giving education.

Men have been educated who perhaps never saw the inside of a school room.

Those who can learn nothing out of school, will learn little if anything, in school.

Strictly speaking, schools do but little towards educating the mind, though that little, if done well, is very important.

They prepare and point out the way to Learning's fane, but they cannot guarantee the reaching of the goal.

The school is the armory where the knight selects his weapons and buckles on his mail.

It is not the battle-field, where victory or defeat awaits him.

Life itself is a school;

all human experience is an educational process; and correctly understood, the entire race of man, from the loftiest to the most limited intelligence, are here as pupils, passing through the various grades and departments of mortal discipline, to acquire as the result an education, which is all that can be taken hence, and is the only thing that will fit and prepare us for the society of those whom we some day hope to meet and mingle with.

"Like cleaves to like,"in heaven

WHAT JS EDUCATION/ as on earth, and "birds of a feather"will "Mock together."Do we, who at times talk so glibly of mingling with God and angels, realize that in order to do so, we must first become godlike and angelic in our natures?

Are we educating ourstlves for the society of such beings?

Are we becoming pure as they are pure?

Are we growing unselfish, as they are unselfish?

Are our souls expanding with love, with magnanimity, with devotion to truth and justice, with mercy and charity for mankind, and adoration for God?

Or, are we in our daily lives, our thoughts, words and actions, becoming more sordid and selfish, narrowing and belittling ourselves, dwarfing our growth, retarding our development, diminishing instead of increasing our souls'capacity?

Such queries are important, for upon the truthful answers we are able to make, depend, more than is generally imagined, our eternal futures.

No matter what our ambition is; how ardently we may desire to rise and reign;

if we are not fitted for the plane to which we aspire, we will gravitate as naturally as water seeking its level, to something lower.

Exaltation in any degree implies the capacity to receive and contain that which is given.

Eternal glory cannot adhere to an unworthy object.

An attempt to put more in a vessel than it is able to hold will result in waste.

God is a wise economist; He cannot descend to extravagance and folly.

"In my Father's house are many mansions,"said the Savior.

"There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars.

For one star differeth from another star in glory.

So also is the resurrection of the dead."We may blaze like the sun in its majesty, we may beam like the moon in softened lustre, or we may twinkle like the stars;

but whatever we are and whatever we attain to, will correspond with the measure of our faithfulness on earth and the degree of education we have acquired.

As we learn our lessons here, we will take our places in the class-rooms of the hereafter.

Education is the reward of experience, and progress is written upon all of God's creations, excepting those that shirk the responsibilities which life entails, and fail in the performance of the tasks allotted them.

What are those stars that bespangle yonder heavens, glittering like jewels upon the bosom of night?

Educated worlds, or worlds that are being educated homes of the redeemed and glorified, or of those who, like ourselves, yet hope for glorification.

Is not our earth itself at school?

Is not every form of life upon its surface in process of preparation for something higher, nobler and better to come?

When we reflect upon these things—and they well repay reflection—we may begin to realize the true value and importance of the time we now possess and the opportunities and advantages which are placed at our disposal.

That this is not a universal view, nor even a general one, I am well aware.

There are thousands, yes, millions of our race, who seem to have no higher conception of the purpose for which they were created, than the birds of the air, the beasts of the field, or the denizens of the watery deep.

"Life,"says Ingersoll, "is a narrow bridge, spanning the river of Time, the one end resting on mists, the other on eternal shadows."

Again: "Life is a narrow vale, between the barren peaks of two eternities."Another poet makes one of his creatures say: "Hereafter! Aye, hereafter, a whip to keep the coward to his track;

for what gave Death ever from his kingdom back, to check the skeptic's laughter?

No, no; we die even as do the flowers, and we shall breathe away our lives upon the chance wind e'en as they."What beautiful poetry, yet what false and fatal philosophy!

Such words flash and glitter, but they do not burn.

They are not starrays, that shed light and comfort and guide the wanderer home. They are will- o'-the-wisps, leading into the marshes of despair;

flitting meteors, that bewilder by their brilliance, but expiring leave the heavens darker and more desolate than

WHAT IS EDUCATION

before. Who would be an infidel? Who would exchange the poetry, the philosophy of truth, for the poetry and sophistry of error?

But it is not alone the infidel mind which fails to read aright the meaning of life.

Those who cherish the mistaken thought that this little span is the be-all, and the door-way we call death the endall of existence, are not the only infidels of society.

Infidelity, like the darkness which it typifies may exist in different degrees of density.

Between the fulness of faith and the emptiness of utter unbelief, there is a sliding scale of many grades and notches.

Any one who has imbibed the notion that life was intended as a holiday for idleness, or earth a playground for pleasure, is to some extent an infidel, an unbeliever.

Any one who supposes that the aggrandizement of self, or the unrestrained indulgence of passion is the rule that should govern human conduct, has failed, miserably failed, to learn even the alphabet of the great lesson of life.

Man is, or may be said to be, a manysided being.

All sides of him ought to be educated.

He possesses, in embryo, every faculty and attribute of his Creator.

"What man now is, God once was what God now is, man may be."The difference between Him and us, vast as it is, is solely the result of education.

The Prophet Joseph Smith, the enunciator of this great truth, doubtless had it in mind when he declared that whatever principles of intelligence man attains to in this life, they will rise with him in the resurrection; and if any soul, by its diligence and faithfulness, acquires more knowledge than another, it will have just so much advantage in the world to come.

"It is impossible,"said he, "for a man to be saved in ignorance.""A man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge, for if he does not get knowledge, he will be brought into captivity by some evil power in the other world, as evil spirits will have more knowledge and consequently more power than many men who are on the earth."Strange, is it not, in the face of such declarations as these, that men will still assert that the "Mormon"religion is opposed to education?

"The glory of God is intelligence,"says "Mormonism,"It is His superior intelligence which makes Him the Supreme being that He is. He acquired the transcendent height whereon He stands, by educating—developing, through study, labor and experience, the godlike powers inherent within Him;

by battling with evil and overcoming it, and rising superior from every contest therewith.

Such is the course, also, for man to pursue, for he is the child of God, created in His image and endowed with His attributes;

possessing all the powers, in a latent or partly developed state, which have, by expansion and development, exalted our eternal Parents from manhood and womanhood to Godhood, and are capable in similar manner upon the same conditions, of raising their offspring to a like lofty level.

Would it be going too far in this direction, to believe that all God's children possess the same talents in common, though in various degrees of development?

Would it be too much to say that, if all souls were equally and uniformly educated, the words "gifted,""talented,"etc., as implying distinctions of ability, would fall into disuse, or have a universal, as they now have a relative application?

From an earthly point of view, with one's vision barred by the horizon of Time, such a proposition would seem altogether improbable.

The talents which men and women exhibit in this life are so various, both as to number and quality, and in some instances are so conspicuous by their apparent absence, that it is hard to believe some souls do not possess talents which in others are absolutely wanting.

The musician, for instance, has a gift which differs from that of the poet, the painter, the sculptor, the orator, the warrior, the statesman, the financier, etc., or he may unite in himself two or more of these talents, while others appear to lack them entirely.

All this from an earthly standpoint.

But when we take higher

WHAT IS EDUCATION.

ground; when earthly distinctions are swept away, and we stand face to face with our common Origin and our eternal destiny, how can we decide otherwise than that God's works are perfect, in germ as they will be in fruition;

that like has begotten like in the fullest sense of the word; and that none of His sons and daughters are deficient in those elementary endowments which it is their natural right to inherit from a common Parentage, and that Parentage the embodiment of perfection?

True, some of these gifts may be latent in many, latent in the spirit as well as in the body;

or, they may for a wise purpose be lying dormant now, though spiritually in a high state of cultivation already. Even God, the Redeemer, could forget temporarily that He was a God, when He descended and took up the infant body of Jesus of Nazareth.

He gradually grew, in the flesh, to a knowledge of who and what He was in the spirit.

In like manner, might not any spirit, highly talented, temporarily lose one of its gifts, or permit it to lie idle, like a harp untouched, while its possessor was engaged in cultivating some other talent, having greater need of education?

I simply throw this out as a suggestion.

It is not my place to assert its absolute correctness.

At any rate we know that it is not always safe to judge by outward appearances.

In the case of Him who, for a divine purpose, descended below all things:

He wandered through the faithless world,

A Prince in shepherd's guise;

He called His scattered flock, but few

The Voice would recognize;

For minds upborne by hollow pride, Or dimmed by sordid lust, Ne'er look for kings in beggar's garb

For diamonds in the dust.

But while it may be true that all minds are originally equal as to the sum of their elements or component parts, the opposite view is practically correct, so far as this life is concerned.

It is evident that men and women, here, are each adapted by nature for some special pursuit or vocation.

For this reason those who are intelligent enough to recognize the "gift that is within them,"generally seek to cultivate that gift, to the comparative neglect of others.

They argue that Time is too short to achieve success in all directions, even if the talents are not wanting, and that it is better to concentrate upon a single point, and make a success of any one thing, if legitimate, than to fail in attempting many;

also, that it is economy both of time and effort to train that talent which is the farthest advanced already.

This is correct reasoning, from a business stand point, and if it would only strike home to the souls of all, the world in general would have reason to rejoice.

If the principle of eternal fitness, suggested by the old axiom:

"A place for everything, and everything in its place,"were only in force, as it will some day be, and if men and women would not allow themselves to sink below, nor seek to rise above that for which nature and nature's God intended them, who will say the world would not be happier and better, and several degrees nearer than now to the standard of perfection which its Creator designs it shall eventually reach?

Dr.

Holland says, in an essay on American Public Education:

"It is safe to make the proposition that public schools are a curse to all the youth whom they unfit for their proper places in the world.

It is the favorite theory of teachers that every man can make of himself anything that he really chooses to make.

They resort to this theory to rouse the ambition of their more sluggish pupils, and thus get more study out of them.

I have known entire schools instructed to aim at the highest places in society, and the most exalted offices of life.

The fact is persistently ignored in many of these schools, established emphatically for the education of the people, that the majority of the places in this world are subordinate and low places.

Every boy and girl is taught to 'be something'in the world, which would be very well if being 'something'were being what God intended they should be; but when being 'something'involves the transformation of what God intended should be a

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

respectable shoemaker into a very indifferent and a very slow going minister of the Gospel, the harmful and even ridiculous character of the instruction becomes apparent.

"There are two classes of evil results attending the inculcation of these favorite doctrines of the school teachers—first, the unfitting of men and women for humble places;

and, second, the impulsion of men of feeble powers into high places, for the duties of which they have neither natural nor acquired fitness.

Under the present mode of education, nobody is fitted for a low place and everybody is taught to look for a high one.

The boys have sought out from literature every stirring appeal to effort and every extravagant promise of reward. We hear of 'infinite yearnings'from the lips of girls who do not know enough to make a pudding and of being polished 'after the similitude of a palace'from those who do not comprehend the commonest duties of life.

"The universal greed for office is nothing but an indication of the appetite for distinction which has been diligently fed from childhood. The consequence is that politics have become the pursuit of small men, and we no longer have an opportunity to put the best men into office.

The scramble for place among fools is so great and so successful that men of dignity and modesty retire from the field in disgust.

"The bar is cursed with nobodies as much as the pulpit.

The lawyers are few;

the pettifoggers are many.

Multitudes of lawyers are a disgrace to their profession and a curse to their country.

They live on quarrels and breed them that they may live.

"As for the medical profession,

I tremble to think how many enter it because they have neither piety enough for preaching, nor brains enough to practice law.

When I think of the great army of little men that is yearly commissioned to go forth into the world with a case of sharp knives in one hand, and a magazine of drugs in the other, I heave a sigh for the human race.

"Especially is all this lamentable when we remember that it involves the spoiling of thousands of good farmers and mechanics to make poor professional men, while those who would make good professional men are obliged to attend to the simple duties of life, and submit to preaching that neither feeds nor stimulates them and medicine that kills or fails to cure them.

"The multitude dress beyond their means, and live beyond their necessities, to keep up a show of being what they are not.

Humble employments are held in contempt, and humble powers are everywhere making high employments contemptible.

Let us have this thing altogether reformed."If I were asked to define more particularly my idea of a perfect education

I would say it is the full and uniform development of the mental, the physical, the moral and the spiritual faculties.

The cultivation of the intellect, as said, is but one phase of the subject, and not by any means the most important one.

Useful and valuable though it be as a branch of education, it is of secondary consideration compared with other departments of that vast system of development by means of which, as an entirety, it is alone possible for the human mind and soul to be perfectly educated.

This may not be a popular view, but I am satisfied it is the correct one.

Those persons who bestow every care and attention upon their minds, and who seem to have but one thought,

How shall I shine in society, or make a financial success in the world?

are egregiously in error if they think they are gaining the best part of life's experience, or securing the education of which they have most reason to be proud.

Many of them, if they were wise enough to see it, are not doing justice even to their mental faculties.

No one who reads a book simply to be able to chatter about its contents;

who witnesses a play, or inspects a work of art, for the mere purpose of saying he has seen it; who journeys to foreign lands with no object in view but to boast of having been there;

who lives in

35° WHAT IS EDUCATION?

fact for show and glitter and not for usefulness and truth, can truly be said to be educated, even intellectually.

The magpie and the parrot have an almost equal claim.

If your study and observation have not made you stronger and more useful, more capable of grasping life's realities and rendering them subservient to your will, boast not of your education, of the books you have read, the sights you have seen, and the number of miles you have traveled.

You might as well boast of the gallons of water you have drank, or the number of beef-steaks you have masticated.

Says Lord Bacon:

"It is not what men eat, but what they digest, that makes them strong; not what we gain, but what we save, that makes us rich;

not what men read, but what they remember, that makes them learned; and not what we preach, but what we practice that makes us Christians.

These are great but common truths, often forgotten by the glutton, the spendthrift, the bookworm and the hypocrite."

The suicidal and homicidal policy of cultivating the intellect, and neglecting the physical, the moral, and what is of still greater importance, the spiritual faculties, is illustrated in the lives of men and women all around us.

The spirit and the body are so intimately associated, and the various parts of human nature so mutually interwoven, that neither can be neglected without injuring the others.

There are those who carefully cultivate their minds and almost entirely neglect their bodies.

The consequence is that the expanding intellect, deprived of its adequate physical support—for a strong mind needs a strong body—eventually overpowers the weak constitution and renders its possessor an invalid for life, and the occupant of an untimely grave. Instance the case of Henry Kirke White.

If this gifted and promising poet, whose intense application to study ruined his health and hurried him into eternity, ere he had fairly entered upon his earthly career, had been more mindful of his physical welfare, and had taken half the pains to strengthen his body that he did to develop his mind, he might have attained to thrice the age at which he died, and the wings of his genius, instead of being prematurely clipped, would have wafted him in triumph to the topmost pinnacle of poetic fame.

Hear what Lord Byron says of him:

Unhappy White while life was in its spring, And thy young muse just waved her joyoiH wing, The spoiler swept that soaring lyre away,

Which else had sounded an immortal lay.

Oh, what a noble heart was here undone,

When Science'self destroyed her favorite son Yes, she too much indulged thy fond pursuit, She sowed the seeds, but Death has reaped the fruit.

'Twas thine own genius gave the final blow,

And helped to plant the wound that laid thee low;

So the struck eagle, stretched upon the plain,

No more through rolling clouds to soar again, Viewed his own feather on the fatal dart, And winged the shaft that quivered in his heart Keen were his pangs, but keener far to feel,

He nursed the pinion which impelled the steel

While the same plumage that had warmed his nest, Drank the last life-drop from his bleeding breast.

Dr. Park used to tell our class there was very little danger of our going as White did, and that we could "put in our best licks"at study with every assurance of safety.

Still the example cited is one that points a moral, and much of that said of Henry Kirke White might be said of thousands who have vainly imagined the word "education"to simply imply the development of the mental powers.

Of late years more attention has been given to physical culture in our schools, than perhaps ever before.

The reform was much needed, and has already borne wholesome fruit.

I would not, however, advise people to fly to the other extreme, and bestow every thought upon their physical development.

Sullivan "the slugger"and Paddy Ryan may be very fine specimens of physical manhood to behold, but they are hardly fit subjects for a pedestal of worship, nor are their

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

examples the most worthy of emulation.

""Pull down your colleges,"exclaimed a negro orator, in a burst of satirical eloquence, "pull down your colleges, we have oarsmen enough!"The sarcasm is perhaps merited in some localities.

Boating, bicycling, boxing, base-balling, are all well enough in their way—particularly for poor students who cannot afford a wood-pile—but when it comes to devoting one's self exclusively to such pursuits, "it is too much of a good thing,"altogether.

The wise will avoid excesses of all kinds.

In this •connection let me advise all to read carefully and reflect well upon section of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, and pay particular attention to the last four paragraphs.

Some people, however, imagine they fulfil every requirement of education by developing both intellect and physique, though ignoring completely the cultivation of the moral attributes. Lord Chesterfield, the personification of politeness, whose letters so many have admired, was evidently one of this kind.

He taught his son manners that would have made a French dancing master envious, but utterly neglected, nay, even took pains, it would seem, to vitiate his morals.

The result of such a fallacy is that the mental and physical force accruing from this imperfect system of development, is just so much more power for the perpetration of wickedness.

The more intelligent the mind, the greater its capacity for good or evil; and the stronger the body the more able it is to execute the purposes of the mind. Like a powerful locomotive off the track, or in momentary danger of flying from it, is the educated mind and body, without morality aboard as engineer to guide, control, restrain arid manipulate its powers.

If mental and physical discipline were allsufficient, prisons would not be crowded with educated convicts; banks would not "break"nearly so often; the Canadian border would not be so thickly populated with American embezzlers;

scientific murders would not be so frequent; ruined virtue would weep less over misplaced confidence and the spoliation of chastity;

law and justice would be impartially administered, even in Utah; prosecution and persecution would not be synonymous terms;

accusation would not be equivalent to conviction; honest, Godfearing men would not be imprisoned for the sake of their religion, while robbers and murderers are pardoned and turned loose to prey upon society.

A man or woman, educated, but devoid of moral principle, is just so much nearer a devil, and is admirably adapted as an instrument of Satan for the furtherance of his fell designs.

Let us never forget that intelligence is not virtue;

polite manners not pure morals;

riches and refinement not synonymous with truth and integrity;

nor political eminence and temporal prosperity infallible indications of character and stability, or effectual safeguards against the ravages of corruption and crime.

Sound moral principle is the only sure evidence of strength, the only firm foundation of greatness and perpetuity.

Where this is lacking, no man's character is strong, no nation's life can be lasting.

Wealth and learning, though powerful factors for good when properly employed, if perverted are equally as potential for evil, and civilization is a lofty height, a splendid precipice, glorious and advantageous if attained and held, but a fall from which, as a necessary consequence, must be all the more ruinous and terrible.

What has history to say of the neglect by men and nations of this important truth?

The answer is reiterated in the overthrow of the mightiest empires of ancient times.

Babylon, Persia, Greece, Rome;

the four successive universal powers of the past!

What and where are they?

Earth, that once trembled at their names, now barely retains them in memory.

From the very summit of pride, power, and human greatness, they descended like Lucifer to perdition.

Was it for want of intelligence, wealth, civilization?

No, they had these, and more, and still they fell.

It was because they had lost their moral character;

they had squandered that "immediate jewel of the soul,"possessing

WHAT IS EDUCATION?

which the poorest beggar is a prince, and without which the wealthiest prince is worse than a beggar.

They had lost the stamina of virtue, the backbone of moral principle, and, like rotten wrecks in a tempestuous sea, thenceforth unable to withstand the fury of the elements, they were beaten to pieces by the winds and waves and buried in the ocean of semi-oblivion.

So long as they remained upright and virtuous, battling for right and upholding honest principle, they flourished far and mightily;

their honor unstained, their arms invincible, their wisdom proverbial, their power unquestioned and supreme. Like giant oaks of the forest, deep-rooted and sturdy-boughed, swinging wide their lusty limbs and rustling their bright foliage aloft, they laughed to scorn and bid defiance to the warring elements whose fiercest storms but added to them fresh vigor and longevity.

But when their moral sap was spent, and the fountain which supplied it was no more;

when vice had dethroned virtue, and passion usurped the place of principle;

when they no longer fought for freedom and self-preservation, but slaughtered and pillaged to appease a morbid appetite for crime and conquest; when from patriots they transformed themselves into plunderers and oppressors, no longer regarding the rights or redressing the wrongs of humanity, but ignoring and trampling upon the one, while they augmented and intensified the other; when the rank weeds of luxury, licentiousness, dissipation and debauchery had choked out the flowering plants of frugality, temperance, chastity, and the rest of their hardy primitive virtues;

the day of their doom and disaster was at hand.

As trees struck by lightning, blighted by the fierce wrath of Omnipotence, they immediately commenced to wither and decay;

till eventually a strong blast sweeping through their leafless tops, shattered their enfeebled trunks, and tearing them up by the roots, dashed them lifeless to the earth with a warning crash that echoed and re-echoed throughout the world.

They fell as men and nations have ever fallen.

They sowed the seed and reaped the harvest of their own destruction.

Like suicides, besotted in sin and drunken with iniquity, they held to their own lips the deadly draught and madly reckless of results, quaffed the poisonous potion to the dregs.

Let the nineteenth century beware!

Let the nations ot the earth take warning.

Let the present heed well the lesson of the past.

History has not yet ceased to repeat itself.

Similar causes in all ages will have similar effects, and the same circumstances which can combine for the overthrow of men and nations, are capable of conspiring for the downfall and destruction of a world.

But, not to wander too far from our theme. Suppose a person to be educated mentally, physically and morally; is his education yet complete?

Look at the atheist, who denies the existence of his Creator, who ridicules the hopes and discourages the efforts of those who endeavor to work out their eternal salvation!

Is his mind quick and powerful?

Yes.

Is his body strong and active? Yes.

Is his private life and character above reproach?

It may be. And yet he stands as a barrier and a stumbling block at the gateway of eternal life, neither going in himself, nor allowing the peaceable privilege to others;

but harassing and disheartening the already weak and trembling, piling discomfort upon the back even now bending beneath its burden, weakening those who have barely strength to stand as it is, strewing briars under their lacerated and bleeding feet, pulling down the only shelter over their heads, and instead of whispering comfort to their worn and drooping souls, making the present a cheerless scene of woe and misery—as it is without the hope of happiness hereafter—and picturing a future of black and barren desolation beyond.

Are these the fruits of a perfect education?

Has not such a one's training been neglected in some important particular?

Even if he be a philanthropist, manifesting love and charity for his fellowmen, and setting them a moral example that is unimpeachable, can a

RIDICULING AN INVENTOR.

person of such limited views regarding life and the origin and destiny of mankind, be said to possess an education full and complete?

No, no; mental, physical and moral discipline are not all that is necessary.

They are barely sufficient to guide us along the ordinary walks of this life, without any reference to the endless existence towards which we are rapidly hastening.

"To prepare us for complete living,"says Herbert Spencer, "is the function which education has to discharge."Complete living, to my mind, must mean life here and hereafter.

Man, while on earth, should learn the way to heaven.

He should be qualified to undertake, at a moment's warning, the endless and immortal career that lies before him.

Hence, the necessity of a spiritual education, which alone is the most important training that the human mind can receive.

Why is it the most important?

Because it comprehends all others, which are neither more nor less than its component parts, the several branches of one great tree, the various departments of an all-comprising system, the separate lessons of a manifold truth, tributary rivers flowing from a common

Source into the vast ocean of universal intelligence.

"Seek first the kingdom of God, and all else shall be added unto you."Man is at school on earth; he is at home in heaven.

From the primaries of a spiritual pre-existence, he descends to the intermediate department of mortality, where, if he is wise, he will ply every effort, and use wisely and well every privilege and possession within his power; that by learning well the lessons of this life he may advance from grade to grade of intelligence, until finally he graduates with the highest honors, and is prepared to meet and forever mingle with the pure, the refined, the educated society of the eternal worlds.

RIDICULING AN INVENTOR.

An inventor must run the gauntlet of criticism and ridicule before he gains for his invention the confidence of the public.

It is annoying to the inventor, but it is beneficial to the community, for it secures the survival of the fittest.

George Stephenson used to speak with indignation of how the "Parliament men"badgered and baffled him with their book-learning, when he proposed to build a railroad from Liverpool to Manchester.

The smoke from the engine, said these book-learned men, will kill all the birds, and the sparks will set fire to fields and houses.

The passengers will be made sea-sick;

the noise will frighten away the game, and thousands of coachmen and inn-keepers will be thrown out of employment.

The fast mail-coaches were driven at the rate of ten miles an hour.

When Stephenson asserted that his steamcoaches would attain to a much more rapid rate of speed, he was laughed at and hooted as a crack-brained enthusiast.

"You must not claim a speed of over fifteen miles an hour,"said the nervous counsel of the promoters of the railroad to Stephenson, just as he was about to appear before a Parliamentary committee.

A member of the committee, opposed to the proposed railroad, thought he could made the simple-hearted engineer assert an absurdity that would kill the project.

"Well, Mr.

Stephenson,"he asked, "perhaps you could go seventeen miles an hour.""Yes.""Perhaps twenty miles an hour?""Certainly.""Twenty-five, I dare say.

You do not think it impossible?""Not at all impossible.""Dangerous, though?""Certainly not.""Now tell me, Mr. Stephenson, will you say that you can go thirty miles an hour?""Certainly."The fish was hooked to an absurdity, so every member of the commitee thought; and they all leaned back in their chairs and roared with laughter.

Their sons now ride sixty miles in sixty minutes.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Salt Lake City, June, 1885.

THE "MORMON"PROBLEM.

We are not at war with the government of the United States, nor do we propose to be placed, in reality or by misrepresentation, in a position of antagonism to the nation of which we form a part. We reverence the Constitution, which we believe was inspired of God;

we cherish the memory of the patriots who framed it; we accept their enunciation of the inalienable rights of man, and, in common with all freemen who love this glorious land and desire to see its noble institutions perpetuated, we claim the right to life, the right to liberty, and the right to pursue happiness, as our own consciences dictate, so long as we do not infringe upon the rights of others.

Ours is a history replete with strange events.

Born and nurtured in the belief, as most of us were, that these blessings were ours by a dual birthright—first from Him who created all men equal, finally from sires and matrons who shed their blood and sacrificed their all, to preserve inviolate and bequeath them as a sacred heritage to posterity—we have seen with sorrow a disposition manifested by some to deny and even deprive us of those rights to which our claim is equal with and our title no less valid than their own.

What is there, we ask, in our religious belief, strange and peculiar though it may seem, or in its free and peaceable exercise under the Constitution, to provoke or justify the wide-spread feeling of enmity and distrust, of which advantage has been taken by some of its chief authors and promoters in our midst—adventurers, having nothing to lose but everything to gain from the fruition of their fell designs—to have inaugurated the reign of terror now prevailing within our once peaceful and happy borders?

We believe that, in fulfilment of prophecy, as recorded in the Holy Scriptures, the God ol heaven, in pursuance of His design to redeem the earth and regenerate the human race, has restored in the nineteenth century the fulness of the Everlasting Gospel, hitherto absent for ages on account of transgression and apostasy.

We believe in immediate revelation from heaven, whereby the Creator and Ruler of the universe makes known His will to His creatures upon the earth, in accordance with the numerous needs and ever-varying circumstances of mortal life.

We believe in the administration of living Prophets and Apostles, inspired men;

in the spiritual gifts and graces of the Gospel;

in the power and authority of the Holy Priesthood;

and in every doctrine and ordinance enunciated by authority from God, whether revealed through living oracles or inculcated by the Christian Bible, a record confirming in every respect the tenets, rites and dortrines of this Church, as made known and commanded by modern revelation.

Among the principles thus newly revealed is the revelation on the eternity of the marriage covenant, including plurality of wives, wherein it is shown that men of blameless life, of unimpeachable virtue and integrity, may espouse, under sacred regulations and by their mutual consent, more than one wife;

covenanting to support, care for, protect, acknowledge and maintain them and their children, in holy matrimonial and paternal relationships; that the husband and father, taking upon himself these added responsibilities, with wives and mothers willing to share his lot, by laboring and sacrificing for his family on earth, may possess them eternally in heaven, wherein, it is held, is the assurance of celestial exaltation.

EDITORIAL.

To confirm his belief in this sacred principle, and justify to others his acceptance of it as a direct, divine injunction, the "Mormon"polygamist points to the practice of the self-same doctrine in the days of the ancient Patriarchs and Prophets.

Says he:

"Our faith and practice for which we are sought to be condemned and punished, is the faith and practice of the best and holiest of God's children.

If we are sinners in this respect, then Abraham, who is distinguished by the Lord Himself as the friend of God, was a sinner.

If we are sinners, then Jacob and Moses and Elkanah, Solomon and

David, and a host of others too numerous to mention, were also sinners.

Even Jesus Himself, the Being whom we adore as our Redeemer and the Author of our salvation, called the Eternal Father whom He worshiped and whom we are commanded to worship, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, showing that the God of heaven Himself attached no condemnation of these men for their practice of patriarchal marriage;

but in many instances commanded it, provided laws for it arrangement, and called those who practiced it His friends and men after His own heart.

And, what is still more worthy of remark, that in choosing a lineage from which

His beloved Son Jesus should descend, He choose a lineage distinguished in the earth among all nations, as polygamic.

The most renowned ancestors of the Savior of the world, and to whom he most frequently alluded, were polygamists."

In reply to the oft-repeated assertion from unfriendly sources, that "polygamy"is no part of the "Mormon"religion, we need only present the following, which ought to satisfy the most incredulous.

It is an excerpt from the report of the Utah (anti-"Mormon") Commission, to the Secretary of the Interior, November, 18S4:

"This article of their faith (polygamy) is as much an essential and substantial part of their creed as their belief in baptism, repentance for the forgiveness of sins and the like.

All orthodox Mormons believe polygamy to be right, and that it is an essential part of their creed."This is the head and front of our offending.

For the sake of these views, we have borne, without retaliation, wrongs that would "stir a fever in the blood of age, and make the infant's sinews strong as steel."The cries of "treason,""rebellion,""immorality,""priestly despotism"and other infamous falsehoods flung broadcast in relation to the "Mormon"people, all take their rise in these and causes equally innocent of any such intention or effect.

Our "treason"is the treason of the Bible, which predicts the coming of the

King of kings, to reign on earth a thousand years, and establish a Sabbatic era of universal peace and righteousness.

Our "rebellion"is of that character which dares to think and protest against the unjust acts of a horde of petty tyrants, who are seeking to deprive us of the commonest rights of men, and hang upon the limbs of freedom and American citizenship the clanking chains of an absolute despotism; "rebellion"—save the mark!—which ^has ever preferred to suffer wrong rather than do wrong; which has patiently endured for fifty years the unprovoked violence of mobs, the destruction of property, the shedding of blood, the infliction of outrages compared with which death were mercy, repeated expulsion from homes thrice earned and established, and the culminating horror ot a compelled exodus, in dead of winter, of an entire community, men, women and little children, across frozen rivers and barren plains into the heart of a then sterile and forbidding wilderness; "rebellion"which, while fleeing barefooted and bleeding over the snows and prairies of an untrodden waste, sent five hundred soldiers at their country's call to fight its battles in Mexico, and one of whose earliest acts on reaching the Rocky Mountains, then alien territory, was to raise the starry banner, virtually take possession of the soil in the name of the

United States, and has ever since been knocking for the admission of the State

THE HETCH-HETCHY VALLEY.

of Deseret into the sovereign sisterhood by the American Union.

So much for "Mormon rebellion,"during the first twenty years of its existence—a fair sample of all subsequent insurrections of this "dangerous and disloyal people."As for "Mormon immorality,"it is of that kind which encourages men to marry, and makes it possible for all women to do likewise; which would give every helpless, unprotected female, desiring it, a husband and a home, thus enabling both sexes to honorably fulfil the measure of their creation; keeping pure the springs of life, forbidding and punishing fornication, seduction,adultery and infanticide, stamping out prostitution, that terrible curse of society, and making the shield of matrimony broad enough to shelter under its aegis all redundancy of womankind, and render spinsterhood and monogamy matters of choice and volition, and not as now, in thousands of instances, a cruel necessity enforced by law.

Such in brief is the "Mormon Problem,"which, correctly interpreted, means simply this:

"What shall be done with a little handful of peaceable, honest, industrious, loyal, God-fearing American citizens, who, driven repeatedly from their homes by religious bigotry and sectional intolerance, sought out a refuge in the savage desert, built up and beautified an Eden in the midst of its barrenness, where they had hoped to remain unmolested by further acts of oppression and be permitted to worship

God and practice the teachings of the Christian Bible, according to the dictates of their consciences and the revelations of the Divine will?"O. F. W.

Observe system in all you do and undertake.

THE HETCH-HETCHY VALLEY.

At the time of my recent camping trip to Hetch-Hetchy the valley was only known to the geologists and the sheepherders; and as no very public mention of it has since reached my eye, I conclude that this dainty rival of the great Yosemite is still generally unknown to tourists and nature lovers.

It lies sixteen miles north from the Yosemite Valley, California, and not quite so far inward towards the high, snowy fastnesses of the middle Sierras.

The two valleys are built—or hollowed—on the same plan.

They differ from all other valleys by being wholly shut in, and that by perpendicular walls, as if from amongst the roughest and highest mountains an area—say four miles long and half a mile wide, in the case of Hetch-Hetchy—had suddenly sunk three or four thousand feet, and as if the bottom of this great cavity, leveled by the winding river which finds its entrance and its exit through narrow gorges, had then been adorned with the most vivid and tender beauties of nature's landscape gardening.

The effect of all this upon the eye of the surprised spectator, when he for the first time peers over one of these sheer and terrible walls and sees the beautiful natural garden that lies in miniature loveliness two thousand feet below, will last a lifetime in the memory.

The waterfalls must also be mentioned as essentials in the peculiar fairness of Sierra valleys, giving, in their unceasing leap over the high walls and thunderous pounding on the tables at their base, an element ofgrand activity.

This heightens and in turn is heightened by the motionless beauty of landscape and cliff.

The trail into Hetch-Hetchy leaves the northernmost Yosemite road, known as the Oak Flat route, at Big Meadows.

There is no wagon road into the valley.

Big Meadows is a station some thirtyfive miles out of Yosemite, and was, at least formerly, a favorite camping and feeding ground for herdsmen.

The Hetch-Hetchy tourist, who may have

THE HETCH-HETCHY VALLEY.

come thus far by stage, must henceforth trust to his own legs or those of a good horse;

and he must look well to the trails.

My friend and I made the entire journey independent of stage, coming to

Milton by rail and setting forth thence on foot with twenty-five pound knapsacks.

Our walk from Milton to Big Meadows occupied three days, carrying us through

Chinese Camp and Big Oak Flat, and across the Tuolumne River.

At Big Meadows, the high road was left, and we entered the solemnity of a great region of pines, noiseless to the tread.

Here and there we noticed that curious plant, of an enlarged Indian pipe order, the sanguinea, a kind of thick, pale-red, hyacinth affair, upon which Hawthorne would surely have founded a romance if he had ever seen it.

Towards noon a rougher region was at hand; we were on the divide between the middle and south Tuolumnes, one of which flows from the valley.

Somewhat alarming evidence of the increasing wildness appeared once in the shape of a big lazy cinnamon bear, rolling on the steep above the trail, but he did not pay the slightest attention to us.

The trail is generally rough, moving, as it does, along the base of a great lateral morain of some glacier that once plowed the Toulumne canyon; in places, however, especially as it draws near the valley, it conducts to pretty, grassy, open spots, full of mountain flowers.

These increased in number, and other indications of an open prospect appeared, as well as indications that the trail had climbed to a great altitude.

Snowy summits of the Sierra shape, not far off and not far above the level of the eye, were seen in glimpses.

Presently the trees thinned out, and the trail was gently lost in a pleasant meadow, containing a pool of water, and bordered on its yonder side by a rocky rim, breast high.

We were quickly there, and mounted the rim, to look over to what might lie beyond.

It was a precipice;

the entire valley lay vertically below.

This was an entrancing surprise.

The grand, beautiful Hetch-Hetchy was all there, visible at a glance.

We saw, beneath us, an exquisite panorama, like a new Eden;

it was as calm under the evening light as a framed painting.

The sun gilded the scene. We stood high on the rocky parapet and looked far down to the green, level lawn, where the verdant, rolling forestry clustered along the curving stream, and to the white cascades, all distant, yet clearly defined, as one might look from immense walls down upon a magically beautiful court, bright green, set with shrubbery and lawns and fountains.

Hetch-Hetchy is superior to Yosemite.

It is one perfectly-cut little gem.

Yosemite is a long, strung-out cluster, too rambling and too extensive for a single sweep of the eye; moreover, the landscape-gardening of Yosemite is very rude;

it is more like an area of enclosed country with its forests and its rough places, traversed by the Merced river.

Hetch-Hetchy, on the other hand, makes a picture.

And on this picture the light poured from the clear heavens down the sheer walls, bright and cascade-dashed, to the vivid lawns and crowded tree-tops that level the distant bottom of the deep valley.

The descent from this view-platform into the valley, along a very steep trail, extended into the night hours, and we were compelled to seek in the dark a shepherd's cabin—the sole dwelling of the valley—where our need entitled us to a possession which no one was present to dispute.

In the morning the valley immediately about presented the appearance of a wet pasture, luxuriant with grass which extended thickly to the very door of the cabin.

The river was full, and the narrow exit a mile below had set the waters back.

We made our breakfast fire, rising at times to survey the great cream-colored wall which stood just across the valley from our humble door, as if a part of the premises.

The valley is only half a mile wide.

Down this wall, in a sheer plunge, poured the great Hetch-Hetchy fall, with a sullen, continued noise.

To the left of this was the most beautiful waterfall I have ever seen, a slender, thinnest veil of lawn, making the entire

HISTORICAL RECORD.

leap, but always shifting in the wind.

On our side of the valley rose Bell Mountain, a granite peak somewhat breaking the rule of the cliff's. We climbed this height the second day, and were rewarded by a great view and by the discovery of extensive glacial smoothings on the flanks, where the granite scales off in pieces more than a foot square, and uniformly a quarterinch thick.

Weather-beaten snags on the summit bear in full fruit that beautiful Sierra lichen, evernia vulpina, which enrings the pines of the foothills with yellow garlands in such remarkable symmetry.

Our excursions about the valley were limited by the wet condition of some parts;

it was impossible to cross the river.

The wetness bred innumerable mosquitoes, which greatly tried one's patience, and made sitting in the smoke of the fire while at camp a miserable necessity.

In fact, this annoyance and the discouraging simplicity of our food drove us from the valley altogether too soon.

It was on the fourth day that, shouldering our knapsacks, we climbed regretfully up the steep ascent until the view-platform was reached, paused there once more before the now familiar glory of the scene, then turned away on the departing trail, and two days later were in the mighty Yosemite.

X.

Clark.

HISTORICAL RECORD.

JUNE.

i.

1801—President BrighamYoungwas born in Whittingham, Windsor Co., Vermont.

1830—The first Conference of the Church was held in Fayette, Seneca County, New York.

1837—H.

C. Kimball and O. Hyde were set apart to go on a mission to

England—the first foreign mission of the Church.

1847—The Pioneers arrived at Fort Laramie.

1872—The first number of the Woman's Exponent was issued.

2.

1874—One hundred Goshute Indians were baptized by the Indian Interpreter Lee, in Deep Creek, Tooele County.

1878—An attempt was made to assassinate Emperor Wilhelm of

Germany, by Dr. Nobiling.

3.

1789—Poul Egede, renowned superintendent of the Greenland mission, died in Copenhagen, Denmark.

4.

1S34—Zion's Camp crossed the Mississippi River into Missouri.

5.

1841—Joseph Smith was arrested in

Nauvoo on a requisition from the State of Missouri.

6.

1831—The Church, then numbering two thousand members, held its fourth Conference, at Kirtland, Ohio, on which occasion the first High Priests were ordained.

1840—The first company of Latter-day Saints from a foreign land (numbering fortyone souls) sailed from Liverpool, England, for America.

1870—The first number of the Salt Lake Daily

Herald was published at Salt Lake City.

7.

1844—The first and only number of the Nauvoo Expositor was published in Nauvoo, Illinois.

1858—Messrs.

L. W.

Powell and Ben McCollough, peace commissioners from the Federal government, arrived in Great Salt Lake City.

8.

1834—Zion's Camp was strengthened by a company of volunteers under Hyrum Smith and Lyman Wight.

1865—Hon. Schuyler Colfax and party arrived in Salt Lake City.

9.

1 781—George Stephenson, inventor of the locomotive, was born near Newcastle, England; he died in 1848.

1841—Joseph Smith, Jr., was on trial before Judge Stephen A. Douglass, in Monmouth, Warren County, Illinois.

1872—The first passenger^train was run on the Utah Northern Railway.

10.

1841—Joseph Smith, Jr., was liberated on a writ of habeas corpus, in Monmouth, Illinois.

1S44—The paper and printing material of the Nauvoo

HISTORICAL RECORD.

Expositor were destroyed as a nuisance.

1882—Levi W. Hancock, one of the Seven Presidents of the Seventies, died in Washington, Washington County, Utah.

11.

1847—Sir John Franklin, renowned explorer, died at Point Victory, in the

North Sea;

he was born in 1783.

1849—Caleb Baldwin, one of the Prophet Joseph's fellow prisoners in Liberty jail, died in Salt Lake City.

1858—The peace commissioners met in council with President Young and others in the Council House, Salt Lake City.

12.

1844—Joseph Smith was arrested on a charge of destroying the Expositor's press, tried before the municipal court in Nauvoo, and acquitted.

1862—An expedition under R.

T.

Burton left Salt Lake City to arrest Joseph Morris and followers, who were encamped on the Weber River.

13.

1837—H. C. Kimball, O. Hyde, W.

Richards and Joseph Fielding left Kirtland, Ohio, on their mission to England. 1862—The governor's posse under R. T. Burton, arrived before Morris'camp on the Weber; a fight ensued, in which several persons were killed.

1865—Governor Doty died.

1874—The Utah Educational Bureau was established.

14.

1801—President H. C. Kimball was born in Sheldon, Franklin County, Vermont.

1846—Part of the "Camp of Israel"arrived on the Missouri River.

1850—Apostle E. Snow and Elders J.

E.

Forsgren and G.

P.

Dykes arrived in Copenhagen as the first missionaries to Scandinavia;

Elder P. O. Hansen had already arrived.

15.

1520—Pope Leo X issued a bill of excommunication against Luther.

1862—Joseph Morris, John Banks and others were killed, and the rest of the Morrisites taken prisoners on the banks of the Weber River.

The first nunber of the Deseret News was issued in Great Salt Lake

City.

16.

1862—The captured Morrisites were brought to Great Salt Lake City.

1879—George Reynolds left Salt Lake

City for the penitentiary at Lincoln, Nebraska.

I 7-!703—John Wesley, founder of Methodism, was born in Epworth, England; died 1791.

1789—The great great French revolution commenced.

1844—Joseph Smith and others weie arrested a second time on a charge of riot in destroying the Expositor, tried before Justice Daniel H.

Wells, and acquitted after a long and close examination.

1882—

Liberty Park, Salt Lake City, was formally opened.

18.

1815—The battle of Waterloo took place, in which Napoleon I was defeated by Wellington and Blucher.

1844—Joseph Smith, as mayor of Nauvoo, declared the city under martial law, and the Nauvoo Legion was ordered out.

Speaking to the Legion, the Prophet delivered his last public address.

1850—Apostle John Taylor and other Elders arrived as missionaries at Boulogne, France.

1862—The Morrisite prisoners were on trial.

Some were fined, others committed to jail.

1873—George A.

Smith arrived in Salt Lake from his Palestine trip.

19.

1831—Joseph Smith, Jr., left Kirtland, Ohio, on his first visit to Missouri.

1834—A terrible storm prevented a mob from attacking

Zion's Camp on Fishing River, Missouri.

186S—Ground was broken for the Union Pacific Railroad in Weber Canyon.

20.

1S37—Queen Victoria assumed the government of Great Britain.

The Council House and adjoining buildings destroyed by fire.

21.

1866—Prussia declared war against

Austria.

22.

1793—The late Bishop E.

Hunter was born in Newton Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.

An important revelation was given to Joseph Smith, Jr., on Fishing River,

Missouri.

1844—Joseph and Hyrum Smith and W. Richards left Nauvoo and crossed the Mississippi River, in tending to flee to the West.

36° HISTORICAL RECORD.

President Heber C. Kimball died in Salt Lake City.

23.

1834—Zion's Camp arrived near Liberty, Clay County, Missouri.

—Joseph Smith was arrested and brutally treated by J. H. Reynolds and H. T. Wilson, near Dixon, Illinois.

1S44—Through the solicitation of Joseph Smith's wife Emma and others, Joseph and his companions returned to Nauvoo.

1874—The antipolygamy law, known as the Poland bill, was passed by the United States

Senate.

1880—The Utah Southern Railroad was completed to Frisco.

24.

1804—President Willard Richards was born in Hopkinton, Middlesex County,Massachusetts. 1830—Cholera broke out in Zion's Camp and thirteen of the brethren subsequently died.

1839—The Church purchased the town of Nashville, Lee County, Iowa, and about twenty thousand acres of land adjoining it.

1843—The cornerstones of the Masonic Temple in Nauvoo were laid.

1841—Joseph and Hyrum Smith, accompanied by seventeen friends, left Nauvoo for Carthage, where they arrived near midnight.

25.

1843—News of Joseph Smith, Jr., being kidnapped reached Nauvoo, and one hundred and seventy- five men immediately started on horseback to his rescue.

1844—Joseph Smith, Jr., and the other accused brethren surrendered themselves to a constable in Carthage and submitted to a mock trial, after which they, contrary to law, were remanded to prison.

26.

181 7—President George A. Smith was born in Potsdam, St. Lawrence County, New York.

1844—Joseph Smith, Jr., and fellow prisoners had a long interview with Governor Ford in the Carthage prison.

The Governor renewed his promises of protection.

1845—The first stone was laid for a new font in the Nauvoo Temple.

!858—Colonel Johnston's army passed through Great Salt Lake City.

27.

1844—About 5:20 p. m., Joseph and Hyrum Smith were murdered by an armed mob in Carthage jail, Illinois.

John Taylor was severely wounded.

1847—The Pioneers crossed the South

Pass of the Rocky Mountains.

28.

1838—A Stake of Zion was organized in Adam-ondi-Ahman, Daviess County, Missouri.

1844—Dr.

W.

Richards and S. H. Smith conveyed the dead bodies of Joseph and Hyrum Smith to Nauvoo, where the people received them with great mourning.

1847—The Pioneers met,-Capta'in James Bridger, who offered one thousand dollars for a bushel of corn that could be produced in Great

Salt Lake Valley.

29.

1844—The martyred Prophet and Patriarch were buried secretly at Nauvoo, after being viewed by about ten thousand persons.

30.

1843—Joseph Smith arrived safely at Nauvoo, being rescued by the brethren from being kidnapped and taken to Missouri.

1846—Captain James Allen, of the United States army, arrived at Council Bluffs, Iowa, with authority to raise five hundred volunteers from the camps of the Saints.

Andrezu Jenson.

The Hottest Spot on the Earth.

—Perhaps the hottest region of the earth is along the Persian Gulf, where little or no rain falls.

At Bahrin, the arid shore has no fresh water; yet a comparatively numerous population contrives to live there, thanks to the copious springs which burst from the bottom of the sea.

The fresh water is got by diving.

The diver, sitting in his boat, winds a great goat skin bag around his left arm, the hand grasping its mouth; then he takes in his right hand a heavy stone to which is attached a strong line, and, thus equipped, he plunges in and quickly reaches the bottom.

Instantly opening the bag over the strong jet of fresh water, he springs upon the ascending current, at the same time closing the bag, and is helped on board.

The stone is then hauled up and the diver, after taking breath, plunges in again. The source of these copious submarine springs is thought to be in the green fields of Osman, some five or six hundred miles distant.

P. W. MADS EN.

M. E. CDMMINttP.

JNO. E. WINDER, JK.

CIS ariu wmMm 4™h4> Sole Agents for the Celebrated

PARIS RANCES.

Everything in Tinware and Granite

Iron Cheap as the Cheapest.

68 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

COAL! COAL! COAL!

Tlie Cele"bra/te<a.

Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, Charcoal, Coke, Pig Iron^ Wood, SEND YOUR ORDERS TO SELLS, BXJ'STOnST <S5 CO., 145 Main St., Next Door to Barratt Bros.

Telephone 211.

GET YOUR TICKETS EAST VIA Hester & Rio Crape Railway, The Scenic Route of America.

QUICK TIME, SAFE and PLEASANT CARS.

8®°* Close Connections with all Points East and South.

OFFICE:

Cor. East Temple anil Second Sooth Sis, Salt Lake City.

fKjpEM ^^fttjlfiiji In relation to OTS ei SHOES The people of Utah are sensibly united in perfering those made at I C. 1 1. FACT08Y, Salt Lake City.

flgg- Look f*r the grand, "Igfi

EL/AS MORRIS, Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and CONTRACTOR, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES & CO., Plumbers, Tinners, Gas and Steam Titters.

Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes,.A.:tC-X> SHEET X,E^.X).

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main St.

Dl Seymour B. Young, PHYSICIAN &SURGE0N Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st. South Sts.

URTON, TEA WAREHOUSE, OPPOSITE Z. C. M.

I.

WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY

WARMLY INDORSED BY such high authorities as Geo. Bancroft, Win. If. Prescott, John Li. Motlev, Fitz-G. Halleck, 15.

II. Smart, Ezra Ahhot, Wm. T. Harris, It, lias all along kept a leading place, and the

New Edition brings it fairly up to date.

London Times, June, 1882.

IN VARIOUS STYLES OF BLNDLNG, «.

Now supplied, at a small additional cost, with

DENLSON'S PATENT REFERENCE INDEX.

"The greatest Improvement in book-making that nas been made In a hundred years.''

The Cut gives hut an Incomplete Idea of its utility.

"A LIBRARY IN ITSELF."The latest edition, in the quantity of matter it contains, is believed to he tlic largest volume published.

It has 3000 more Words than any other American Dictionary, and nearly three times the number of Engravings.

It is an ever-present and reliable schoolmaster to tho whole family.—S. i>. Herald.

THE STANDARD.

fi TtmWebstor- it has 118,000 Words, \JCJl4 >L 3000 Engravings, and a Nn\ Biographical Dictionary.

rTTTT^ Standard in Gov't Printing office.

JL XIJU 38,000 eopies in Public Schools.

Sale JJO to 1 of any other series.

T3T'C, nP M '''tomakea Family intelligent.

X3X^l3JL Best help tor SCHOLARS, TEACHERS and SCHOOLS.

Webster is Standard Authority with the IT. S.

Supreme Court.

Recommended by the State Sup'ts of Schools in uti States, and'by over 50

College Presidents.

R. W. Emerson, John G. Whittier, W. I>. Howells, J. G. Holland, James T. Fields, Geo. P. Marsh, Kemp P. Battle.

Published by G. & C. MERRIAM & CO., SprinrrScld, BZms.

B. H. GODDAKD.

JUNIUS F. WELLS.

H. J. GRANT.

***** *;^*** *«v Fire Insurance and Loan Agents.

—^ Repiresecit Mora© feat WUsK Gtasa C©rcipa[iii©8.

r^^—

cere £esq: is ^l^^ys q:he ohejkpeqq.

Office: Old. Oonstit-o/tioxi B-o.ild.ing-, Salt Xjstlce Citjr.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET, G^Jtfb. 1287 First South Street W,^ZO> WJSJT26 & SOWS, Pr Q$zi0tPTu+ Jf^be ^Ite^ljs oi) t)^3 firje Choicest of ijje^fe ty Season

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGNA,^ r&AND ALL KINDS OF DRIED MEATS fill Orders entrusted to our Qare promptly ^Delivered.

GRANT. OBELI & CO (Incorporated April 1st, 1885.) Capital Stock, $100,000.00.

Fully Paid Up, $60,000.00.

Heber J. Grant, President, Joshua F. Grant, Vice-President, George T. Odell, Secretary and Treasurer.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

Heber J. Grant, F. M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Abram Hatch, Joshua F. Grant, Orson A. Woolley, George T. Odell.

tftw Bomfoanij ii now- jwefoawd to conduct a moit exfeniive and fiopular- Uade in Tru^oni, &airia§ti, cFam JmplemenU, Sk., and d'mecli attention to the following well-known and unexcelled line of§oodi:

THE CELEBRATED ISO^-iD CABTS, Pll DIM Clll IfV Dl (\Xkl The Only Single Lever Self- Leveling blLrlli oULSW rlUW, sulky plow Made.

WALTER A. WOODS HARVESTERS, MASSILON THRESHERS, GALE HAND PLOWS AND HAY RAKES.

California Concord Harness, Buffalo Barbed Wire, and General Ag i icultural Supplies.

GRANT, ODELL & CO., Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.