V The Glory of God is Intelligence.

No.

5.

FEBRUARY 1866.

vol. vii.

§5e A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WELLS.

SALT X-AHiE CXTT, CTP/HJHt.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1886.

PAGE.

Engraving Haun's Mill and Crooked River Battle-Ground...

.....Frontispiece.

The Missouri Persecutions.

V...

.-, B. H.

Roberts Natural Dissemination of Gold Scientific American...

Modern Society Judith....

the Vandals, Goths and Huns......

....Selected..

Mormonum and Education......Daniel Connelly* Sparu^h Humor Autograph Albums....

...H. W.

Naisbitt Gadet Whittaker R.

IV. Young Logan Temple Lectures.

Science yoh?i E.

Carlisle EDITORIAL:

Haun's Mill and Crooked River "The Battle Hymn of Israel."Occupation irY. Heaven M. A. Greenhalgh The Ice Palace at St. Paul Reminiscence of Victor Hugo Hannah Y. Ring The Battle Hymn of Israel..O. F.

Whitney aoo •EeEvHLATH, Wmi HODLDIM SOORS, WISDOW BUS!

GO TO THE &*£»*«» ****£*«* Stairs, jfoaijB, Stora Fronts, H&rdwoad Mln Etc,, to Order "33C.9&S Elocis Soiatli. ©f "CT. C -XS.

3=5.. Eepot m (I) H tr

THEY ARE THE

BEST.«==—

E3M ar« "JL WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS -AND ALB KINDS BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

Wall Papers, Feathers, Baby Carriages, WHOLESP'-E AND RETAIL.

1237 TO FIRST SOUTH STREET, Cartful attention given Orders by MaiL

SALT lAKE CITY.

Z.C.M.I. S

William Sanders, Manager.

WT7TVTW Tyyy yy?ryyD'?v %ia OFFERS A WHOLESALE AND FJEWAIL, FULL LINE OF neural Mereha^ V^ rU FOR VMrtETf IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH OF 8* tr UjfJp ^^0 g&o# and ShoeS, ""SSSft £^ ST MEN'S YOUTHS^andJQYS'CLOTHING.

Champion Monitor. Charter Oak, and other

Heating and Cooking STOVES.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BBOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, ETC., ETC.

ipipss^i ^bsp *#?"^t^aa^S!

TRUE MERIT HAS G-TVEN The; Largest Sale of any Tobacco in the"World.

For Sale by all the Stores of the Z. C. M.

I.

mo.e OeleTsratad.

Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, Charcoal, Coke, Pig Iron, Wood.

SEJSD YOUR ORDERS TO IW i fc—4 mSuumJ win.—IW y JEIS W JnV 4:. Wji.N OW ^wW* W'B ^ 145 Main St., Next Door to Barratt Bros.

Telephone 211.

GET YOUR TICKETS EAST—« _ _VIA—

"P.J n The Scenic Route of America.

QUICK TIME, SAFE and PLEASANT. OARS.

£^~ Close Connections ivith all Points East and South.

OFFICE:

Cor. East TupleiflsS South Sts, Salt Late City.

,„,'.«>""7 ""«,x In relation to Co The people of Utah?, are sensibly united i, in pi'efering those %, made at SALT LAKE CITY.

L*»K FOR THE BtlftHD.

Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and CONTRACTOR, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between Smith Temple and 1st, South Sts.

DAVID JAMES k CO,, Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes,.A-I^TX) SHEET IJIE^X).

Office <md Work'i Shop* 67 amd 69 MiSm, St,

Saratoga Trunks, Sample Trunks, Imitation Leather Trunks, Repairing, a Specialty.

Sole Leafher Trunks.

Crvstaline Trunks.

Canvas] runkr, Steamer Trunks TRUNKS, Ek •A MAIN STREET, Smnph Baiti, Jvwtiiy 0a6e6, £iqwol Sniti, Sefaticofie 0aie6, Sa$4 mid sSnkhdi, Scfe £mihen "ValUti, Sfc.

IP. O. BOX 75S.

The most popular Weekly newspaper devoted to science, mechanics, engineering discoveries, inventions and patents ever published.

Every number illustrated with splendid engravings, ibis publication furnishes a most valuable encyclopedia of information which no person should be without.

The popularity of the Scientific American is such that its circulation nearly equals that of all other papers of its class combined.

Price. $3.20 a year.

Discount to Clubs.

Sold by all newsdealers MUNN & CO., Publishers, No. 361Broadway, N. Y.

i Munn & Co. have.

also had Thirty- [• Eight years'linn m practice before the Patent Office and have prepared more than One Hundred Thousand applications for patents in the

United States and foreign countries.

Caveats, Trade-Marks, Copy-rights, Assignments, and all other papers for securing to inventors their rights in tho United States, Canada, England.

I< ranee, Germany and other foreign countries prepared at short notice and on reasonable terms.

Information as to obtaining patents cheerfully given without charge.

Hand-books of—information sent free.

Pa'tents obtained through Munn <fc Co. are noticed in theScientinc

American free.

Tho advantage of such notice is well understood by all persons who wish to dispose of their patents.

.

Address MUNN CO..

Office SCIENTIFIC AmebioaX. 361 Broadway, New York.

Best in the World.

A SSesmtiful Picture *2,'3ven «i li «»v«m\v package.

The Historical Steel Engraving, "THE

THREE WITNESSES."., Framed and ready for Hanging.

Price, $1.50.

Uiberal terms to Competent Agents.

Address:

Contributor Company, Salt Lake City.

Sokl by y.

C. M. J., Salt Lake City.

INSURE 1yourglomes.

Forlabout ONE CENT a day yoii)\cai% savejone thousand dellars^rz case af FIRM.

H, i, GRANI CO, jfdiftjS&fc?

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0705eng

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VII.

FEBRUARY, 1886.

No.

5.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

The greater part of the exiled Saints found a temporary resting place in Clay

County;

though some of them were scattered through Ray, Lafayette, and Van Buren Counties.

Those, however, who settled in Van Buren were again driven away, as related in our last number.

The people in Clay County, as a rule, were kind to the Saints, who were thrown so unceremoniously upon their hospitality.

They were permitted to occupy every vacant cabin, and build others for temporary shelter.

Some of the sisters obtained positions as domestics in the house-holds of well-to-do farmers, while others taught school.

For these acts of kindness, the people of

Clay County were well repaid in labor performed by the brethren, who were by no means idle, nor of the class who would receive a gratuity when it was within their power to give its equivalent in honest toil.

But look at the situation of the Saints in the best possible light, and after all, it was a gloomy prospect.

In their scattered condition no regular discipline could be enforced.

Many of them were beyond the reach of their spiritual teachers; and being surrounded by wickedness,their hopes blighted,and witnessing the apparent triumph of the wicked over the Saints,is it any wonder if in their despair, many of them committed sins, and were chargeable with follies unbecoming people of their profession?

But in the main the Saints were immovable as the everlasting hills in their righteousness, and integrity to God;

willing to count all things as dross for the excellency of the knowledge of God.

Their very suffering only wafted them nearer to Him who permitted their enemies to chasten them for their good.

Their very chastisement being a witness, that they were sons of God—that He loved them.* They were preplexed as to what course to pursue.

They knew not whether they would be permitted to return to the lands from which they had been driven or not; nor did they know whether it would be best to lease or buy lands in Clay County.

In the midst of this uncertainty, a conference was convened on the first of January, 1834, at the house of P.

P.

Pratt, at which it was "Resolved, that Lyman Wight and Parley P.

Pratt be sent as special messengers, to represent the situation of the scattered brethren in Missouri, to the Presidency of the Church in Kirtland, and ask their advice."Accordingly these brethren started to perform this mission, leaving their families in a penniless condition, while they themselves faced the winds and snows of winter in the interests of their afflicted brethren.

Pending the Saints receiving instructions from their youthful prophet, we have many events to relate to our readers.

In the latter part of December, 1833, a court of inquiry was held at Liberty, Clay County, to investigate the conduct of Colonel Pitcher, in dispossessing the Mormons of their arms, and driving them from their homes.

It * Hebrews xii, 6—9.

l62 THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

resulted in his arrest and trial, before a court martial;

but said court did not convene until the twentieth of February, 1834; and so remiss in the performance of his duty was General Thompson, who presided over the court martial trial, that no report was made to the Governor, until the'first of May;

and even then it had to be solicited by the Governor.

From the facts brought out in that trial, the Governor decided that

Colonel Pitcher had no right to dispossess the Mormons of their arms;

and sent an order to S. D. Lucas, colonel of the thirty-third rigiment, to deliver the arms taken from the Mormons on the fifth of December, 1833, to W.

W. Phelps, John Corrill, E. Partridge, A.

S. Gilbert, or their order.

Lucas, in the meantime, however, had left Jackson County, resigned his position, and had settled in Lexington.

Learning of this, the governor issued a second order for the arms, directing it this time to Colonel Pitcher.

This letter was inclosed in a letter from the Governor to W. W.

Phelps, and sent to Pitcher on the tenth of July; but the arms were never returned.

Indeed, between the issuing of the first and second order of the Governor, for their restoration to their owners, the arms were distributed among the mob;

and they insolently boasted that the arms should not be returned, notwithstanding the order of the executive.

And the determination of the mob was stonger than the authority of the Governor—the commander-in-chief of the militia of the state.

The arms were never returned.

In the month of December, 1833, the mob permitted the firm of Davies & Kelly to take the printing press owned by the Saints, over to Liberty, in Clay County, where they began the publication of The Missouri Enquirer.

This firm paid the lawyers, employed by the

Saints, three hundred dollars on the one thousand dollar note they had given their attorneys.

Not much towards paying for a press that, with the bookworks, had cost between three and four thousand dollars.

It would appear that as soon as the news of the expulsion of the Saints reached the ears of the state officers, they were anxious to reinstate them in their possessions.

R. W. Wells, the Attorney-General of Missouri, wrote to the lawyers employed by the Church to the effect, that if the Mormons desired to be returned to their homes in Jackson County, an adequate force of the State militia would be sent forthwith, to accomplish this object. The militia having been ordered to hold themselves in readiness.

He also promised that if the Mormons would organize themselves into a company of militia, they should be supplied with arms by the State.

And also suggested that, "As only a certain quantity of public arms can be distributed in each county, those who first apply will be most likely to receive them."This letter was written after a conversation with the Governor, and by that conversation, the Attorney-General believed that he was warranted in making these suggestions to the Mormons, so that we may regard the foregoing as the sentiments of the Governor, as well as of the Attorney-General.

John F. Ryland, the circuit judge for that district of which Jackson County was a part, wrote to Amos Reese, circuit attorney for the same district, and also counsel for the Church, saying that he had been requested by the Governor to inform him "about the outrageous acts of unparalleled violence that had lately happened in Jackson County;

and to examine into these outrages, and to take steps to punish the guilty, and screen the innocent."He said, however, that he could not proceed without some person was willing to give the proper information before him.

He asked the circuit attorney to find out from the Mormons, if they were willing to take legal steps against the citizens of Jackson County;

and if they desired to be reinstated in their possessions.

If so, he was willing to adopt measures looking toward the accomplishment of this object, saying that the military force would repair to Jackson County, and execute any order he might make respecting

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

the subject.

"It is a disgrace to the State,"said he, "for such acts to happen within its limits, and the disgrace will attach to our official characters, if we neglect to take proper means to ensure the punishment due such offenders."The order (or an immediate court of inquiry had been prepared by the Governor, but he waited to hear from the Saints, as to whether they desired to be reinstated in their homes or not.

The leading Elders of the Church, hearing through their attorneys of the steps taken to hold an immediate court of inquiry, at once wrote the Governor, asking him not to hold an immediate court of inquiry, as at that time many of those persons whom they would want as witnesses were scattered through several of the surrounding counties, and could not be notified in time to be in attendance.

Besides this, they urged that many of their principal witnesses would be women and children, and so long as the rage of the mob continued unabated, it would be unsafe to take these witnesses to Independence.

"An immediate court of inquiry,"wrote A. S. Gilbert, "called while our people are thus situated, would give our enemies a decided advantage in point of testimony."He asked His Excellency, therefore, in behalf of the Church, to postpone the court of inquiry until the Saints were restored to their homes, and had an equal chance with their enemies in producing testimony before the court.

Amos Rees, the circuit attorney, and one of the counsel for the church, concurred in these very reasonable requests;

and said further:

"I think that at the next regular term of the court, an examination of the criminal matter cannot be gone into without a guard for the court and witnesses."The communication which made these suggestions was followed up on the 6th of December, by a petition to the Governor, which set forth the outrages committed against the Saints by the Jackson County mob, as already related in these articles; and asked him to restore them to their possessions in that county; and protect them when restored by the militia of the State, if legal, or by a detachment of the United States Rangers.

Suggesting that doubtless the latter arrangement could be effected by the Governor confering with the President of the United

States on the subject.

They also asked that their men be organized into companies of "Jackson Guards, "and furnished with arms by the State, that they might assist in maintaining their rights. "And then,"said they, "when arrangements are made to protect us in our persons and property, (which cannot be done without an armed force, nor would it be prudent to risk our lives there without guards, till we receive strength from our friends to protect ourselves) we wish a court of inquiry instituted, to investigate the whole matter of the mob against the Mormons.

To this petition the Governor replied on the 4th of February, 1834 And said the request to be restored to their homes and lands needed no evidence to support the right to have it granted.

He also promised that if on inquiry it was found that they had been wrongfully dispossessed of their arms, an order would be issued for them to be returned.

But we have already traced that matter to its final issue, we need to allude to it no further.

In relation to the brethren organizing into military companies, the Governor said:

"Should your men organize according to law—which they have a right to do, indeed it is their dutyto do so, unless exempted by religious scruples and apply for public arms, the Executive could not distinguish between their right to have them, and the right ot every other description of people similarly situated."All these answers ot the Governor's to the petition of the exiled Saints, so far, were good, and manifest a spirit to administer evenhanded justice.

But when he comes to consider their request to be protected in their possessions, as well as reinstated in them, his reply is not so favorable.

"As to the request,"said he, "for keeping up a military force to protect your people, and prevent the commission of

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

crimes and injuries, were I to comply, it would transcend the power with which the Executive of this State is clothed."Still the laws of the State empower the "commander-in-chief, in case of actual or threatened invasion, insurrection, or war, or public danger, or other emergency, to call forth into actual service such portion of the militia as he may deem expedient."In my poor judgment, it does seem to me that under the powers here conferred upon the Executive by this provision of the law, he could have granted the request of the Saints to be protected in their homes, until peace was restored.

Surely the clause, "or other emergency "in the section of the law just quoted, was broad enough to justify him in protecting.by the State militia, twelve hundred citizens of the United States in their homes, until mob violence had subsided—until respect for the civil law had been restored, and these citizens allowed to dwell in safety upon the lands they had purchased from the general government.

Under this provision he could have 'curbed those cruel devils of their will,'without 'doing even a little wrong, in order to do a great right'—without 'wresting the law to his authority.'But he chose to interpret the law otherwise—as follows "The words, 'or other emergency,'in our militia law, seem quite broad; but the emergency, to come within the object of that provision, shall be of a public natul*.

Your case is certainly a very emergent one, and the consequences as important to your society as if the war had been waged against the whole State, yet the public has no other interest in it, than that the laws be faithfully executed."

The sequel will show how faithfully the law was executed, and how the "public"stood by, indifferent spectators,while an unoffending people were robbed of their possessions, and the laws of the State set at defiance by insolent mobs.

The Governor closes his answer to the petition of the exiles by saying, that as then advised it would be necessary to have a military guard for the court and State witnesses, while sitting in Jackson

County;

and he sent an order to the captain of the Liberty Blues to comply with the requisition of the circuit attorney, in protecting the court, and executing its orders during the progress of the trials arising out of the Jackson County difficulties; and said the Saints could, if they felt so disposed, return under the protection of this guard to their homes, and be protected in them during the progress of these trials.

It required no great wisdom to foresee that for the Saints to return to their homes, and then be left there without protection—left to the mercy of inhuman wretches, in whose veins ran none of the milk of human kindness—would not be far removed from suicide, as the mob greatly outnumbered the Saints.

To return under these circumstances would only be laying the foundation for a more fatal tragedy than the one already enacted;

and the brethren wisely concluded not to attempt to regain possession of their homes, until some measure was adopted to protect them when there—until "God or the President ruled out the mob."At the February term of the circuit court, which convened at Independence, about twelve of the leading Elders were subpcenaed as witnesses on the part of the State, against certain citizens of Jackson County for their acts of mob violence against the Mormons.

On the twenty-third of the month these witnesses crossed the Missouri into Jackson

County, under the protection of the Liberty Blues, Captain Atchison commanding.

The company numbered about fifty, and were well armed with United States muskets, bayonets fixed presenting an outward look'fair and warlike.'

The company and witnesses commenced crossing the river about noon, but it was nearly night before the baggage wagon was taken across.

While waiting for the arrival of the wagon, it was decided to camp in the woods, and not go to Independence until the next morning.

Half the company and the witnesses went about half a mile to-

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

wards Independence and built fires for the night. While engaged in these duties the Quartermaster and others, who had gone ahead to prepare quarters in town for the company, sent an express back, which was continued by Captain Atchison to Colonel Allen, for the two hundred drafted militia under his command;

and also sent to Liberty for more ammunition. The night was passed around the camp fires, as the party was without tents, and the weather cold enough to snow a little.

Next morning the witnesses were marched to Independence under a strong guard,and quartered in the block-house—formerly the Flourney Hotel.

The Attorney-General of the State, Mr.

Wells, had been sent down by the Governor to assist the circuit attorney, Mr.

Reese, "to investigate, as far as possible, the Jackson Outrage."These gentlemen waited upon the witnesses in their quarters, and gave them to understand that all hopes of criminal proceedure against the mob was at an end.

Only a few minutes afterward, Captain Atchison informed the witnesses that he had received an order from Judge Ryland that the services of his company were no longer needed in Jackson County.

So the witnesses for the State were marched out of town to the tune of Yankee Doodle—quick time.

Thus ended the sickly attempt of the State authorities to execute the law—in which the "public,"according to the Governor, was interested, but no further interested in this outrage.

But, "so far as a faithful execution of the laws is concerned,"he presumed, "the whole community felt a deep interest for that which is the case of the Mormons to-day, may be the case of the Catholics to-morrow, and after them, any other sect that may become obnoxious to a majority of the people of any section of the State."* But after this effort by the State authorities to execute the law, doubtless all other sects or parties who were likely to come under the ban of popular sentiment, felt secure in their liberties—satisfied with the valor of the officers of the State who had * Mill. Star vol. xiv, pp. 702.

trembled before the bold front of a mob—a mob which had boasted, that if the Mormons were reinstated in their homes by the authority of the Governor, not three months should elapse before they would drive them again.

And even while the circuit court was convened at Independence, and a company of militia in attendance to execute its mandates, and the Attorney- General of the State present to assist the circuit attorney prosecute those who had violated the law—yet, in the presence of all this authority, the old citizens of Jackson gathered, and assumed such a boisterous and mobocratic appearance that their bold front over-awed the officers of the court; the attorneys of the State telling the State witnesses—who were also sufferers from the previous violence of the mob—that all hopes of criminal prosecutions against the mob were at an end while Judge Ryland issued an order for the militia to withdraw, just when they were needed to protect his court in vin-"'dicating the law.

Thus ended the only effort that was ever made by the officers of the State to bring to justice these violators of the law.

One class of citizens had conspired against the liberties of another class, and being the stronger had, without the authority of law, or shadow of justification, driven twelve hundred of them from their possessions, and there was not virtue enough in the Executive of the State and his associations to punish the offenders.

The determination of the mob to resist the law, was stronger than the determination of the State officers to execute it, and make it honorable.

And yet the constitution of the State made it the imperative duty of the

Executive to "take care that the laws are faithfully executed."And the laws of the State empowered the "commander-in-chief of the militia (the Governor) in case of insurrection, or war, or public danger, or other emergency, to call forth into actual service, such portion of the militia as he might deem expedient."With this power placed in his hands by the laws of the State, Governor Dunklin permitted

1 66 THE MISSOURI PERSECI WO. VS.

mobs to.over-awe the court of inquiry he himself had ordered, and allowed them to continue unchecked in their unhallowed deeds of devastation and violence.

And while the mobocrats triumphed over the law, the Governor's letters to the leading Elders of the Church, contained many pretty patriotic sentiments, but he lacked the courage to execute the law.

There he stood, "like the old cat in the adage:

letting 'I dare not,'wait upon 'I would!'"It must not be supposed that the prophet Joseph was an uninterested spectator of the stirring events that were being enacted.

The circumstances of the Church were such that his presence was necessary in Kirtland, but all the sympathy of his noble nature went out to his brethren in affliction and his letters were filled with words of encouragement and wise counsels; and so far as his embarrassing financial circumstances would permit, he rendered them material aid.

There were two things, however, that he could not understand "And,"said he, "they are these: Why God has suffered so great a calamity to come upon Zion; and what the great moving cause of this persecution is:

And again, by what means he will return her back to her inheritance, with everlasting joy upon her head."

He was not left long in doubt as to these matters.

The words we have quoted above were taken from a letter written by Joseph on the tenth of December, 1833; and six days later the Lord in a revelation to him, said:

"Verily I say unto you, concerning your brethren who have been afflicted, and persecuted and cast out from the land of their inheritance, I, the Lord, have suffered the affliction to come upon them, wherewith they have been afflicted, in consequence of their transgressions;

Behold, I say unto you, there were jarrings, and contentions, and envyings, and strifes, and lustful and covetous desires among them; therefore, by these things they polluted their inheritances.

They were slow to hearken unto the voice of the Lord their God therefore the Lord their God is slow to hearken to their prayers; to answer them in the day their trouble."* This explained to the uttermost why the Saints were driven away from Zion.

Of the evils which were in their midst they had been warned time and again by the prophet, and the council of the Church, and the warning word of the Lord had been sent to them as related in number two of these articles.

But all these warnings had only aroused them to a partial repentance; and the Lord, true to His word at the time of giving the warning, was pleading with the strong ones in Zion, and chastening her mighty ones, that they might overcome.f

Seeing then that the Saints were punished for neglecting to observe the counsels of God, the question may arise, is the mob to be held responsible for their acts of violence against them?

Most assuredly, for it is a case where "offenses must needs come, but woe unto them by whom they come."In relation to the other matter about which Joseph was perplexed, viz By what means the Lord would redeem Zion, this same revelation, and one given subsequently—on the twenty-fourth of February, 1834J—explained. From these two revelations we learn that Zion is to be redeemed by power.

"I will raise up unto my people,"said the Lord, "a man who shall lead them like as Moses led the children of Israel;

for ye are the children of Israel, and of the seed of Abraham, and ye must needs be led out of bondage, by power, and with a stretched out arm; and as your fathers were led at the first, even so shall the redemption of Zion be; therefore let not your hearts faint, for I say not unto you, as I said unto your fathers, mine angel shall go before you,but not my presence;

but I say unto you mine angels shall go before you, and also my presence;

and in time ye shall possess the goodly land. "| But this great blessing, they were given to understand, was not to be granted "until after much tribulation."*Doc. & Cov. Sec. 191, 1—7.

fDoc. & Cov. Sec. 90, 34—37.

jDoc. & Cov. Sec 103.

§Doc. & Cov. Sec. 103.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

Joseph Smith was commanded to gather up the strength of the Lord's house, the young men, and the middle aged; and they were to gather to Zion to possess the land, that the Lord had appointed unto the Saints, much of which they had purchased and consecrated unto Him.

The work of the gathering was to go on.

The churches of the East were to send up money in the hands of wise men to purchase inheritances; and inasmuch as their enemies came upon them to drive them from the goodly land, they were to defend themselves, and avenge themselves of their enemies.

They were to make every effort to obtain five hundred men; but if they failed to get five hundred then they were to get three hundred; and if they failed to get three hundred, they were to get one hundred; but they were not to go if unable to obtain one hundred.

The Lord told the Saints, even previous to this, that "There is even now already in store a sufficient; yea even abundance to redeem Zion, and establish her waste places no more to be thrown down, were the churches who call themselves after my name, willing to hearken to my voice."

Pending the gathering of the strength of the Lord's house to go up to redeem

Zion, the Saints who had been driven from their homes were instructed to "Importune at the feet of the judge; and if he heeded them not, then to importune at the feet of the Governor; and if the Governor heeded them not, then importune at the feet of the President; and if the President heeded them not, then will the Lord arise and come forth from his hiding place, and in His fury vex the nation, and in His hot displeasure, and in His fierce anger, in His time will cut off these wicked, unfaithful, and unjust stewards.

The brethren now began the work of petitioning in earnest.

The authorities and brethren in Kirtland petitioned the

Governor of Missouri in behalf of their afflicted brethren of that State, inclosing in their petition the revelation the Lord had given respecting the redemption of

Zion* They also sent a petition, and *Doc. & Coy. Sec. 101.

the same revelation to the President in their behalf.

"And now,"wrote Joseph to the brethren of Missouri, "we will act the part of the poor widow* to perfection, if possible, and let our rulers read their destiny if they do not lend a helping hand."

The Saints in Missouri were by no means idle.

They continued to keep the subject of their wrongs constantly before the authorities of the State.

They also prepared a petition to the President of the nation, setting forth their wrongs at great length, enclosing in it the reply of the Governor to their petition to him.

And since the Governor claimed that the laws of his State did not authorize him to keep a military force in Jackson County, to protect the Saints in their homes after their restoration, they asked the President to restore them to their possessions, and protect them when so restored, by an armed force, until peace was insured.

Pointing out the fact to the President, that the Constitution authorized Congress to provide for the calling forth of the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrection, and repel invasions.!

They could also have referred to the section of the Constitution which provides that the United States shall protect each State against invasion "and on application of the Legislature, or of the

Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic violence. "J At the same time the exiles informed the Governor that they had petitioned the President for a force to protect them in their homes, and asked him to assist them by sending to the President a few lines in support of their claims.

Elder Phelps also wrote Senator Thomas H. Benton, informing him of their having sent a petition to the President, and asked him for his co-operation in securing their rights.

The Governor answered that as it was possible that the Saints had asked the President to do something that he was not empowered to do, he could not consistently join with them in urging him * Luke 18, 1—6.

f Const. Art.

I, Sec. 8.

% Cont. Art. IV, Sec. 4.

1 68 NATURAL DISSEMINATION OF (JOLD.

to do it.

"If you will send me a copy of your petition to the President, I will judge of his right to grant it; and if of opinion he possesses the power, I will write in favor of its exercise."But whether the Saints complied with this request or not, I cannot learn.

On the second of May, 1834, they received a communication from Washington, which stated that the offences of which they complained were violations of the laws of the State of Missouri, and not the laws of the United States.

And the clause in the Constituton to which they had alluded, extended only to proceedings under the laws of the United States, "Where an insurrection in any State exists, against the government thereof,"said the communication from

Washington, "the President is required, on the application of such State, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature cannot be convened), to call forth such a number of the militia, as he may judge sufficient to suppress such insurrection.

"But this state of things does not exist in Missouri, or if it does, the fact is not shown in the mode pointed out by law.

The President cannot call out a military force to aid in the execution of the State laws, until the proper requisition is made upon him by the constituted authorities."And as the "constituted authorities"would not make that requisition, all hopes for assistance from the general government were at an end.

When the State Legislature convened, the Governor called the attention of the body legislative to the outrages committed by the citizens of Jackson County against the Mormons; saying, "As yet, none have been punished for these outrages, and I believe that, under our present laws, conviction for any violence committed against a Mormon, cannot be had in Jackson County.

It is for you to determine what amendment the law may requi/e, so as to guard against such acts of violence for the future."This notice of the question in the Governor's message, revived the sinking hopes of the exiles, but it was only again to have them disappointed.

The portion of the Governor's message which referred to the Jackson outrage, was given to a special committee, and at the suggestion of Messrs. Thompson and Atchison, of the Missouri Legislature, the Saints petitioned that body for an enactment to reinstate them in their homes and protect them, but it availed nothing.

The Legislature took no action in the matter.

The violators of the law went unwhipped of justice.

Suffering innocence found no proctor in the State or nation.

B. H. Roberts.

Put not a naked sword in a madman's hand.

NATURAL DISSEMINATION OF GOLD.

It is now nearly a quarter of a century since the people of Philadelphia were startled by the report that the bricks of their houses, as well as the clay beneath their streets, contained an appreciable proportion of gold.

The revelation emanated from the assay office of the mint; and the same authority that announced to every landowner his proprietorship in the treasure trove, denied to him the means of extracting the wealth which nature, with such evenhanded justice, had distributed through her wide domain.

In June, 1861, the then assistant assayer, Mr. William E. Du Bois, read before the American Philosophical Society a paper "On the Natural Dissemination of Gold,"briefly setting forth the results of a series of investigations conducted by Mr. Jacob R. Eckfeldt, the assayer of the mint.

These formed the basis of some curious propositions and calculations, which the author so interestingly presented as to lead to the republication of the pamphlet in England, as well as to countless abstracts by the daily press of our own country.

Since then, there

NATURAL DISSEMINATION OF GOLD.

have been tidal waves of inquiry, and piecemeal expositions of the subject, the newspapers far and wide catching it up, copying and recopying from one another, diminishing truth and multiplying error, until it would seem that the time has now arrived for a fresh star in an authorized republication.

While not strictly apropos of numismatics, there are reasons why this account of a treasure trove may not be altogether out of place, and certainly not void of interest.

I therefore reprint the main portion of the original report, as follows:

"To assert that gold is at once a very rare and a very abundant metal would seem to be an abuse of language; and yet, in a certain sense, it would be true in both branches of the proposition.

Iron, in its many mineralized forms, has been profusely scattered by the Creative

Hand all over the world; and gold is found in so many natural situations and alliances where it would not be looked for, as to hold out the expectation that a diligent search would find it almost as widely, though by no means so plentifully, diffused.

Such is not the fact in regard to many other metals, but it is remarkably true of the two which stand in the market at the head and foot of the list.

"These remarks are preliminary to the detail of several interesting examinations lately made by Mr. Eckfeldt, the principal assayer of the mint, from time to time, as opportunities of leisure would allow. The first experiments were made upon galena, or native sulphide of lead.

It was well known that this was occasionally found to contain gold, in larger or smaller proportions, according to the various localities. But inasmuch as there is reason to believe that every variety of galena is argentiferous, it seemed an interesting inquiry whether gold, as well as silver, is sure to be found in the same association.

Our examinations have gone far enough to warrant the belief that such is the case.

"We find in the galena of Ulster County, New York (Ellenville locality), gold to the amount of seventeen and one-half grams, or seventy-five cents, to the ton.

The most curious result was obtained from the galena of New Britain, in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, where gold was found in the proportion of two and a quarter grains, not quite ten cents, to the ton.

This represents one part in six million two hundred and twenty thousand, and may serve as a remarkable example of refinement in the art of assaying.

The operation was performed on five ounces of the ore.

The speck of gold which resulted is visible to a good eye, and is exhibited in the cabinet of the mint.

"Turning next to the examination of lead in its metallic and commercial shape, we find the Spanish bar lead, which is sufficiently free from precious, metals to be used as an agent in our mint assays, contains twelve grains of gold to the ton, or one part in about one million one hundred and seventy thousand.

The next inquiry was, whether other metals, especially those which are commonly considered to be naturally unaccompanied with gold, were absolutely so.

"Copper was tried in various forms.

A cent of 1882, the material for which was imported from England, showed gold equal to one part in fourteen thousand, which is one cent's worth in twenty cents.

An English halfpenny showed a like trace of gold.

A cent of 1S43, of American material, was found to contain one cent's worth of gold in fourteen cents.

The result brings to mind the old story of the golden cent of 1814.

In that year, as was idly reported, the melters at the mint carelessly emptied some gold into a pot of copper from which the cents were coined.

It gave some trouble at the counter of the mint for many years, in consequence of numerous inquiries and offers to sell.

It turns out to be pretty certain that every cent we have coined contains gold, effectually locked in.

Lake Superior copper is perhaps as free from gold as any, yet it is not absolutely so. A trial of thirty grammes showed a quantity not sufficient to affect sensibly a delicate assay balance.

"Adverting to other metals, it is well

NATURAL DISSEMINATION OF GOJJ).

known that silver is never found in nature quite free from gold.

A specimen of metallic antimony was found to contain gold, one part in four hundred and forty thousand.

In Bismuth the gold amounted to one part in four hundred thousand.

A specimen of zinc proved to be absolutely free from gold, a result which may relieve some minds from the suspicion that the very atmosphere of the mint imparts gold to everything within its walls, or that there was a want of the utmost care in the use of vessels and reagents in these operations.

"Perhaps the most curious result of all is that which remains to be stated.

Underneath the paved city of Philadelphia there lies a deposit of clay, whose area, by a probable estimate, would measure over three miles square, enabling us to figrre out the convenient sum of ten square miles.

The average depth is believed to be not less than fifteen feet.

The inquiry was started whether gold was diffused in this earthly bed.

From a central locality, which might afford a fair assay for the whole (the cellar of the new market house in Market street, near eleventh street) we dugout some of the clay, at a depth of fourteen feet, where it could not have been an artificial deposit.

The weight of one hundred and thirty grammes was dried and duly treated, and yielded one-eighth of a milligramme of gold, a very decided quantity on a fine assay balance.

It was afterward ascertained that the clay in its natural moisture loses about fifteen per cent, by drying.

So that, as it lies in the ground, the clay contains one part gold in one million two hundred and twentyfour thousand.

This experiment was repeated upon clay taken from a brickyard in the suburbs of the city, with nearly the same results.

"In order to calculate with some accuracy the value of this body of wealth, we cut out blocks of the clay, and found that on an average a cubic foot, as it lies in the ground, weighs one hundred and twenty pounds, as near as may be, making the specific gravity 1.92.

The assay gives seven-tenths of a grain, say three cents* worth of gold to the cubic foot.

Assuming the data already given, we get four thousand one hundred and eighty millions of cubic feet of clay under our streets and houses, in which securely lies one hundred and twenty-six millions of dollars.

And if, as is pretty certain, the corporate limits of the city would afford eight times this bulk of clay, we have more gold than has yet been brought, according to the statistics, from

California and Australia.

It is also apparent that every time a cart load of clay is hauled out of a cellar, enough gold goes with it t j pay for the carting.

And if the brick i which front our houses could have brought to their surface, in the form of gold leaf, the amount of gold which they contain, we should have the glittering show of two square inches on every brick.

"We have inquired but little into the researches of other experimenters in this line.

Some years ago it was stated that Mr. Lennig's workmen had washed out gold from the sands of the River Delaware, and a French writer affirms that there is a trace of gold in the sands of the Rhine.

When we consider the uses to which this noble metal is providentially adapted and wisely applied, we cannot but wonder at the apparent waste or misplacement by which so much is irrecoverably lost, and to all appearance had as well not been made.

Perhaps such inscrutable mysteries in the realm of nature may help us to submit to other difficulties in other parts of the divine order and government.

Of this we may be confident—that the atoms of gold are homogeneously and equally disposed through the clay or other matrix; but by what natural process, and for what final cause, these fine particles should be thus diffused, seems quite beyond the reach of human philosophy.

The paper thus offered, however deficient and practically unimportant, may afford a diversion of mind, for the moment, from the one idea of the times upon which we have fallen."In one sense the facts and figures may be regarded, at least by the unscientific, as "practically unimportant."But after

MODERN SOCIETY.

all, there is another practicality, of the moral sort, suggested by the author's concluding reflections.

If these "inscrutable mysteries in the realm of nature"do help us to "submit to their difficulties,"their end is quite practical;

and the marvelous attention that deprives the gold of all its value to the political economist accords it a new and higher value in the better economy of the moral and spiritual life of man.

It remains only to add, that all the subsequent experience of these two assayers, as well as those who succeed them, confirms these remarkable conclusions upon the natural dissemination of gold.

Scientific American.

The most corrective punishment is kindness.

MODERN SOCIETY.

My grandmother, who lived in the "golden long ago,"still clings with holy reverence to the customs of her fathers, and avers that society of the present day is not what it need to be—that it has sadly degenerated from the high moral and intellectual standard to which it attained in her time; that the old, grand manners, courtly grace, and brilliant repartee have, in a great measure, passed away.

Society, now, is all a sham, a glamour, and vanity of vanities—nothing but husks.

Being familiar with the society people of the present time, their comings and goings, their private and public life, I partake largely of my grandmother's view and heartily endorse the verity of her sayings.

In her time they were too regardful of social convention to lend countenance to a person without weighing well the pros and cons, and to gain entree into the best society your moral and intellectual worth and social position were questioned.

Now, all that is necessary to admit one into the so-called "best society"is to dress in the prevailing mode, dance well, be fully conversant with the latest gossip, and speak glibly all the fashionable slang.

Popularity in such society can not commend itself;

it savors too strong of the mob.

It is a sad fact that society degenerates as the age advances.

In the olden time girls were educated with a view to higher and nobler purposes, and to fill useful positions, and the boys for men of integrity and industry. Now, the former are educated to make a show, the latter to aid the exhibition.

Having all the advantages of learning which our colleges and public schools can bestow, these are cast lightly aside or perverted to ignoble purposes. A girl now enters society, it seems, with but one aim or ambition, and that is to try to manage to extract the greatest amount of enjoyment from her life.

It soon becomes a continued round of excitement; no sooner is one festivity over than she begins to plan for another.

She finds it dolcefar niente.

Her hours of leisure are either slept or idled away, or spent in planning some fitting dress in which to appear at the evening party.

Occasionally she acquaints herself with the plot of the latest romance or the notes of a fashionable piece of music.

Dwelling much on the contemplation of such little things, they soon lose the intellectual appetite.

As for quiet domestic felicity, society girls never dream of it.

They soon become wholly dependent upon excitement for happiness, and unless they have something of this kind continually in view they sink into apathy,and at home are utterly wretched.

The parents of such girls usually practice strict economy in domestic affairs, the mother doing all the necessary work, and denying herself many comforts that her daughters may have a succession of silk and satin dresses to enhance their beauty, and fly about from one place of pleasure to another, hoping that they may make a wealthy alliance.

In nineteen cases out of twenty they fail to do

THE VANDALS, GOTHS AND HUNS.

so.

Seldom can we find a society girl of our day who can reason, reflect, feel, judge, discern, discriminate, or furnished with a stock of ideas, principles and qualifications ready to be applied, as occasion may demand, to each of their respective situations as daughters, wives, mothers. Dwarfed by society and fashion, they lead a life of idleness, that dims the mental perceptions and enervates a frame naturally vigorous.

Society now is heartless and shallow, with its silly amusements and soulless rivalries.

Parties are stale and unprofitable, with the same bowing, grinning nonsense, the same bosh talked, the same tiresome routine from beginning to end.

Commend us to the society of women who have higher and nobler aims, whose horizon is not bounded by the coming man, and who has an object in life whether she meets him or not, to those who make life worth living.

The society men of our day must not pass unnoticed.

Few men live through the first period of manhood without strong temptations to be considered society men.

It becomes their ambition.

The idea looms grandly among those vanities which hedge a man's approach to maturity.

He soon becomes an adept in society tactics, which match him with others of the same stamp.

He conquers all such annoyances as truth or sincerity, which may sometimes sting his conscience.

He studies moral sparring, makes it his art to be admired, but sel- 'dom to be trusted.

To keep up with the fashion of the times, to be ignorant of plain things and plain, honest people, "who do not go with their set,"and whom he stigmatizes as the dangerous "second class,"to be knowing in all gossip, familiar with all the figures in the german, dance well, and wear ball-room honors with indifference, to hold a fair place in the silly nothings usually discussed, to affect an earnestness of look and action which seems full of pleading and yet ask nothing; to make a show for the admiration of those who have more fancy than brains, and more vanity than common sense,—this is the distinction to which he aspires.

The majority of these society men are those whose means are limited, or clerks who receive a salary of fifty or seventyfive dollars a month and live at the rate of two hundred or three hundred dollars, that they may be considered popular and keep their position in this so-called "best society."They dress in the latest fashion, can be seen in all the sheen of finest cloth, spend their leisure hours in the ball-rooms, at theatres, operas, at the billiard table and game of chance, indulge in cigars and alcoholic poisons, and then appear in the society of ladies covered with what smacks of roue.

It is a subject of chronic marvel how they manage to keep soul and body together. But society teaches them to let the wolf gnaw their vitals without say or sign.

It is a poor distinction they enjoy, and not enduring.

They run the round of all possible excitement, and leave themselves little but the dregs of the cup, and they are tasteless if not bitter. Commend us to those who cultivate their heads and hearts rather than their toilet graces—those with rural honesty and old-fashioned manners, with that which shows the stuff that heroes and practical men are made of.

O temporal O mores!

Oh, for the repudiation of this system of things, and for the restoration of the tastes and habits of my grandmother's day.—Judith,

Trust not before you try.

THE VANDALS, GOTHS AND HUNS.

The Vanduli or Vandals originated so far back in legendary ages that the mists of antiquity still conceal their origin, though they are thought to be of Germanic extraction with a probable relationship to the Goths.

An early writer says they first lived near the Sea of Azov* whence they moved to the Baltic bor-

THE VANDALS, GOTHS AND HUNS.

ders.

Later accounts find them in the Roman province of Dacia.

The Goths in one of their fierce incursions nearly swept them from the earth. The women and their young children who were left remained quiet for a half century. Then in connection with other wild German tribes, they punished Gaul, for three years, trying their strength in learning war again.

Spain was next forced to feel their fierceness, and they settled in the province known in later days as Andalusia.

Thus the years passed on until 429 A.

D.

when Bonifacius, the governor of Africa, rebelled against the Roman emperor, and in his madness engaged these

Vandals to come and assist him.

They answered his call in vast numbers, and their immense hordes devastated the whole African coast.

Perceiving his great mistake he hastily raised an insufficient force and hurled himself upon the javelins of the invaders only to meet defeat.

Collecting a much larger army, he made a second effort to rid Africa of this invited foe, in vain;

his dominions were now the possession of a people who had come to tarry and in 435 Carthage fell into the hands of the Vandal king, Genseric.

Peace was established with them only by acknowledging their right and authority over Northern Africa, and several important islands of the Mediterranean.

In this dreaded people made a descent upon Italy, and for fourteen days plundered Rome.

Unlike the Huns, Alaric, their leader, tried not to restrain their destroying fury, and works of art and glorious architecture were swept away in such a wanton manner, that it has given rise to a term for expressing the extreme of barbaric destructiveness in the word "Vandalism."For many years they carried on piracies and warfare, sweeping the Mediterranean Sea until their name was a terror and a threat to the surrounding nations;

but Genseric died in 477, and their Nemises was spinning upon his wheel 'the last threads of their fate.

The enervating African climate softened their natures and made them less formidable.

Though they had destroyed two armies and two fleets, and a half dozen kings had borne the kingly title since Genseric.

There came to the shores, at length in 534 A. D.

a Byzantine general, Belisarius, who brought their last ruler to surrender, and he was borne in triumph to Constantinople, but did not long survive.

The larger part of the Vandals were forced or persuaded into the Roman army and met death in the Persian war.

Africa absorbed the remainder in her nomadic population and the Vandals, as a nation, were swept from the archives of our history.

The Goths, who were first cousins ot the Vandals, if not brothers, have been traced from the Gothones known to Pythias, 300 B. C, and later mentioned by Tacitus.

In earliest historic days they fished and fought for life upon the Baltic coasts.

Next we hear of them as dwelling upon the lands about the Black

Sea as early as the third century.

What impelled them to migrate from their frozen North to those regions is unknown.

Perhaps they had only returned to an earlier home.

Certain it is, they were sufficiently strong and daring to make formidable attacks upon

Roman provinces, in the early part of the Christian era.

They were soon so dreaded that lands about them secured immunity from their attacks by payment of large sums of money.

In the year 241 A. D. they entered the Roman province of Moesia with an army that was said to contain seventy thousand men, but as the women often followed the army, perhaps all are included in this number.

The Romans under Decius advanced upon them, but were defeated, leaving the Emporer and his son dead upon the field of battle.

It is said that one hundred thousand persons were slain.

As we have only Roman histories of these contests with these early

Germanic races, we can not know precisely what provocation may have been given at the time to incite to this invasion.

The next emperor, Gallus, bought immunity from their visits by a large sum

THE VANDALS, GOTHS AND HUNS.

of money and the promise of annual tribute.

Long years previous to this time, the Romans had built a wall with ditches and a long line of fortresses, to defend the frontier of the lands from which they had oppressed the German nations in the North through many years of warfare.

This wall was built of stone and wood, and extended from the Danube to the Main a distance of nearly two hundred miles and then northward for a long distance.

The land thus taken from the early German nations was called the Roman tithe land, as it was usually let to the Gauls and others upon payment of a tax or tithe.

Undoubtedly this disputed territory and a purpose of restoration were the cause of devastation that, afterward, the Romans suffered from the Northern nations.

In the year 7 A. D. the Roman general Varus was sent by the Emperor Augustus to command the army against the

German people, with instructions to bring that country under the regulations of a Roman province.

The Roman army went straggling along with a train of women, children and munitions.

In the depths of a great German forest.with its immense oaks of which Pliny said "Created with the earth itself,untouched by centuries, the monstrous trunks surpass, by their powerful vitality, all other wonders of nature,"they were attacked by Arminius, the chief leader of the German tribe Cherusci, and in the midst of a raging tempest cut to pieces. Varus killed himself.

When the news reached the old Emperor Augustus/Jie was quite distracted with grief, and striking his head against the wall, called again and again "Varus, Varus, give me back my legions!"This signal victory swept out the incoming wave of Roman conquest and made the Rhine once more the boundary of the empire.

It seems very likely that the Vandals and Goths, who belonged to the Germanic races, were in subsequent years only punishing the Romans for their indignities and their continued menace against Germanic liberty; yet nations as well as individuals should have credit for their good deeds.

The Romans built roads, bridges, fortresses, temples and cities such as that wild country had never known. Roman merchants brought goods to Germany and took home ambers, furs and slaves; and such became the fancy of the Romans for Germanic notions, they bought the long light hair of the "Teutones"and made wigs of it. But to return to the Goths; during the year in which the Romans were praying for peace, they built a fleet of boats upon the Black sea, and for some years ravaged the coast of Greece, devastated Troy, destroyed the temple of Diana at

Ephesus, and threatened Italy.

Gallienus now held the imperial office and roused his people against these barbarians, driving them away.

But they only wanted to equip themselves more strongly and in 269 A. D., they started out in formidable numbers with a vast armament and made a halt at Thessalonica.

The Emperor Claudius was a most able general, and in three mighty battles he defeated their vast host of three hundred thousand people and sunk or captured their fleet; the survivors fled, and amid the mountain passes of the land they had come to destroy, perished of starvation.

Aurelian, who wore the Imperial purple after Claudius, in 272, ceded the great province of Dacia to the remainder of this people, and for fifty years they were tolerably quiet.

Now they began to be known as two separate races, namely, the Ostrogoths, living upon the shores of the Black Sea, and Visigoths who dwelt upon the banks of the Danube and in Dacia.

When the Huns came down "like the wolf on the fold,"threatening even the fierce Goths with extinction.

Two hundred thousand of them were allowed by Valens to settle in Moesia and were afterward known as the Moesia-Goths.

That the Romans were deeply wrong in their treatment of these rude nations may plainly be seen.

When the MoesiaGoths outgrew their territory and their lands could not furnish them sufficient food, so they were starving, the Roman rulers bartered with them giving "ten

THE VANDALS, GOTHS AND HUNS.

pounds of dog's flesh"for a child, to be used as a slave.

And once a Gothic prince was invited to visit the Romans, and while eating they fell upon him and his followers and would have murdered them had they not bravely defended themselves. This afterward led to a war when the Emperor Valens, being defeated and wounded, concealed himself in a hut, and the Goths not knowing this, set fire to a group of such buildings and the Emperor was burned to death, 378 a.d.

German histories call the Goths "the noblest and most civilized of German tribes."They early adopted Christianity, and their bishop, Ulphilas, translated the Bible into their language, and their feelings and manners were much softened by his ministration; they engaged in agriculture and advanced in civilization.

One name that becomes especially famous among the Visigoths is that of Alaric, a king whose name appears in the historic annals of the fourth century.

Angry at having been denied the command of the army of the Eastern Empire, he invaded Greece.

Athens saved herself by ransom; the Emperor Arcadius frightened by their ravages, hoping to win their friendship, appointed Alaric governor of Illyria.

Invading Holy Land in 402 he was bought to leave the country by a promise of four thousand pounds of gold.

Not receiving the sum agreed, he invaded Rome, and only departed upon increased promises of increased sums of gold and silver.

Whether he was not paid all of this ransom, although the people melted all their ornaments and silver from the temples to do so, or whether he broke faith, is not told us, but he seized upon Rome, in 410, and his soldiers were allowed to pillage the city for six days.

Their only restrictions being, that churches and religious institutions should not be dishonored.

From Rome he went to Sicily, but a storm destroyed his fleet and a few months later Alaric died.

His people buried him, fully armed, with his war-horse, beneath the bed of a river, and put to death the captives who had assisted them, in order that his burial-place should not be dishonored by their foes.

All Italy rejoiced at his death.and Rome celebrated the event with great festivities yet Alaric was less fierce than his followers and wished to preserve the monuments and magnificent buildings of the "Holy

City."Among his successors, Wallia made the most conquests, and unfurled his royal banners over the greater part of

Southern Gaul (now France) and Spain.

King Euric, the fourth chieftain after Wallia, enlarged their dominions and made a regular code of laws for his people, encouraging all the arts of civilized life, as known at that time, but the

Visigoths had lived their day almost to its close.

Their rule was soon confined to Spain.

Their nation was preserved until 711, then came the Saracen, and the last Visigothic king, Rodridgo, fell fighting for his kingdom on the battlefield of Xeres de la Frontera.

The Ostrogoths, meantime had desired the Emperor Valens, to permit them to settle in Roman territory, but their request had been denied, hence they became enemies of Rome and kept up almost continued warfare.

Theodoric, their most noted sovereign, after years of battles reigned as Emperor of Italy, until his death in 525.

His Ostrogothic kingdom besides Italy, included the lands between the Rhone and the Danube.

After the death of Theodoric, the Emperor Justinian tried to regain Italy for the Eastern Empire, which had as its imperial city, Constantinople. The struggle continued some years; at length the King, Teias, was slain and his head borne in triumph upon a spear.

The Ostrogoths, now scattered as a nation, were absorbed in the crowd of tribes that had come to find homes in the northern Roman Territory.

Somewhere about the year 375, while the Emperor Valens, reigned at Constantinople, over the Eastern Empire, and his nephew ruled the Western empire, a new, savage tribe, of Asiatic origin allied to the Tartars, broke into Europe, sweeping forward like a w Id human tempest.

An ancient writer c'e-

THE VANDALS, GOTHS- AND HUNS.

scribed them as so broad, thick and misshapen, that they appeared rather as two-legged monsters, or great logs hewn •out toughly to support bridges.

And further said that as deep cuts were made; in their cheeks and the wounds cica trized, to prevent the growth of beards they were disfigured and beardless They ate roots of wild plants, and half raw iiesh and lived wholly out of doors "clothed in skins of animals sown to gether.

Their rough boots would not permit their walking freely, hence they moved always upon horse-back.

Their women lived in wagons and wove coarse.linen cloth for their garments; they wandered continually, and had an insatiate passion for booty.

They are described as daik in complexion, with small, black,;deep set eyes.

The Goths said "They were the progeny of witches and internal spirits, swift as lightning."

They swept into battle with a horrible howl then rushed forward, then back, now.hither, now thither, with such incon- -ceivable rapidity that they bewildered -their foe and threw them into the utmost confusion.

They were armed with the javelin and the sabre.

Their original home had been the wild, barren lands lying north of China. They were of an ancient family of nations,.having been known as early as 200 B. C, when they made a successful invasion • of China.

This swarm of wild creatures, who might have been the originals that gave rise to the fables of the Centaurs, now rushed into the land of the Goths,.and drove all before them.

That brave old Gothic warrior, Hermanrich, now an;hundred years old, seeing that he could not resist this horde, killed himself in wild despair.

The Goths, driven from their houses, applied to the Emperor •Valens, and he gave them Moesia, for which they promised to protect and defend his frontiers.

For fifty years the Huns remained quiet, pursuing pasturage and hunting, though making frequent plundering incursions into other.territories, in a way quite similar to the.Scottish Highlanders.

Through intercourse with neighboring peoples their manners were much improved.

The most noted sovereign of the Huns was Attila, surnamed "Godegiesel, the scourge of God."The ferocious of all tribes, Vandals, Ostrogoths, and Franks, fought under his leadership.

By his mental power and force of arms he extended his sovereignty from China to the land of the Gauls, and even invaded their domain in 451.

At Chalons they met the combined forces of the Romans and the Visigoths.

Theodoric, the Gothic King, fell, and the army, fired by revenge, swept from a height upon the enemy in the plain, and with frightful slaughter, routed their dreaded foe.

Attila gathered all the combustible material in his camp into one immense funeral pile, choosing rather to die by flame than to fall into the hands of the

Romans.

But they, wishing to preserve the "balance of power"among the nations, allowed the Huns to go free.

The following year Attila laid waste all northern Italy. The inhabitants fled to the fastnesses of the Apennines and Alps, and the Adriatic lagoons, where they laid the foundations of Venice, the "City of the sea,".

Rome would have fallen into their power, had not Pope Leo I. visited Attila and interceded for the Romans.

Attila was not the complete demon that he was represented by his enemies; he was kind to those whom he took under his protection, and in times of peace,sat in his judgment hall and meditated or judged calmly and dispassionately between all who sought him.

With splendor all around him he was plain and simple in life;

to others he furnished gold and silver dishes, while he ate only from wood.

While others laughed, jested and made merry, he was grave, and reflecting.

In 453 amid preparations for invading

Italy he suddenly died. He was mourned widely by his people, who cut themselves with knives to show their despair.

It is told that they placed him in a three-fold coffin, his body being put in a golden casket that was encased in one of silver, that again in one of iron, and in the midst of a wide plain, beneath a canopy of silk, he lay in state.

Around him circled his horsemen, singing his valor-

MORMONISM AND EDUCATION.

ous exploits.

Then with his richest ornaments and arms, he whose name and fame are commemorated in German legends as Etzel, a ruler and not a foe, was buried so carefully that no sign of his burial-place was seen, and they who laid him away were slain, that none should betray his last resting-place. But few years elapsed before the kingly power and their existence as a separate people passed away, and the head of Attila's son adorned a pike at Constantinople.

Selected.

Better the chance of shipwreck on a voyage of high purpose than expend life in paddling hither and thither on a shallow stream to no purpose at all.

MORMONISM AND EDUCATION.* We are often confronted in the public press, and by unthinking and ignorant opponents, with the statements that Mormonism is the arch enemy of all progress, and finds its converts where ignorance is the most profound and that its priesthood and doctrines are opposed to the intellectual advancement of our people.

But you know, brethren, how utterly false such statements are, and that ignorance is the very antipodes to the genius of our holy religion.

"With all thy getting, get knowledge,"has ever been the burden of the teachings of the

Priesthood to usf and from the very incipiency of its restoration it has sought to impress upon us that the extent even of our salvation depends upon our acquiring knowledge and making a proper use of it; and as if such teachings were not a sufficient spur to urge us into action in this respect, we are distinctly •told by the Lord, through the Prophet Joseph, that it is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance (Doc. and Cov., sec. 131), and all this is emphasized by the additional stimulus and encouragement that whatever principles of intelligence we attain unto in this life, will rise with us in the resurrection, and if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life, through his diligence and obedience, than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come (Doc. and Cov., sec. 130).

Let me here ask what higher incentive * An Essay delivered before the Mutual Improvement Association of the Glasgow Branch,

Scotland, Nov.

15, 1885.

than this could be given to any people to induce them to become proficient in all that ennobles and elevates man, and what could prove a greater stimulus to improve and develop the time, the talents, and the opportunities at our disposal?

In June, 1831, only a little more than a year after the organization of the Church, W. W. Phelps was commanded by the Lord to assist Oliver Cowdery in "selecting, and writing books for schools in this Church, that little children also may receive instruction before me as is pleasing unto me"(Doc. and Cov., sec.

55).

In December, 1832, the word of the

Lord through Joseph Smith to the Church was, "seek ye diligently and teach one another words of wisdom, seek learning even by study and by faith out of the best books"(Doc. and

Cov., sec. 88).

In the same revelation a commandment is given to organize a school of the Prophets, in which was delivered those inspired Lectures on Faith, which form the opening chapters of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants.

The Hebrew language was taught there by Professor Sexias, and the zeal and faith of the Elders resulted in quite a number of them becoming able proficients in this language.

It was here that Apostle Orson Pratt qualified himself to show the errors of the marginal rendering of Leviticus xviii, 18, upon which Dr. J. P.

Newman based his arguments in their discussion of the question, "Does the Bible sanction Polygamy?"Dr. Newman doubtless presumed on the ignorance of his opponent, but what must

i 7 8 MOh'MON/S.V AN/) EDUCATION.

have been his surprise when in his rejoinders Orson Pratt proceeded to discuss the translation from the Hebrew, and proved beyond all controversy that the marginal rendering was incorrect, thus shattering both the premises and conclusions of Dr. Newman.

In addition to this, Mormonism, as it is called, takes a position on the educational question almost totally ignored by the rest of mankind—namely, that a Latter-day Saint's education does not mean exclusively, nor particularly that mental discipline which schools and colleges impart.

The development of the intellect is but a single phase of the vast subject, and by no means the most important one, for useful and valuable though it be as a branch of that education through which man is destined to progress, it is but of secondary importance compared with other departments of that vast system of development, by means of the entire harmonious and persistent operation of which alone it is possible for man to attain unto that position which he is so eminently fitted to till.

For the human mind to become perfectly educated, we hold as a people, that it is suicidal to impart intellectual cultivation to the utter neglect of that which is noblest in man—his moral and spiritual faculties.

This course finds in the pages of biographical history many a sad commentary in the wrecked lives of many learned and scholarly men, who were eminently fitted by genius and ability to become benefactors to the human race, but they lacked the stability of those faculties which are to man the engineer that keeps him from flying the track.

In fact, an educated man devoid of moral principle, is just so much nearer to being a devil in his power to further the fell designs of Satan.

That all human beings do not take this view of the matter we are well aware, but that our view is the correct one, our religion and experience amply prove and notwithstanding all that our enemies say to the contrary, our history shows that we are doing our best to bring about this condition of things among ourselves.

Our illiteracy has been a fruitful theme to the"Gentile Mormon eaters in America,"but let us make some comparisons, and we will see what value to place upon their statements.

They are usually very blatant in claiming their superiority over us in respect to education, but their supposed superiority has no foundation in fact, as the following excerpt from the Report of the

Territorial School Superintendent of Utah for the year 1881 clearly shows

United States.

Utah.

Total population.

.

50,155,783 143.963 Total over ten years of age who cannot read 4,923,451 48:1 Percentage who cannot read, ten years and upward.

.

.

9.82 3.37 Total over ten years who cannot write.

6,239,958 8,826 Percentage who cannot write, ten years and upward.

.

.

I2 -44 6.14.

It appears by this that our illiteracy is very much less than that of the United

States, and it is very much less than that of many of the oldest and wealthiest States of the Union.

In 1S77, when the school population of Utah numbered thirty thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, there was invested in school property in the Territory the creditable sum of five hundred and sixty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-four dollars, being about eighteen and onehalf dollars per head for the shool population.

(See "Utah and her People,"by a Gentile, page 25.) This exhibit is all the more remarkable, as showing the sturdy independence and creditable zeal of our people, when we remember the fact that while millions of dollars were appropriated by the General Government for educational purposes and received by the several States, Utah, as a

Territory, has not received any aid, not even from her so-called regenerators.

All the higher branches of education are amply provided for in that excellent institution, the University in Salt Lake City, where a thorough course in the sciences and languages is given. We have also the B. Y. Academy at Provo,a

MORMONISM AND EDUCATION.

High School at Ogden, and the B. Y.

College at Logan.

Besides these facilities there are the Sabbath Schools, our

Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual

Improvement Associations, all of which have rapidly increasing libraries attached to them, and the Primary Associations for the children; and all this may be claimed as a result, though by no means the final result, of the enterprise and energy of a people, whom our enemies declare are Mormons only by reason of their ignorance.

True, the proselytes to Mormonism are mainly from the unlearned and poorer classes in this and other countries; but is this the fault of Mormonism?

Is it not rather the fault of the systems,conditions and surroundings, which are the bane of those so called Christian countries in which we are reared?

It is also erroneously supposed that those who are styled the educated classes reject Mormonism because their learned minds detect inconsistences in it, but there is nothing more remote from the truth.

It is not because the evidences of the divinity of Mormonism are so imperfect that they are not convincing to the educated mind, nor is it because the philosophy is absurd, nor because its spiritual truths fail to satisfy the longings of man's soul; but it is because Mormonism requires men to exercise faith in God, and to manifest that faith by their works of righteousness.

It tells them of their sins, their covetousness, pride, intemperance, anger, malice, lust and other kindred iniquities, and commands them to repent of all these, to become humble, obedient and prayerful, letting brotherly love and kindness fill their hearts continually, and besides all this, it requires them to make sacrifices, and pass through tribulations and persecutions, which the pampered and indolent natures of the wealthy are little fi'tted to cope with, and to remain firm and steadfast through all the frowning vicissitudes that meet a despised and unpopular people.

The wealthy and educated are, generally speaking, those of whom Paul said,they are lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God; heady, highminded, and they delight in the form of godliness more than in the power;

they love to be honored of men, and value too highly their good name and standing among their fellows, to sacrifice them for the Gospel's sake. Those same principles met the same reception when taught by the Messiah himself.

Whoopposed those divine precepts, and clamored most and loudest for the blood of Jesus?

The learned rabbis, doctors and lawyers.

It was by the poor that the Gospel was accepted then, and so* it is now, with a few honorable exceptions.

Jesus Christ thanked his Father that those things which He taUght were hidden from the wise and prudent, and were revealed unto babes and the humble.

And now to the other part of our subject.

Is Mormonism opposed to that which is true in science?

Against the vain babblings of that which is falsely called science, and the danger of a too ready acceptance of all the theories and speculations of men, the youth of our people have been warned. But that they have ever been counseled or restricted from proving those speculations genuine or spurious is a palpable falsehoodWhat branch of science can Mormonism.

be afraid of, that we need oppose it?

And although I cannot enter into details,.

I will make bold to say that there is notruth that is antagonistic to,or that is not comprehended by Mormonism. Whether it be discovered on the surface of the earth or in the starry vault of heaven, it never did and never will conflict with Mormonism.

Surely it is not the science of astronomy, of which

Apostle Orson Pratt was.

such a distinguished student, nor of mathematics, in which he was equally well versed, and in which he made important and valuable discoveries.

Nay,, verily, for if we go to the revelations of •God in this age, we find that the Mormon people have exact and definite information upon a most important subject in the science of astronomy, upon which the learned world are still speculating and theorising—namely, that the stars are inhabited.

In a vision given to the Prophet Jos-

i8o SP. L\7S// HUMOR.

eph Smith and Sidney Rigdon.at Hiram,

Portage County, Ohio, February 14, 1832, a glimpse of the object and purpose of the creation of the worlds was given.

They saw the Son, even Jesus Christ, on the right hand of the Father, and they heard the heavenly voice bearing record as the Only Begotten of the Father, saying that by Him and through Him and of Him the worlds are and were created and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God.

In the Pearl of Great Price there is also an account of the word of the Lord to Moses, to Enoch, and to Abraham, revealing many things concerning the worlds and their creation.

By these and other revelations we have learned that the starry worlds are framed as abodes for the offspring of the universal Father, in the various grades of their progress towards the perfection of the Author of their being, the Creator and Ruler of all.

And, surely, it is not the science of archaeology that is in opposition to Mormonism, for from every ancient mound that is opened,and every ruined city that is discovered, and temple that is explored in Central America, come additional and emphatic testimony to the truth of the history of the ancient inhabitants, as recorded in the Book of

Mormon.

The Latter-day Saints may hail this science as their true friend, furnishing additional and important evidences every step it makes in the archaeological researches of ancient America.

But we must not forget, brethren, that many of the theories which are now considered as the profoundest axioms of scientific research, may be laughed at by future generations as we have laughed at the follies and errors of the past, and when science is stripped of its falsities, it will be found in perfect harmony with truths which we have already accepted, and which have placed us far ahead ofthe world in relation to science, for truth, whether revealed from heaven by our Heavenly Father, or discovered by the researches of man, will of necessity be found to harmonize with all other truth in the universe.

We may at present be accounted heretics to the world's accepted notions, in many of our principles which we believe and practice; but as it was only a step, so to speak, from the darkness and ignorance of the past into the enlightenment and liberty of the present, so may the present prove to be but another step to that time when knowledge shall cover the earth as the waters cover the mighty deep.

Daniel Connelly.

SPANISH HUMOR.

Spain is the country for good stories and proverbs;

they are on the lips ot all, old and young, high and low.

Social position neither makes nor mars a man's success in this line.

A muleteer guiding you across a desolate Sierra, a senator entertaining you in Madrid, a boatman of Cadiz, a majo at Seville, everyone has a fund of anecdote and reparteeFind fault with your Spanish servant, and he quotes a proverb, which is either so appropriate to the subject at hand, or at least so ingeniously inappropriate that he turns your scolding into a laugh.

In general conversation a Spaniard introduces as many stories as an Irishman, and however old an anecdote may be, it is listened to with interest.

The test of success is the manner ot the story-teller, more than what he recounts, and he seeks rather to raise a laugh over a thrice-told tale than to invent novelties.

When -personal adventures form the subject of narration, a careful adherence to truth is not deemed necessary.

I have heard a man keep a whole parly amused for hours by recounting adventures worthy of Don Quixote or Baron Munchausen,everyone hung on his words, applauded, laughed, encouraged him to continue.

When he bad taken his departure, and I remarked on the extraordinary nature of his experiences, I was met by the cool remark, "Mentira,""Lies,"and perceived that no one believed a word of his stories, but that the spirit and wit with which he had described all these imaginary scenes, had won the interest and applause of the whole company.

Medical science is at a very low ebb in Spain, and the Spaniards are

SPANISH HUMOR.

never weary of cracking jokes on doctors.

Le Sage makes Gil Bias say:

"In this village I caught a fever, but as there were no doctors in the place,

I soon recovered."Spaniards will not allow that Le Sage really wrote Gil Bias, but declare he only translated the work of some unknown Spaniard; they say no foreigner could have hit off so well the national characteristics.

There is a Spanish print which represents two men in bed, one is supposed to be a sick man, the other his disease; beside the bed stands the doctor blindfolded, laying about him vigorously with a thick stick.

The man and his illness get beaten indiscriminately till one or the other succumbs.

This too well illustrates the violent and haphazard treatment Spanish doctors give their unlucky patients.

The vice of avarice is very unpopular in Spain, the people being naturally extravagant and ostentatious.

The following story is a favorite, and a comparison of its moral with that of French stories on the same theme, shows the vast gulf that lies between the ways of thought of those neighboring nations: A rich man married his four daughters, giving each one a large dowry. A year later he went to see them.

"How are you getting along?"asked he of the first.

"Father,"answered she, "since my husband has had money he has taken to gambling; he neglects me, and does nothing but play.""Don't distress yourself,"replied her father, "in that way the money will soon be spent, then he will have to work, and you will both be happy."He went to his second daughter, who answered crying that her husband was always falling in love, and spent all her money in giving presents.

"Be easy,"said the father, "when the money is gone he can give no more presents, he will have to work, and will settle down into a good husband."The third daughter complained that her husband had taken to drinking, and passed his life in taverns.

"Wait till he has to work for his money, he will then have nothing to spare for Sollies, and you will be happy,"replied the father, unsympathetically, and he went on to his last daughter.

She lamented bitterly over her husband's avarice; he would not give her a farthing, and nearly starved her.

"Alas! my poor, little one,"cried he embracing her, "child of my heart, I see no end to thy misery."There is also the story of the miser who fell into a river. A peasant seeing that the current would carry him away, held out his hand, crying, "Give me your hand."Give! he had never done such a thing in his life, and would sooner die than begin.

Luckily for him, the stream carried him close to a fisherman, who said: "My man, take my hand."As soon as it was a question of taking it was all right, and he was saved.

Though the Spaniard is generally as bigoted as he was in the days of Alva, he does not mind making many jokes which strict people might consider irreverent; but though he does so himself, a foreigner must be careful how he approaches the subject of religion, for he is like a mother who will complain of her own spoilt child, but be mortally offended if anyone else presumes to find fault with it.

Most people have heard the story of the brigand who went to confession, as Spanish brigands do, and who, seeing a little silver box in the sleeve of the priest, relapsed and stole it.

"I accuse myself, Father,"said he immediately, "of having stolen a box.""Well, my son, you must restore it.""Would you like it, Father?""I! no,"replied the confessor, offended at the suggestion.

"The thing is,"resumed the penitent, "that I have offered it to its owner and he has refused it.""Oh! then in that case, my son, you have done all that is necessary, and may keep it with a clear conscience."A Spaniard always has an answer ready, if not a good one at any rate one which leaves his questioner apparently in the wrong.

The following is an instance of this sort of reckless repartee.

A priest was catechising some children, and while speaking of the miracle of the loaves and fishes, said by mistake that five thousand loaves just sufficed

iS2 A UTOGRAPH AL HUMS.

for five people.

"And did they not burst?"asked an irreverent boy, hoping to raise a laugh at his instructor's expense.

"No,"replied the priest promptly, "therein lay the miracle."

Spanish wit is seldom malicious, and there is such a spontaneous child-like enjoyment of a joke among the people that it is barely possible to avoid joining in the laugh, even when it has been raised at your expense.

To be able to take a joke good humoredly is a sure way to win popularity, and one

I would recommend visitors not to neglect, for upon it depends much of the pleasure of a sojourn in this country.

AUTOGRAPH ALBUMS.

There is considerable variety now in ihe manufacture and use of albums. The great original was the verse album,which came in most likely with "the revival of letters,"as literature was then styled.

The use thereof was confined to but few, and these the so-called cultivated and intellectual people.

Those who are familiar with the poets will doubtless remember noting in all collected editions, at all events, these generally terse, witty and usually flattering contributions.

Verse making was one of the fine arts, and the possessor of the faculty was almost sure of the entree into society, and it is of record that many a successful applicant for place and office, secured the prize by force of ability in this direction.

With modern ideas of poetry, many of these old verses appear very crude and pointless, they only seem to be continued in existence because allied with a name, which produced other things more deserving of immortality.

Scrap albums would no doubt suggest themselves with the extension of printing, and yet they evidence either the great lack of variety, or the transient character of the form in which they originally appeared.

To-day with the immense resources and variety of printed matter, there is wonderful opportunity for making albums as various and valuable as are the tastes of collectors.

Several such have come lately under the observation of the writer, one in particular seemed to strike the fancy and to be priceless almost in its character.

It was a collection of articles and paragraphs on the death of the late President Young;

all English speaking papers and magazines appeared to have contributed to it, and every State of the Union from the Atlantic to the Pacific.

The great defect with the general scrap album is the evident lack of order and arrangement. A good one should have scientific, domestic, poetic, sentimental, and other varieties of scraps, each in proper place and then be provided with an index.

The picture album is an outgrowth of illustrated books, magazines and papers.

Some persons have these in choice and expensive forms, and to photography we are indebted for copies of statuary, paintings.and architecture, in every guise, so that the works of "the grand old masters"in these several schools are familiar to thousands who never have and probably never will see the prime originals.

The photograph album for portraits of valued friends and for the loved who have escaped to the other side, is quite a late addition which has done good service in all ranks of society, and so long as the human heart is what it is, is likely to become even more universal than it is to-day.

Following in quick succession, the postal stamp album became a semi-popular craze.

Stamps of every pattern, of every denomination, and of all countries furnished a broad field for interest and evoked much sagacity, and caused the circulation of considerable money in the securing of rare and unique as well as the ordinary or everyday style of stamp;

many papers publish advertisements giving the prices of large numbers of the coveted article;

it is understood, of course, that most of these are stamps which have been cancelled in the respec-

AUTOGRPH ALBUMS.

tive post offices through ''which they have passed.

The possession of a mixed album for scraps and pictures is an engaging and attractive object of interest for many of our children; the vast number of cards issued for advertising purposes furnish a cheap supply, and if it were not that so miny are disfigured purposely by the issuer, who makes too conspicuous his business card and address many of them are almost works of art.

The trade in scrap pictures is a growing one, and these are of all prices and sizes. These are raised or relief pictures of birds, beasts and domestic animals, human figures, caricatures and portraits, with ships and buildings in endless variety; since •chromos have been so much improved they occupy quite a prominent place in this line of social and domestic employment and enjoyment. Many are also preserving valentines, some of which are of exquisite beauty, and cards of all styles to give the desired variety.

The autograph album of to-day is an extension of the old appetite which aimed at collecting the autographs of persons eminent in any department of life or thought; many are familiar with the fabulous prices paid at auction sales for such relics of the noted and famed of other days, and in museums these are among the precious things, guarded with a care probably more exacting than would be given to gold or gems.

Continuous application to men and women of position, by curious and intrusive monomaniacs in this respect, is one of the penalties of posthumous renown. The ordinary autograph album is, however, not for strangers or persons of eminence or note, but for the signature and sentiments of personal friends, and this forms quite a pleasant reminder of the many or few who in all the early stages of life any way commanded out esteem, our friendship or our love.

It is interesting to run through the pages of such albums, and tell the diversity of chirography, the evident limited powers of originality in contributions, and the avoidance in some of anything further than the simple signature, "without creed or comment;"many quote threadbare and worn out platitudes, others essay verse without poetry and prose without beauty,and the majority are probably deficient in aptitude, application and interest.

The general disposition is, of course, to please, and it may be that the written sentiments of truth, or of affection, have proved the way to more intimate alliances according to the versatile methods of love "which are everything by turns and nothing long."As a pleasant pastime, as a factor in social life, as affording opportunities for the exhibition of hand writing, spelling, composition and sentiment, the so called autograph album is a success.

Simple autographs are rare, they would be more so if the supply of suitable lines were reachable;

to be sure, to meet the emergency the press issues and advertises collections, but if many of these are used in the vast number of albums which have come under the writer's observation, they are generally namby-pamby, foolish, and in the majority of cases unworthy of association with that refinement and cultivation which an album should exhibit to those who write in or may own the same.

A few original ones are here given, and as the Contributor circulates largely among the young people of the Territory, it may be some gratification to them, and afford a ready method of compliance when requested for a contribution to any fair lady's "Autograph Album."These are tne result of invitation from time to time, and if not marked by special profundity or even beauty, they are at least Mormonic in sentiment,and as such may be welcomed where no better ones can be obtained.

Without apology they are presented by the writer and if found acceptable may possibly be continued.

ALBUM DEDICATION.

The casket is open, but gems are as rare,

From the regions of thought as in caskets elsewhere One fresh from the mind may as valueless seem

As the diamond uncut of an Indian stream

Yet skill may develop that lustre and glow,

Which sparkles in crowns made for Royalty's brow.

1 84 CADET WHITTAKER.

Here, gems far more precious than stones will be shrined, The warm words of love, oft a welcome mayfind, And Friendship may tell in the choicest of phrase, Its wealth of devotion for cloudiest days;

True words on, these pages may burn as the flame, And like ruby or diamond poor setting may shame.

This album, I dedicate now,—may it prove A casket for friendship, a record for love.

I.

A page in thine album?

I gladly comply, And I shrine my best wishes, at least,

I will try, For but few can express the warm thoughts of the heart, As they surge from the fountain, or into words start.

I wish thee all health, and a life as serene,

As in glad days of springtide all nature is seen I pray that true friendship and love may be thine, More precious than rubies, more sparkling than wine.

And as wife, mother, friend, that thy race may be run, Then fade into glory as fade's the day's sun

Freed from earth find again in the mansions above, Great wealth of salvation and treasures of love

I would not pen a thoughtless word,

I would not prompt a thought untrue

Nor would I have your feelings stirred,

By hope of finding something new.

For life is common-place at best,

Devoid of inspiration's glow;

And I, a common man attest, A truth that you though young may know.

If my experience wings my thought,

I urge on you to be a man, And consecrate your powers unbought,

To teach salvations lofty plan.

Who by a line can drain the heart,

Or in a verse all thought express?

'Twould volumes fill for e'en a part, When love essays the loved to bless.

Besides, this living tide of love,

Increases as the stream flows on

Its fountain, God hath placed above,

And pressure surely bids it run.

It floods this life of work and tears, Makes sunshine 'neath each passing cloud What wealth of verdure oft appears,

From love received and love bestowed.

And if perchance of heaven ordained,

A severance comes, a loved one dies,

Hath revelation not explained, "Love gains its level 'yond the skies?"

Within this shrine of friendly line,

A strangers hand, presumes a while

For thought will swell, and sometimes tell,

The dreams that weary life beguile.

Strange we may seem, but do not dream,

That we before have never met A land of light, our home was bright

Without earth's suns to rise or set.

Amid yon groups, where no one stoops

To grasp a brother, sister, friend,

We all were one and none outshone,

Except as love we did expend.

Oh there to greet, again to meet,

Will pay for all our trials here

A home at last, and friends more vast,

And to "The Father,"ever dear.

H.

IV. Naisbitt.

CADET WHITTAKER.

Reveille at West Point is romantic—in poetry; in reality, it is a very prosaic and unsatisfactory affair.

It occurs too early and too often.

It is a relic of barbarism without a twin.

It is always a source of grief to the cadet, that tradition should have prescribed five or six as the proper hour of rising, when the happy hour of noon is pre-eminently more comfortable.

Reveille is no respector of seasons, as it is no respector of cadets.

It comes alike with the balmy air of a spring morning, which bespeaks of the summer holidays, and the driving snow storm of winter, which suggests too

CADET WHITTAKER.

forcibly, the scalping knife of the Apache;

and it comes alike to the big cadets in "D"company, as well as to the "poor little fellows"in "C."Would you have a picture of reveille?

Then, behold the noble youth, risen from dreams of martial glory, bend his steps toward the parade ground, his brow knit in contemplation of the future, when he shall seek the bubble reputation, even at the cannon's mouth Behold his perfect toilet, and hear the commanding tones of his warrior voice, as he responds to his name at the roll call.

Such is the popular idea alas, such is not the truth Startled from the closing scenes of a highly dramatic nightmare, caused by too little apple sauce for supper the night before; or from the bright anticipation of quail on toast, or some other impossible dish, our hero jumps into his clothes, shuffles into his "reveilles,"(his oldest shoes, generally stringless), and fairly tumbles down stairs, in his undignified haste to save a "skin"for being late.

Thinking of the glories of his profession?

No, generally swearing.

In perfect toilet?

No, unwashed.

And his voice sounds more like the echo of an expiring yawn, than anything more Napoleonic.

And yet reveille, in the abstract, is not without its beauties.

This feature of it, however, is not generally brought to the attention of the cadet, and he might fail to appreciate it, if it were; but standing at the distance of a number of years from the academy, and contemplating it with that sentiment of affection, with which we universally regard our past hardships, I will admit that reveille has its bright side.

Not in reality;

in the imagination.

The original plan of this ceremony, involved the waking of the victim by the discharge of a gun; and, as a matter of fact, the gun is regularly discharged. But a reveille gun was never known to wake a soldier or cadet.

I almost fancy he could make down his bed, beneath the gun, and sleep on in peaceful unconsciousness until the beating of the break- *5» fast drum, if he were not otherwise awakened.

And so it is at West Point, the gun goes off and the cadets sleep calmly on.

But there is an attachment to the morning gun, which works perfectly it has demonstrated itself to be infallible.

I refer to the presence in the empty halls, with their iron staircases, of drums and fifes, played with a vindictiveness that come from too early rising on the part of the musicians.

But to return from this digression.

When the morning gun, which is across the "Plam"from the barracks, on the brow of a hill, overlooking the broad Hudson, is fired, its reverberations echo from a hundred ravines in the historic hills around.

It is the signal for the band of drummers and fifers, who have been standing near,waiting for the sound, to begin their lively march toward the barracks.

First with a roll, and then with martial tunes, many of which were probably heard in that vicinity when Benedict Arnold commanded, they move steadily across the intervening space, five or six hundred yards, through the sallyport, into the are*, wheel into line, and then separate, a fifer and drummer going into each of the ten divisions, or halls, of the barracks.

All this concert is played to the hills alone as auditors not a cadet is moving.

But they will soon move them.

They are moved, whereupon the band unites again, and plays a number of prescribed rolls and airs, the last sound of which is the signal for the roll call, at which tune the cadets are all supposed to be there, and, in fact, generally are.

Such had heen the ceremony on the morning of the 6th of April, 1880.

The students were slowly and sleepily retracing their steps to their rooms, to prepare for inspection and breakfast, a half hour later, when the word was rapidly circulated that Whittaker had been killed.

No particulars could be learned, and we awaited with the deepest interest further developments in the mysterious affair.

From our windows we saw various officers of the academy, the superintendent,

General Schofield, the commandant of

1 86 CADET WHITTAKER.

cadets and others, enter the 'Fifth Division, "on the third floor area of which,the room of the colored cadet was located.

We were puzzled to imagine some explanation for this dastardly outrage; we were sure that no friend of the institution had been concerned in it, and foresaw the storm of indignation with which the announcement would be received throughout the country, if it were shown that any cadet had been concerned in its perpetration. Many false statements concerning the treatment of negroes at West

Point had been circulated throughout the nation, and had engendered a deep seated prejudice against what was termed the snubbishness of the Military Academy.

Of the treatment of previous colored cadets, I am unable to say anything but of Mr. Whittaker's treatment I speak from observation.

It is true that he occupied his room alone.

This was, howno more than many other cadets did, either from choice or necessity, contrary to the usual custom of two living together.

It is equally true that he was ostracised;

that he was without companions; that he was shunned.

This is, of course, not [Very creditable to the academy;

but it is a fact not entirely without explanation.

It is to be remembered that the cadets are precisely what they have been taught to be if they were narrow and prejudiced in this particular, the sentiment may be taken as a reflection of the sentiment of the country at large.

You who are so inclined to bitterness must remember that there is a wide difference between treating negroes civilly whom you meet only on the street or occasionally in your employment, and in being thrown into constant and close contact with them, eating at the same table, sleeping in the same building, marching shoulder to shoulder with them.

And then, another point to remember is that all men are not equally affable.

I have been told that colored cadets before Whittaker's time were treated with much more consideration certainly those since have been.

Therefore, while I am far from justifying such an inhuman condition of affairs, I would call your attention to conditions modifying its undesirableness.

When the subject came up afterwards in the United States Senate, a strong point was made against the indignation of certain Senators, by proofs of the treatment to which a certain colored Senator and his accomplished wife had been subjected in our nation's capital.

While it is true that Whittaker was avoided as much as possible, I have never known him to have been otherwise insulted or abused, and it is my firm belief that he received absolute justice at the hands of his instructors;

if any discrimination was made, I am inclined to believe it was in his favor.

On the morning in question, the cadet first sergeant of "C"company, called Whittaker's name, and he did not answer.

This was strange, because he was usually attentive to his military duties.

The sergeant, thinking he had failed to hear the response, repeated his name, and again it was unanswered.

He was reported absent to the cadet captain, and by him to the officer of the day, who immediately proceeded to the absent cadet's room, as is the custom, to ascertain the cause of absence.

Whittaker was found, to all appearances, dead.

His head and body were on the floor, his hands bound in front of him;

he was on his back; his feet, bound together, were tied to the iron bedstead above.

There was blood on the walls and floor, in small quantities, and considerable on his head and on the pillow upon which, singularly, his head rested.

His looking glass lay broken on the* floor, and his room, in general, bore evidences of a struggle.

The cadet officer was alarmed, and believing the situation to be serious immediately sought the officer in charge.

He came;

unsuccessful efforts were made to revive the injured cadet, and the surgeon was asked to come up at once.

During this time, Whittaker remained unconscious.

The doctor came, made an examination of his injuries, found they were trivial, and convinced, as he afterwards testified, that the case was fraudulent, impatiently told Whittaker to get up.

He promptly obeyed, that is as soon as his

CADET WHITTAKER.

bands were removed; his consciousness was restored without delay.

Whittaker's injuries were found, upon careful examination, to consist of a bruise or cut, utterly insignificnat, upon one toe;

injuries to both ears;

and an alleged bruise upon the head, caused, the victim stated, by a blow from an Indian club.

His hair was clipped off, jaggedly behind; and it was a remarkable feature of the case, that the hair so cut, was found neatly arrayed in a single pile, on the floor of the colored cadet's room at the time of his discovery.

But, not to try beyond limit the patience of the reader, it is well to return to the historic ears.

It has not been the destiny of many ears to live in history, and in this respect those of Whittaker are particularly fortunate.

They have assumed an importance quite extraordinary in a biped; indeed if we are to agree with the court of inquiry and court martial, they have reached a magnitude quite unbecoming. Popular ignorance has pictured Whittaker with both ears lopped off;

and, doubtless, there are those who would expect to run across them in the Smithsonian institution or the national museum, carefully dried, while their former owner, deprived of their assistance was in South •Carolina teaching school.

The fact of the matter is, and the writer speaks from observation at the time, the injuries were confined exclusively to the lobes; both were slit for an eighth of an inch, perhaps, and above the slits were scraped as though the nails of the thumb and forefinger had been closed tightly upon the lobe, and drawn down.

Well, it was the sensation of the hour.

Newspaper men flew to West Point in swarms.

Everyone around the institution, from the bootblacks up to Major General Schofield, was interviewed.

Whittaker's mail grew daily; there were little square, perfumed notes from sympathetic young ladies, who thought it was "perfectly awful that those horrid creatures, etc.;"and then, there were letters in a shaky hand from veteran abolitionists, who got the impression the fourteenth amendment had been tread upon.

One estimable old gentleman came all the way down from New Hampshire, and brought his two daughters, to sympathize with the outraged cadet.

Whittaker's story of the affair, substantially, was that a few days previous to the attack, he had received a note signed, "A Friend,"warning him to be on his guard, he was about "to be fixed."

He paid no attention to this note, thinking it to be a canard.

In the early morning of the sixth of April, probably at three or four o'clock, his room door opened, three masked men entered, and before he could move he was jumped upon and gagged.

His enemies showed considerable hesitation about their business, and seemed to have no preconcerted plan.

But measures were taken to prevent light from being seen, and a candle was lighted.

During the affair, Whittaker's small looking glass was smashed over his head;

he was playfully struck in the face by the fist of one of his assailants, and brutally, on the head, with an Indian club.

A canvas shoulder belt was torn lengthwise, and he was bound hand and foot and strapped to the bedstead in the unnatural position described.

His hair was notched.

The intruders were about to leave, when one of them suggested that they slit his ears, "as they do hogs down south;"and this further indignity was perpetrated.

As they were about to leave he asked them to put a pillow under his head, which they did.

They left.

The injured cadet endeavored to make some one hear, but was gagged and could not.

He soon became unconscious, and realized nothing until startled into consciousness by the stern voice of the doctor.

The affair was twice investigated, once by a court of inquiry at West Point, composed of intelligent and fair-minded men, who patiently inquired into the whole matter and found that Whittaker had been his own assailant.

The interests of the latter were looked after on this occasion by Prof. Treener, a colored lawyer of Washington, and Martin I.

CADET WHITTAKER.

Townsend, the United States District Attorney.

Following this report, Whittaker was ordered before a court-martial in New York City, of which General Miles was president, and Major Asa Bird Gardiner, the judge advocate.

Whittaker was on this occasion ably defended by ex-Governor Chamberlain, of South Carolina.

This court found Whittaker guilty.

The evidence was overwhelmingly against him.

The facts that his injuries were so trivial; that he claimed to have been struck on the head, and no bruise or cut could be found; that he claimed that his assailants returned at his request to put a pillow under his head; that when the doctor attempted to lift his eyelids, at the time he appeared to be unconscious, he resisted strongly, which, together with other indications convinced the doctor he was shamming; the manner in which he was bound, loosely with his hands before him, and with bands which were afterwards broken on the witness stand by a cadet, who was illustrating how he might have freed himself from a similar predicament, either by untying the knots or breaking the bands; and the regularity with which the hair was piled on the floor.

Some of the most convincing evidence against the accused came from handwriting experts.

For instance, the note of warning was delivered to several of these experts, together with samples of handwriting of every cadet in the corps, including Whittaker.

Information as to the identity of the writers was carefully kept from the examiners.

A day later they called for additional specimens from fifty cadets who had written the fifty samples they returned.

These were furnished.

In making a report to the board, a day or two later, the note of warning, which, by the way, was in a disguised hand, was returned, together with two specimens of writing.

The experts pronounced the writer of these to be the writer of the note. Upon looking up the names of the writers as indicated by the numbers on the scraps of paper, it was found that Whittaker had written both.

His specimen had been selected Yrom the three hundred, as bearing the closest resemblance to the note of warning;

and when the additional specimens were asked for it was with the purpose mainly, of obtaining a further sample of his penmanship.

I have no reason to doubt the assertion that the experts were in possession of no information that would indicate the names of the writers of the cards.

A further development in the case, through expert testimony, was the perfect fitting together of the ragged edges of the note of warning, and those of a three-quarter sheet of writing paper, either found in, or traced to, Whittaker's room.

This examination was made through a microscope;

and its result must be considered as a strong circumstance against the colored cadet.

On the other hand, the statement of the cadet received no corroboration.

Upon second thought, however, I believe there was some testimony by one or more colored people, employed around the barracks, that was favorable to his case.

It is to be said, further, that the bearing of Whittaker upon the witness stand, under the most searching cross-examination,was all that could be expected of the most honest man.

There were no contradictions, if my memory serves me, in his testimony;

none, at least, not trivial in their nature.

The court sentenced Whittaker to one year's imprisonment, and to dismissal from the army.

The President disapproved the proceedings in part, and remitted so much of the sentence as related to imprisonment.

It may be—

have been unable to ascertain through inquiry—that the entire sentence was remitted, and that Whittaker's connection with the service ceased because of failure at the examination which occurred at West Point two months after the alleged attack.

Whittaker afterwards taught school, in one of the Carolinas, and has recently

I believe, been admitted to the bar.

Since his time several negroes have been at the academy, and have met

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

with better treatment. Cadet Alexander, from Ohio, now in one of the upper classes, has worked himself into an enviable position in his class, and bids fair to graduate well.

Such, in brief outline, is one of the celebrated cases of the day one, at least, that excited popular interest to an unusual degree.

The affair was not without its lessons to the cadets.

I believe that while there was a universal conviction among them that Whittaker's statements were false, and therefore, satisfaction at his conviction, there were facts in his previous treatment, made public during the progress of the case, which cadets felt to be discreditable to their manhood.

And, therefore, it is not a matter of surprise that the experience of other colored boys, since then, have met with a better reception.

R. W. Young.

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

SCIENCE.* The age in which we live is termed a practical age.

It is one in which the predominating educational influence favors knowledge of a practical character.

The rapid growth of the United States, with her vast business interests, commercial and'manufacturing, her literature and her arts, has no doubt been a potent factor in bringing about a desire among the people for that kind of knowledge which can be applied.

Most of the distinguished citizens of this land are men of lowly birth, who have come up the steps of fame to positions of honor by their own untiring industry in the acquirement of knowledge and the application of it in a serviceable manner.

Such men naturally view life from a practical standpoint.

They look at the value of education differently from the Englishman of proud birth and noble estate, who has been nurtured in wealth and schooled to lead a life of culture and idleness, not depending upon the knowledge by which to earn a livelihood or advance in the world financially.

To America may be attributed a goodly portion of the honor of making the pres- ent a practical age.

In the advancement made during the past half century the Natural Sciences have received their share of attention and study. A degree of knowledge has been attained regarding them, which leads some of their ablest votaries to proclaim them of educational valu e in * Delivered January 30, 1886.

the development of the higher intellectual faculties.

Their field of study is so large that it is divided into various specific departments, each receiving the earnest investigations of students searching after the hidden treasures of knowledge yet to be obtained.

The sciences are rapidly assuming a position in education which was formerly held exclusively by literature.

Prof.

Huxley recently said:

"It must be recognized that science, as intellectual discipline is, at least, as important as literature, and that a scientific student must no longer be handicapped by a linguistic (I will not call it literary burden), the equivalent of which is not imposed upon his classical compeer."Science in the field of education fills a double purpose.

It educates the intellectual faculties, while it stores the mind with knowledge which can be applied in everyday life.

Prof.

Baine, a noted scholar, says:

"From physics, from chemistry, from physiology, flow innumerable streams of fertilizing information in all the arts and conduct of life.

Not only are they at the bases of many specific crafts, but they provide guidance to every human being in endless variety of situations.

For some kinds of knowledge we can trust to a skilled adviser but every denizen of the globe needs perpetually to apply physical, chemical, or physiological laws, in circumstances where no adviser can be near."The beauty and force of this statement are seen when it is remembered that natural

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

laws are applied to the relief of persons who have met with accidents.

Natural laws are used in regulating household conveniences;

in the ventilation of rooms, in the easy raising and lowering of windows;

in the mechanism of furniture;

in heating and lighting for comfort and health in obtaining water supply;

in cooking and preserving articles of diet.

The farmer or mechanic with a knowledge of the use of the pulley, lever or inclined plane often finds such knowledge of great advantage to him, while those without it are frequently at a loss in accomplishing what they desire.

A knowledge of chemistry makes the work of a cook or of a farmer more pleasant, and in many instances more profitable.

One cannot go into a factory or shop of any pretentions to manufacturing importance without witnessing some of the laws of nature used to accomplish work under the direction of intelligent men.

Railroads, telegraph lines, electric light and steam boats display, in a more magnificent manner the same thing.

In contemplating the practical benefit to be derived from a knowledge of natural laws, we can readily understand that they have an educational value, but can we sense the necessity for the study of all the manifold works of creation which, go where we, will, attract our attention.

Let us glance under our feet and we will find evidences of a mighty work accomplished.

Vast forests of trees have grown and decayed and mouldered into dust animals have lived, thrived and died; mighty rocks have crumbled, and a multitude of changes have taken place to produce the soil upon which we so lightly tread.

What a history would be revealed were a little atom to relate the experience it has passed through, during the ages which have gone. A library of books equal to the largest collection found anywhere in our great cities, could not contain a complete record of all of its travels and experiences.

Look at the trees, and an interesting study is before you.

A little seed in the ground grows, and after years of constant, patient working, as it were, the end of its growth is reached, and it withers and dies.

The history of the tree is not complete here.

Science teaches that no particle of matter can be annihilated.

The elements which have been gradually brought, together from a scattered condition into the form of a tree now fill a different position from that previously occupied by them.

The whole of plant life offers similar food for instructive and interesting study.

The various kinds of animals which move upon the face of the earth, breathing the breath of life, are governed by laws suitable to their well-being. Among all these man occupies a pre-eminent position, for he is endowed with an intelligence evidently superior.

The arrangement and working of the organs of his system, the wonderful operations of the nerve centres, the circulation of the blood and the relation of the brain to the body, show a mechanism beyond the power of human intelligence alone to fathom.

We look above us, and sight, a wonderful and blessed gift, enables us to behold grand and majestic beauties in the firmament. What a field for study!

The soul grows almost wild with delight in viewing the sublime picture of the heavens.

The heart faints and the mind staggers in attempting to solve the problems there presented.

Truly it may be said that the grandest achievements of finite mind have been in the field of astronomy.

Yet there is much to learn which will never be known, save it is revealed by inspiration from heaven.

How vast is space; how solemn the thought of millions and millions of miles in extent of space without a human occupant. The best knowledge man has gained teaches that such is the situation between this earth and the nearest planet. This leads to the thought that there are many wonderful and beautiful things in creation, clqthed in garments of the richest hues, which live and die without ever attracting the admiring glance of man.

The countless orbs in space doubtless are inhabited by intelligences of whom we know nothing.

An idea of the immensity of space may be conceived by the following from

Rich-

l6gan temple lectures.

ter:

"An angel once took a man and stripped him of his flesh, and lifted him up into space to show him the glory of the universe. When the flesh was taken away the man ceased to be cowardly, and was ready to fly with the angel past galaxy after galaxy, and infinity after infinity, and so man and angel passed on, viewing the universe, until the sun was out of sight—until our solar system appeared as a speck of light against the black empyrean, and there was only darkness.

And they looked onward, and in the infinities of space before, a speck of light appeared, and suddenly they were in the midst of rushing worlds.

But they passed beyond that system, and beyond system after system, and infinity after infinity, until the human heart sank, and the man cried out:

'End is there none of the universe of God?'The angel strengthened the man by words of counsel and courage, and they flew on again until worlds left behind them were out of sight, and specks of light in advance were transformed, as they approached them, into rushing systems they moved over architraves of eternities, over pillars of immensities, over architecture of galaxies, unspeakable in dimensions and duration, and the human heart sank again and called out 'End is there none of the universe of God?'And all the stars echoed the question with amazement:

'End is there none of the\ universe of God?'And the echo found no answer. They moved on again past immensities of immensities, and eternities of eternities, until in the dizziness of uncounted galaxies the human heart sank for the last time, and called out:

'End is there none of the universe of God?'And again all the stars repeated the question, and the angel answered 'End is there none of the universe of

God.'So, also, there is no beginning."In the work of education, science is valuable as a developer of the reasoning faculties, since demonstration is necessary to establish principles advanced.

Since the sixteenth century great progress has been made in a knowledge of scientific truths.

The present century has witnessed the most rapid strides.

The world has been startled with wonderful inventions, and a great many illustrious names have been recorded as workers in the investigations of natural laws.

Steamboats have been introduced, railroads perfected, electric tele-, graph made to convey intelligence from continent to continent. The phonograph, audiphone, telephone and the electric light, are a few of the large number ot useful inventions of the age.

Machinery for manufacturing and agricultural purposes has been greatly improved.

In this great advancement the United States has gained a merited distinction through the brilliant and successful efforts of some of her worthy citizens.

Man may properly consider himself a blessed being.

His organization is such, if cultivated, as will enable him to appreciate the works of nature. He is capable of growth, physical and intellectual.

The study of the beautiful and uniform laws which control, actuate, and we may almost say, animate the various elements, is one that is of much interest to him.

It is a study which developing the intellectual powers, adds to his enjoyment of life.

Great care, however, is needed in pursuing it, for much doubt has arisen and infidelity has taken root in the minds of some eminent scholars, as part of the fruit of their scientific studies; and it has caused some religionists to be prejudicial toward this important branch of education.

This prejudice is due to various causes, among which ignorance may be classed as chief.

The Darwinian theory, regarding the origin of the race of man, has brought much ridicule upon its distinguished author, and upon science. A disbelief in false theories, however, should not lead to a condemnation of truth.

All learned men should not accept the theories of science which conflict with Bible teachings.

When men denounce unqualifiedly the study of science, they make a gross error, and display ignorance regarding that study.

In relation to true Theology science does not occupy an antagonistic position, for truth is its object, and all laws which it re-

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

veals, when demonstrated, will prove to be in accordance with true principles.

They are perfect, and are understood by that Being, who is the author of true theology.

Man may think that he has arrived at facts in the workings of nature when such is not the case.

Upon this kind of a foundation he may build an opposition to religion;

but when confronted by a superior intelligence it falls to the ground.

When real laws are discovered governing the material creations, those laws will be found not conflicting with theological truths—they will harmonize.

True theology may be said to be a system of divine laws instituted for the perfecting of human beings, and in a broad sense it embraces the laws or principles which govern all the creatures of God. A knowledge of natural science rather than prove antagonistic to religion, should inspire a greater belief in it, and create a nobler love for that being who, all wise and powerful, understands all the laws of nature.

A study of the divine word teaches us that a knowledge of some of the later (as claimed) principles of scientific truth were known by inspired men in the early days of the world.

The Bible bears witness to that fact, for in that sacred record are passages which teach important geological and meteorological truths concerning the earth and the air around it. Herschel says: "All human dis coveries seem to be made only for the purpose of confirming more strongly the truths that come from on high, and are contained in the sacred writings."In scientific study it will be learned that there are certain fundamental laws, the action of which requires more than the knowledge man has gained to explain.

Inspiration from heaven is needed to solve the question.

To these laws man has given a name, and while some things pertaining to them are not understood, their results,when acting uniformly upon certain kinds of matter, can be demonstrated to be similar. Let a piece of steel or iron be brought within the power of a magnet and it is immediately drawn toward it, and from the action it is readily concluded that there is a property about the magnet which acts with power and apparent intelligence.

All magnets possess this property and the observance of it is exceedingly inferesting.

One is filled with wonder in seeing an apparently inanimate substance manifest life, as it were, by moving toward another object.

And when it reaches the object the influence under which it has acted binds it there.

I believe that there is a mighty power at work in all these things which at present is not understood by learned scientists.

The law of gravitation is called one of the grand laws of the universe, and upon it are based many of the beautiful studies of science.

By it bodies are said to be attracted toward the earth and in turn attract each other.

The magnificent orbs which illuminate and beautify the heavens are influenced by this law. The grand moving cause of the law is not given in ordinary scientific books;

neither is it explained how a particle of matter or body without life or intelligence can act upon a similar object. The lack of a knowledge of the intelligent acting, permeating force existing in the creations is felt by some of the eminent scholars of the day.

Professor Tyndall has said:

"If you ask me, whether science has solved, or is likely to solve, the problem of this universe I must shake my head in doubt. We have been talking of matter and force; but whence came matter and whence came force?

Who made all these starry orbs? Science makes us attempt to answer.

As far as I can see there is no quality in the human intellect which is fit to be applied to the solution of the problem.

The phenomena of matter and force lie within our intellectual range, and as far as they reach we will at all hazards push our inquiries.

But behind, and above and around all, the real mysteries of this universe remain unsolved; and here the true philosopher will bow his head in humility, and admit that all he can do in this direction is no more than what is in the compass of an ordinary child.""We habitually speak of the attraction and repulsion of the affinity and nonaffinity of bodies,"says Robert Hunt,

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

"and write learnedly upon the laws of their forces.

After all it would be more honest to admit that we know no more of the secret impulses which regulate the combinations of matter, than did those in days gone by referring all phenomena of these kinds to sympathies and antipathies."The Duke of Argyle says:

"The more we know of nature, the more certain it appears that a multiplicity of separate forces does not exist, but that all her forces pass into each other, and are but modifications of some old force which is the source and centre of the rest."The late Apostle Orson Pratt said: "All of the great laws of the universe are not the laws of inert matter, but the laws of a self-moving, intelligent and powerful being, possessing knowledge, goodness, love and every other attribute that is good and great and useful."

It is evident from reason and from the teachings of the scriptures that there is every where present a spirit and power permeating all things.

A revelation given through Joseph the Prophet says: "He governeth and executeth all things, and all things are before Him:

and He is above all things, and in all things, and is through all things, and is around about all things; and all things are by Him even God forever and ever."

This doubtless has reference to the Holy

Spirit, and throws much light upon difficulties presented in studying the laws of nature.

And as that power is better understood more light may be expected, from being in accordance with laws governing the spiritual and temporal man.

The laws of nature being actuated by an intelligence of the character shown suggests to us the depth, beauty, grandeur and sublimity of the study we are commencing.

The great achievements of the present century lead the mind to contemplate the possibilities of the future.

But here the weakness of finite mind is felt in the impossibility to grasp the future developments of science.

Man has by earnest searching found many truths, unaided by that inspiration which comes through obedience to the Gospel of Christ as revealed from heaven.

With the aid of the heavenly spirit his energies will be strengthened and the results of diligent labors will be glorious successes. We can safely predict that there will be many new discoveries made which will aid in his advancement to the position he should occupy in the fulness of times.

President George Q. Cannon has said:

"The last dispensation of which prophets have written and poets sung, when God would again make bare His arm in the deliverence of His people, has been ushered in.

To thoroughly disseminate this knowledge, scientific truths were revealed and science assumed her proper position as handmaid to religion.

It was necessary that this should be the case that the accomplishment of the designs of the Almighty might be brought about with the requisite speed.

In making and perfecting the discoveries, there- fore, the scientific men of the age are but instruments in the hands of a superior power, that is operating with them for the accomplishment of His plans."

From what has been said we understand that some important things are not comprehended by the most learned men of to-day, and when we treat physics, that department of science allotted to us for study, we will do so having had a glimpse of some plain facts which present themselves to scientists.

In this introductory lecture we have endeavored to briefly point out: the attractions and benefits of science as a study;

its position in the work of education, its scope; its wonderful advancement;

its relation to religion and the necessity of inspiration to the complete understanding of some of its principles.

The statements presented from earnest workers and eminent scholars teach us that there is much to be learned by the greatest among them regarding the universe.

We, as Latterday Saints, acknowledge the goodness and power of God in all the creations around us.

We look forward with pleasure to that time when we, by diligent study and the blessings of God, shall be as far in advance of the world regarding a knowledge of science as we now are in a knowledge of religion.

John E. Carlisle.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, February, 1886.

HAUN'S MILL AND CROOKED RIVER.

With this number of the Contributor we publish an engraving of Haun's Mill, the Prophet Joseph's house at Far West and a view of Crooked River Battleground, where the gallant David W.

Patten was killed.

The site of Haun's Mill is on the north bank of Shoal Creek, in Caldwell County, some four miles from Kingston, the present county seat; and about twelve miles from Far West.

Here through the eventful summer of 1838 a number of families of Latter-day Saints had located, and late in the month of October they were joined by other families enroute from the Eastern States to Far West.then the appointed gathering place for the Saints—the families in all numbered thirty.

Those last arrived were camped in their tents—some in wagons—around the mill and blacksmith shop belonging to Mr. Haun.

The thirtieth of October, 1838, was as fair a day as was ever beheld in the great west—too fair a day to look upon a deed so foul as that committed at Haun's Mill.

The sun was half way down the western sky, when through the scattering trees bordering Shoal Creek was seen a body of two hundred and forty armed horsemen approaching the mill at full speed.

A man ran out from among the affrighted Saints to ask for quarter for his people, but he was shot down.

Without even checking their speed the fiends incarnate raised a horrid yell and poured a volley of shot into the blacksmith shop, in which many of the terrified Saints had taken refuge.

Some of those who fled to the woods escaped, while others in making the attempt were shot down.

Those who fled to the blacksmith shop were indiscriminately butchered.

On this day one of the old Revolutionary soldiers who fought for liberty under the immortal Washington was shot down with his own gun that he had surrendered, and his body hacked to pieces with an old corn cutter by an inhuman wretch.

The black deed was done, and night settled on the plain and wood as if to shut out the ghastly scene from the sight of heaven.

Under the friendly shades of the night those who had escaped the awful butchery came from their places of concealment.

Husbands eagerly sought for their wives, wives as eagerly enquired for their husbands.

Children trembling with fear looked for parents;

parents, with heart strings bleeding, gently called the names of their children as they searched the woods in hopes of finding them.

At last, day dawned, and the bodies of the murdered ones were gathered from the plain, the wood, and from the shop—in all there were nineteen, and for want of time to dig vaults their remains were thrown into an old well near the shop, and covered up.

Besides this number killed thirteen were wounded.

Forty-eight years have passed since then, and during that time the old mill on Shoal Creek has been removed nothing but the stones remain.

The blacksmith shop has been removed, as also the house of Mr. Haun; but the old well site is still pointed out to the stranger, although it is nearly filled up and overgrown with grass.

Only a few feet away from it is a stately locust tree that has grown up in eloquent silence during these forty-eight years, and stands a monument over the graves of those nineteen martyrs at its feet, who but for this monument provided by nature would have nothing to mark the spot of their final resting place.

The tree spoken of is seen at the left of the engraving. This view of the site of the massacre is a sketch from a photograph taken on the spot,by a representative of the Contributor; but as explained above, the old

EDITORIAL.

mill, blacksmith shop and house of Mr.

Haun have been removed, consequently these places in the engraving have been supplied by our artist, who was guided in arranging them by the best information we could get as to how they were located.

The house of the Prophet Joseph at Far West is in the center of the engraving.

It stood on the first block west of the public square, at Far West; but a few years ago it was moved south a short distance.

It is still, however, in a good state of preservation, and will be readily recognized by those who saw it at Far West.

About midnight of the twenty-fourth of October, 1838, Joseph Holbrook, the late Judge Holbrook of Davis County, brought word to Far West that one Bogard had a mob collected in the north-east corner of Ray County, and was threatening the Saints, destroying their property, and had even taken three of the brethren prisoners.

He was intending to join Niel Gillium's forces and had said that if he succeeded in doing so, he would give Far West thunder and lightning before noon the next day. Holbrook had also learned that

Bogard intended to camp on Crooked River that night.

On receipt of this information the bugle sounded, the men assembled on the public square, and Judge Higbee—the first judge in Caldwell County—ordered Lieutenant Colonel Hinkle to send a sufficient number of the militia under his command to disperse the mob, and release the prisoners they had taken.

Volunteers were called for and seventy-five men soon reported themselves ready.

The command was given to Captain David W. Patten. The company was soon in the saddle and headed for the point on Crooked River where it was supposed Bogard was encamped.

Within a mile or two of the supposed location the command dismounted,and leaving their horses under a guard, they proceeded on foot along the road, until they reached the brow of the hill that overlooks Crooked River.

Suddenly from among the trees was heard the report of a gun, and young Patrick O'Banion received a mortal wound.

Captain Patten ordered his men to charge down the timber-covered hill—an order they promptly obeyed.

The enemy had formed a line under the bank of the creek, and Captain

Patten formed his line facing them. By this time the eastern sky began to grow light with the approaching day, and the mob fired into the ranks of the brethren, which was promptly returned and followed by an impetuous charge upon the enemy, who fled precipitately across the river leaving their camp in the hands of the victors.

However, as the charge upon the mob was made, one of their number ran from behind a tree, wheeled and shot Captain Patten in the bowels,from which he died the next day.

The view we give of this noted battleground is taken from the river bed, just above the ford, showing the bank under which the mob formed and from which they were driven by the fearless charge of Captain Patten and his men.

The old settlers call the place "Bogard's Battle Ground."For further particulars respecting these places and the events that occurred there, we refer our readers to the articles on the Missouri Persecutions.

"THE BATTLE HYMN OF ISRAEL."The Lord has said that- He will fight the battles of His people, and we cannot doubt that he will be triumphant.

The hand of the persecutor is at the present time being laid heavily upon the

Saints.

There are those who have said in their hearts that they will overthrow this Latter-day work and "grind it to powder."They have appealed to the greatest human government on earth for strength to do so, and its power is being prostituted to effect that end.

But those who entertain this hope and work for this purpose have not read the Scriptures aright, and their expectations cannot possibly be realized.

The word of the Lord God is that whosoever falls upon this kingdom shall be broken in pieces, and upon whomsoever it shall fall it will grind them to powder.

During the scenes we are witnessing,'when every

OCCUPATION IN HEAVEN.

precedent of enlightened civilization is trodden under foot by the blind bigots, who are fostering and urging on this unholy crusade against the church, it is right that the people of God should be valiant in defending the truth, in defining the right and exposing the wrong.

The youth of our people should become familiar with the history of these times.

They cannot find in all the ages a period more interesting or an epoch abounding in events of greater consequence to mankind than those transpiring from day to day at our very doors.

It is not a light matter for a man or nation to assail the annointed servants of God.

Let us put our trust in Him, and with hearts warmed by the holy influences of His spirit, discern His almighty hand, guiding and directing the forces that are at work to establish, in power and great glory, the Kingdom of Heaven on earth.

There is a momentous conflict going on. Satan with all his imps of earth and hell is present in battle array to prevent, if possible, the advancement and growth of that work, which is destined to subdue him and bind him in chains for a thousand years.

As Saints devoted to the truth, we are called upon to be valiant for the cause of Zion, and may sing with swelling breasts the inspiring Battle Hymn of Israel, which the talented poet of Zion, Bishop O. F. Whitney, has presented to our readers in this issue of.the

Contributor.

It has the true ring and fires the heart with the emotions of valor that should characterize Soldiers of the Cross, in the battle they are waging against the powers of darkness, which are gathering their martial hosts around us.

OCCUPATION IN HEAVEN.

The thought that heaven, our future home, is a defined region is necessary to the satisfaction of our faith, and the clearness of our hope.

Let it then be settled in our thoughts for the encouragement of our faith, that the home of our future life will be a region worthy of our coming glory, worthy of Him, who is gone to prepare a place for us, as definitely real and local as that we now occupy.

It will bear the relations to our spiritual being, and our perfected body, as Jerusalem, or any other city, as a present home, bears to this earthly life.

The words of Christ when he said:

"In my Father's house are many mansions,"suggest the idea of home, and home involves the further idea of society.

Thus we reach the idea of a vast family at home, angels and saints together, principalities, authorities and powers, all in order, all perfectly happy, all in union, for sin, the disturber of peace, and the destroyer of harmony has no place there, and all are occupied, but how!

That there will be intellectual occupations we can have no doubt. The divine life in man will have its elements, activities, and pursuits continued hereafter.

The power of thought here, is a marvelous thing, it is the men of thought who govern the affairs of the world, and promote the advancement of mankind.

So in heaven there will be spiritual research, progressive acquaintance with the attributes, the works, and the ways of God, The Saints must learn in varied degrees, with their varied powers and the sciences of heaven will form fitting study and high occupation for beings redeemed from evil, and freed forever from all carnal tendency.

The exercise of memory there will be marvelous, as without any fear to haunt us, we survey all the way our Father led us, and see the solution of difficulties, and the beauty, harmony, and mercy of Providences and experiences which were mysterious to us here.

There we shall see, as it is impossible for us to now see, how in this life all things were arranged to work together for our good, and the study of this must be an exhilirating exercise and high delight.

The law of Christ's kingdom here on earth is to every man his work, and this will be the law of the kingdom forever and ever.

For high and holy duty in Paradise, the activity as well as the suffering of the present life is intended as a preparation.

The population of heaven, as far as human beings are concerned, will be immense.

THE ICE PALACE AT ST. PALL.

"A great multitude which no man can number,"and of this mighty throng a vast proportion will necessarily be those who left this world in infancy and childhood.

How delightful the occupation to teach, and train these y*outhful spirits.

The duty of training them while they lived on earth devolved not on angels, but on men, and to the extent that they will require enlightenment and education, it is most consonant with all that we know of God's dealings to believe that they will be committed to those of their own race, of wider experience and higher attainments.

What a vast difference must there be between the attainments of the Apostle Paul, and indeed many whom we have known in the church on earth, and the young who have only just entered the Church and then been called away to the home above.

Can we conceive any occupation more attractive or delightful than for the experienced to instruct the young, and less experienced in the ways of God;

unfolding to them mysteries which have been solved to themselves, and leading them up to still higher attainments in the knowledge of truth.

Christ when a child on earth, though perfect in His childhood, grew in wisdom and was subject to His earthly parents who brought Him up at Nazareth.

So will childhood grow in heaven. There will be diversity there, a diversity which suggests a vast field of occupation, and exercise, each one of the^Saints contributing in some way to the felicity and progress of all, and the varying gifts of nature, the diverse discipline of experience, and the distinctions of grace will fit all the Saints for different and delightful employment.

Wonderful, diversified, and glorious will be the occupations of the Saints of God, after they have entered their heavenly home, into the presence of their Lord, fashioned like Him and co-workers with Him, worlds without end.

M. A. Greenhalgh.

THE ICE PALACE AT ST. PAUL.

The saying that "men are but grownup children"is well illustrated by the building of costly edifices of a substance known to be ephemeral in its nature, and that can be of no conceivable utility while they last.

Yet they take their place among human affairs, and are occasionally worth describing.

The "St.

Paul Ice Palace and Winter Carnival Association"has been incorporated for the term of thirty years, with the intention of building a palace and holding a festival every winter.

The success of its first attempt has been marred by the remarkable instability of the weather which can usually be depended on in this latitude.

While there have been a few very cold days, this has been comparatively "an open winter;"and fears were at one time had that the project would actually have to be postponed to another year. But,at last, a favorable cold snap came, and the structure was reared.

Building with ice is, of course, in some respects, very much like building with granite or marble; yet it has its peculiarities.

The quarry is the frozen Mississippi River, from which blocks may now be cut twenty inches thick and as clear as crystal.

The first thing done is to scrape off the snow and soft surface ice, which is effectually done by a wooden scraper fifteen feet long, drawn by horses.

Next the smooth surface is marked off by steel knives set in a wooden beam. The area thus treated resembles an immense checker-boardThese teeth are adjustable, so that blocks of the various sizes required can be marked off.

Sawyers then cut the ice, following the lines already thus traced.

By means of hooks and poles, the blocks are lifted from the water and placed on long sleds in waiting, and drawn to the site of the building. Heavy tongs and derricks are next in requisition to swing the blocks to their places, where masons are ready with suitable tools for chipping off the rough parts, so that each block shall fit snugly to its place.

Water is then poured into the seams, where the cold at once congeals it, thus cementing the walls as it goes up.

Work so simple as this progresses rapidly, and repairs that may be needed can be readily made as long as cold weather lasts.

REMINISCENCE OE VICTOR HUGO.

A noble location was secured for the ice palace, comprising eight acres in the very heart of the city, and adjacent to the State Capitol.

In the centre of this broad area rises the glittering structure, one hundred and eighty feet long, one hundred and fifty-four feet wide, with towers one hundred and six feet high.

The architectural design is excellent, with square towers and round ones, and various arches, flying buttresses, and other features.

Thirty thousand blocks of ice were used in completing the structure, and two hundred men were employed in its erection.

The total cost has exceeded twenty thousand dollars including approaches and decorations.

The interior is divided into spacious halls, chambers, and corridors, with a stairway for reaching the summit of the main tower.

In several rooms there are elaborately carved statues cut from huge blocks of ice, and with so much skill that one can only regret that the labor has been expended on such fragile material.

Imagine Powers'"Greek Slave"reproduced in rock crystal Many of the blocks in the walls are so very clear as to take a rich blue color from the blue sky overhead, while others on which the rays of the sun directly shine seem like dazzling cut glass.

At night the building is lighted by electricity, and fine artificial effects are also produced by colored lights and pyrotechnic displays.

The surrounding grounds are decorated with evergreen arches, and in other ways. A village of sixty Sioux Indians, with their skin tepees and primitive features of aboriginal life, is located in one corner of the extensive park.

Elsewhere there are ponds for skaters and curlers, areas f©r snow-shoe races, slides for the tobogganers, and provision for other winter diversions.

It might be added, that, along with the ice palace, has come a wholesome epidemic for out of door recreations, in which people readily indulge, even though the mercury may fall far below zero.

Toboggan slides have been constructed at St. Paul and Minneapolis, some of which are more than one thousand five hundred feet long. More than one hundred snowshoe clubs have been organized in Minnesota during the past two months, with not less than four thousand uniformed members.

Since writing the foregoing account, the warm "Chinook"has come, which threatens the speedy destruction of the ice palace, if it should last many days.

It is interesting to note the effect produced on the blocks near the foundation of the massive walls.

Of course a great pressure comes upon them, and as they begin to thaw they assume a columnar structure, each block seeming to be made up of hundreds of slender prisms.

Possibly before this appears in print, the whole fairy-like palace may have dissolved, and "like the baseless fabric of a vision leave not a wreck behind;"but as a feature of Northwestern enterprise at play, it is worth describing.

REMINISCENCE OF VICTOR HUGO.

I have just arisen from reading a delightful book:

Sketches of Great Men, by Emilio Castelar.

Among them is Victor Hugo, the greatest mind of his age.

He was for some period a ligitimist, because of the education he received from a tender mother, who belonged to one of those French families ever faithful to ancient traditions. When his mother died his genius was lost in sorrow.

At the age of twenty Victor Hugo married a young girl of fifteen, who brought love to his heart, peace and joy to his home; a ray of light in the tempest of his soul, reflected from the heavens upon the griefs of his life; an angel who often became his guide in the bitter hours when he found the world a desert; a wife, who sought from virtue the secret of happiness; a mother, who

REMINISCENCE OF VICTOR HUGO.

kept for herself the aloes of existence, and divided the honey among her children.

All such minds as this great man's are ahead of their age, and consequently they meet opposition in every move they make. Victor Hugo struggled long against contending and opposing elements, and then, like Byron, he decided to leave his beloved country and become an exile.

He installed himself in one of the channel islands, under the British flag. Here he lived for over twenty years, in a house made beautiful by his own artistic mind.

Here he wound off the thread of life, and passed to realms where he can listen enraptured to his own beautiful "Hernani,"every heart responding to its divine strains.

I wish to introduce here a brief episode in which I was particularly interested at the time, and which has deeply impressed this great man's character upon my mind.

Many will have forgotten, but there are those who will ever remember one, whose life like this great man's, was a chequered and sad one.

She was born and reared a lady, of a noble French family; many of the male line were warriors in the history of France.

Josephine de la Harpe has for some years passed "beyond the gates,"but in life she made her mark, yet lived and died in obscurity—almost unknown.

I will explain briefly.

As I said, she was reared in affluence, and her youth was passed mingling in "high life,"even in the salons of royalty, her husband being a Russian consul.

Her country was Switzerland.

In time she became a widow, with two daughters and a young son.

There is a fine institution in St.

Petersburg for the education of orphans of government officials, and in this the young ladies were placed, and Madame

Suder was left alone with her boy, in reduced circumstances, receiving merely a yearly stipend from the government.

She was a woman of deep mind, and had ever despised the hollow grandeur of the world, and felt relieved when she was no longer one of its denizens.

But her sprrit felt isolated and restless, and it was at this time that she accidentally I met two Mormon elders. She conversed with them, was charmed with the principles they advanced, drank in all they taught as the thirsty ground absorbs the water. She listened.she read their works, she prayed, she pondered.

She could not let it go, it had entered into her plastic soul.

She decided that it was the one thing she had all her life been searching for.

Her daughters were provided for; one had married a Russian nobleman, the other was governess in the family of a princess, her boy was all she had to care for.

She gathered up her small property, was baptized, took her boy, and cast in her lot with the Latter-day Saints. She crossed the ocean and drew a hand cart over the plains in that memorable company of the handcarts, often carrying her boy on her shoulders, as they waded rivers and streams, this woman, reared in refined life, and unused to labor and hardship!

Arrived in Salt Lake City, she made a humble home, and sat down for life, a baptized, endowed Latter-day Saint. She was of course an accomplished scholar, and she loved reading, history and biography especially.

She obtained that most celebrated work of Victor Hugo's, entitled, "Les Miserables."She became so impressed with it, and with its author that she determined to write to him—of course in their own native tongue—she took her pen, and gave him the first principles of the restored gospel of Jesus

Christ in its fulness as a panacea for "Les Miserables."The letter was long and full.

I had the privilege of reading it;

it ought to have been published, but she wrote and addressed it to the renowned Victor Hugo.

He promptly answered, not by the hand of his secretary, but under his own veritable hand, and the following were its contents

Madame:—You are a very noble woman, but, permit me to say, I think you are in error.

I herewith send you another of my works, and I lay my portrait at your feet.

Very respectfully yours, Victor Hugo.

Another of his most celebrated works, with his portrait accompanied this elegant billet.

Alas!

Victor Hugo, great

THE BATTLE HYMN OE ISRAEE

man, of great, bright, comprehensive mind, and large heart though he possessed, yet he could not see so small, and at the same time so stupendous a work as the Latter-day dispensation! True it is that it is hidden from the great and given to the poor—that is the "poor in spirit."But now both these great, grand spirits have passed away, and if permitted, the earnest, the nobly enthusiastic Latterday Saint Josephine will seek him out and will again have the privilege of laying the gospel before his enfranchised soul;

enfranchised from the trammels of earth life, and the light of immortality beaming around him, and a small still voice whispers to me he will gladly embrace it.

Hannah T. King.

THE BATTLE HYMN OF ISRAEL.

Dark the battle clouds are closing

Round the chosen ranks of God Mighty ones, their courage losing,

Kneel and kiss the tyrant's rod.

Sons of Israel—heirs of glory Is it now ye quake and quail?

Read again your lineal story Die ye may, but dare not fail.

Prayers of millions, watching, waiting,

Nerve your battle-wearied arms

Powers eternal, o'er us fighting,

Quell the foemen's worst alarms.

Onward, sons of Faith, nor falter

With the glorious goal in view

Tho'your life-blood dyes the altar—

» What are life and death to you?

He that loves his life shall lose it They that sacrifice shall find.

What is mammon, ye should choose it Chaff that whirls before the wind

Fetters—dungeons—shall they frighten

Men whom demons must obey?

Walls shall burst, and shackles brighten

Into sceptres at that day.

Hark the trumpet.

Heroes, rally 'Tis the war cry of the free Lo they swarm from hill and valley

Loyal sons of Liberty.

See they raise the starry standard,

Long by traitors trampled low Freedom chained and Virtue slandered

Now they fall upon the foe.

As the melting snow, mad pouring

Down the mountain side they flee,

Fire from heaven their ranks devouring

Shout for God and victory.

Lo! from out the clouds descending,

Now the conquering host appears

King Immanuel, earthward wending,

Here to reign a thousand years!

Orson F. Whitney.

tt cfot att mhumh <SuMkaUoii£ Go or Send to the DESERET- HEWS COMPANY, Where can be obtained all of the STANDARD WORKS of the CHURCH.

Beautiful Sets of CHURCH WORKS FOR HOUSES OF WORSHIP OR FAMILIES.

SE1TD ^.3iTX) GET «£.

C-6uT.A.XjO<3-TT:E. e f4C PRINTERS AND PUBLISHERS, And Manufacturers 'of and Dealers in All Kinds of Papers, s^wZiiT 1-1-^.12:^:

anr-z.

Samples of Paper Sent on Application.

f > J&.3STUf TXTIES 23C^.T7"^ IE!

ill Volumes Ojste to Six inclusive, £ I Ml I UflL MOROC Gilt Edges Finished in Most Superb Style.

;mes of Owners will he Stamped on

AMD WILL BE SOLD AT arijfc"'!

ZW1%\.Address:

® M

a] 3>ia Mi v\T?\ yxiJL^ The Famous Hot Springs north of Salt Lake

City have been purchased and fitted up for the comfort and convenience of patrons.

Large and Elegant Bath Rooms have been erected, and every facility is being afforded the pleasure and health seeker for the enjoyment of these delightful and health-giving waters.

Analysis and Testimonials of their Medicinal Properties will be published at an early day.

instill Cures of fail Diseases Have been effected by their use.

Hot Springs Water to Bathe in.

Hot Springs Water to Drink.

SvHif Strndml ihmdd <jfiy cjt.

Svety J'autiit ihvutd <¥ty <Ji.

We are confident that at an early date Rot Springs Water will be classed among the Best Medicinal Waters in the ivorld.

JOHN BECK, Proprietor.

INCORPORA TED.

BOAKJ) OF DIRECTORS:

Junius F. Wells, President, Moses Thatcher, Vice President,

B. H. Roberts, Secretary and Treasurer,

Heber J. Grant, Orson F. Whitney.

The Contributor, Volume Sevan, con= taining the valuable historical series "The Missouri Persecutions/'illustrated, and a great variety of the best home literature, is now being published.

We respectfully solicit the subscription of every young man and woman in Israel, believing they will be amply repaid in reading the Magazine.

Agents will please send in lists without de = lay.

The terms of subscription are $2.00 a year, in advance, and for $2.25, in advance, the numbers will be sent, and when returned at the end of the volume WILL BE BOUND

FREE.

(Bound volumes for the first six years are now on hand, and will be sold in complete sets for $ij 00;

single volumes, ex* cept Vol. 4, $2.50 each.

Ten per cent to agents for collections.

Address The Contributor Company, Salt Lake City.

irw«rniranr™iinBarMirraBFrHB7G ias.^HUMiiii.tommim*,.\wsr.Mim.Mutkr.mw,. u:jgr.|ua.

<bb Capital Stocx, $100,000.

Fully Pais Up, $60,000.

SPP, ODELLt § 60., (Incorporated.) HEBER J GRANT, P.-est., JOSM'JA F. GRANT, Vice-Prest., F M. LYMAN.

JOHN HENRY SMITH, ABRAM HATCH, O.

A. WuO-LEY, GEORGE T. ODELL, Secy, and I'roas.

We are prepared to conduct an extensive trade in Wagons, Carriages,

Farm Implements, etc., AND SOLICIT EXAMINATION OF OUR GOODS AND PRICES.

MI0X3HEXL, WAGON, UNEXCELLED FOR DURABILITY, Gilpin Sulky Plow, Walter A.

Woods Harvesters, Massillon Threshers, Gale Plows and Rakes, 'Concord Harness, Buffalo Barbed Wire, GENERAL AGRICULTURAL SUPPLIES.

Grant,- Odeimi & (So., Half Block South of Theatre, SALT Xj-A-ISIjZ: CITT.

TTI'AjHE.

!B?B1 B>\*Jh_