The Glory of God is Intelligence.

No.

7.

APRIL,, 1686.

I ©F)G A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE, REPRESENTS THE JUNIUS F: WELLS, EDITOR.

PUBLISHED BY THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR APRIL, 1886.

PAGE.

The Missouri Persecutions.

VII B. H. Roberts Logan Temple Lectures.

Civil Government Moses Thatcher.

In the Desert and the STiow.

A Story Founded upon Fact Augusta J. Crocheron The Atonement.

II.* George Osmond....

Macaroni Two Pictures O. F.

Whitney EDITORIAL:

Is Profligacy Increasing?

R. W. Young Worldly Ignorance y. M.

.w 276 Comments of the Day Joseph F. Smith A Juggler's Tricks detected.

Association Intelligence:

Semi-Annual Confcrei.ce •F0FI-S* LATH, SHINGLES. WBLI1MS, DOORS. WINDOW BUKDS,

GO TO THE Stairs, Counter:, Stora Fronts, Hardwood Mantles, Etc, to Order.

Kalf Blocks So-\a.t3a. of ~CX- C. IS. X&. Sepot 5Q m Hi atr

^ 8® f BUOY*? & US ^;@tt®ml§8 THEY ARIE THE BEST.'W-'IRI Jk S MJ8>mMAmp 0>- -i.

X.jS>-^=^3 or j». O.!?*»»•,7.7^^ WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS 'V* AND ALD KINDS OFBEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

^f^ /.WaIl Papers,. Feathers, Baby CarriagesJ WHOLESr.E AND RETAIL.

o Jienmi £)mwoo<fe§j^ 1237 TO 1243 FIRST SOUTH STBEET, SftlT iftXE GITY.

^Wp t:

V z.c.m.i.

Jfr "»7i..

z&F ^nmnniiu^ William Sanokrs, Manacer.

Wvv'cnrvrvvvvv"v-irrvvirirr'7vv

OFFERS A WHOLESALE AND F>Er?AIL, FULL LIME OF se q$x$ and $hoeS,"°?£^Zl£ %T Champion Monitor, Charter Oak, and other

Heating and Cooking STOVES.

SCHOOL AND BLANK SBOOKS, STATIONERY, INK.

ETC., ETC.

r v;3as&«3rnJ^js?-saseOTjj3s?i^.^

Iffr SI JJj 31 j TOO A w;i*j.'ft 98 W '« OCTESAL MMAW3B, OPPOSITE E3 O.

2-OC.

I.

sBsagBiiat5a«i«gntsa^tMiBBasaife»MWgaaaii«a8^^,,,„,,.-, pawesifflftsss TRUE MERIT HAS GTVEN Am I 'C OflPilltll THHftf.6 yyiwinifi kuuHi The Largest Sale of any Tobacco in the Work], fOR PLEASURE, COMFCRT.HEALTH,,- SMOKE Ti-?AANUFACTURED ONLY BY ^JT.BL&CKriKLL 2S Co.

For Sale by all the Stores of the Z.

O. M.

I.

Tla.e OeleToratecL Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, Chareoal, CokePig Iron, Wood.

SEWO YOUR ORDERS TO 145 Main St., Next Door to Barratt Bros.

Telephone 211.

GET YOUR TICKETS EAST.

VIAThe Scenic Route of America.

QUICK TIME, SAFE and PLEASANT OARS.

B®°"Close Connections with all Points East and South.

OFFICE: E Ess! TeiDleifH ill % Salt Lake

City.

^"""'•"•«v„In relation to The people of Utahl.

are serosa *>Sy united 3, in.prefering ttiose \.

made at ^1 - 4(411/0/1,n*!"''".""*,« w?

J *"'»4««aMlil«'J,W SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Branu.

EL/AS MORRIS, I AW Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and COMRACTOB, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

fk Seymour & Yoirag, Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

DAVID JAMES & 00., Fliuntorsj tars, Sas and to Fitters.

'Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes,

J±2<T2D SHEET XiEjft_X).

Office and Worty Shop, 87 and 69 Main St

RANT BROS., First Class Feed, Sale and Livery Stables:

-»•

-OIS>- *«>- -»-- BUGGIES, CARRIAGES AND EXCURSION WAGONS TURNED OUT IN THE BEST STYLE.

p^,Hjtai^J2S*, *E Specialty JVCade of Improve Your Slock, and let Us Handle Them.

fMBttnor lukm ssui flfci nana—I cxAsW

Kar nb ana kbki guasv Nftxxn&A fwfe-iranJ ^W <^

Second South Street.

SALT LAKE CITY.

9> 13) HJ |/ ini p^ i Every Description of STAPLE AND FANCY DRY GOODS, CARPETS, CLOTHING, BOOTS AND SHOES.

MlfS ud SmOOB BOOBS Coaitutij Amhmi rap =.t\—» /fc=

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VII.

APRIL, 1886.

No.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

VII.

Whether it was the fear of popular sentiment, or the approach of Zion's Camp that awed the Jackson County mob into suggesting a peaceable adjustment of their difficulties with the Saints, we cannot say.

Perhaps both considerations had their weight.

At any rate the month of May, 1834, found them suggesting to Governor Dunklin, through some influential gentlemen of Clay County, the propriety of dividing

Jackson County so that the old settlers and the Saints could occupy separate territory, and confine themselves within their respective limits, with the exception of the public right of ingress and egress upon the highway.

This plan of settling the Jackson County trouble was suggested by Colonel J. Thornton, and concurred in by Messrs. Reese, Atchison and Doniphan.

Their communication brought out a reply from the Governor in which he expressed his pleasure at these gentlemen making an effort to bring about a compromise of the Jackson

County difficulties.

He told them had he not been afraid of embarrassing himself by an official interposition, he should have exerted himself to have brought about a compromise even before then; but he was fearful of traveling out of the strict line of his duty as the chief executive of the State, should he do so.

Said he: "My first advice would be to the Mormons to sell out their lands in Jackson County, and to settle somewhere else, where they could live in peace, provided they could get a fair price for their lands, and reasonable damages for injuries received.

If this failed, I would try the citizens, and advise them to meet and rescind their illegal resolves of last summer, and agree to conform to the laws in every particular, in respect to the Mormons."

Should success attend neither of these plans, he would then try the plan of dividing the county as suggested by Colonel Thornton.

"If all these failed,"said the Governor, "then the simple question of legal right would have to settle it.

It is this last that I am afraid I shall have to conform my action to in the end;"and from the whole tenor of this communication, we learn that even the Governor understood,• that the "simple question of legal right"would reinstate the Saints on the lands from which they had been driven.

Here is an extract from the letter that confirms this statement:

"A more clear and indisputable right does not exist, than that the Mormon people who were expelled from their homes in Jackson County, should return and live on their lands; and if they cannot be persuaded as a matter of policy, to give up that right, or to qualify it, my course as the chief executive officer of the State is a plain one. * The Constitution of the United States declares:

'that the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States.'

Then we cannot interdict any people, who have a political franchise in the United States, from emigrating to this State, nor from choosing what part of the State they will settle in, provided they

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

do not trespass on the property or rights of others.

And again, our Constitution says, 'that all men have a natural and indefeasable right to worship

Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience.'I am fully persuaded that the eccentricity of the religious opinions and practices of the Mormons, is at the bottom of the outrages committed against them. They have the right constitutionally guaranteed to them, and it is indefeasible, to believe and worship Joe Smith as a?nan, an angel or even as the only true aud living God, and to call their habitation Zion, the Holy Land, or even Heaven itself.

Indeed there is nothing so absurd or ridiculous that they have not a right to adopt as their religion, so that in its exercise, they do not interfere with the rights of others."Surely this is a liberal statement of the rights and privileges of the Latter-day Saints,and,indeed, of any other people for the rights, privileges, and immunities of the Saints are no more than those belonging to other people—certainly they are no less.

Still the governor was loath to perform what he admits to be his plain duty in restoring the Mormons to their homes.

Indeed, he at length refused to do it.

Fearing that in executing the law, by returning the

Saints to their homes, he would involve the county in a civil war.

He came the easier to this conclusion, doubtless, because the sufferers were an unpopular religious community.

But if the execution of law must be abandoned because the violators of it threaten to resist the execution of laws, which would repair the mischief done the weaker party—or because a reckless mob led by desperate men boast that if the law is enforced they will plunge the country into civil war—what a burlesque on government have we here!

On the tenth of June, 1834, the district judge, John F. Ryland, wrote a letter to

Elder A.

S.

Gilbert, asking him to use his influence in gathering his brethren at Liberty, in Clay County, on the sixteenth of the month;

saying that he expected to meet a delegation of citizens from Jackson County there, and he was desirous of giving his views upon the present situation of the parties concerned in the Jackson troubles, with the hope of bringing about a peaceable adjustment of them.

This letter was read in a public meeting of the Saints, and a respectful answer given, promising that as many of the Saints as conveniently could attend the meeting on the sixteenth, would be present. Knowing there had been some talk about the propriety of the Saints selling out their lands in Jackson County, and fearing the judge would advise them to do so, the brethren took occasion to say in this communication that no such proposition could possibly be acceded to by the Saints;

and concluded by saying, "Home is home, and we want possession of our homes from which we have been wickedly expelled—and those rights which belong to us as native, freeborn citizens of the United States."

About one thousand people were in attendance at the meeting at the court house in Liberty on the sixteenth of June; and among them were many of the brethren and a deputation of citizens from Jackson County, who made the following proposition for the settlement of the Jackson difficulties:

The people of Jackson County will buy all the land the Mormons own in the county of Jackson, and also all the improvements which the Mormons had on any of the public lands as they existed before the first disturbance between the people of Jackson and the Mormons, and for such improvements as they have made since:

The valuation of the land and improvements, shall be ascertained by three disinterested arbitrators to be chosen and agreed upon by both parties;

should the parties disagree in the choice of arbitrators, then is to choose them:

Twelve Mormons shall be permitted to go along with the arbitrators to show them their lands and improvements while they are being valued; and any other Mormons may accompany the arbitrators whom they may desire, to give them information;

and the people of

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

Jackson guarantee their entire safety while doing so:

When the arbitrators report the value of the land and improvements, the people of Jackson will pay the valuation, with one hundredper cent, added thereon to the Mormons, within thirty days thereafter;

the Mormons are to agree not to make any effort ever after to settle, either collectively or individually within the limits of Jackson Connty; and are to enter into bonds to insure the conveyance of their lands in Jackson County, according to these terms, when the payment shall be made;

and the committee will enter into a like bond, with such security as shall be sufficient, for the payment of the money according to this proposition.

While the arbitrators are investigating and deciding upon the matters referred to them, the Mormons are not to attempt to enter into Jackson County, or to settle there, except such as are by these propositions permitted to go there: Or The people of Jackson will sell all their lands and improvements on public lands in Jackson County to the Mormons, the valuation to be obtained in the same manner, the same per cent to be added, and thirty days allowed for payment as in our proposition to buy:

the Mormons to give good security for the payment of the money, and this delegation will give security that the land will be conveyed to the Mormons.

All parties to remain as they are till the payment is made, at which time, the people of Jackson will give possession.*

After these propositions were submitted to the meeting, a number of speeches were made in which much bitterness was manifested against the Saints.

The Rev. M.

Riley, a Baptist minister, said:

"The Mormons have lived long enough in Clay County; and they must either clear out, or be cleared out."

To which the chairman of the meeting, Mr. Turnham, replied "Let us be republicans, let us honor our country, and not disgrace it like Jackson County.

For God's sake don't * Abridged from Mill. Star, VoL xv, p. 81.

disfranchise or drive away the Mormons.

They are better citizens than many of the old inhabitants."General Doniphan:—"That's a fact, and as the Mormons have armed themselves, if they don't fight they are cowards.

I love to hear that they have brethren coming to their assistance.

Greater love can no man show, than he who lays down his life for his brother."

Cries of "adjourn"and "no, no, go on"were now heard, mingled with curses loud and deep, and the ominous gleaming of knives, and cocking of pistols;

to add to the excitement a man by the door yelled out—"A man stabbed!"

At this, those in the court room rushed out to learn what had happened.

It turned out that a blacksmith by the name of Calbert had stabbed a man by the name of Wales, who had boasted of having whipped many of the Mormons—one of which had nearly lost his life through the injuries received.

The wound was dangerous, but the meeting broke up without further bloodshed.

In the midst of this excitement, a few of the brethren retired and addressed a communication to the Jackson County delegation,to the effectthat their proposition for a settlement of the Jackson difficulties should be presented to the Saints, and an answer to it should be handed to Judge Turnham by the twentieth, sooner if possible.

The brethren assured the Jackson delegation that peace was what they desired, and promised to use all their influence to establish it, and disclaimed any design to commence hostilities against the inhabitants of Jackson County; and further pledged themselves to use their influence to prevent the large company of their men (Zion's Camp) then enroute for Missouri going into Jackson County until the citizens of Jackson should receive an authoritative answer to their proposition to "buy or sell."

The Jackson delegation in a very bad humor, started for Independence.

One of the leaders, James Campbell, as he adjusted his pistols in their holsters exciaimed: "The eagles and buzzards shall eat my flesh, if I don't fix Joe Smith and his army (meaning Zion's Camp) so that

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

their skins won't hold shucks before two days are passed."They went to Ducker's ferry and started to cross the

Missouri, but when about the middle of the river, their boat suddenly went down as if made of lead.

There was no storm—the river was calm, and no natural explanation could be given for the sinking of the boat.

Joseph declares that the angel of the Lord sank it* Indeed the circumstances are such as to go very far toward strengthing the statement.

It is supposed that about twelve men were in the boat, and of this number sevenf were drowned.

Of the number drowned the names of three are all that have been learned Ike Job,—Everett and James Campbell.

The body of Campbell was found about three weeks after the occurrence, on a pile of drift-wood, some four or five miles below where the boat sank, by a Mr.

Purtle.

But little more than the skeleton of the man remained.

His flesh had been eaten by the eagles and buzzards.

His fate points a fearful warning to those who raise their hands against God's anointed.

It gives us reason to believe that the day is not distant when the command of Jehovah "Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm"—must be obeyed.

The fate of Owens was more ludicrous.

He floated down the stream until he landed on an island, where he remained all night.

The next morning he stripped off his clothes and swam ashore and laid down by the side of a log, close to the road. A lady passing on horse-back, learning of his condition dropped him her shawl to cover his nakedness, until he could secure clothing.

Having now related the principal events connected with the meeting held at Liberty, we must consider the propositions made by the Jackson people to the Saints, for the peaceful adjustment of their dffficulties:

To have the * Mill. Star, Vol. xv, p. 83.

f Joseph states that seven were drowned, see History of Joseph Smith, Millennial Star, volume xv;

p.

83);

but the History of Clay County, published in St. Louis by the National

Historical Society, says that only five were drowned.

B. H, R, lands owned by the Saints and the improvements thereon valued by disinterested arbitrators, and the amount paid with one hundred per cent, added within thirty days, looks like a very fair proposition; but still the Saints could not accept such terms; as the condition upon which the proposition was made required the surrender of some of their rights as citizens of the United States and freemen.

The Constitution of the United States says expressly:

"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several

States."* The Saints were citizens of the United States, possessing all the rights and franchises thereof, and they had a right—an indefeasible one too—to settle in whatever State they saw proper to choose for their abode—and they had a right to settle in whatever part of the

State pleased them best; and, as Governor Dunklin admitted, they had a right to call their habitation "Zion, the Holy

Land, or Heaven itself,"so long as in doing so, they interfered not with the property and rights of others. To accept the proposition of the Jackson people then, and bind themselves never again to make any effort to settle collectively or individually within the limits of Jackson

County, would be a surrender of their dearest rights of citizenship—and would be permitting mobocrats, and murderers to dictate them in the exercise of their liberties—binding not only themselves, but their children as well, to the dictum of these wretches—to accept such a settlement of their troubles, would have been a covenant with death—an agreement with hell To their honor be it said, they spurned the proposition with the contempt it deserved.

But the surrender of some of their rights as citizens of the United States was not the only difficulty involved in the settlement of the Jackson troubles by the Saints selling their possessions. God had revealed it to them that Jackson County was the place where is to be built the Zion of their God.

For them to sell their lands then, and agree never after to make a settlement there collectively or individ- * Const.

Art. IV, Section 2.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

ually, would be a denial of their faith and bring upon them the displeasure of their God.

For them to sell their lands was entirely out of the question.

But the mob offered not only to buy, but to sell upon the same conditions that they proposed to buy.

Why did not the Saints accept this offer? Simply because they could not, and the citizens of Jackson knew very well they could not. The old settlers of Jackson owned many times more the amount of land than was possessed by the Saints, say thirty acres to one.

The Saints were not wealthy to begin with;

and now, after they had been driven away from their homes, robbed of their goods, their cattle driven away, their houses, stables, and stacks of grain burned, they are asked to buy nearly the whole of Jackson County, for which they must pay double price because they were to add one hundred percent, to the appraised value—in thirty days.

I don't believe the people of Jackson County were sincere in making the proposition.

They knew the Saints could not sell their lands without surrendering many of their rights as free men and citizens of the United States;

and without being untrue to their God, by virtually denying their faith in the revelations He had given regarding the building up of Zion in Jackson County.

This the old settlers knew the Mormons would not do.

They had tried to whip and frighten too many of them into a denial of their religious convictions to think for one moment that money would be any inducement for them to deny that faith.

On the other hand, they determined to put the price of their own land beyond the possibility of the Saints purchasing it.

The whole scheme was concocted with a view of covering up their damnable outrages against the Saints, under an appearance of fairness.

"In the corrupted currents of this world, where Offense's gilded hand may shove by justice,"where hypocrisy is often mistaken for piety, and cunning for fairness, the subterfuge may have served its purpose; but when the wretches who have murdered the Saints and plundered them of their goods shall stand before the bar of God, they will rind their refuge of deceit will not shield them from the justice of Him who has declared "vengeance is mine, I will repay!"The Saints refused to accept the terms of settlement made by the people of Jackson, but they themselves proposed terms of adjustment, as follows:

Twelve disinterested men were to be chosen, six by the Saints, six by the people of Jackson County.

These twelve men were to say what the possessions of those men were worth that would not consent to live with the Saints, and they should receive the money for the same in one year from the time the treaty was made, none of the Saints to enter Jackson County to reside until the money was paid.

This same company of twelve men was to be empowered to say what the damage was which the Saints sustained in being driven from their homes and in the destruction of their property, the said amount allowed for damages to be deducted from the amount paid for the lands of those who would not consent to live with the Saints.

The only reply received to this proposition was in a letter from S. C. Owens to

Mr. Amos Reese, which plainly said the

Jackson people would do nothing like the proposition made by the Saints, and here the hopes of settling the Jackson County troubles, by arbitration, ended.

The work accomplished by the Prophet

Joseph was considerable during his stay in Missouri.

On the first of July, with a few of the brethren, he crossed the Missouri into Jackson County, "Once more,"as he remarked, "to set my toot on this 'goodly land.'"What contending emotions would be awakened by such a visit!

There, just west of the court house in Independence, three years before, he had assembled with his brethren, and dedicated a site lor the temple of the Lord.

Now and then they would come to the ruined homes of the

Saints, or, if preserved from the hands of the spoiler, it was that they might shelter some land pirate who had driven away the rightful owner.

Now in vision he might, for a moment, see the future glory of Zion—then he would weep to

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

think of the Saints stripped of all their earthly goods, and in the midst of strangers whose bond of friendship was not strong.

On the third of July a High Council was organized by him; of which David

Whitmer was made President, and W.

W. Phelps and John Whitmer, counsellors.

This Council proceeded to discuss a variety of subjects pertaining to the situation of the Saints.

They made a direct appeal to the people of the United

States, and to mankind everywhere stating their wrongs and imploring their assistance in securing and maintaining their rights.

They declared their devotion to the laws of their country, and their faith in God, and the final establishment of Zion in Jackson County, and expressed a desire to be at peace with all mankind* This High Council investigated some matters arising between the members the Church, of setting the Church in Missouri in order generally.

On the twelfth of July the Council appointed Edward Partridge, Orson Pratt, Isaac Morley, and Zebedee Coltrin to visit the afflicted and scattered brethren in Missouri.

They were not to hold public meetings, as that would arouse too much popular prejudice; but they were to work quietVy, setting the Saints in order and teaching them the way of holiness, as the Lord by His spirit might direct.

Subsequently a few Elders were sent out to hold public meetings, "to teach the disciples how to escape the indignation of their enemies, and keep in favor with those who were friendly disposed."On the seventh of August the Council sent out about twenty Elders to preach the Gospel to the world; and thus in these trying circumstances, these faithful men continued to preach the Gospel of Christ restored to the earth.

In the mean time—Joseph and a few of his brethren who had accompanied him had arrived in Kirtland; having left the brethren in Missouri on the ninth of July.

On his return to Kirtland, he was charged with being a "tyrant, pope,

Hist. J. S., Mill. Star, Vol. xv, p. 121.

king, usurper of men, false prophet, prophesying lies in the name of the Lord, taking consecrated moneys,"etc., etc.

"A catalogue,"said Joseph, "as black as the author of it."But High Council meetings were called, investigations were had, the accusers were brought face to face with the accused the character of God's prophet was vindicated, his accusers were made to hang their heads in shame, and in the most public manner make known their errors so that shortly the prophet was,as he himself stated it—"swimming in good clear water, with his head out."No sooner had these difficulties been settled, than he again turned his attention to Zion.

On the eleventh of August, 1834, he wrote the brethren in Missouri concerning what had befallen him in

Kirtland, and also requested that another petition he written such as the High Council would approve, asking the governor of Missouri to call on the President of the United States to furnish a guard to protect the Saints in their homes in Jackson County, from the insults and violence of the mob.

Copies of this petition were to be placed in the hands of the Elders going on missions through the United States, and every effort was to be made to get signers;

"That peradventure,"wrote Joseph,"we may learn whether we have friends or not in these United States."Lyman Wight was instructed to enter complaints to Governor Dunklin as often as he should receive insults or injuries; and should mobs take life or burn houses, and the people of Clay County refuse to protect the Saints, he was to collect the little army, be set over into Jackson, and do the best he could in maintaining the ground.

If the excitement continued to abate, then the

Saints were to gather quietly together in the regions surrounding, and be in "readiness to move into Jackson County in two years from the eleventh of September next, {1836), which is the appointed timefor the redemption of Zion.

If_v erily I say unto you—If the Church, with one united effort, perform their duties—if they do this, the work shall

THE MISSOLRI PERSECUTIONS.

be complete."* If, on the other hand, the Church failed to gather up the young men and means to redeem Zion by the appointed time, "Behold,"said the prophet, "there remaineth a scourge for the Church, even that they shall be driven from city to city, and but few shall remain to receive an inheritance."!

For the next two years, the Prophet and his brethren were busily engaged in setting in order the various quorums of the Priesthood.

It was during the winter of 1834—5 that the First Presidency, quorum of Twelve Apostles, and first quorum of Seventies were organized, being chosen principally from among those brethren who had gone up to Missouri in Zion's Camp.

But amid the busy scenes at Kirtland—while organizing these quorums and instructing them in the duties of their respective callings—attending the school for the Eiders studying Hebrew under Professor Sexias—translating the rolls of Egyptian papyrus purchased from M. H. Chandler—attending to general duties and correspondence—Joseph still had time to think of Zion and her redemption.

On the occasion of a large body of the Priesthood being present on the second of May, 1835, he moved that they never give up the struggle for the redemption of

Zion, so long as life should last.

September following, the High Council met at the house of Joseph Smith to take into consideration the redemption of Zion.

It was the decision of the council that the Saints who had been expelled from Zion, petition the Governor of the

State to reinstate them the following spring, and they would either live or die on their lands, and Joseph prayed that they might be successful in getting eight hundred or athousand emigrants to go up to settle in Zion; and still later, viz: Thirteenth of March, 1836, the First Presidency resolved to remove on or before the fifteenth of May next to Zion; that their influence might be more effectual in encouraging the Saints to gather there.

But events of a strange character

History of Joseph, Mill. Star, Vol. xv, p.

140.

f Ibid.

were to occur that would prevent the carrying out of these resolutions.

The Saints did not comply with the conditions upon which Zion was to be redeemed.

They did not with a united effort do their duty.

They did not give of their means liberally, nor did their young men volunteer readily to go up to Zion.

Hence, they were not entitled to the fulfillment of God's promise to redeem Zion;

but instead of this blessing, there was suspended over them the promised scourge of being driven from city to city, because they failed to keep the commandments.

A scourge that has been executed to the uttermost—

but we will not anticipate the reader.

The petitions the Elders circulated throughout the States in their travels, asking the people to petition the Governor of Missouri to reinstate the Saints in their homes, met with a response that was considerable.

I cannot learn how many names were attached to this petition, but when it was mailed on the ninth of December, 1835, the package was large, the postage amounting to five dollars.

But all these efforts failed to move the State officials to make any effectual effort towards restoring the outraged Latter-day Saints to their own and protecting them in the quiet possession of their property and lives.

The leading citizens of Clay County assembled at the Court House in Liberty on the twenty-ninth of June, 1S36, to consider the difficulties threatening the people of Clay County in consequence of the presence of the Mormons.

After the usual organization at such meetings, the committee on resolutions reported a document that briefly stated the circumstances under which the Saints flocked into Clay County; without money; without property;

without food for their wives and children;

and, like Noah's dove, without a resting place for their feet; and how the people of Clay County in face of the thousand reports accusing them of every crime known to the laws of the country, had treated them with toleration, and often with peculiar kindness.

The document refers to the statements of the Saints who had said

THE MISS0LR1 PERSECUTIONS.

they did not regard Clay County as their permanent home, but merely as a temporary asylum which they would promptly leave whenever a respectable portion of the citizens of Clay County should request it; and now the best interest of the County demanded the fulfillment of this pledge.

The reasons why the Saints had become objects of hatred and detestation to many of the citizens of Clay County, are stated to be:

i. Their religious tenets were so different from the present churches of the age, that this always had and always would excite deep prejudice against them in any populous country where they might locate:

2. They were eastern men whose manners, habits, customs, and even dialect were essentially different from the Missourians:

3. They were non-s\ave holders, and opposed to slavery, which excited deep and abiding prejudices in a community which tolerated and protected slavery.

4. Common report had it that they kept up a constant communication with the Indian tribes on the frontier; and declared from the pulpit that the Indians were a part of God's chosen people, destined by heaven to inherit with them the land of Missouri.

"We do not vouch for the correctness of these statements,"said the committee in their report, "but whether they are true or false, their effect has been the same in exciting our community."

The causes named are represented as having raised a prejudice against the Saints, and a feeling of hostility, that the first spark might and the committee deeply feared would, ignite into all the horrors of and desolations of a civil war, and it was therefore, Resolved:

"That it is the fixed and settled conviction of this meeting, that unless the people commonly called Mormons, will agree to stop immediately the immigration of their people to this country, and take measures to remove themselves from it, a civil war is inevitable.""We do not contend,"said the committee, that we have the least right under the constitution and laws of the country, to expel them by force.

But we would indeed be blind, if we did not foresee that the first blow that is struck at this moment of deep excitement, must and will speedily involve every individual in a war, bearing ruin, woe, and desolation in its course.

It matters but little how, where, or by whom the war may begin, when the work of destruction commences, we must all be borne onward by the storm, or crushed beneath its fury."The Saints were told that if they had one spark of gratitude they would not willingly plunge a people into civil war, who had held out to them the friendly hand of assistance in the dark hour of their distress.

A committee of ten were appointed to present these views to the leading Elders among the Mormons with the understanding that if the Mormons would consent to move as requested, the gentlemen who had called the meeting, and asked them to leave Clay County, would use all their influence to allay the excitement among the citizens of the county.

The reply of the Saints to the request to remove from Clay County was adopted at a general mass meeting.

In their reply the Saints express their appreciation of the kindness shown them by the people of Clay County:

Deny having any disposition to meddle with slavery.

They also denied holding any communication with the Indians, and said they held themselves as ready to defend their country against their barbarous ravages as any other people.

After making these denials they resolved:

"For the sake of friendship, and to be in a covenant of peace with the citizens of Clay County, and they to be in a covenant of peace with us, notwithstanding the necessary loss of property, and expense we incur in moving, we comply with the requisitions of their resolutions in leaving the county of Clay, as explained by the preamble accompanying the same; and that we will use our exertions to have the Church do the same."

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

It appears that the committee who had presented the resolutions of the Clay County citizens, had tendered their services to assist the Saints in selecting a new location, and the Saints resolved to accept their assistance.

The reply from the Saints was perfectly satisfactory to the people of Clay County, and they made some arrangements to assist the Saints in complying with their request;

that is, two persons from each township were appointed to raise money by subscription to aid the Mormons who might need assistance to leave the county, and also arrange for some suitable person to assist them in selecting a new location for settlement; and recommend the Mormons to the good treatment of the citizens in surrounding counties, and ask them to assist the Mormons in selecting some abiding place for their people, where they would be, in a measure, the only occupants;

and where none would be anxious to molest them.

On the twenty-fifth of July, 1834, the Saints received a letter from Governor Dunklin that was the funeral knell to their hopes of executive interference in their behalf. He informed them their cases were individual cases, and as such, were subjects for judicial interference, and not for the special cognizance of the executive.

"And there are cases, some times, of individual outrage which may be so popular as to render the actions of the courts of justice nugatory, in endeavoring to afford a remedy.

A public sentiment may become paramount law, and when one man, or society of men become so obnoxious to that sentiment, as to determine the people to be rid of him or them, it is usless to run counter to it.

Your neighbors accuse your people of holding illicit communication with the

Indians, and of being opposed to slavery you deny.

Whether the charge or the denial is true I cannot tell.

The fact exists, and your neighbors seem to believe it true; and whether true or false.the consequences will be the same, unless you can, by your conduct and arguments, convince them of your innocence.

If you cannot do this, all / can say to you is, that in this republic the vox populi is the vox Dei.". What a mockery then is such a government Under it none may hope to enjoy liberty but those who are willing to swim in the stream of popular sentiment—a stream oftener filthy than clean!

How precarious is the hold of the inhabitants of such a government upon their liberties—dependent upon the changing whims of the populace—the populace, which "to-day will weep a Caesar slain;

to-morrow vote a monument to Brutus!"

Under such a government what is to become of Reformers?

Perhaps the fate of Reformers of other ages, who have fallen victims to the hatred of popular sentiment will answer the question.

What is to become of the weaker parties if all are to be crushed or banished that popular sentiment condemns? For what are governments established if not to protect all, the weak as well as the strong, the despised as well as the favored, in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness?

What do constitutions amount to if they are not recognized as conservators of liberty, by acting as restraints upon these rash acts of injustice, so frequently prompted by the frenzy of popular sentiment—a sentiment often manufactured by a misrepresentation of the principles and motives of those against whom the injustice is aimed.

It may be held that in popular governments the constitutions and laws enacted in accordance therewith, are but the expressions of popular sentiment. Grant it.

But the popular"sentiment as expressed in constitutions and laws, is very different from that expressed by an excited populace, not unfrequently controlled by demagogues.

Popular sentiment is often created by intemperate speeches, and sustained by misrepresentation.

But the popular sentiment as expressed by laws and constitutions is arranged in the legislative hall, where right reason has a chance to assist in forming the sentiment; and where a decent respect to the long established maxims of justice and liberty will be taken

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

into consideration, and will influence the legislature in forming the rules for the action of the people.

When popular sentiment is expressed in constitutions and laws, and they are enforced, the citizens are, in a measure at least, secure from oppression and sudden destruction;

but what guarantee have the people against injustice being done, if an inconsiderate, frenzied popular sentiment is to be enforced—a sentiment that falsehood creates and that passion directs?

None whatever.

And when the citizens of the American Republic regard the prejudiced and excited voice of the populace as the voice of God—as Governor Dunklin of Missouri did—let them prepare to bid an everlasting farewell to liberty

And when liberty with bowed head and bursting heart is led into captivity—then then let life depart also! For better is the silence arid gloom of the grave than life without liberty.

B. H.

Roberts.

Music is the only sensual gratification which men may indulge in to excess without injury to their moral or religious feelings.

Addison.

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT.* Under civil government may be defined the rights of individuals and their relations to other citizens of the State.

It pertains to organized society reduced to harmony, and subject to control; and has reference to the exercise of authority in regulating, directing and restraining.

As found grouped into families, where children are subject to parents, society appears to be the natural state of man, in which, under proper regulations, he should enjoy all the rights that can be enjoyed in any state of nature.

"The constitution of man in his entire nature, would seem to indicate, that it is the intention of his Maker that he shall live under government.

History testifies that such has been the case from the beginning.

In every age and in every part of the earth, men whether savage or civilized, have lived together in families, tribes and nations.

Civil society would thus seem to be a universal fact."

I have nowhere found a more perfect expression of the objects of civil government than that announced in the enacting clause of our National Constitution.

It is as follows: "We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the gen- * Delivered, April 3, 1686.

eral welfare and secure the blessings of liberty, for ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."Definite and exact in expression, broad and extensive in purpose, we find. this not only embracing safety, justice, tranquility, and the general welfare of the Union and all its people, but the blessings of liberty for themselves and also for their posterity.

Such were the express ends, to secure which the people of the United

States ordained and established the National Constitution, which we may regard as the greatest known charter of human liberty, as well as the most ably formulated basis for civil government extant.

It was designed to be a government of the people, for the people and by the people; seeking ends that all governments, whatever, are under moral obligations and divine requirement to seek.

No government ought ever to be established for the good of the few, to the hurt of the many.

They should be established with the view of benefiting the ruled, rather than with the view of advancing the power of rulers, who, in all purely human governments, have, in every age, manifested a disposition to centralize, become aggressive, and often to oppress.

Because of this tendency it has been asserted that man surrenders his individual rights in order to

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

form the basis for civil government.

This is not true.

It is an assertion, founded in selfishness.

In society, and, under the safeguards of a generous and wisely-formed government, man should freely exercise and enjoy every natural and individual right that could possibly be exercised and enjoyed by him in any natural state.

The object of government should be to extend, not curtail men's rights.

Referring to our own government, Andrews, in his Manual of the Constitution says:

"Civil authority is of divine origin, and it is lodged in the peolpe.

It is held in the nation as a whole, and not by them as individuals.

Society is not a congress of sovereigns.

The power of society does not come from the individual members, but it belongs to the nation, as such.

The nation receives it from God, as a parent receives from God his right to govern His child.

It may be thought that the theory of lodging the civil authority in the people as a whole, would lead to social despotism.

As, in the other case, the rights claimed for the individual would make government an impossibility;

so, here, the right claimed for the people, as a whole, would destroy all the rights of the individual citizen.

But although the sovereignty is in the people collectively;

they have no right to exercise any authority which God has not bestowed upon them. The parent has no right to govern his child, except for the child's good;

neither has the nation any right to do any thing which is not for the good of the people.

Each member of the community has inalienable rights with which society has no right to interfere."

Some rights come from the State, as such;

many, do not, but belong to man as man.

"Humanly speaking the sovereignty of the nation is in the people collectively, but this sovereignty is not absolute;

it must be exercised in subordination to a higher power which recognizes the dignity, and worth of the human being."The United States, having no political superior, is sovereign. But its sovereignty is in the State and not in the government of the State.

We hear much in these times from some who boast loudly of their loyalty, about the "sovereignty of the United States government."There is no such thing as government sovereignity contemplated, or provided for, in our National Constitution. Under our form of government sovereignty is in the people collectively constituting the

State, and not in the body of men who, for the time being, are invested by them^ with civil authority.

I would have students of this school keep this important fact well in mind, because we hear so much lately about the sovereign will of the national government.

Utah's present executive is, I believe, largely given to the use of this erroneous assertion.

Officials in whose selection the people have no voice, and to whom they are not amenable, usually entertain exalted ideas of the powers of government, imagining perhaps, that the people were made for governments, and not governments for the people.

Broad in scope and farreaching in intent, if '.there is one fact better established than another in this country, it is the fact that sovereignty in these United States, is vested in the/^6>- /5>/d?,and not in tho^e upon whom they have placed temporary authority to govern.

Our organic law is supreme. We speak of it as "the Constitution of the United

States."It is not that; but is, as expressed by its writers, a constitution "ordained and established for the United States of America,"by the people.

Thus, while the government under the restrictions of the organic law may enact general measures, it has no authority to change the Constitution in the least degree;

nor can it invalidate its least provision without endangering the safeguards of liberty by treading on the re-. served rights of the people.

The distinction between the powers of the nation on the one hand, and those of the government, or agency of the people on the other, are of vast importance, and should, in times of aggression, when powers trend to centralization and usurpation, be guarded with jealous care by all lovers of freedom.

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

I mention these things with an earnest desire to impress them upon your minds, believing the time not distant, when a knowledge of them, accompanied by the disposition and ability to maintain the sacred provisions of our nation's supreme law, will be exceedingly valuable.

Not many-years ago I heard a member of Congress, in open debate, declare, that "necessity in this country knew no Constitution, and never did!"The utterance might have been regarded as the expression of a fool whose sayings were entitled to no weight; but when endorsed, as they were, by the rapturous applause of the Republican side of the house, they indicated unmistakably the growing tendency to ignore the Constitution or trample unblushingly upon its inhibitions. Kindred to the above assertion, of an oath-violating law-maker, is the statement said to have been made by a certain somewhat notorious United States senator from Vermont—whose Puritan piety is only equaled by hisanti- "Mormon"animosity—to the effect that "this country had known, during the past fifty years, no Constitution other than that of public opinion."As interpreted, I presume, by himself and party.

If the honorable senator made such an assertion—and the provisions of certain unwarranted measures introduced in the

Senate by him and bearing his name, would seem to indicate such to be his sentiments, he is in error; though possibly • viciously,rather than ignorantly so. If the honorable senator has the ability claimed for him as a Constitutional lawyer, he should know, and undoubtedly does know, that "public opinion"—unexpressed by amendment provided for, and in the manner prescribed in the national organic law itself—is no more the Constitution of these United States, than would be the opinion of South Sea islanders.

If the sovereign people of this country would pause long enough to reflect upon, and grasp the full meaning, and revolutionary intent of such statements, they would unhesitatingly, and 'promptly relegate to private life, those daring to utter them.

The violation of constitutional provisions on the plea of expediency must ever be attended with bad results.

If, in the opinion of the people, they be thought inadequate, let them be altered or amended in the legitimate way, for Washington declared the ignoring, violating or trampling under foot of Constitutional law, to be the means used by traitors, to destroy free government.

The right of the people, in the legitimate manner, to alter the Constitution, in order to make it harmonize with public opinion, is recognized by all well informed people; but every lover of his country should deny and contest the right of statesmen and demagogues, to trample upon any of its provisions until so changed.

It is supreme, and for the safety of the Union, must be so regarded by all.

The government of the United States is a complex political science based on the broadest human comprehension of man's natural, inalienable and acquired rights.

By previously untried means, it seeks to secure and perpetuate just and wise rule.

It is not, on the one hand, a consolidated republic, nor on the other, a league of States.

Occupying the ground between the two, the American people constitute a nation with a liberal form of government, the character of which, is clearly defined by the National

Constitution; but the country is marked by divisions called States, each having a constitution made by the people of that political division; while those of the entire nation—except residents of Territories—enact the general Constitution.

Beyond the limits of a State its organic law has no force.

Within the State it is equally supreme with the National Constitution, which operates throughout the

Union.

Between them there can be no conflict, because their origin is the same;

nor is one, as some have supposed, intended as a check and balance on the other.

The confederation of States, demonstrated by experience, that a supreme national government could have no existence under a simple league.

On the other hand, State constitutions preclude the idea of a consolidated republic.

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

Again, were our government a simple democracy all laws would be enacted directly by the people; a thing perhaps impossible, with a nation of our present magnitude and numbers.

If, on the other hand, it were a simple republic we should have no laws except those enacted at the seat of government.

Thus in part, may be seen the complex intricacy of our system.

The National and State Constitutions are purely Democratic, because enacted directly by the people;

but the general laws of Congress are Republican because enacted by agents at the seat of government.

While the national supreme law everywhere recognizes the existence of the

States, with their separate constitutions and various departments, the late Civil War settled the fact that the American people form, by reason of their union, a nation.

The relation of States to the Union, has been compared to the relationship existing between a State and its counties.

The comparison, in almost every essential particular, is erroneous. The people of a county have no constitution, nor have they authority to form one.

They can do nothing politically, except as authorized by the State from which they receive all their powders. They can originate absolutely nothing.

The government and control of a county is, therefore, in form, more republican than democratic.

A State, in contra-distinction, can do any and everything politically not contravened by national law, because its powers, coming direct from the people, have original jurisdiction and law-making authority.

Thus, the State, in its relation to the national government, is less republican but more democratic than is the county, in its relations to the

State.

The nation, as such, and the thirteen original States began their existence on the same day—neither preceding, neither following.

Fathered by our patriot sires, their simultaneous birth as independent States, and as a compact union, was consummated by the signing of the

Declaration of American Independence.

From that day, though grouped as States, they have existed as a nation, and the Constitution, 'adopted in 1789, defined the powers of each.

The general and particular governments together, therefore, constitute the government of the United States.

The care of the former extends to the whole Union, and under certain conditions, is bound to afford protection to each State.

Every State in the Union has two constitutions—one local, the other general—

but one as much the organic law of the State as the other.

Before this system was organized a perfect union of the States did not exist; hence the formation "of a more perfect Union"was declared to be one of the objects sought by the writers of the

Constitution.

Every student of our national history is aware that their efforts did not prove fruitless, for harmony and good will prevailed, as between the States, for a number of years and would doubtless have continued to the end of time, if all the provisions of the Supreme law had been sacredly observed.

Had the suggestions—humane and generous—made by the Prophet Joseph Smith, been adopted and followed, the problem of slavery could have been solved constitutionally, and without the sacrifice of blood and untold treasure.

But "puritanic regulators"whose happiness consists in disturbing, as far as they have ability, the peace of the world, preferred to trample beneath their feet the fundamental law in order to accomplish, by force, their inhuman and cruel ends.

Under the British colonial system, justice had failed to meet the requirements of equity; and, as administered, was a snare and cheat to the people.

Such has, and always will be the case, where appointed autocrats rule, without the consent of the governed. Where common consent is ignored, the establishment of justice is impossible.

So felt our fathers when they pledged their fortunes, their sacred honor and their lives to secure American independence and local self-government. Many writers of eminence, among them the profound reasoner and modern philosopher, Herbert Spencer,hold the chief object of gov-

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

ernment to be, the common defense of its citizens; and passing beyond what is necessary to the accomplishment of that end, government enters an illegitimate sphere, thereby burdening the State with over-legislation.

The Constitution provides for the "common defense,"and under measures promoting "the general welfare,"the nation has expanded marvelously. Having secured, at great sacrifice, the blessings of liberty for themselves, what shall be said of those, seeking, under any pretext whatever, to thwart their expressed purpose, of extending like blessings to their posterity?

Are not such, wherever found, ingrates, false to the memory of the past, and dangerous to the hopes of the future?

In the space of a single lecture I shall not attempt even a brief review of the power and authority of the legislative, executive and judicial departments of our national government;

but in this will refer only to the former.

Clause ist Article ist of the Constitution declares that:

"All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives."

I emphasize the words "herein granted"because Congress now claims authority to legislate on matters over which the

Constitution gives it no jurisdiction whatever.

I am aware, that so-called Statesmen, of our day, frequently assert it to be too late to question the right of that national body to legislate, without restriction, for the government of the Territories;

because Congress has for years, and still continues with impunity to so legislate.

Any American citizen has the right, and is in duty bound, to question the exercise of unauthorized power, whether claimed by individuals or by a deparlment of the general government.

And I assert, without fear of successful contradiction, that the Constitution nowhere confers on Congress a shadow of authority upon which to base its claim of legislative jurisdiction over the inhabitants of the Territories.

Local self government, forms the chief corner stone of the American sytem, and if every citizen guarded human liberty with the same care and devotion as did the colonists, every attempt made in this country to exercise unauthorized power would be regarded as usurpation, and be resisted accordingly.

Article X of the amendments to the Constitution reads "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."Thus, beyond question, we find all power not conferred by the Constitution itself "reserved to the States respectively or to the people."Now as States have no jurisdiction beyond their own limits does it not follow that the right to govern themselves is among the "reserved"rights of the people of a Territory?

If this be the case, upon what assumption has Congress legislated for the government of the Territories at all?

As far as I have been able to learn the assumption has been based upon Clause 16 Sec.

8 Article i: and Clause 2 Sec. 3 Article 4 of the Constitution and the Ordinance of 1787 parsed by the Continental Congress for the government of the Territory west of the Ohio river.

Among other powers of Congress, Clause 16 Sec. 8 Article 1 conferred upon it authority to, "Exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may by cession of particular States and acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the government of the United States, and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the State, in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards and other needful buildings."Clause 2 Sec. 3 Article IV reads: "The

Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful regulations, respecting the Territory or other property belonging to the United States:

and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the'United States, or of any particular State."So called statesmen have claimed that

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

these clauses taken together, or as bearing upon each other, give to Congress exclusive legislative jurisdiction—if it chose to exercise it—over the Territories in all matters.

Such a claim is simply preposterous.

The clause first above quoted fully explains itself. Under it Congress has unquestioned legislative jurisdiction over the District of Columbia and over all places upon which the government has erected "forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards and other needful buildings."In like manner it has control of the "territory (lands) or other property belonging to the United States"and may "make all needful regulations respecting"the disposal thereof.

Are the inhabitants of a Territory the property of the United States?

Can Congress make regulations for the disposal of territorial citizens?

That Congress has the power to make laws under which the territory, or lands, belonging to the United States may be disposed of, no one will deny; but the inhabitants of a territory are not property.

They are intelligent human beings, just such as made it possible for Congress to exist.

The same class of people as those through whom Congress received constitutional legislative powers.

In every instance where Congress has legislated, directly or indirectly for the government of the Territories it has acted without constitutional warrant and has thereby not only contravened the supreme law, but has invaded the rights of territorial citizens.

But it is claimed by some that legislative authority over the Territories comes from the ordinance of 1787 which ante-dates the Constitution two years.

The articles of confederation also antedate the Constitution but I have heard no one claim them to be authoritative by reason of their antiquity.

That they were superceded by the national organic law is, I believe, generally conceded.

Was not the ordinance of 1787 alsOjin like manner annulled? The present territorial system differs but little from the government provided for under that ordinance; and we may regard its enactment as the origin, in this country of autocratic rule copied from European despotism.

But it contained among many un-American provisions some generous ones.

It required, for instance, "the extension of the fundamental principles of civil and religious liberty as the basis of all laws, constitutions, and governments ever to be formed or enacted in the said territory."And among the articles of compact between the original

States and the people of the said territory, and which were forever to remain unalterable unless by common consent, we find that "no person demeaning himself in a peacable and orderly manner, shall ever be molested on account of his mode of worship or religious sentiment in said territory."And it was understood and declared that "no law ought ever to be made or have force in the said territory, that shall in any manner whatever interfere with, or affect private contracts or engagements bona fide and without fraud previously formed."These quotations are made in order to show how carefully the fathers guarded religious liberty and provided against the violation of private contracts, even while forming a temporary system of unrepublican territorial government.

It is unnecessary to review the sufferings of the colonies under the grievous oppressions of King George and his willing Parliament.

They are matters of history strikingly paralleled by the wrongs inflicted on every Territory similarly governed.

The English government being monarchial, had, at least, some pretext for attempts to stifle American liberty; but what can be urged in excuse for similar, studied, persistent, and even more cruel attempts in a nation like ours? Who, having an honest heart, and an unbiased mind, can contemplate the history of Utah without experiencing profound sorrow for her people, and contempt for most of her appointed rulers.

How shamefully ignored have been every principle of Republicanism in this Territory; where the government, as administered by irresponsible appointees, has been contemptibly and meanly aristocratic—a forced government of the many by the few The executive and judicial

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

departments, being in no sense amenable to the people, have persistently and shamelessly used legal forms for the purpose of oppression.

With the tenure of their office, and the amount and payment of their salary, the people have nothing whatever to do.

They have no voice in their selection or confirmation.

As officers they are not amenable to the people or subject by them to removal;

being human, they naturally serve their masters rather than their slaves.

Like the minions of King George of England, they use their autocratic power without regard to the likes or dislikes of the people.

The chief executive of a Territory may be, indeed often is, an uncompromising opponent and bitter enemy of the masses where he rules;

and may be a common drunkard, moral leper, defaulter and cheat, a revolutionary, nullifying, obstructionist, and yet for years, remain Governor.

But, it is said, while the executive and judicial departments are independent of the people, the legislative is of their choice.

True, but when they have expressed that choice by casting their ballots for men in whom they have confidence, what then?

Cannot the Governor with his absolute veto, render void the labors of the people's representatives, however diligently and ably performed?

Thus, one man, in whose selection the people are voiceless, and for whom they may have neither confidence nor respect, is supreme;

for if he cannot enact laws, he can play the part of a dog in the manger, and thereby prevent others from doing so.

This is the "one man power"in unhappy Utah.

Under the English system of monarchial government, the Sovereign has absolute veto power, and yet it has not, I believe, been exercised in a single instance for two hundred years.

How does that compare with the exercise of autocratic power, on the part of Utah's decapitated Governor, who vetoed and ignored seventeen bills originating alone in the House branch, of the recently adjourned Territorial Legislature.

But in noting these matters I desire to criticise measures, not men.

For to the vicious system of Territorial Government is due most of Utah's afflictions.

A moment's reflection will, I am sure,, convince you how utterly repugnant to an honorable, high-toned gentleman, by instinct and education a lover of popular rule, must be the thought of place and power, without the approval and hearty endorsement of those among whom authority is to be exercised.

I am wholly unable to believe that a really true American, devoted to the principles upon which our government is founded, could ever be induced to accept office under such conditions.

It is impossible to fit an upright man to devious, inconsistent and crooked ways.

Is it not, therefore, the part of wisdom to try and improve the ways rather than attempt to warp the man?

And is it not equally clear that the vicious, unrepublican

Territorial system has attracted men fitted by their very natures to fill its appointive offices?

What must be the humiliating reflections of these, when they know that not one in a hundred of them could hold office a single hour on the suffrage of the people.

Among the much despised and vilified Mormons do you know of an individual holding among them an ecclesiastical office, who would not promptly resign, on the slightest intimation from the people that such action was desirable?

I do not, and trust I never shall, for I certainly would dislike to entertain feelings of contempt for any of my brethren.

I am a believer in majority rule as contemplated by our national system;

and as contemplated by the "doctrine <5f common consent."I am also a believer in the rights ofminorities, whether composed of Jews or Gentiles, bond or free, white or black, Christian or Pagan.

An honorable member of the late Territorial Legislature is accredited with having said: "The majority rules in this coun-. try, and the minority must either obey, or rebel."If the gentleman meant to apply that assertion to political divisions he was eminently correct.

But if he, on the other hand, meant to convey the idea that the voters of a State, or

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

those of all the States and other Territories combined were, by reason of numbers, entitled to rule in Utah, he was grossly in error.

In all the counties of a Territory one political party may be largely in the majority, and yet another party may elect municipal officers from among those who are Territorially in the minority; and we would think strangely of, and regard with condemnation any attempt on the part of the Territorial or county majority to trench upon, or usurp, by reason of greater numbers, the city government.

Under our American system the power of majorities is restricted by political divisions.

In future efforts I may have the satisfaction of amplyfying this subject now, however, I desire, in conclusion, to touch upon a matter fraught with untold vexation and evil I mean municipal, territorial, state and national "over- legislation"In the midst of many blessings this curse to society broods over the people like a hideous, never-yielding nightmare—fretting and galling them by the restrictions of their natural rights.

On this subject Spencer, the advanced thinker, says:

"Let a people believe in government omnipotence, and they will be pretty certain to get up revolutions to achieve impossibilities.

Between their exorbitant ideas of what the State ought to do for them on the one side, and its miserable performances on the other, there will surely be generated feelings extremely inimical to social order-feelings which, by adding to the dissatisfaction otherwise produced, may occasion outbreaks that would not else have occurred.

This belief in the sovereign power of political machinery is not born with men;

they are taught it.

And how are they taught it?

Evidently by these preachers of universal legislative superintendence—by the pretensions of statesmen themselves—and by having seen from their childhood, all kinds of functions undertaken by government officials.

There are other modes, too.

in which social stability is endangered by this interference system.

It is a very expensive system; the further it is carried, the larger becomes the revenue required;

and we all know that heavy taxation is inseparable from discontent.

Moreover it is in its nature essentially despotic.

In governing everything it unavoidably cramps; and, by diminishishing their liberty of action, angers them/ It galls by its infirmity of ordinances and restrictions;

it offends by professing to help those whom it will not allow to help themselves;

and it vexes by its swarms of dictatorial officials, who are forever stepping in between men, and their pursuits.

But we have not sufficiently considered the infinite presumption discernible in this attempt at regulating all the doings of men by law.

To make up for defects in the original constitution of things; this is the meaning of the scheme, nakedly stated.

It is said of a certain personage, that he wished he had been consulted when the world was being made, for that he could have given good advice, and not a little historical celebrity has attached to this personage, in virtue of his, so thought, unparalleled arrogance.

Why, the great majority of our statesmen and politicians do as much every day.

Advice indeed!

They do not stop at advice.

They actually interfere, take into their own hands, matters that

God seems to be mismanaging, and undertake to set them right!

It is. clear to them that social wants and relationships have been so carelessly provided for, that without their vigilant management all will go wrong.

It is a sad thing to see these political schemes, with their clumsy mechanism, trying to supersede the great laws of existence.

The student no longer regarding the mere outside of things, having learned to look for the secret forces by which they are upheld, begins to discern the dim out-lines of a gigantic plan, showing everywhere order and completeness.

One by one exceptions vanish, and all becomes systematic.

He beholds with wonder mighty movements always towards perfection and a higher life.

But now in the midst of admiration and awe, the student sud-

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

denly sees some flippant red-tapist get up on his legs and tell the world how he is going to put a patch upon nature!

Here is a man who, in the presence of all the wonders that encompass him, dares to announce that he, and certain of his colleagues, have laid their heads together and found out a way to improve upon the Divine arrangement!

Scarcely an idea have these meddlers got of what underlies 'the facts with which they propose to deal; and yet, could they carry out their pretensions, we should see them self-appointed nurses to the Universe!

They have so little faith in the laws of things, and so much faith in themselves, that, were it possible, they would chain earth and sun together, lest centripetal force should fail!

Nothing but a Parliamentmade agency can be depended upon;

and only when this infinitely complex humanity of ours has "been put under their ingenious regulations, and provided for by their supreme intelligence, will the world become what it ought to be!

As for any silent influences by which imperfections are in process of being removed, they do not believe in them.

But by a commission, a staff of officers and a parliamentary grant, every deficiency shall be made good, and the errors of Omniscience be rectified.

These creation-menders behold not the power that bears onward peoples and governments regardless of their theories and schemes, and prejudices—a power which sucks the life out of their lauded institutions, shrivels up their state parchments with a breath, paralizes long-venerated authorities, obliterates the most deeply graven laws, makes statesmen recant and puts prophets to the blush;

buries cherished customs, shelves presidents and which, before men are conscious of the fact, has wrought a revolution in all things, and filled the world with a higher life."On my part, comment on these wise sayings, is wholly unnecessary.

The clear and clean cut truth of such statements is too obvious to require argument.

Though unpleasant, you will find the task of making their application, in our time, not difficult.

The assumption, pride and autocratic disposition of many citizens of our common country are, I regret to say, very great.

And the oft repeated assertion that "fifty millions of people"demand this, or that, indicates how strongly the idea that "might is right,"has taken hold of the people.

On this subject I desire to quote briefly from the writings of Ruskin, than whom our age has produced no sounder thinker, or more able exponent of what is just and right.

He says: "We are continually assuming that nations became strong according to their numbers.

They indeed become so, if those numbers can be made of one mind.

Grant them unanimous, how know you they will be unanimous in right.

If they are unanimous in wrong, the more they are, essentially the weaker they are.

Suppose they are a mere helpless mob, tottering into precipitate catastrophe, like a wagon load of stones when the wheel is off.

Dangerous enough for their neighbors, certainly, but not powerful. Neither does strength depend on extent of territory, any more than on number of population.

Take up your maps when you go home this evening—put the cluster of British isles beside the mass of South America;

and then consider whether any race of men need care how much ground they stand on.

The strength is in the men, and in their unity and virtue, and not in their standing room; a little group of wise hearts, is better than a wilderness full of fools; and only that nation gains true territory, which gains itself.

Remember, no government is ultimately strong, but in proportion to its kindness and justice; and that a nation does not strengthen by merely multiplying and diffusing itself.

It multiplies its strength only by increasing as one great family, in perfect fellowship and brotherhood."

Again: "No nation can last, which has made a mob of itself, however generous at heart.

It must discipline its passions, and direct them,or they will discipline it one day, with scorpion whips.

^ou may talk a mob into anything;

its feelings may be—usually are—on the

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

whole generous and right;

but it has no foundation for them, no hold of them; you may tease or tickle it into any, at your pleasure;

it thinks by infection, for most part, catching a passion like a cold; and there is nothing so little, that it will not roar itself wild about, when the fit is on;

nothing so great but it will not forget in an hour, when the fit has past."Who so blind as not to see dangers daily accumulating, in this fair land, that threaten, at no distant day, to overwhelm in ruin this government; once strong by reason of its justice, and generosity!

Blinded by the beam in their own eyes, our statesmen are clutching wildly at the mote supposed to be in the eyes of their brothers, in oppressed Utah; and they see not the ominous elements of organized destruction, gathering thick and fast to shroud the land in woe!

While the attention of the masses has been directed, by special

Congressional proscriptive acts, to asserted immorality and sexual impurity among the Mormons, under class legislation, the public domain has been squandered, and a system of land-lordism more despotic and extensive than prevails in Europe, has been established!

With the knife uplifted as if to cut from the body politic, the so called "loathsome polygamic ulcer,"statesmen have carved the way for money kings to combine, and suck the life out of honest industry, by loading the nation with a bonded debt, the enormous interest on which is annually wrung from the sweat of the masses; while millionaires perjure themselves by swearing- that they have no taxable property!

Lulled by the cry of theocratic disloyalty resounding from sea to sea, the rich revel in luxury and worship the god of gold while organized labor announces himself "king"and declares war against capital. Extravagance and show on one hand, misery and want on the other, the bond of sympathy hitherto existing between employers and employed, is fast being severed;

and as strand after strand gives way, the mutterings of revolution are heard all a- long the ranks of toiling millions!

Take warning ye statesmen, and repair the breaches daily growing wider.

Take your feet from the necks of Utah's sons, look around you, relieve the strain and manfully prepare to meet the gathering storm; or Chaos will come, and secret societies will combine and Anarchy—Samson-like—will tear down the temple of Liberty.

In the speech of men to-day,there is pride and bitterness!

Poison is in their words, the sting of asps is on their lips, the venom of serpents in their hearts; they are set against the oppressed, death is in their looks, and they are ready to shed blood.

We here, are hedged about as by a lion hungry and greedy for prey, and none but the God of Jacob can deliver.

And yet in these mountains and among this people, shall the wolf lie down with the lamb, and the fatling with the lion, and a little child shall lead and subdue them.

While elsewhere, distrust shall be in the thoughts of men, whose hearts shall fail, as the mystery of the world, fast drawing to an end, grows to them darker and darker.

But in Zion there shall be healing medicine and power to save, while her sons rescue the Constitution, redeem the nation and cry—"peace on earth good will to men."To-day, in the midst of governments and peoples, there is unrest, misery, dread, infinitude of woe.

From east to west, the gathering clouds of war are tinged with a crimson hue, and the baptism of fire swiftly approaching will, by its desolations teach nations that "it is not out of the mouths of knitted guns,"and breach-loading rifles, but "out of the mouths of babes and sucklings that strength is ordained,"to still the enemy, and kill the oppressor.

Moses Thatcher.

Every real thought, on every real subject, knocks the wind out of somebody or other.

Holmes.

Him whose mind has gone to decay, engage and entertain with the past;

the simpleton with the future; but the wise man with the present.—Hindu proverb.

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOW.

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOW.

A STORY FOUNDED UPON FACT.

I have named him Lamar, a name in his mother's family, out of which have gone men prominent in French and American history, in times past and present, and women too, noted for their gifts of mind, beauty and grace of person and value of character.

Around his life, even from his birth, hovered silent influences that shaped his future destiny.

Wealth, luxury and intellectual associations for generations back, even into an ancestry of nobility, united with the fresh life of the young Republic, had bequeathed to him a legacy of spiritual endowments that might have been a power in his possession if used aright.

But, in the veins of the lovely mother, the idolized daughter of a Southern planter, the favorite in the society in which she moved and the light and joy in the heart of him she had wedded, coursed secretly and silently, a malady, a bitterer foe than death—insanity.

Its coming influence wreathed her with a mystery of views forever changing;

sometimes a gravity too strangely sad, sometimes serenity too calm and deep, sometimes a joyous gaiety that rose to startling brilliancy, and oft, an enchanting sweetness almost ideal in its entrancing spell.

From harp, piano and guitar her dainty fingers woke to life the music of her dreamy soul, and in the moonlight of the orange grove, her voice replied in tones as sweet, to the nightingale, his wildest song of ecstacy, or mingled with the voice of waters lapping on the shore of her Florida home.

Surrounded by admiration and by love, her desires anticipated and fulfilled;

for her, life's only duty was to love and be beloved.

With maternity came the unveiling of the hidden foe within her soul, doubted at first, then feared and guarded. Sorrow entered where joy had been, and haughty heads that ne'er had bent with shame, were bowed with stricken pride before their broken idol.

Hope died away and the coming years loomed up in long and gloomy vista to their eyes.

Her happy boy and gentle, dark-eyed girl shrank from her fond caress, they knew not why, meeting in her impassioned look and in her voice, another look and tone than love's.

When her soldier husband went to the frontier at his country's call,she also left her home and went with him.

The excitement of the new and perilous life nerved, steadied her, and she was calmer than in the languor of her lovely home.

When about to cross the line into the country of the Mexican and he was compelled to send her back under the protection of an armed escort, she asked to see once more the muster and drill of the army.

The bright sun flashed upon the uniforms of noble men, her fathers kindred and his friends, upon glittering steel and banner and flag; and the martial music breathed to her a long farewell to all that was dear, and to hope; and as she rode away, though gallant adieus were waved to her, the light faded out of her face quivering with emotion and its haunting shadow returned.

From time to time she- heard from her absent husband and uncle the hardships and the victories of war, the wondrous scenery of that almost Eden land, the ruined temples of buried races, the grandeur of old cathedrals with altar railings and images of gold, bedecked with precious stones; of convents and monasteries, and then the return of the conquering army in which he had earned wounds and distinction.

He was upbuilt, was manlier, and she was like a fragile flower, drooping beneath its parent shade, withered and fainting with thirst of love, consumed with the fervid intensity of her own soul.

In sorrow they parted, and he went further out into the wide world, the new,wild west, leaving her in the tender shelter of her childhood's home;

a dream of love rudely awakened and past.

And Lamar, her babe, had inherited

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOW.

from the dreamy languor of her southern nature all the fervor of ambition and of pride; but the strength of the latter was fitful, and the former was growing in tiny tendrils that would become twining withes to bind him stronger year by year.

The lovely mother passed into a seclusion as gentle as love could make it, and became to them an image of memory.

Faithfully and often they heard from the far away father, year after year until so many had passed that he, too, became more a phantom than a reality, for they dimly remembered him.

From the letters he sent they loved him and the gold they yearly received for their support built up in their minds visions of great riches and possessions in the land of his adoption.

As they grew to maturity ample means developed for them each their inherent abilities and qualities; the sister, loved and lovely; Lamar, gifted and ambitious;

but the vampire of languor and indolence had already fastened upon him its charming, its insatiate spell.

Emulation had spurred him on, and now, flushed with collegiate honors that seemed sufficient, he paused to rest and dream awhile before life's day of earnest work began.

The world was so bright and wide, and joy sang everywhere, he longed to taste the wine of life before he earned its bread.

The voice of duty called in tones too stern, while beauty sang beside him. He closed his heavy books of ancient lore to read in faces young and fair, a newer, sweeter lesson; and when he might have turned away, a voice within him whispered; not yet—not yet—long years lie still before thee—there is time—and he knew not that his power over self was passing swiftly from his hold.

Indecision, walking by her faintly glimmering tapers sees not the wave washing beneath the rock on which she stands;

so, Lamar still dreamed his dreams of coming fame, and of the fount of endless wealth, which through so many years had never checked its flow and which should help him on to all he sought—little knowing that often the old captain slept beneath the open sky, his pillow a saddle;

in the far off fields of gold.

At last an impulse of energy came to him, a desire that grew into yearning to go to his father.

He could come back to his law books better after seeing him, if he wished him to, or perhaps a better field might lie before him out there, might wait for him;

if so, how much more inspiring would be the work in those new scenes, and he could return with pride and claim his heart's first choice, beautiful Gerturde Van Rensalaer, the petted darling of their circle.

It was easy to accomplish the announcement to friends, the preparation and farewell with faithful promise of return; and

Lamar had parted forever from kindred, ease and all the ties of his young life.

With happy heart he had kept his coming a secret from his father, doubting nothing before him, although he knew that the captain had formed new ties in life.

It was indeed a surprise, a happy one when the gray headed man returned at night and found his boy, now man, awaiting him.

Grateful tears and loving blessings greeted the son, happy also in this meeting-i-but sore at heart and disappointed, in the home he had found, comfortable enough, but not the spacious home of luxury he had expected to find, and such as he had left in the great city behind him.

Surveying his stalwart son with pride, the father exclaimed:

"I thank heaveto, my son, that I have been able to fit you by education for the profession you have chosen, for the day of my prosperity is past, I have lost all my property by fire, and I am too old now to ever again recover my losses.

For the rest of my life I shall be content with the repose and comforts of this humble home, and the association of those dearest to me, and shall watch with pride your rise and successes."Upon the heart of Lamar these words fell with chilling force, yet he tried to meet bravely and to feel that it was only a joyful duty to help to bear the burden he had found.

By careful inquiry, he learned that the means he had received for several years came from the lady his father had married,

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOW.

and who had received him with such genuine welcome.

It was noted, with many a smile that the old captain walked the streets with more proud and elastic step than formerly, and had given his dusty office a "putting to rights"such as it had not known for years; superintending with great nervousness the labors of the old negro couple and wondering to himself if he should be able to find things when order was restored.

"Wait awhile my boy, you must find out our life and ways;

enjoy a season of pleasure first then we will turn to work and you may become my partner if you wish."As the days and weeks came on and passed, the new life grew dull, monotonous and finally unbearable.

He tried to take interest in his father's work, and even felt a sense of shame in eating the bread of dependence, but he put off the feeling with the thought, "I will make it all right bye and bye, surely I can find some thing to do that will be better than this plodding small way of coining money; father has had his busy day, and this retirement and rose wreathed cottage life suits him, but I want some thing more stirring.

What can I turn to?

Is not this the land of gold and why may not I, too, seek in these mountain sides some undiscovered field of wealth? And so, Lamar, after weeks of dreaming and waiting set forth into the wilds, elated and hopeful;

all present anxiety being lightened by a good outfit, and a glib companion, who had the reputation of having discovered some mines of importance, but who lost his fortunes almost as easy as he had won them.

The majesty and sublimity of nature such as he had never seen before, the free, pure air and the entire absence of worldly superficial life came like an invigorating draught to Lamar. He learned how few are our real needs and how useless our imaginary wants; he learned human nature in its rough, plain value, and how artificial are the lives of the heroes of luxury and pride, and while he learned to appreciate the one and dropped the other out of his regard he forgot, in passing judgment that he was no further ahead in useful independence but was at a standstill, a spectator of busy life.

Months of fruitless search, of wasted means and wandering life made him more restless and eager than ever.

The college honors were now forgotten, idle capital; the acquired knowledge lay unused, rusting tools: and though often mortified, when thinking how manfully the father had denied himself and struggled to provide for him, he could only say in bitterness:

"I can't help it now it is too bad—but I'll make it all right yet."He grew to hate the sight of busy towns,a few days at a time were enough, and even then he would relapse into dreams of the past—what he had left or dreams of the future.

Ever alive to woman's influence, her presence would stir him to strive anew against the deadly inertia that had stolen upon him,.but ever vainly the struggle was brief and each relapse lasted longer.

Lamar strove to reason the matter to a conclusion, forgetting that energy was the quality he had neglected above all others.

He was not bad, he was only weak, but this he never understood.

Failing in mining he determined to seek congenial employment elsewhere.

He found many friends,for he was intelligent, engaging and by nature loving, which attributes ever attract and find a degree of welcoming even though unexpressed in words.

But though opportunities presented which might if improved have made name and means for him, the unknown, the tempter called him by her still, small voice and he followed the phantom guide to 'something better ahead."Thus he roamed from home and friends into the world of strangers, musing, hoping, disappointed tand de-* spairing by turns, then hopeful again till years had gone.

The face of his early love had faded out, and if it had not, she could not have descended to a poor man's lot, and Lamar had given up this dream of love, except as a dream, not, however.without some bitterness of feeling.

"Now tell me, Cousin Alida,"said he, "why every one of these nice girls of your acquaint-

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOtt.

ance will marry men who are qualified for only humble stations in life and wouldn't one of them think of me, who am of better birth and acquirements and would be just as faithful of heart as any.""Dear Lamar, it is because in this practical world these plain men will be able by their energy to develop abilities and conquer circumstances, and earn for themselves as good a name and station as birth has failed to provide for them.

What sensible girls most admire and fall in love with is manly ability and force of character.

Woman wants someone to lean on, not to prop up by her own strength.

They really prefer the substantial to the ornamental and can if need be, dispense with the latter, but there is no substitute for the former.

Woman can't subsist on choice quotations and tender glances, or convert diplomas into comfortable raiment, or shut out an inclement winter by an assurance of steadfast love.

These girls will give you credit for all your gifts and graces and manly bearing and give you their friendly liking as fair equivalent for value received.""O, now, you're tying me up in too small a parcel; you regard this matter too lightly. You don't know how deeply I have felt all this and I am going to speak. Am I to blame because fate has been hard to me? Could I help it? Could I shape my life differently?

Alida, I feel sometimes that I am predestined to disappointment.

The goddess fortune is too coy;

I pursue her and she eludes me till I am weary of the chase.""Lamar, let me advise you.

You think too much in this strain, you consume yourself with unavailing feeling.

The means you have failed to use is earnest, interested and unremitting labor.

This would bring you temporary forgetfulness, sweet rest and happier waking hours.""Cousin, it is no use, no hope of mine has lifted its head ever so faintly, but has been hurled back a stone into the heart it sprang from.

Of all my family I am the withered branch; no hope of mine has ever blossomed; how many have been struck down when soaring happiest and brightest and lie not dead, but wounded, falling again and again when seeming sunshine and growing strength tempt them to rise. How many wounds may smiling lips and sunny eyes unconsciously to themselves convey.

Why is it that the thoughless walk with so sure footsteps safely on, while I am ever wrong?

My aims in life fail in perplexity while others all around me see with clear eyes through tangled skeins of fate and wind them to their will.""Nay, dear Lamar despair not so, hope on.

It cannot be that one so earnest in his thought shall fail at last, there must be some way out of this and we shall see you yet a happier man.""Cousin, how do you women combat fate?

You have no weapons stronger than your tears, no promptings but your own to guide the heart so much the weaker than a man's;

no hisses keener than your own brains self reproach; none knowing but yourselves whether you win or fail in those, how many, contests women meet.""Lamar, you have yourself revealed the answer, innate strength, tenacity of purpose.

Do you not know, if it were not that:

Women's lives like cats'may die Nine times and yet live they would fail utterly?

But often in man's case, "Less strength of self upholds his heart;

Fame leads the way, applause waits if he win,

A nation's and love's tears fall if he fall;

Shame, bitterer than the death could be

Awaits—and nerves him lest he quail.""Never mind, Alida, I'm in no such heroic position as you've drawn, only poor me is concerned.""I don't know, you might be yet if you'd only qualify yourself;

you've had relatives enough that were heroes, don't the thought inspire you?

Or shall I say you're always building castles in the air, but wouldn't carry rock for a foundation?""I've built castles, and on good foundations;

but they were never roofed in.""Cousin, because you didn't stick to it.

Follow my advice just once.

Cast away these almost mythological ideas that cling to you; let them severely alone; think of something else;

turn your back upon fortune, slight her and in due time she

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOW.

will turn to you from some unexpected source.

Astonish the fairest of indifferent beauties by use of those talents which lie rusting.

Follow your profession; cast aside your embarrassment, your lack of confidence in yourself, your failure to appreciate the talents God has given you, and regain lost ground.

You know what you can do, do it bravely and friends will sustain you.

O, Lamar, rely not upon the courage borrowed from the wine cup;

trust not the counsel of its votaries;

brace yourself, rely upon your treasury of knowledge and the Doner that bestowed these gifts upon you.

Lamar, when the applause of intemperance mingles with that of sober judgment, I mourn for you instead of rejoicing.

Drop these interminable researches of the past; turn back from the wilder paths of the future, and wrest from every hour of the present the opportunities and possibilities that lie around you; gather together the rough material and polish it to your liking, and 'so, build aright.""Cousin Alida, if ever I amount to anything, I'll owe it all to you.

You women are the light of life. We couldn't get along without you.""Well, Lamar, thank you:

I don't think you could—a hundred years.

I'm egotistical enough to think that science, art, politics and industries would become uninteresting and social life collapse.

I'm happy at all events to see the atmosphere of gloom disperse around your precious head; a long farewell to it!

You'll try life anew, won't you?""Yes, Alida, I'll stoop and see if I can mount above the first course.

I cannot here, let me go elsewhere and amid new influences begin afresh.

I will yet reach the goal of success and happiness and you will know it."Could I doubt his ambition, knowing his inherited gifts, and the names of his own blood brightening now and then before the eyes of his country.

Could I blame him, knowing the thrall that was his by birthright?

I could only pity and strive to help him even while it seemed an almost hopeless endeavor.

He was like the captive bird beating its frail strength uselessly against its prison bars.

He strove anew, but the fetters of years gone by were upon him, and hide it as he might, they were there.

Faithfully he strove to forget his own unavailing desires in fulfilling the wishes of others, but while his own hands labored, his mind was still reaching into the unending wastes of thought beyond which lay hidden the treasures of destiny.

From this continuity of thought he would wander into an abstraction lasting for days.

For him to enter upon an idea was to follow it to a conclusion satisfactory to himself.

Thirst, hunger nor gathering darkness roused him from reverie.

When some familiar and gentle voice would accost him, he would look up, smile and answer:

"Oh, yes;

I must have forgotten myself;

thank you."Had this fealty been applied to practical uses, great results might have been accomplished.

Had labor been united with the severe mental education he had received, a more healthful tone might have pervaded his character and prepared him for the exigencies of life. Our love often mistakes the path marked out for our own.

To look upon him, tall in figure and martial in his bearing, his dark eyes far-seeing, daring and undaunted as an eagle's, his face beautful as well as noble, he was the hero personified.

But alas! he was the statue of, and not the man he seemed.

The farseeing look was not upon real life, but upon the vision in them; the expression of valor and nobility the reflex of dreams, not deeds;

he was a mirror wherein shone the lines and deeds of others.

His timidity and modesty were to him a great disadvantage.

Eloquent as he was, he feared his own voice and only when under the influence of intoxication had he courage to display the riches of his well-stored mind to applauding throngs who had tempted him for the purpose.

Then fell from his lips such oratory as was seldom heard, such wealth of love and patriotism, and gems of thought flashing with new born life.

"Who

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOIV.

would have thought it of him, so silent and unassuming in his daily life!

But the draught that fired his brain, that gave a transitory impetus and brilliancy to his apathetic nature, in turn exhausted and abused him.

Each occasion drew him further down the swiftly descending slope where waited the insatiate foes of virtue, integrity and manhood with their manacles.

Months at a time he wandered lonely and silent in crowded cities, studying men and life, now in mountain solitudes and camps and now in humble villages, ever a student of humanity and nature.

If a short period of labor brought him means he cared little for it,he would have divided with friend or needy stranger with polite indifference as to its value.

Often, strangers discovering his abilities, have tendered him lucrative positions but Lamar had become philosopher not fortune hunter, and the voice of fame no longer charmed his ear.

His oar lay idle and his bark was drifting outward into the wondrous unknown.

He had traversed thousands of miles by sea and land, had studied many tribes and peoples.

Letters came now and then, each from a far separate point and we never knew where he would be next.

At last he returned and a new life opened its pathway before him.

The light of faith—the true Gospel's voice.

x He listened and obeyed, to the surprise of all who knew him.

"I have found the truth at last, the problem of life is solved; but

I am weak, am warped and weary grown, there is little I can do but believe and still learn on."Still quiet as ever, communing now with new-found influences he ceased his roaming and made his home among the

Saints in the Rocky Mountains. He was "odd "they said; but if he heard it, it did not disturb him—he had found peace and, perhaps, happiness too was to come to him.

There was a call for volunteers and others to go into a new part of the Southern country and take up land.

Lamar went with the rest and they took up their tracts in larger or smaller amounts, as suited their circumstances and pros- *7* pects. Life must have been very lonely, situated as they were, in so scattered a condition, in a wild and almost desert region with a greater number of Indian than white neighbors, but they bore cheerfully their mission and all felt hopeful for the future.

To have seen him now, a roughly-clad pioneer, his real self would not have been recognized except by dearest friends, and they were far away.

Long lines of lovely fencing grew to.sight around his chosen home, a little cabin lifted its humble roof above the wild growth of the plain, its blue smoke curled gracefully and cheerily up to the sky; the sound of the axe by day and the faint light of his small window by night and the voice of the solitary occupant as he sang the hymns and mountain songs of our people, told of content and hope, an oasis in the desert of life and of the earth.

When Spring bloomed forth in beauty he gathered and studied the lessons held forth on every side to his appreciative eyes;

in Summer's heat he searched the clefts in rugged hills for hidden streams and brought them forth to usefulness, and watched how light and warmth unfold the wonders of the air and earth.

When Autumn winds breathed their first warning sounds he thankfully blessed and gathered in his harvest store, and barricaded all about against the Winter's wrath with heights of fragrant, resinous pine and ceder boughs, whose crackling, roaring flames and flitting sparks should bring him company and warmth.

Lamar felt no regret for the great world left behind no sigh, to face its crowded thoroughfares and feel its pulsing life; he had only one greeting and message to bear to it, if they met again, the message of the Word of God.

By the new light that nqw poured in upon his mind he saw all things differently; the rise, the onward march, the height of power and then the downfall of nations known only to history;

he understood the causes and the dealings of that God who raised them up and cast them down according to His righteous will.

Ancient lore that had been dross

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOlV.

and weight to him through drifting years now became riches and tools for his use,

Often in the solitude of his desert home he paused in his work and baring his head reverently thanked God for the blessings of his youth and that He had led him at last to the truth. By his evening fire-light he conned the lessons of our sacred books and sang with fervor our doctrinal hymns, gathering into his soul the spiritual food his wandering years, had missed and hungered for.

Embarrassment began to wear away and when sometimes he in turn was called upon to address the humble gathering of Saints, he spoke freely, and in the rare occasions of social gatherings was frank and cheerful.

He studied human nature no less, but found oftener than before, the true metal.

Woman was to •him no longer Aphrodite, but the gift of God to man.

So time passed on bringing to Lamar the healing of the past and growing courage and hope.

In the great wilderness woman's face was rare.

There were the wives of the pioneer settlers and now and then a daughter, like a fair flower in the waste.

Is it not strange that afar from the infection of trivial social life the feminine heart has still its little trace of coquetry?

I have known a girl to flirt with and jilt the only unmarried man in the circle of her acquaintance merely for the zest of the game.

It is really wonderful, the perfectly happy independence a young girl feels; the prospect of retributive justice making her an old maid is a matter of total indifference gentle warnings and solemn advice fall in impotent force upon her ear if her intuition discovers an opportunity to test her skill in a tournament with Cupid.

After all if it were not so, lovers would have a spiritless time of it; but sometimes the end is not to be discovered from the beginning.

It chanced that in his brief trips to and fro in the sparsely settled country Lamar met, and formed an attachment for a light-hearted, matter of fact, sensible girl whom we will call Allie.

Perhaps she might have been conscious of her position—without a feminine rival—and she met Lamar's declaration of love with evasion rather than by decisive answer.

"Patience,"thought Lamar, "I must not expect to win life's most precious prize too easily; when my sincerity and faithfulness are better proved she will be too genuine to cast them aside as unworthy of her acceptance.

Still, let me labor to make my home beautiful to her eyes and by faithful devotion win her heart."When they met he often thought he read a look in her eyes for him alone, he thought her voice was gentler and sweeter when she spoke to him, and wondered if it were relenting grace.

Weeks of suspense went by and again he ventured to ask for the truth, to know if there was hope for him even though far ahead.

To his surprise and joy her answer seemed to place his fondest wish almost within his reach.

Lamar could scarcely believe the words that fell upon his thirsting heart, although her fresh young face answered his penetrating gaze so frankly, so sweetly and modestly, as she laid this condition upon its fulfillment:

"If you can do what you have promised and are here the day before Christmas, storm or shine, I will be your wife.""1 will be here, if I am alive! "and Lamar reverently kissed her hand and went out into the open air bewildered, overwhelmed with joy and gratitude too supreme for words.

Long he walked under the open sky, the crowding thoughts too precious to be broken in upon by familiar conversation.

At last he reentered the house, grave and quiet, and when the evening was past,retired from the cheerful group and hastened to offer up his gratitude to Him who gives us all.

In the morning he left them and journeyed homeward with happier heart than he had known since early manhood.

Day after day the solitude rang with the sounds of the swinging axe, the falling trees, the sounds of hammer and of plane, and his cheerful songs.

Toil was no longer dull or lonely, life's sweetest promise beckoned him on,and weeks and months

IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOW.

sped by.

At last all was done that willing hands could do, yet he looked around to see if some finishing touch was needed.

"No, I see nothing more, but her woman's eyes will see and her pretty fingers change whatever is required,"and he smiled to himself as fancy pictured her undoing and doing over in her own fashion his arrangements.

"My humble home I dedicate thee to the Father who has blessed me, and to the woman who will reign as queen of love herein.

Next to His love, her presence shall consecrate this spot and make it my heaven and my altar."He closed the door, lifted parcels, blankets and rugs into his buggy and drove swiftly away, his heart too full even for song.

The first night, after a long drive, the sky grew gray and suspicions of a coming storm flitted across his mind.

Lamar attended to his horse and, partaking of a cold supper, he lay down for the night, intending to make an early start on his journey and soon was sound asleep.

During the night his horse's neighing partially woke him, but a strange sense of lulling quietness pervaded the air, a sense of burden, too, pressed upon him, and struggling long between the languor and the undefinable weight he sank to sleep again and when morning came, awoke to find the ground covered with snow and almost obscuring the road that lay before him.

Lamar sprang to his feet, surveyed the mountains and the dense overhanging storm, so impenetrable the sky seemed descending upon earth.

"I must get out of this as quick as I can,"he exclaimed.

He hastily fed and harnessed his horse and placing a few pieces of food upon the seat beside him drove quickly on.

The storm increased, and the snow, driven by drifting winds, so blocked the road that travel became almost impossible.

The second night he sought the shelter of a dense cedar and made his campfire, but little he slept, for to-morrow he must be there—it should not be said of him that he had been laggard; he would keep his word "I will be here, if I am alive!"Morning came none too soon for his anxious eyes, but the snow was now up to the seat of his buggy it was impossible for any vehicle to make its way through.

Lamar threw the harness upon the seat, covered it with blankets and, mounting his horse, went on, plodding, stumbling, slowly along with sinking heart and desperate energy.

The sun was sinking when the goal of his hopes was reached.

Enveloped in snow and almost famished, yet the joy within him made him strong for the time. A boy appeared and led the jaded animal to comfortable shelter and Lamar, shaking the snow from his greatcoat and wiping the glistening frost from his face and beard, entered the house.

She was the first person he met, standing before the broad, cheerful hearth. A company of guests, an exploring party, were in the next room he could hear their hearty voices, the house seemed full of comfort and good spirits.

With his true love and happiness beaming from his smiling face and eloquent dark eyes, he went to her with extended hand: "Allie,

I have kept my word—I am here!"Then for the first time she knew what she had done, knew how much her promise had been to him.

She turned pale and half frightened started backward from him.

"I didn't mean it—

I didn't think you would expect—oh, no—Lamar, please don't fee] hurt, but I wish you hadn't—"she stopped, for as the light of happiness died away, a shock seemed to stun him and a wounded look came into his face that thrilled her through.

Her mother came into the room and in an instant understood the truth, for Allie had told the story of her flirtation and promise, never dreaming of his implicit faith in her coquette word.

The mother drew him away with gentle inquiries and solicitude for his comfort, for she knew the peril he had encountered and her true heart ached for him.

Lamar was too stricken to feign indifference, he could not join the group and his hostess led the way to a quiet room, where food and rest awaited him.

Lamar closed the door, and was alone with his anguish

:68 IN THE DESERT AND THE SNOW, and that Father whose true love and promise had never failed him.

Morning came and still the snow fell down, not heavily as before—perhaps it was breaking away—and Lamar prepared to go, to return to his lonely home.

His host and hostess, as well as the traveling party, urged him to remain till the storm was fully over, they were going on then and would bear him company; but all in vain—for Lamar the air she breathed seemed to stifle him, her presence was a cruel torture to his breaking heart—anywhere—anywhere—he thought—but there; and only shook his head in reply. Food he would not, could not taste, and the frightened hostess taking opportunity slipped a parcel into his overcoat pocket hoping he would find it on the journey home.

He gave her the parting hand and rode away a dim, fast fading figure in the thickly falling snow.

If words, or sobs, or prayers broke from his lips, God alone knows; poor Lamar!

The intense coldness had abated, the snow had lessened in its fall and he rode on for hours.

The sleep of exhausted nature came and when another morning broke, Lamar knew a fresh struggle was to be met, a contest with nature's wildest, cruelest elements. The dull, gray sky became darker, dense clouds hurried from west to east driven by winds that seemed to sound a challenge as tl\ey rode through echoing space.

They whirled, they swept, they drove, and at last Lamar dismounted and tried to get warmth by walking. He reached a thicket of cedar and, tying his horse, gathered together a pile of dry twigs to build a fire.

Matches—he had left them in the buggy.

He rubbed together the moss and sticks but they were too damp and failed to ignite.

Night came on and his restless jaded horse neighed for food, and at last in the darkness loosed his rope and wandered away.

Another day dawned and Lamar, who had walked the whole night through, around and around beneath the cedar's boughs, was faint with fatigue, thirst and hunger, chilled and suffering.

Still fell the dense leaden gray, lower and lower around, shutting out all the world, and alone—battling against winds that shrieked and raved, against sleet that lancelike glistened as it stung his cheeks, against feathery flakes that hissing buffetted him, and cold and pain that pierced him through—stood Lamar Again the sky was clear, the sun shone bright and warm and the exploring party had resumed their journey.

In the early morning of the second day they arrived at the summit of a long hill, and saw at the foot some object, apparently a human being.

Was it an Indian crouching and stealing upon his game?

As they descended they saw that he was trying to draw himself up the hill by his hands, his lower limbs dragging in the snow.

As they neared him he raised his head, and hastening to him they recognized Lamar! The emaciated lips needed not to ask for food, and a flask of brandy was held to his lips.

They raised him in their arms to place him in their ambulance and a strange sound followed—the frozen limbs snapped like glass, with their own weight.

They were frozen to the hips, only the upper half of the body was living and suffering.

Strong, brave men though they were, they shuddered and wept.

He told them his story as they retraced their course back to the house they had left.

The mother looked in his pocket and, as she had feared, there was the food she had hidden, untasted and undiscovered by him.

They placed him tenderly in bed and when they would have sent for a surgeon, he answered: "There is no need, I'm going soon,"and they knew that it was best.

"Shall we take your body to your father?"they gently asked. "No,bury me in the Lonely Dell."(the name he had given his home.) They bathed the poor man's face and withered hands, and combed the soft dark hair away from the beautiful white forehead and fed the hungry lips.

When famished appetite was satisfied he said "I want to speak."Said one who was present "I never heard a stronger testimony to the truth of this Latter-day

THE ATONEMENT.

work than from the lips of this dying man.""I want to sing,"said he; and when they raised him on his pillow, he sang the song so well known to our people "Hard times come again no more."

He looked upon the weeping group and, gently smiling, said ''No, don't, the worst is over.

I think I'd like to sleep,"and turning the pallid face and dark sad eyes away, he sank to sleep sweet as a babe's.

Peace and balm came and made beautiful and ethereal the features purified by suffering—and in her arms of love Heaven again received her child.

They bore his broken body to his home, the Lonely Dell by the river, the troubled, angry Colorado, restless forever beside his untroubled and eternal rest.

At last, Lamar, were proven thine integrity and heroism, worthy of thy lineage, and brighter than earthly honor will shine thy starry crown of immortality, "for thou didst overcome and was faithful to the end."Augusta J.

Crocheron.

A gentleman once asked Dr. Abernethy if he thought the moderate use of snuft would injure the brain.

"No, sir,"was Abernethy's reply;

"for no man with a single ounce of brain would ever think of taking snuff."THE ATONEMENT.

We will now consider the effect of the atonement upon that portion of the human family who live beyond the age, at which mankind come to a knowledge of good and evil, and are therefore responsible for their acts, in the exercise of that free agency with which they have been endowed by the Almighty.

In our previous investigation we learned that all mankind will be judged by the deeds done in the body, whether they be good or evil.

This doctrine clearly relieves them from any responsibility of guilt attaching to original sin, in which certainly no act of theirs was involved.

The atonement meets the demands of eternal justice, and frees us from all responsibility in the matter.

As no act of ours brought about the fall, so no act of ours is required to atone for it. We may lay it down therefore as a theological axiom that men will be punished for their own sins and not for Adam's transgression (See Articles of Faith, 2).

In this regard the atonement of our Savior affects equally the whole human family.

Not an individual is excluded from its influence, and in thus redeeming us from the fall, it offsets its penalty, death, by the resurrection of the dead.

As death is the result of Adam's transgression, so is the resurrection one of the effects of the atonement.

Paul says in relation to this matter "For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead.

For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive"(1 Cor.

xv, 21, 22).

It will be acknowledged that the word all admits of no exceptions. The same idea is expressed by John the Revelator, in his great vision of the resurrection.

After describing a partial resurrection, which he calls "the first,"and which is to precede the Millennium, or the personal reign of Christ upon the earth for a thousand years, he goes on to describe the great and final resurrection, in which he saw "the dead, small and great, stand before God And the sea gave up the dead which were in it;

and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them"(Rev. xx, 12, 13).

Words could not be used to more vividly Illustrate the universal character of the resurrection.

Therefore the atonement is universal in its application to mankind in bringing to pass the resurrection of the dead.

But great as are these results, the atonement would not be perfect, and would fall far short of meeting the ne-

THE ATONEMENT.

cessities of the human family, if it went no further.

When our first parents partook of the forbidden fruit they obtained a knowledge of good and evil.

This knowledge has been transmitted to their descendants, and is enjoyed by them in a greater or less degree, according to their natural endowments, and the opportunities for learning afforded by surrounding circumstances.

But we have also, through our fallen natures, inherited a tendency to do wrong and commit sin, and notwithstanding the power of resisting evil which we possess through our free agency, we often yield to the influence of temptation.

So universal are these tendencies that the Apostle Paul declares "All have sinned, and come short of the glory of God"(Rom.

Hi, 23).

If the atonement has done so much for man in redeeming him from the consequences of Adam's transgression, has it not done something to redeem him from the effects of his own?

The gospel of Jesus Christ furnishes the answer.

John the Baptist's testimony of the Savior was, "Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world"(John i, 29).

The Apostle John in speaking of Him says, "The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin"(1 John i, 7), and also, "He is the propitiation for our sins; and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world"(1 John ii, 2).

In fact, the New Testament teems with evidences of the truth of the proposition that Christ died for the sins of all mankind as will as for the sin of our first parents.

But while, as we have fully demonstrated, mankind are redeemed unconditionally from original sin, by the atonement, it is only by complying with certain conditions that we are redeemed from our own individual sins.

These conditions are an obedience to the Gospel of Jesus

Christ and the conformity of our lives to its principles.

A compliance with these conditions will secure to us the fullness of the salvation wrought out by the atonement.

Salvation and exaltation in the presence of God, life and happiness and glory throughout the never ending ages of eternity, will crown the lives and labors of those who receive the Gospel and prove faithful to it, and endure to the end.

Jesus says:

"To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in His throne"(Rev.

iii, 21).

John the Revelator was told in relation to the great multitude of the redeemed which he saw in vision:

"These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.

Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them.

They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more;

neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat.

For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of water: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes"(Rev. vii, 14—17).

Having thus arrived at a satisfactory conclusion as to the glorious results of the atonement in the reward and salvation of those who receive the Gospel of

Jesus Christ and are faithful to it, we are immediately confronted by a very interesting question as to the condition of those who receive not the Gospel.

Now this question derives immense importance, from the fact that great as will be the multitude of those redeemed through obedience and faithfulness to the Gospel in this life, they sink into numerical insignificance when compared with the innumerable myriads who do not receive the Gospel, and whom it is the fashion of modern Christendom to consider as lost, with a depth of terrible meaning to the word, which drives many to the hopeless creed of infidelity, as a comparatively pleasant alternative.

This great residue of the human family, who receive not the Gospel, may be divided into two classes;

those who have the opportunity of receiving it and reject it, and those who never have such opportunity in their lives.

Here again we will seek for light from the Holy

THE ATONEMENT.

Scriptures in preference to the dogmas and opinions of man.

Peter tells us "For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that He might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit.

By which also He went and preached unto the spirits in prison; which sometimes were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water"(1 Peter iii, 18—20). We learn by this interesting and remarkable statement, that, after the crucifixion of our Savior,during the time His body lay in the grave, He went and preached to the spirits of that generation, who rejected the Gospel and the means of salvation offered them by Noah, and the object of thus preaching to them is clearly set forth in the next chapter:

"For for this cause was the Gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, and live according to God in the spirit"(1 Peter iv, 6).

The Gospel then was preached to them for the same reason that it is preached to men on the earth, that they might have the opportunity of receiving or rejecting it, and therefore be judged "according to men in the flesh."

Thus we learn the falsity of the doctrine, so general in modern Christendom, that those who reject the Gospel in this life are for ever lost.

The generation that lived in the days of Noah were extremely wicked, and they filled the cup of their iniquity by rejecting a servant of God, who delivered to them a direct message from Him, and who was a preacher of right- eousness to them for one hundred and twenty years. They were duly punished for their sins by being destroyed from the face of the earth by a flood, and by their long dreary imprisonment in the spirit world; but yet we see that even this wicked generation had another opportunity for salvation given thern by the preaching of our Savior to them in their spirit prison. What a flood of light this circumstance throws upon the dealings of God to man, and the far-reaching effects of the atonement.

What significance it gives to the prophecy of Isaiah, who, in describing the office of Christ, says: "The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; He hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound"(Isaiah lxi, 1).

Now we are told, and of course believe, that our Heavenly Father is a just and impartial God and no respector of persons.

It follows then that all generations of men who have rejected the Gospel in this life will, after suffering a season of imprisonment and punishment in the spirit world, commensurate to their sin in rejecting the Gospel, be visited by our Savior or

His servants, and again have an opportunity of receiving the Gospel and obtaining salvation through the atonement of Jesus Christ.

This position is strengthened by other Scriptures, which our limited space will not permit us to quote, and it is also strengthened by our faith in those attributes of mercy and justice which we instinctively associate with the character of our Heavenly

Father.

It being thus proven that the opportunities for salvation are not restricted to this life, even to those who have rejected the Gospel in their earthly probation, how much more must it be conceded that the generations of the children of men who have not had the privilege of living upon the earth in a Gospel dispensation, will have the opportunity of hearing and receiving it in the spirit world.

Strange as such a doctrine may seem to apostate Christendom, it was well understood by the ancient Christians, for Paul, in speaking to them of the resurrection, said:

"Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all?

Why are they then baptized for the dead?"(1 Cor. xv, 29).

Here we learn that not only do the dead, or in other words the spirits of those who are dead, have the Gospel preached to them, but

MACARONI.

those who are living upon the earth can be baptized for them.

Jesus said:

"He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved"(Mark xvi, 16).

Now spirits can believe, but cannot be baptized, for baptism is an ordinance pertaining to the earth, water being essential to its performance.

Hence, in Paul's time, as we learn by the passage quoted, this ordinance was performed for the dead by the Former- day Saints who were living upon the earth; and it is now also performed for the dead by the Latterday Saints, and the atonement is thus made efficacious for the dead as well as for the living.

Again we see it is universal in its application to the human family, and the saying in relation to Jesus, "There is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved"(Acts iv, 12), is no longer a mystery, but a living, glorious and eternal truth.

There are a few to whom the salvation of our God, through the atonement, cannot come in this world nor the next.

These are they who commit the unpardonable sin against the Holy Ghost.

This is not a pleasant theme to dwell upon.

Individuals have been known to brood over the gloomy picture until their senses have given way and they have committed suicide, thinking themselves guilty of the unpardonable sin.

Foolish creatures!

They probably did not even know what it meant.

It is a final act of a course of infamy, and apostasy from the light and knowledge of the Holy Ghost, which as it implies a fearful fall that few men will suffer, so does it imply a previous eminence that comparatively few men attain.

We have barely touched upon the doctrine of the atonement in its application to the human family, but what we have written may awaken a desire in our readers to further investigate a doctrine that so beautifully illustrates the mercy and justice of God, and so nearly concerns the salvation of man.

George Osmond.

MACARONI.

That Italians are very fond of this product of their industry can not be wondered at, as it is a food that pleases even an enemy of hygiene.

The word "macaroni"is taken from the dialectis Italian maccare "to bruise or crush."The article is a preparation of wheat originally peculiar to Italy, where it is an article of food of national importance.

Different forms of the same substance are known as vermicelli, pasta or Italian paste, taglioni, fanti, etc.

These are all prepared from the hard, semi-translucent varieties of wheat which are largely cultivated in the south of Europe, and known by the Italians as grano duro.

These wheats are much richer in gluten and other nitrogenous compounds than the soft or tender wheats and their preparations are more easily preserved which makes them more suitable for these pastes.

They are made in various fanciful forms in a uniform manner, from a granular meal commercially known as semolina.

This semolina being thoroughly mixed into a stiff brown paste with hot water is forced by a powerful plunger through the perforated head of a cylinder into the various forms required.

After this, the product is dried up rapidly by hanging up in long sticks or tubes over. wooden rods in heated apartments, through which the currents of air are driven.

It is only genuine macaroni rich in gluten which can be dried in this way; the spurious,made of poor flour and colored artificially, will not hold together.

Hence, when we find macoroni which shows that it has been dried in the described manner, we are sure of its genuineness.

True macaroni shows the mark of the flattened rods over which it has been hung to dry, is never mouldy on the inner side and does not crack or split as does the imitation which has been laid out flat

TWO PICTURES.

to dry.

It has a soft, yellowish color, is rough in texture, elastic and breaks with a smooth, glassy fracture.

In boiling it swells up to twice its original size without becoming pasty or adhesive, maintaining always its original tubular form without rupture or collapse.

It can be kept any length of time without alterations or deterioration, and is a most nutritious and healthful article of food.

Care is our closest companion.

TWO PICTURES.

The foremost is a scene where forests grow,

Where flowers bloom and springtime breezes blow,

Where sweet-toned birds send up their matin lay

And revel in the golden beams of day.

Deep in the bosom of a woodland shade,

Where solitude her secret home hath made,

A rustic lad, his sunburned temples bare,

Pours.forth a guileless soul to God in prayer.

A sudden cloud of midnight depth profound,

Now hurls him breathless to the trembling ground,

Speechless he's stricken, but with voice of will

Calls on his God and supplicates Him still.

His prayer is heard.

Lo!

shining o'er his head, A dazzling light—where hath the darkness fled?

A pillar brighter than the noonday sun,

When on the purest sky his race is run, Falls gently as the earth-reviving dew,

And opens to his gaze a heavenly view.

Two Beings of a glory to defy The power of words, descend the glowing sky.

Is it a voice, or music low and cle*r?

Wh-«se hallowed sweetness charms the listener's ear,

Like murmuring waters from a mossy rim:

"Joseph!

'Tis my beloved Son.

Hear Him!"The scene has changed. Within a rustic cot

An honest farmer's home, of humble lot

The boy that was, in pride of strength appears

Erect 'neath manhood's crown of ripening years.

Nor now as when, in trusting childhood's care, Alone he sought and found the God of prayer;

Nor when, as singly, stemmed the tide of hate

Which spurned the truth he dared to innovate.

Friends are his followers, tho'numbering few,

Disciples dauntless of a doctrine new,

Here to fulfil the heaven-appointed word

Of one who bore the burden of the Lord,

When learned proud Babel's king, in wondering maze,

What God had destined in the latter days.

The hour is nigh when monarchs'necks shall bow,

The Stone yet lingers on the mountain's brow,

But soon with force resistless shall it fall And onward roll triumphant over all.

'Tis done;

the deed creation's morn devised

The Church of Jesus Christ is organized!

O.

F.

Whitney.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor/Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, April, 1886.

IS PROFLIGACY INCREASING?

The Rev.

T.

DeWitt Talmadge, whom no one has ever accused of being a deep philosopher, or a sound theologian, is yet a bright and entertaining speaker, an acute observer of current events, and a good judge of human nature.

His ideas push and crowd each other for utterance;

fanciful thoughts spring forth in tropical luxuriousness;

language gushes out like the Rhine at its source, an irresistible stream.

Talmadge speaks on topics of the day, and speaks always forcibly, although sometimes narrowly.

It is because he devotes himself to live issues that he is popular, and occupies so much space in the newspapers.

In a recent discourse he made the remark that he would tell you the morals of our age, if you would show him its fashion plates.

The remark is a suggestive one.

It is true that in the most licentious reigns of the most profligate times, the state of religion and morals is to be read from the disgraceful costumes of women.

From the times of Louis XVI and Charles II, morals have been low or high, directly in proportion with the fashion for cutting the shoulders of women's dresses.

Mr. Talmadge spoke of the immorality of the present day, judged by this rule.

It requires the application of no abstract rule, to prove that the times are profligate and licentious to a degree.

We arrive at the same conclusion in many other ways; but all signs seem to point out the age in which we live as an age of unusual immorality.

In the social centres of this country, sights are daily to be seen in the fashionable receptions of people and organizations of the highest standing, that should bring a blush to the cheek of any man, who gazes upon them, and should overwhelm any righteous and proper minded woman with a sense of shame that her sisters had become so immodest.

It is to be said to the credit of Mrs.

Hayes, that while she was mistress of the White House, low cut corsages were unknown this unfortunately can not be said of the White House at present, which seems to lead, or follow closely behind the extremists of the country, in the matter of immoral dress.

These are in the homes of monogamy, where the immodesty of their women at receptions would bring a sense of shame to the members of any polygamous family.

One needs only to attend a few of the leading events in one of our great cities, to ascertain that indecency in this respect is not confined to women of doubtful character.

The Charity Ball, the Old Guard Ball, the society balls at Delmonicos, the innumerable social occurrences of New York, bring forth women of the highest standing, grandmothers in their sixties, and granddaughters in their teens,vying with each other in the race of indecency.

At a ball in New York, a couple of years ago, at which Astors and Vanderbilts and society people of equal grade, were present, a physician, with whom the writer was talking in a retired corner of the hall,drew attention to a young woman, who, with her escort, had paused for a moment in front of us, to view the scene.

The doctor declared as a student of anatomy that one half of the length of her spinal column was exposed to view.

The neck in front was cut as low as it could, with any show of decency, be cut.

Between the dress in front and the dress behind, two narrow straps ran over the shoulders.

Her arms were, of course, bare.

She was young, beautiful, and modest in appearance.

It must be that her virtuous instinct caused her to rebel against such a dress; it is more than likely that

EDITORIAL.

she was first persuaded.

Commanded to make this unholy exhibition of herself by a veteran mother, who foresaw the sensation her daughter must make by the display of her person, it is agreeable to believe, that in the innocence of girlhood, her task was a distasteful one.

Her mother was right.

Men of society, steeped in immorality, flocked around her, and lavished compliments upon her, and offered up on the altar of her—girlish innocence?—no,—her indiscretion, the incense of lascivious devotion.

If she could have read the thoughts, with which those unrighteous men complimented her, she must have wept tears of bitterness, if one virtuous spring within her remained unpoisoned.

Little did she think, that in provoking unholy thoughts, she did so, because she was treading within the domain of women, who follow lewdness as a profession.

The latter exposes her person because it is a part of her business to do so.

She does so because it is indecent if she provokes lustful thoughts, it is because that is what she expects and desires.

She does not, as do our society women, justify her indecency on the ground of art.

Bosh It was the constant teaching of President Young, as it has been that of many of our leading men, to be careful in following the fashions of the world. There never has been a time when more care should be taken than now.

Not only in this respect, but in many others.

If their costumes are not to be avoided because of immodesty, they are often to be avoided because of extravagance.

Parents, see that your daughters realize that fact, if they have not discovered it for themselves. The first great object of our religion is the regeneration of the world.

We should be slow to borrow their customs.

Here is a field in which the daughters of Utah may do an invaluable work.

They must be taught to understand how much the virtue of young men depends upon that of young women.

Let the latter avoid every suggestion of impropriety in dress, action and word, and you will do much to render your male companions more righteous.

But let girls be forgetful of these things, and it is the impulsive nature of man to take advantage.

Insidiously has extravagance in dress been working its way. From the modest attire of forty or fifty years ago,we have, step by step, advanced toward the closefitting street costumes of the day, where the effect is made to hide but not conceal the female form; and to the ball dresses of the world, where effort is made neither to hide nor conceal.

In the former respect of tight fitting garments, our girls have followed too far.

It is treading upon the toes of propriety, of modesty, of decency.

Every change in the female dress seems to be made with the purpose of appealing to the bad instinct of man.

And not only do we trace increasing immorality in trfese matters, but in everything.

Girls read books, as we all do, that would have been avoided, twenty years ago, as deadly moral poison.

Newspapers introduce jokes, and publish details of crimes,that would have shocked us all, a few years since, and we accept it as a matter of course.

But it is upon the stage that we may read, in most alarming clearness, of the decline of morals.

I can remember the furore created, some fifteen or twenty years ago, by the reproduction, or it may have been the original production, in this country of the Black Crook.

There was nothing that compared with it in the scantiness of the female costumes.

Why, its performers actually appeared, many of them in full length tights!

A man who had been so depraved as to visit it, of course on the sly, would have been consigned to the regions of the lost, by his friends, if, by some accident, they happened to learn the awful secret.

Well, the Black Crook would be such a Sunday school, moral performance now, in any of of our great cities, that it would prove stale, flat and unprofitable.

Everyone now goes to see the many spectacular and burlesque plays that are so popular throughout the United States, and all of which are incomparably worse than the Black

Crook.

Nothing is thought of it.

A play without

EDITORIAL.

a bevy of girls, who appear in airy, fairy costume, in one act as pages, in another as amazons, and so on, is the exception.

Costumes become more and more scanty and attenuated.

Beautiful forms, scantily dressed, \s,par excellence, the drawing card.

This progression of the evidences of immorality is a matter suggestive of serious contemplation.

If upon the surface of every grade of society we may see evidences of decreasing righteousness, we may know that the secret sins of the world have, in the. same proportion, increased.

Latter day Saints, it is your mission to purify and reform the world. To do this, you must yourselves be sinless then, look to it that your sons and daughters, while they are yet clay in your hands, aje shaped in the mould of morality.

R. W. Yomig.

WORLDLY IGNORANCE.

It is not surprising that the masses should be almost wholly uninformed or totally ignorant upon the subject of Mormonism, when the preachers of religion, the editors of newspapers, lawyers, judges, legislators, statesmen, presidents, rulers, and historians show so plainly that they either know nothing about it themselves, or wilfully, if not wickedly, close their eyes to facts, and continually pour out floods of slander and abuse respecting the leading members of the Church, and the principles of the Gospel.

The Latter-day Saints know by investigation, and by the manifestations of the Holy Spirit to them, that the Gospel which they have received is simply the ancient Gospel, which was and is the power of God unto salvation, as taught in the Scriptures of Divine truth, and exemplified in the lives of the former-day Saints.

The almost universal ignorance on the part of the learned and simple of both our opponents and friends—if we have any—is all the more remarkable, in view of the apparent ease with which they might become thoroughly informed if they would.

If the Gospel of Christ was some ancient system of philosophy, of dark and mysterious origin and import, difficult of comprehension or past finding out, there might be some reason or excuse for the present blatant ignorance on the subject.

But the Gospel is now what it has been from the creation, the very essence of simplicity and plainness, so far as its requirements, or the duties it imposes upon mankind are concerned.

So plain, indeed, that "the wayfaring man, though a fool, need not err therein."In the beginning the plan of salvation as devised by the Creator was, and, it never having been changed, still is adapted to all the necessities of humanity.

So simple and yet so broad and deep, that every creature comes within the reach of its power, and the scope of its meaning and ample provisions.

Truth is always simple and always plain.

Mystery only attaches to manmade systems, to the false religions, and vain philosophy of men.

"Mighty Babylon the great,"is the name written on the forehead of the woman, sitting on the scarlet beast.

"The mother of harlots and abominations of the earth,"who is drunken "with the blood of the Saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus."

With this harlot arrayed in purple and scarlet, decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, the kings of the earth have committed fornication and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication, and she is "full of names of blasphemy."

How completely the present condition of the Sectarian world, including the "harlots"with their "mother,"corresponds with this graphic description of them, given in the seventeenth chapter of the Revelations of St. John.

While faith, hope and charity;

mercy, justice and truth; humility, simplicity and virtue;

patience, forbearance and longsuffering;

knowledge, temperance and godliness;

peace, gentleness and goodness, and confidence in God and integrity to His living word, are the plain but potent features of the work of the great God.

If the Latter-day Saints are building upon the foundation of apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the

COMMENTS OF THE DAY.

chief corner stone, then the materials with which they are erecting their structure, are the authority, laws, commandments, gifts and graces of Christ's ancient apostolic

Gospel, notwithstanding the frailties and imperfections of mortality, by which humanity is beset.

And when the dross of our human nature shall be purged out by fires of persecution and trial and the scum shall float away with the downward flowing stream of worldly failures and corruptions, the righteous will emerge from the fiery ordeal to inherit their blessings, and the wicked will be consumed.

By our fruits let us be known, and by the law and the testimony let us be judged and awarded, and if we are not in harmony with these, then there is no light in us.

/. M.

COMMENTS OF THE DAY.

The gross ignorance exhibited by the learned and prominent men of the age concerning the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latter-day Saints is astounding.

Their custom is to denounce the religion of the Latter-day Saints in unmeasured terms, in the most wholesale and unreserved manner, not unfrequently hurling at it and at its acknowledged leaders, without cause or provocation, the vilest epithets, the bitterest denunciations and the strongest invective that they can command; exhibiting an acerbity of temper and spirit which is foreign to them in dealing with the actual evils, wrong-doings, and crimes, which exist at their very doors, and fill the land with violence that imperils the safety of the Nation.

Nor is this any new phaze in the treatment of this question, but it is the same old story which has continued from the beginning.

Luckily for the Saints, all the spleen and wrath which is everywhere hurled at them from the pulpit and the press, from the bench and the bar, from the chair of state, and the halls of legislation, like thunderbolts have exploded in midair, producing but the sound of a noise, and spreading abroad the news of the advent in the earth, of an organization framed for endurance, and formed for good.

Though seeming terrible to the world, this very wrath and tumult raised for its destruction, will yet demonstrate it to be nothing more nor less than the Church and Kingdom of God on earth.

There can be no doubt in the minds of those who are well informed, that underlying all the animosity shown towards the Saints, or rather toward the

Church of Jesus Christ, is the deepseated intolerance, bigotry, hatred, and envy of modern priest-craft.

The false teachers, the uncalled and self-appointed preachers, and the unauthorized ministers of an effete "Christianity,"were the first to sound the tocsin of alarm when the Father and the Son opened the eyes of the youthful Prophet, Joseph Smith to the all-absorbing truth that they were without commission, power, or authority from on high; that they preached for hire, divined for money;

taught for doctrine the precepts of men;

while with their lips they worshiped, and with their hearts and by their acts and hypocrisy they blasphemed God.

They never have got over it;

they never will, until they are subdued by the force and progress of truth, and the power of God.

They have fought with a persistence worthy of a better cause;

but with cunning, intrigue, slander and falsehood, with violence and mobs, with fraud and deceit, and by all evil means at their command, until they have enlisted in their behalf the power of the national government. But unfortunately for them and for the government, and fortunately for the Latter-day Saints and their cause, the law-making powers are forced to resort to violence in the vain hope of accomplishing the object. They pass harsh, inconsistent, unreasonable and cruel laws, not against crime and immorality, but against virtuous families and peaceful homes, and innocent, harm-

COMMENTS OF THE DAY.

less people, who have done no injury, and committed no wrong;

aiming at the ruin, with one fell blow, of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; regardless of the rights of men, the prayers of women, and the cries of innocent and helpless children;

utterly ignoring the prohibitions, safeguards and limits of the Constitution, and their oath to maintain and defend the provisions thereof.

So strong is this priestly influence, that editors, free as they claim to be, dare not, as a rule, say a word in defense of the Latter-day Saints and their persecuted cause, but readily fall into line, and act as though they felt it their bounden duty to penlash, berate and villify the Mormons, gather up all the scurrilous, infamous slanders they can find, and publish them as sweet morsels. They lash themselves into a frenzy of passion, like strutting stage-players, calling for summary vengeance to be visited upon the poor defenseless Mormons, unless they will submit, without a struggle, to be pillaged, robbed of their civil and religious rights, proscribed and ostracised without legal process, or conviction of crime, or emigrate to some foreign land!

Judges, prosecuting attorneys and marshals are selected for their strong anti-Mormon proclivities, to harrass, hound and persecute them, to spy out their liberties, drag them before inquisitions, formed of their avowed, bitter enemies, thereto be tortured into confessions of their domestic relations and family secrets.

They are subject to be brow-beaten and lectured from the bench, and ridiculed from the bar, their sacred convictions held up to contempt and scorn, and, finally, they are hailed to prison as convicts, guilty of the most heinous crimes, without testimony or evidence of any character, except to prove their innocence,not only of crime,but innocence of having violated even the villainous law, under which they are supposed to be prosecuted.

Members of Congress, Senators and statesmen, the most brilliant men of the nation, chosen to make her laws and to govern, dare not hint impartially at the so-called Mormon problem,without prefacing, ending and interlineating perenthetically, all the way through their discourse, protestations of abhorrence of the Mormons, for fear somebody will think they are friendly towards us.

No President of the United States for years has been inaugurated or has sent a general message to Congress, without feeling it his duty to call the attention of that strong arm of the government to the Mormon question, and recommend the passage of stringent laws for "stamping out"the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints under the flimsy guise of abolishing, a principle of their religion.

And for what?

Because, it is said, we "disobey the laws of the land."It is false to charge the Latter-day Saints with disobedience to the laws of their country. They are not, never have been and never will be disloyal, however hardly they may be pressed by their enemies to make them so.

The laws under which the Saints are being persecuted to-day, were made to entrap them by their foes, who are also the foes to religious liberty.

They were passed on purpose to abridge their religious rights and practices, and to prevent their obedience to the commands of God, which had been given and which they had accepted, as a people, before there were any laws of the United States on the subject. We cannot but regard these laws as having been passed in the same spirit and for a similar purpose as were the decrees of Nebuchadnezzar and Darius, relative to the three Hebrews and to Daniel, and, like them, the Latter-day Saints, when arraigned for disobedience, should not be "careful to answer in this matter.

If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us;

but if not, be it known that we will not serve thy gods nor worship the image"—"become like the rest of us"—which their foes have set up.

But like those ancient worthies we must risk the consequences, and abide the results.

There is no honorable alternative.

Joseph F. Smith*

A JOGCLEF'S TRICKS.

A JUGGLER'S TRICKS.

When he entered the room the juggler spread a white cloth upon the floor and sat down upon it with his back to the wall, the door of the room being on his right hand.

His spectators were disposed in the following fashion:

Mr.

Smyth sat on a chair nearly in the middle of the room, I was sitting on a sofa near the door, the Parsee merchant stood in the doorway about an arm's length from me.

The servants stood about in groups, the largest group being between the door and the conjuror.

As soon as he had settled himself he turned to the Parsee and asked for the loan of a rupee.

The peddler at first demurred a little, but, on being guaranteed against loss, he produced the coin.

He was going to put it into the conjuror's hand, but the latter refused and told the Parsee to hand it to Mr. Smyth's bearer. The bearer took it, and, at the request of the conjuror, looked at it and declared it to be really a rupee.

The conjuror then told him to hand it to his master.

Mr. Smyth took it, and then followed this dialogue:

Conjuror—"Are you sure this is a rupee?"Smyth—"Yes."Conjuror—"Close your hand on it and hold it tight.

Now think of some country in Europe, but do not tell me your thought."Then the conjuror ran over the names of several countries, 'such as France, Germany, Russia, Turkey and America—for the native of India is under the impression that America is in Europe.

After a moment's pause Mr. Smyth said he had thought of a country.

"Then open your hand,"said the juggler; "see what you have got, and tell me if it is a coin of the country you thought of."It was a five-franc piece and Mr.

Smyth had thought of France.

He was going to hand the coin to the conjuror, but the latter said:

"No, pass it to the other sahib."Mr. Smyth accordingly put the fivefranc piece into my hand.

I looked closely at it, then shut my hand and thought of Russia.

When I opened it I found not a Russian but a Turkish silver piece, about the size of the fivefranc piece, or of our own crown piece.

This I handed to Mr. Smyth, and suggested that he should name America, which he did, and found a Mexican dollar in his hand.

The coin, whatever it was, had never been in the conjuror's hand from the time the rupee was borrowed from the

Parsee merchant.

Mr.

Smyth and his bearer had both of them closely examined the rupee, and Mr.

Smyth and I turned over several times the five-franc piece, the Turkish coin and the dollar; so the trick did not depend on a reversible coin.

Indeed it could not, for the coin underwent three changes, as has been seen.

I need only add, for the information of those readers who know not India, that a rupee is only about the size of a florin, and therefore about half the weight of a five-franc piece.

He did another trick almost equally wonderful.

As before, he was seated on a white cloth, which this time, I think, was a tablecloth borrowed from the mess sergeant.

He asked some one present to produce a rupee, and to lay it down at a remote edge of the cloth.

The cloth being three or four yards in length, the conjuror could not have touched the coin without being seen, and, in fact, did not touch it.

He then asked for a signet ring.

Several were offered him, and he chose out one which had a very large oval seal, projecting well beyond the gold hoop on both sides.

The ring he tossed and tumbled several times in his hands, now throwing it into the air and catching it, then shaking it between his clasped hand, all the time mumbling half inarticulate words in some Hindostanee patois.

Then setting the ring down on the cloth at about half arm's length in front of him, he said, slowly and distinctly in good Hindostanee:

28o ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

"Ring, rise up and go to the rupee."The ring rose, with the seal uppermost, and, resting on the hoop, slowly, with a kind of dancing or jerking motion, it passed over the cloth, until it came to where the rupee was on the remote edge, then it lay down on the coin. The conjuror then said: "Ring, lay hold of the rupee and bring it to me."The projecting edge of the seal seemed to grapple with the edge of the coin; the ring and the rupee rose into a kind of wrestling attitude, and, with the same dancing or jerking motion, the two returned to within reach of the juggler's hand.

I have no theory to explain either of these tricks.

I should mention, however, that the juggler entirely disclaimed all supernatural power, and alleged that he performed his tricks by mere slight of hand.

It will be observed that he had no preparation of his surroundings, no machinery, and no confederate.

Selected.

To love is, to admire with the heart;

to admire is to love with the mind.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

SEMI-ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

The Y. M. M.

I. A. Semi- Annual Conference was hejd in the Tabernacle at Provo, April 6th, 1886, at 7.30 p.m.

There were present on the stand:

Apostles Franklin D. Richards and John

Henry Smith, President A. O. Smoot, of the Utah Stake, Junius F. Wells, and Wm. S. Burton, of the General Officers, and a number of Stake Superintendents and other officers of the associations;

Junius F.Wells presiding. After singing, the opening prayer was offered by Elder

Joseph Kimball followed by remarks from Junius F. Wells, William M. Palmer, Hyrum S. Woolley, William H.

King, and William H. Seegmiller.

The General Officers were then presented by William S. Burton and unanimously sustained.

Apostle John Henry Smith delivered a brief address, in which he strongly urged the young people of Zion to maintain the integrity of their birthright, and to defend the principles to which they owe their existence upon the earth, as principles emanating from God, which make their lives honorable and themselves the legitimate heirs of all the blessings pertaining to the eternal marriage covenant.

His address was full of good counsel and encouragement to the young people assembled, and was listened to with rapt attention.

Apostle Franklin D.

Richards followed in a few words of counsel and instruction.

He said the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations were institutions of great importance among us, which we should foster and encourage, that they might accomplish all the good that they were designed to perform in their establishment. He indicated very forcibly that the children of the covenant were the legal citizens of the world whom God recognized, though all the world should repudiate them;

and exhorted the youth to be valiant for the truth, to live worthily in the sight of the Lord, that they might receive the blessings pertaining to their high and holy calling as the offspring of His covenant people, whom He delighted to honor and bless.

Benediction was pronounced by Elder

M. H. Hardy, and the Conference,was adjourned for six months.

There was a large congregation and an excellent spirit enjoyed on the occasion.

Owing to the incomplete returns made by the Stake Superintendents, the reading of the official Report was necessarily postponed.

N. W. Clayton, Secretary.

Philosophy triumphs easily over evils past and evils to come; but present evils triumph over philosophy.

La Rochefoucauld.

The most popular Weekly newspaper devoted to science, mechanics, engineering discoveries, inventions and patents ever published.

Every number illustrated with splendid engravings.

This publication furnishes a most valuable encyclopedia of information which no person should be without.

The popularity, of the 'Scientific American is such that its circulation nearly equals that of all other papers of its class combined.

Price.

$3.20 a vear.

Discount to Clubs.

Sold by all newsdealers.

'MUNN <fc CO., Publishers, No. 361Broadway, N. Y.

» bjbd sa »> s ma ffh Munn & Co. have p?*J^?

^JLLJLm=L£ Eight years'Jibe Patent Office and have prepared more than One Hundred I housand applications far patents m the

United States and foreign countries.

Caveats, Trade-Marks, Copy-rights, 'Assignments, and all other papers tor i securing to inventors their rights in the United States, Canada, England, trance, I Germany and other foreign countries prepared at'short notice and on reasonable terms.

Information as to obtaining patents cheerfully given without charge.

Hand-books ol 'information sent free.

Pate.nls obtained through Munn & Co. are noticed m the Scientific

American free.

The advantage of such notice is well understood by all persons who wish to disPTddres h s eiM TUjfN ta & CO..

Office ScmmKO Amebican. 361 Broadway, New York.

Best in the World.

A Beautiful Picture given with every package.

The Historical Steel Engraving, "THE

THREE WITNESSES."Framed and ready for Hanging.

Price, $1.50.

Liberal terms to Competent Agents.

Address:

Contributor Company, Salt Lake City.

Sold by 7..

C. M. L, Salt Lake City.

YINSURE your homes.

For about ONE GENT a day you can save one thousand dollars in case of FIUM I J, 5MT t CO,

• wm m -« Z=.V ~E$.^XTX)g—r-rr;-;-.-,>_ •Vs7-^! H-A."VE IE!

Volumes One to Six inclusive, Gilt Edges Finished in Most Superb Style.

lames of Owners wil! be Stamped on Each Volume

AND WILL BE SOLD AT r\ Address:

fit a I'iui fgJA

H tr, CD 34".''WM> w oa o HI fe!

fel <J Kj feJ <3 o W »—

« It"!r« i—«i to* 8?

luiWo?§:

If—

a o •yaamMKi

3)Trmi^C^ TV^e Famous Hot Springs north of Salt Lake

City have been purchased and fitted up for the comfort and, convenience of patrons.

Large and JElegant Bath Rooms have been erected,, and every facility is being afforded, the pleasure and health seeker for the enjoyment of these delightful and health-giving waters.

Analysis and Testimonials of their Medicinal Properties will be published at an early day.

iw r mm Have been effected by their use.

Hot Springs Water to Bathe in.

Hot Springs Water to Drink.

Svtty Ste&idmi ihmdd £Ftij <Ji.

.

.

. $mt^ $Mi'ciM ihmild tfty <Jt.

We are confident that at an, early date Hot Springs Water will be classed, among the Best Medicinal Waters in the world.

|ipitFilite|®ipi|, INCORPORATED.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

Junius F. Wells, President, Moses Thatcher, Vice-President,

B. H. Roberts, Secretary and Treasurer,

Heber J. Grant, Orson F. Whitney.

The Contributor, Volume Seven, con"taining the valuable historical series "The Missouri (Persecutions,"illustrated, and a great variety of the best home literature, is now being published.

We respectfully solicit the subscription of every young man and woman in Israel, believing they will be amply repaid in reading the Magazine.

Agents will please send in lists without delay.

The terms of subscription are $2.00 a year, in advance, and for $2.25, in advance, the numbers will be sent, and when returned at the end of the volume WILL BE BOUND

FREE.

(Bound volumes for the first six years are now on hand, and will be sold in com"plete sets for $15.00;

single volumes, except Vol. 4, $2.50 each.

Ten per cent to agents for collections.

Address The Contributor Company, Salt Lake City.

Retail Dealers inJSverg Description of GEHERAL MERCHANDISE, DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, BOOTS $ SHOES, GROCERIES.

Combination of the Popular Firms of Wooiley Bros.,

I*. D. & A. Young and Hardy Bros. & Burton.

i ^S-A-ST TElVvdl^ILjIE!

ST., Opposite Z. C ZLVL". I Capital Stock, $100,000.

Fully Paid Up, $100,000.

6PP, ODEIili % 60., (Itujorporatt&.) SO^.^2,35 OP IDIiaiECT'OISS:

HEBER J. GRANT, Prest, JOSHUA F. GRANT, Vice-Pr«»t., F. M. LYMAN.

JOHN HENRY SMITH, W W RITER °- A '^°OlLEY,.

vv.

vv. KiitK, GEORGE T. ODELL, Secy, and Traas.

We are prepared to conduct an extensive trade in Wagons, Carriages,

Farm Implements, etc., AND SOLICIT EXAMINATION OF OUR GOODS AND PRICES.

,'•&.

'3?

3:

oB MI^aH^Iyly WAGON, UNEXCELLED FOR, DURABILITY, Gilpin Sulky Plow, Walter A.

Woods Harvesters, Massillon Threshers, Gale Plows and Rakes, Concord Harness, Buffalo Barbed Wire, GENERAL AGRICULTURAL SUPPLIES.

Half Block South of Theatre, s-A-X-iiT i_.-^:k:e: citt, ttt-a.:^.