Your $iil»serip*ioii Fxpfres with the next number. Please rent v,:tl once, ami save delay.

Galileo* iig> your iiiuiil»ers are*!

I»!»v*» M«em fVu»»d.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

No,.11.

I AUGUST, 1SS6.

I vol. vii.

I——.—X-—.—i—

SF?e A MONTHLY MAGAZINE OF HOME LITERATURE.

REPRESENTS THE JUNIUS F. WELLS, EDITOR.

PUBLISHED BY THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR AUGUST, 1886.

PAGK.

The Missouri Persecuti ons.

XI „.B.

H. Roberts Up Broadway R. W.

Young Francesca Da Riniirr Julius Debrincke Liverpool Doc's and City Graphic v Logan Temple Lectures.

Political Economy—W01 k and W ages.. C.

VI. Nibley Hale A Ka La ".

J. M.

Memorial Day //.

W. A 7..

Editorials:

The Twenty-Fourth Vo canic Eruptions in New Zealand

Newhaven...

S.......

Julian's Attempt to Restore Paganism

T. Y. Stanford Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conference—Sevier T7vra/tc:b.es, Clocks dc TeTxrelr37\.

A Fine Assortment of Reliable Goods at

Reasonable Prices.

Main Street, Salt Lake City.

*F0R> un nmia hubs doors, widow blinds,

GO TO THE ^>V.

„Scroll-Sawino Ti ty /, n Scroll-Sawi?i9 7, Stain, GonntsTs. 5ta Frosts, Hatimi Maniles, Etc, to Order -eialf Elocle SovLtix of TX. C. IS. IS. DDepot.

£*5 D at* £3

'•* M THE S* 1MM mw.

#7"j». O. JBoa; a^ WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN ORY GOODS, GROCERIES, ROOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS AND ALB KINDS OP BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

$k <^» W® VI Ipiip L*<i XMSlCftd E- »"rcT.|tMtl>.

CAEPBTS, Mfe Papers, Feathers, Baby Carriages, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL, ISS7 TO FIKST SOUTH 8TREET, attaeOm gkm Orders by Jf«& SALT LAKE G!TY.

1l>0an %>.

Z. C. M.

I.

flF William Sanders, Mahauer.

»yff V^'»v yr»Tfyyv r v yvy v"y^ 3Rrmn{It, OFFERS A WHOLESALE AND RETAIL, FULL LINE OF MEN'S YOUTH^anaJOYS'CLOTHING.

Champion Monitor, Charter Oak, and other

Heating and Cooking STOVES.

SCHOOL AND BLANK JBOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, ETC., ETC.

OTEBAL MEUUIBIH, Ibk S®REHO¥EI mm m UfaJSS OPPOSITE Z.

O.

3Vt.

I.

Esesa sEsaEaszEBSaiiaMaKsasa£aazsfcB!iW5E3^SE5aHaESEHaae£i5SE!EEsa3HSEsaB£

P^O?

H^L^i^j TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO The Largest Sale of any Tobacco in the World.

SEE __JBflT BEARS THE POPULAR BECAUSE RELIABLE For Sale by all the Stores of the Z, C, M, I.

COAL! COAL! COAL!

I'll.© Celebrated.

Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, Charcoal, Coke, Pig Iron, Wood.

8END YOUR ORDERS TO SELLS, BTTSKTOILT dC CO,, 146 Main St., Next Door to Barratt Broa.

Telephone 211.

GET YOUE TICKETS EAST -VIAHester & Rio Kbaidk Railway,

The Scenic Route of America.

QUICK TIME, SAFE and PLEASANT CARS.

SST Close Connections with all Points East and South.

OFFICE:

Cor. East Telle and Secoi South

Sts, Salt Me City.

«*** Y In relation to if aL x!fc ThAnoAnlnnfFtiili!

Tbe people of Utah*, are sensibly united'..

In pi'efering those '-.

made at Z. C. M. I r?

SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brans.

ELIAS MORRIS, Plaster of Paris Manufacturer, BUILDER and CONTRACTOR, P.O.

Box 1065.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Dr. Seymour B. Yonng, Office and Residence, 4th East

St., between South Temple and 1st South Sts.

DAVID JAMES & CO., Plumbers, Tinners, Gas and Steam fitters.

Water Pipes Laid to Order.

Dealers in Pumps, Hose and Iron Pipes, ^tqX) SHEET X/H-AX).

Office and Work] Shop, 67 and 69 Main St.

GRANT BROS., LIVERY COMPANY.

First Class Feed, Sale and Livery Stables.

BUGGIES, CARRIAGES AND EXCURSION WAGONS TURNED OUT IN THE BEST STYLE.

Specialty IVTade of Improve Your Slock, and lei Us Handle Them.

Second South Street.

SALT LAKE CITY.

DHY w fcQI W Every Description of STAPLE AND FANCY DRY GOODS, CARPETS, CLOTHING, BOOTS AND SHOES.

II mt =$ X3k

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. VII.

AUGUST, 1886.

No.

11.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

The mob forces were gathering from all quarters to destroy Far West.

Niel Gilliam was in the west urging the citizens to drive the Mormons from the State.

Lucas and Wilson, who will be remembered as active leaders of the mob which expelled the Saints from Jackson County, were collecting those same mob forces; while General Clark was in the south raising companies of men to carry out the exterminating order of Governor Boggs.

In addition to these preparations for the destruction of the Saints, in the counties immediately surrounding Caldwell, there was a general uprising of the old settlers under no particular leadership, but roaming through the scattered settlements of the Saints in small bands, murdering, stealing stock, house burning, whipping the men and driving the terror stricken women and children from their homes.

In fact, the whole country surrounding Far West was infested with a merciless banditti, which daily were guilty of the most atrocious deeds of cruelty.

Those of the Saints living in a scattered condition over the prairie, who were fortunate enough to escape with their lives, came running into Far West at all times of day and night, white with fear.

Let it here be said that the Prophet Joseph had counseled his people to settle in villages, and have their farms on the outskirts thereof, after the pattern, as far as circumstances would permit, of the plan given by revelation for building up the city of Zion, described in the first number of this series of articles.

He had urged, in addition to the improved opportunities this plan would give them for educating their children, etc., that they would be in a better condition to defend themselves against their enemies.

But the Saints, at least many of them, would not hearken to this advice, but now that the enemy was upon them, when it was too late for them to profit by it, they could see the wisdom of it.

It was one of these marauding bands, under the leadership of Nehemiah Cornstock, which was guilty of that fiendish massacre at Haun's Mill, on the thirtieth of October.

Haun's Mill was between ten and twelve miles nearly due east of

Far West, on the south bank of Shoal

Creek,which takes a meandering course,* though in the main flowing east, and finally empties into Grand River.

All told there were perhaps about thirty families of the Saints located at Haun's

Mill, several of which had just recently arrived from the eastern states, and were camped in their wagons and tents behind an old blacksmith's shop adjacent to the mill.

The banks of the stream were lined with a growth of scattered trees and an undergrowth of hazel and other brush; while back from the banks is the rather sharp rolling prairie.

This little body of Saints had been threatened by mobs for some time and were therefore on their guard.

On the twenty-eighth of October, however, Colonel Jennings, of Livingston County, whose band of mobbers had been most menacing to the peace and safety of the

Saints, sent one of his men to the settle-

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

ment to make a treaty of peace.

This proposition of peace was gladly accepted by the Saints, in fact, it was what they most devoutly prayed for.

There was to be mutual forbearance, and each party was to exert itself to the extent of its influence to prevent further hostilities.

There were other mobs collecting in the vicinity, however, who were not affected by this agreement of peace entered into by the Saints and Colonel

Livingston.

One particularly on Grand River, at Wm. Mann's residence. Hence the Saints remained under arms.

i The thirtieth of October, the day on which the fearful tragedy occurred, is said by some of the survivors to have been a most beautiful one:

One of those days in mid-autumn, when smoky mists hang about the horizon—the sure sign of the Indian summer; when the sun shines with all the brightness, but without the scorching heat of August; when the gentle breeze rustles through the ripened corn and softly stirs the leaves of the forests that have been kissed by the early frosts and autumn sun to purple and gold, and all the shades and tints known to the practiced eye of the artist; when the sinking sun paints the heavens with new glories; and when hill and plain, and stream and sky, forest and field all reflect the fullness of nature's beauties.

Oh, is it not passing strange that one of God's fairest days should be made to look upon so foul &. 'deed as that committed at Haun's Mill!

The merry laughter of the children as they played upon the banks of

Shoal Creek, mingled with the snatches of songs the mothers sang as they went about their domestic employment, made sweet music to the fathers engaged in gathering the crops, or guarding the mills.

In their neighborhood all apparently was peace, and no premonitory shuddering warned the Saints of their approaching fate.

It burst upon them -with all the suddeness of a clap of thunder from a cloudless sky.

The sun had sunken more than halfway down the western sky, when some of those on guard saw a large body of armed and mounted men approaching the mill at full speed.

They came through the scattering timber on the bank of the creek to the edge of the prairie, where they formed themselves in a three square position with a vanguard.

David Evans ran out to meet them, swinging his hat and crying,"Peace,peace!"But there was no peace.

The Saints by this time were in the wildest state of excitement, and running in every direction, many of the men taking refuge in an old blacksmith shop not far from the mill.

The leader of the mob, numbering two hundred and forty, fired his gun, and after a pause of a few seconds about a hundred shots were fired into the old blacksmith shop, and at those fleeing for the protection of the woods.

The mob then rode up to the shop and fired through the space between the logs until as they thought, all had been killed or mortally wounded.

They then entered, and among the dead and dying found Sardius Smith, a lad about twelve years old, who in his fear had crawled under the bellows for safety.

He was dragged from his place of concealment by a Mr. Glaze, who placed the muzzle of his gun near the boy's head and literally shot off the top of it; the inhuman wretch afterwards shamelessly boasting of his damning deed.

His brother, Alma, a boy of eight summers, was shot through the hip.

He had seen his father and brother shot down, and fearing if he moved the heartless wretches would shoot him again, he remained quiet among the dead until he heard the voice of his mother gently calling his name in the darkness.

She nursed him tenderly, prayerfully, and under the inspiration of heaven made such a collection of herbs and barks with which she dressed his wound that he recovered, grew to manhood, and now lives respected by those who know him in Coalville, Summit County.

Thomas McBride, an old gray haired veteran of the American Revolution, was met by a number of the mob in front of Mr.

Haun's house.

The old man, trembling with age rather than from fear, surrendered his gun, saying:

"Spare my life, I am a Revoluionary

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

soldier."But the inhuman wretch to whom he made this simple, pathetic appeal, sufficient to have moved adamantine hearts, shot the veteran down with his own gun, and then a Mr. Rogers, of Daviess County, fell upon him and hacked him to pieces with an old corn cutter. And there lay the veteran soldier of the Revolution, covered with a score of unsightly wounds, either of which alone had been fatal—his brains oosing from his cracked skull, and his white hairs crimsoned with his gore!

Oh, a hard fate to overtake one of that noble band, who gave the best years of his life to his country's service, that liberty might survive oppression!

As night drew over the ghastly scene about Haun's Mill her sable mantle, those who had escaped to the woods returned to learn the fate of their friends.

We must not dwell upon the awful night as wives with bursting hearts sought for their husbands, and mothers searched for their sons among the mangled bodies of the dead.

Nor need we pause to relate in detail the horrid sights revealed by the morning light.

According to the statement of the leaders of the mob, they had fired seven rounds each, making in all some sixteen hundred shots fired at a company in which there were not more than thirty men.

Nineteen of the men and boys were killed outright in this inhuman butchery, and some twelve to fifteen were wounded more or less severely.

The few men who escaped with their lives, the following day carried the bodies of the slain to an old vault which had been dug for a well, and there the butchered were interred in haste, as those performing these rude, sad offices were under fear of the mob returning every moment to massacre the survivors of the tragedy of the day before.

This Haun's Mill butchery may very properly be regarded as the first fruits of Governor Bogg's exterminating order.

On the twenty-eighth of October, Colonel Jennings, of Livingston County had entered into a treaty of peace with the

Saints at Haun's Mill, and each party was to use whatever of influence it possessed for peace; and while we cannot learn whether that same colonel was in the company which did the killing or not, still it is known that a few days after the massacre, he, in company with other leading men in Upper Missouri, among whom was Mr. Ashby, member of the State legislature from Chariton, went about threatening the lives of the survivors, stealing their property, laying waste their crops, and running off their stock.

Our own idea of the circumstances-is, that after the treaty of peace entered into on the twenty-eighth, Colonel Jenning's men with other mob forces, heard of the exterminating order of Boggs, and gathered together under the leadership of Comstock and undertook to carry out the monstrous edict that was worthy a Nero, a Caligula, or a

Domitian.

In the meantime the mob forces, called "the governor's troops,"had gathered about Far West to the number of two thousand two hundred men, armed and equipped for war.

The main body of these forces had marched from Richmond under the command of Major General Samuel D. Lucas, starting on the twenty-ninth of October.

The following day he was joined by the forces of General Doniphan at the ford of Log

Creek, not far from Far West.

Here they received the exterminating order of Governor Boggs.

This order made no provisions for the protection of the innocent, the Mormons were either to be exterminated or driven from the State, regardless of their guilt or innocence.

On the morning of the thirtieth, the citizens of Far West had been informed of the approach of large bodies of armed men from the south, and had sent out a company ofone hundred and fifty of their number to learn the character of these forces, whether they were friendly or otherwise.

They were soon convinced that their intentions were hostile, but found some difficulty in returning to Far

West without being captured by the mob forces. As they approached Far West in the evening, they were discovered by

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

General Doniphan who received permission from General Lucas to try and capture them;

but having a superior knowledge of the ground, they escaped.

Seeing this body of men approach, what militia there was in Far West was drawn up in line just south of the city to oppose the advance of the formidable enemy.

Both parties sent out a flag of truce, which met between the two forces.

In answer to the inquiry of the citizens of Far West as to who the mob forces were and what their intentions, the reply was, "We want three persons out of the city before we massacre the rest."* Hostilities, however, were postponed until the next day, and the mob began the work of encampment along the borders of a small stream called Goose Creek.

During the night the Saints constructed, as best they could,some rude fortifications south of the city, and were reinforced in the night by Lyman Wight and a small body of men from Diahman.

The mob forces were strengthened during the night by the arrival from the west of Niel Gilliam's forces, who were dressed and painted like Indians, and doubtless more savage than the savages whose dress, paint, and horrid yells they aped.

The mob forces under Comstock with their hands dripping with the blood of their Haun's Mill victims, also joined Lucas during the night, thirsting for more innocent blood.

That was a terrible night of suspense at Far West.

The people had learned of the massacre at Haun's Mill;

they knew the murderous intentions of the mob forces encamped within two miles of their homes, and outnumbering their forces by more than four to one, and clothed with a seeming authority by the highest officer in the State to resist which, however outrageous or barbarous it was, would give further excuse for their extermination.

Oh, how true the divine expression: "When the wicked rule, the people mourn!"P.

P.

Pratt's Autobiography, page 201.

The man sent out with the flag of truce on the part of the Saints was C. C. Rich.

It was with heavy hearts and sinking hopes that the Saints watched the first approach of the gray dawn in the eastern sky that ushered in the thirty-first of October. About eight o'clock a flag of truce was sent out;

Joseph and other Church writers say by the mob forces;

Lucas in his report to Governor Boggs says:

"I received a message from Colonel

Hinkle, the commander of the Mormon forces, [Caldwell militia] requesting an interview with me on an eminence near Far West, which he would designate by hoisting a white flag.

I sent him word I would meet him at two o'clock p.m., being so much engaged in receiving and encamping fresh troops, who were hourly coming in, that I could not attend before."It may be, judging from the subsequent treacherous conduct of Colonel Hinkle, that he sent a secret messenger to Lucas requesting an interview, and that the white flag sent out by the mob forces, of which our Church historians speak, and which was met by Hinkle in person with a few others, was sent to give General Lucas'answer to Hinkle's earlier request for an interview.

At any rate the truce flag was sent out and met by some of the brethren, among whom was Hinkle;

and if anything special was learned, or accommodations arranged, or understanding arrived at by the conference held with the enemies'flag of truce, our writers have failed to mention it.

The reasonable conclusion is, therefore, that that flag of truce merely brought to Colonel Hinkle the information that Lucas could not meet him until two o'clock; and that Hinkle did meet him at that time;

and upon his own responsibility, without consulting with the citizens of Far West or their leaders, entered into, and bound the people to the following terms of capitulation:

"1st. To give up all their [the Church] leaders to be tried and punished.

"2d. To make an appropriation of their property, all who have taken up arms, to the payment of their debts, and indemnify for damage done by them.

"3d. That the balance should leave the state, and be protected out by the militia, but to

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

remain until further orders were received from the Commander in Chief.

"4th. To give up their arms of every description, to be receipted for."

According to Lucas'statement, Hinkle, while he readily accepted these terms of capitulation, desired to postpone the matter until the following morning;

to which Lucas replied that if that was done he would demand that Joseph Smith Junior, Sidney Rigdon, Lyman Wight, Parley P. Pratt, and George W.

Robinson be surrendered to his custody as hostages for his faithful compliance with the foregoing terms; and if after reflection and consultation the people decided to reject the terms offered them, these hostages were to be returned at the point where they were delivered into his possession.* Let us pause here for a moment's reflection.

If Lucas intended to deliver up those men again, what advantage was it for him to have them.

According to his own statement he offered Hinkle terms of capitulation which he and the people affected were to consider and report their conclusions upon the following day; but Lucas demands the principal Mormon leaders as hostages for the faithful performance of what? merely to bind them to consider the terms of capitulation, according to Lucas'statement; and if those terms were rejected after due consideration and consultation, these hostages were to be restored to the people.

Was there any need of hostages being given to insure the consideration of the terms of surrender offered?

Well no, not under the circumstances. The whole thing was a plan to get the leaders of the Church into the hands of the mob.that their lives might be taken, and the governor's order of extermination or banishment be carried out without the mob running the risk of some of them loosing their lives;

as the mob believed the people would submit to any injustice or indignity, rather than endanger the lives of * Report of Lucas to Governor Boggs, dated

November 2d, 1838.

Headquarters near Far "West.

their leaders by resisting it.

These men were demanded as a pledge that the whole infamous agreement between Lucas and Hinkle should be faithfully performed on Hinkle's part; and not to insure the consideration of his terms of surrender as Lucas clumsily puts it.

As we proceed with our narrative we shall see that Lucas never intended to restore the prisoners to their friends.

Hinkle returned from the secret consultation with Lucas, and about four o'clock in the afternoon told Joseph Smith and the other men Lucas demanded as hostages, that the leaders of the Governor's troops desired a consultation with them outside the city limits.

Accordingly these men, in company with Hinkle, walked out of Far West in the direction of the enemy's encampment.

When midway between the mob's encampment and Far West, the little band of brethren were met by the mob forces.

Lucas occupied a central place, followed by fifty artillery men, with a four-pounder; while the remainder of the forces, amounting to over two thousand, came up on the right and left of Lucas.

As soon as Lucas came up, Lyman Wight shook hands with him and said:

"We understand, General, you wish to confer with us a few moments, will not to-morrow morning do as well?"

Here Colonel Hinkle said:

"General Lucas, these are the prisoners

I agreed to deliver to you."Lucas brandished his sword and told these men from Far West that they were his prisoners, and that they would march into his camp without further delay.

"At this moment,"says Lyman Wight, "I believe there were five hundred guns cocked and twenty caps bursted, and more hideous yells were never heard, even if the description of the yells of the damned in hell is true as given by the modern sects of the- day,"* Especially horrible and threatening were the yells and threats of Niel Gilliam's company, costumed and painted as Indians.

The prisoners had been basely * Wight's Affidavit, Times and Seasons, Vol.

iv, page 267.

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

betrayed by Hinkle, as he had never consulted with them or any of the leaders of the people in relation to the terms of surrender offered by Lucas;

and by misrepresentation he had induced them to place themselves into the hands of their implacable enemies.

So long as treason is detested, and traitors despised, so long will the memory of Colonel Hinkle be execrated for his vile treachery.

On reaching the enemy's tamp, ninety men were called out to guard the prisoners.

Thirty were on this duty at a time; two hours on and four hours off.

The prisoners lay in the open air 'with nothing as a covering, and they were drenched with rain before morning.

All night long they were mocked and taunted by the guard, who demanded signs, saying, "Come, Mr.

Smith, show us an angel, give us one of your revelations, show us a miracle;"* mingling these requests with the vilest oaths.

Sidney Rigdon had an attack of apoplectic fits, which afforded much merriment to the brutal guard.

All night long the prisoners were compelled to listen to the filthy obscenity of those who watched them, and hear them relate their deeds of rapine and murder, and boast of their conquest over virtuous wives and maidens by brute force.

Thus the wretched night passed away.

The morning following, which was the first of November, Hyrum Smith and

Amasa Lyman were brought into the mob's camp.

According to Hinkle's agreement the militia in Far West was marched out of the city and grounded their arms, which were taken possession of by Lucas,.although they were not State arms, but were the private property of the men who carried them.

The mob was now let loose upon the unarmed citizens of Far West, and under the pretext of searching for arms they ransacked every house, tore up the floors,upset haystacks, wantonly destroyed much property, and shot down a number of stock just for the sport it afforded them.

The people P. P. Pratt's Biography, page 204.

were robbed of their most valuable property, insulted.and whipped;

'but this was not the worst.

The chastity of a number of women was defiled by force; some of them having been strapped to benches and repeatedly ravished by brutes in human form until they died from the effects of this treatment.

At night a court-martial was held, consisting of some fourteen militia officers among whom were Colonel Hinkle and about twenty priests of the different denominations.

Of course our Presbyterian friends Sashiel Woods and Bogart were among them; and in addition to these spiritual dignitaries, there was the Circuit Judge, Austin A. King, and the District Attorney, Mr. Birch.

The decision of the court was that the prisoners should be shot the following morning at eight o'clock, in the public square of Far West in the presence of their families, as an example to the Mormon people.

Colonel Hinkle visited Hyrum Smith, and told him that a court-martial had been held and that he had contended for his (Hyrum's) acquital, but it availed nothing, and all were to be shot the next morning.

General Wilson had made an effort during the day to corrupt Lyman Wight, and get him to testify to something against Joseph Smith, but in this he failed.

About the^time Hinkle went to Hyrum, Wilson took Wight aside and told him the decision of the court-martial.

"Shoot and be damned,"said Wight.

About this time General Doniphan came up to Wilson and Wight and addressing the latter, he said:

''Colonel, the decision is a damned hard one, but I wash my hands against such cold-blooded murder."And he further said that he intended to remove his troops the following day as soon as light, that they should not witness such heartless murder.

General Graham and a few others, whose names unfortunately have not been preserved, had voted against the decision of the court-martial, but it availed nothing.

The bold stand, taken by General Doniphan the next morning, in removing his troops and denouncing

THE MISSOLRI PERSECUTIONS.

the execution of the prisoners as cold-blooded murder, alarmed Lucas, and he changed his mind about executing the decision of the courtmartial;

in fact he revoked the decree, and placed the prisoners in charge of General Wilson with instructions to conduct them to Independence.

Before starting, the prisoners were conducted into Far West, permitted to get a change of linen, and take leave of their families, though in the presence of a brutal guard.

This parting which they had good reason to believe was their final one, was very distressing.

Yet it was born, with manly fortitude. Parley P. Pratt's wife was sick with a fever, with an infant at her breast.

The roof of the miserable hovel in which she lay, afforded but little protection from the drizzling rain which at the time was falling.

His large comfortable house had been pulled down by the mob, and he had been forced to find temporary shelter in this hovel, for his sick wife and her young family.

Stretched out on the foot of the bed, on which his wife lay, was another woman that had been driven from her home the night before, who now was in the throes of child-birth.

To leave a family sick and helpless and destitute and exposed to the insults of a lawless band of murderers,"would appall the, stoutest heart.

In tears Elder Pratt went to General Wilson ant! told him the circumstances of his family with the view of getting time to provide for their comfort, but he was only answered with a mocking, exultant laugh.

The wife of Hyrum Smith was near her confinement, yet he was compelled to take his leave of her in the presence of his brutal guard, who peremptorily ordered her to get her husband a change of clothing within two minutes or he would be compelled to go without them; and after securing the clothing he was rudely hustled out of the house to join the rest of the prisoners.

The separation of Sidney Rigdon from his family was scarcely less distressing, and Joseph had been as roughly torn away from his family.

The prisoners were placed in a wagon around which crowded the friends and relatives, among whom were the aged parents of Joseph and Hyrum, their hearts wrung with anguish and their eyes blinded with tears, as they beheld their noble sons in the hands of their merciless enemies. No one was allowed to speak to them, the silent pressure of the hand was the only token of affection granted, and the wagon containing the prisoners moved on, surrounded by its military guard, and followed by the prayers of heart sick wives and a grief stricken people.

Leaving the prisoners to pursue their journey to Independence, let us relate what happened about Far West and Diahman.

Joseph and his fellow prisoners were started for Jackson County on the second of November, and General Clark arrived at Far West on the fourth.

In the meantime, Lucas had sent Niel Gilliam's company and a part of General Parks'brigade, under command of General Parks, with orders to surround Diahman and disarm the people.

And just before Clark arrived, Lucas, too, went to Diahman.

The first thing done by Clark, was to send orders to General Lucas to take all the men among the Mormons prisoners, and secure their property, with a view of paying with it the damages that had been sustained by the old settlers.

After this, the brethren remaining at Far West were drawn up in line, and the names of fifty-six called off, and as they stepped out from the line, they were put under arrest to await a trial, though they were not informed as to the nature of the charge against them.

After these fiftysix had been secured, General Clark addressed himself to the remainder, and referred them to the terms of accommodation that Hinkle had arranged for them without their consent, and even without consulting with them, in relation to the matter.

Yet General Clark as rigidly enforced those terms as if the people had drafted them, or had given them their sanction after they were drafted.

The first item in the terms of capitulation

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

was, that the leaders of the people should be given up to be dealt with according to law.

"This,"said Clark, "you have complied with."The second item was that they should deliver up their arms.

"This has been attended to,"said the general.

The third stipulation was that they sign over their property to defray the expenses of the war.

"This you have also done,"complacently went on Clark.

Yes, the Saints had signed away their property at the point of the musket, while the mob which compelled them to go to such extremes, mocked them with their taunts and sneers, unchecked by the officers who commanded them.

After enumerating the things the Saints had complied with, the self-important general concluded his speech, which for mocked piety and coldblooded cruelty stands unsurpassed—in these words:

"Another article yet remains for you to comply with, and that is, that you leave the State forthwith; and whatever may be your feelings concerning this, or whatever your innocence, it is nothing to me.

General Lucas, who is equal in authority with me, has made this treaty with you—I approve of it—I should have done the same had I been here—I am therefore determined to see it fulfilled.

The character of this state has suffered almost beyond redemption, from the character, conduct, and influence that you have exerted.

And we deem it an act of justice to restore her character to its former standing among the states by every proper means.

The orders of the Governor to me were, that you should be exterminated, and not allowed to remain in the State, and had your leaders not been given up and the terms of the treaty complied with, before this you and your families would have been destroyed, and your houses in ashes.

There is a discretionary power vested in my hands which I shall exercise in your favor for a season, for this lenity you are indebted to my clemency.

I do not say that you shall go now, but you must not think of staying here another season, or of putting in crops;

for the moment you do this, the citizens will be upon you.

If I am called here again in case of a non-compliance of a treaty made, do not think that I shall act any more as I have done, you need not expect any mercy, but extermination, for I am determined the governor's order shall be executed.

As for your leaders do not once think—do not imagine for a moment—do not let it enter your mind, that they will be delivered or that you will see their faces again, for their fate is fixed—their die is cast.

Their doom is sealed.

I am sorry, gentlemen, to see so great a number of apparently intelligent men found in the situation that you are; and oh, that I could invoke that Great Spirit, the unknown God, to rest upon you and make you sufficiently intelligent to break that chain of superstition and liberate you from those fetters of fanaticism, with which you are bound, that you no longer worship a man.

I would advise you to scatter abroad and never again organize yourselves with Bishops, Presidents, etc., lest you excite the jealousies of the people and subject yourselves to the same calamities that have now come upon you.

You have always been the aggressors;

you have brought upon youselves these difficulties by being disaffected and not being subject to rule; and my advice is that you become as other citizens, lest by a recurrence of these events,you bring upon yourselves irretrievable ruin."

After listening to this harrangue—this mixture of hypocrisy and conceit, affected pity and heartless cruelty, pretended patriotism and willful treason—the fiftysix brethren who had been arrested, for what, they knew not, neither did Clark appear able to inform them, were sent to Richmond where they were to be tried and the remainder were dismissed to provide food and fuel for their families, and make preparations for leaving the State.

Governor Boggs appeared anxious about'having his exterminating orders carried into effect, and occasionally stirred up Clark's pure mind to a lively remembrance of what he expected him to do, by sending him messages from time to time.

Here is a specimen received directly after Clark had sent the fifty-six prisoners to Richmond:

"It will be necessary that you hold a military court of inquiry in Daviess County, and arrest the Mormons, who have been guilty of the late outrages committed towards the inhabitants of said county.

My instructions to you are to settle this whole matter completely, if possible before you disband your forces;

if the Mor-

THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

mons are disposed voluntarily to leave the State, of course it would be advisable in you to promote that object in any way deemed proper.

The ringleaders ought by no means to be permitted to escape the punishment they merit."

As if inspired to new zeal by the receipt of this message, Clark ordered General Wilson, who, in the meantime, had returned from Jackson County, to go to Diahman and take charge of all the prisoners at that place, and ascertain those who had committed crimes, put them under close guard, and when he moved to take them to Keytesville, the county seat of Chariton County, and between seventy and eighty miles from

Diahman.

A number of the brethren were taken prisoners at Diahman and were examined before Judge Adam Black, one of the ringleaders of the mob, and one of the main hands in bringing about the whole trouble.

But even he was obliged to acquit the brethren, brought before him, as they were innocent of the charges made against them.

At the close of their examination, General Wilson ordered all the Saints to leave Diahman within ten days, with permission to move into Caldwell County, and remain until spring, when they were to leave the State.

A committee of twelve men were granted the privilege of moving about freely between Far West and Diahman, with permission to move the corn and household goods from Diahman to Far

West.

The stock, or the most of it, was taken possession of by the mob-militia.

The committee of twelve were to wear white badges on their hats in order that they they might be easily recognized by the forces that would be detailed to watch the movements of the Saints.

By this arrangement the Saints at Diahman were driven from their comfortable homes to camp out through a long, dreary and severe winter in their wagons and tents, by reason of which exposure many perished, among whom were delicate women and children.

It is time now that we turn our attention to what befell Joseph and his fellow prisoners.

The first day from Far West they made twelve miles, camping at night on Crooked River.

A strong guard was placed around the prisoners, who watched them closely.

The next morning the Prophet Joseph had a word of comfort for his brethren.

He spoke to each one quietly, saying:

"Be of good cheer brethren, the word of the

Lord came to me last night that our lives should be given us; and that whatever we might suffer during this captivity, not one of our lives should be taken."* The reader will pardon us if we anticipate sufficiently to say that this remarkable prophecy was verily fulfilled, not one of their lives was sacrificed.

The same day this prophecy was made, the prisoners reached the Missouri River and were hurried across into Jackson County, for General Clark had sent to Lucas to have the prisoners sent to him at Richmond;

but Wilson was determined to exhibit the prisoners at Independence.

On the journey Wilson became more friendly towards his prisoners and conversed freely with them in relation to the disturbances which had taken place in Jackson County in 1833.

Our readers will remember General Wilson as the man who kept a store about one mile west of Big Blue, and seven or eight miles west of Independence, and who was active in driving the Saints from Jackson County and burning their homes.

Of the part he took in these damnable proceedings he boasted as if it was some laudable work he had accomplished, though he admitted that he and his associates then, as now, were the aggressors and that the manner of life followed by the Saints was blameless.

On the fourth the prisoners and their guards arrived at Independence, and though it was raining, the prisoners were driven about the streets for the purpose of exhibiting them to the crowds which had come together to see them.

They were placed in an old vacant house where many came to see them during that and the following day.

Among those who came on the first day was a lady,who innocently inquired which * Autobiography of P. P. Pratt, page 210.

4io UP BROADWAY.

one of the men it was the Mormons worshiped.

Joseph was pointed out to her as the one, and she inquired of him if he professed to be the Lord and Savior.

To which he replied that he "professed to be nothing but a man, and a minister of salvation, sent by Jesus Christ to preach the Gospel."This astonished the lady and her eager questions brought out from Joseph, ever willing to preach the Gospel either in freedom or in bondage, a discourse on the principles he was sent to teach. The lady broke down in tears, and left their dingy prison with a prayer for their safety and deliverance.

Joseph's native eloquence and the truth he advocated had gained another triumph, for not only was the lady overcome with what she heard, but it had its effect upon all who listened.

In a day or two they were removed from their miserable quarters where the floor had been their bed and a block of wood their pillow, to the best hotel in the city, where they were treated kindly and allowed to move about pretty freely, with a small guard to watch their movements.

Subsequently, however, they had to pay their own expense at this hotel, and exorbitant charges were made for every comfort afforded them.

But here we must leave them for the present.

B. H. Roberts.

UP BROADWAY.

From the southernmost point of the long and narrow Manhattan Island, ferries diverge, two to Brooklyn, one to Governor's, and two to Staten Island.

In the summer, the Staten Island ferry slips are used by the Coney Island boats.

Four elevated railroads, the Second, Third, Sixth and Ninth Avenue lines, have at this busy point, a station in common, from which they spread out gradually, until they reach their channels, and these run in parallel directions miles up the island;

one, the South Avenue line, up to one hundred and fifty-fifth street, a distance of about twelve miles.

At South Ferry, the name of the station on the elevated roads and the accepted designation for the vicinity, you have, also, at your command, if there is not a "tie-up,"the Belt line of street cars, which encircle that part of the city below Central Park; the little Church Street line, running parallel to Broadway for a short distance; and the Broadway line, traversing that great thoroughfare and Seventh Avenue to the Park.

It is seen, then, that this is a great terminal point;

it is, also, the natural terminus of Broadway, which, however reaches an untimely end at Bowling Green, a half mile farther north.

To the left of South Ferry, as you go north, is spread out with respectable dimensions, the Battery Park, a stretch of land of immense value, preserved to the people of the lower wards as a breathing space, from time immemorial, or to use a quaint old law expression, from a time "when the memory of man runneth not to the contrary."Here, the grass, although you must keep off it, and the trees, although you cannot get at them to whittle them, are a welcome change from the crowded streets around.

One evening a week, in the summer, the city, with a generosity that characterizes it in many such things, hires an excellent band to discourse music to the boisterous multitudes which swarm in from the neighborhood.

The Battery, so-called from the old Dutch and English earthworks and fortifications that stood for many years at this place, now has nothing to suggest the origin of its military name.

Where formerly the clumsy ordinance of the Dutch were mounted as a menace to the

Indians; and subsequently, the bristling cannon of the British frowned upon the turbulent colonists, now nothing more warlike is seen than the peaceable tramp, who asks only that the policeman shall leave him alone long enough to catch a

UP BROADWAY.

4ir noonday nap on the park benches; the official grounds of Wouter Von Tweller and Peter Stuyvesant, the Dutch Governors of New Amsterdam, and of Colden, the British governor of New York, have now become the dedicated play ground of the unwashed of the first ward, the Champs-Elysees of the grandsons of Old

Ireland.

And here, also, Columbia puts on her holiday attire, and, as it were, greets the immigrant with a smile, instead of receiving him at the foot of a dirty street, she passes him through Castle Garden into Battery Park.

The park has on the south and west, the North or Hudson River;

on the north, Battery Place, a row, mostly of tumble down saloons, emigrant traps, and railroad officesjn one of the latter, the genial Elder Staines for many years, had his office, a little half room, scarcely large enough to turn around in, reached through a dingy hall.

Elder Staines'successor has continued to occupy the same room, which is now familiar to many of those who have been abroad on missions.

East of Battery Park is State Street, a short thoroughfare that turns out of Whitehall Street near South Ferry, and skirting the park, ends at Bowling Green.

Whitehall Street, the natural continuation of Broadway runs between South Ferry and Bowling Green, in a straight line.

Bowling Green, a half acre of grass, benches and trees, surrounded by a fence, terminates Broadway and turns its traffic into Whitehall and State Streets, and Battery

Place.

Before proceeding up the great street, we may, for a moment, pause to glance back at the locality we are about to leave.

It is not what it once was, business has crept in, society has fled in horror.

Naturally, there was a time in the history of the city when all of its inhabitants clustered around the lower point of the island, it is even within the memory of the middle ages that State andneighboringstreets were the dwelling places of the fashionable.

But society has gone, gone away up town, and is yearly driven farther and farther by the encroachment of business and tenement houses.

From Broad and State Streets, when the Boston mail road led through that rustic lane called the "Bowerie,"residences of the wealthier classes were moved up to the vicinity of the present post office, then the time came, that business pressed so heavily, that people en masse, sought higher locations.

A friend of the writer, and not an old man by any means, tells of the time, as clearly within his recollection, when there was scarcely a house standing on any of the side streets near the post office, so universal was the demolition of residences to give room for the rapid development of business.

Then society went to Second Avenue, and would probably have continued to develop along that street, had it not been for the avarice of speculators, who, in endeavoring to enrich themselves, killed the goose that laid the golden egg, and drove their desired customers over to Fifth Avenue, and here, and in its sister street, Madison Avenue, wealth and fashion have continued.

Vanderbilt's houses, at Fiftieth Street and Fifth Avenue, nearly five miles from the Battery, are now at the centre of style.

Second Avenue has not, however, lost all of its fashion, for in the vicinity of Stuyvesant square, above Fourteenth Street, are still to be found, the Hamilton's, the Fish's, the Stuyvesant's and the Evart's, and S. J. Tilden is not far away, at Gramercy Park.

.

At the very threshhold of Broadway, stands one of the most recent, and most magnificent structures of the city, the Produce. Exchange, a stupendous brick building, with a tower open to the public, two hundred and fifty feet high.

From this tower, the lower part of the city lies stretched before you, a bewildering panorama, the rivers, the bridge, the Bay, green-walled by Staten

Island, Jersey, and Long Island; Brooklyn, with the upper part lost in the uncertain atmosphere incident to a great city.

And here, also, at the entrance to Broadway, is a building, neither new nor tall, and yet as well known, no

UP BROADWAY.

doubt, to many of our people, as the more imposing ones, the Stevens House, for many years the stopping place of our missionaries.

Across a narrow alley, is the office of the Guion line.

Indeed, all of the steamship lines, find offices in the classic neighborhood of Bowling Green.

It is said that at the date of the revolution, this little park contained a statue of the tyrant George

III, which became a sacrifice to the patriotism of the sons of liberty;

also, that the iron fence surrounding the green, the one now standing, was surmounted by round ornaments, which were broken off and used as cannon balls.

At number one, Broadway, stands the eleven story Washington Building, on the site of the old Washington Hotel.

This building overlooks the park and bay, and is the property of the projector of the Atlantic cable, Cyrus W.

Field.

Opposite the Stevens'House is the exceedingly plain, but handsome and enormous building of the Standard Oil Company—the brand new headquarters of a company, whose past has been more successful than its future is promising, due to the fact that petroleum is no longer exclusively an Appalachian product, but is being discovered in large quantities in Russia, Egypt, and other eastern localities.

On up the street we go, passing more steamship offices, express offices, and brokers'offices, into the region of Wall Street.

Opposite the head of Wall Street stands

Trinity Church, a fine structure, the property of a corporation owning acres of land in the most valuable parts of the city, and whose mission churches in the poorest parts of the city, whose schools and charities are numerous.

The church is set amidst a large burying ground, a strange contrast to the busy scenes around—here lie many distinguished persons, for Trinity Church is about the oldest and most fashionable in the city, among them being Alexander Hamilton and "Don't give up the ship"Lawrence.

The land thus preserved sacred to the memory of the departed is of immense value, worth, on a rough estimate, four millions of dollars.

It comprises an entire block, and is, with the exception of a narrow strip on the north, upon which stands a long, tall building, given up to church and churchyard.

Across from this peaceful enclosure, open at all times to those who may desire, for a moment, to step aside from the thronging street, is the head of that well known financial thoroughfare, Wall Street.

It is a narrow, crooked, up and down hill street, not more than a half mile in length, extending only from Broadway to East River.

At the head of the street is a new building called, among the bankers and brokers, "Fort Sherman."The military part of the name comes from its prominent flagstaff;

the latter part of the name from the ex- Secretary of the Treasury, John Sherman, who, it is said, put certain financial advantages in the way of the two banks, that afterwards built the structure, and in one of which, I believe, he is a stockholder.

The Stock Exchange, the Sub-Treasury, the

Custom House, and numerous banks of well-known bankers are on this street.

The entire neighborhood, Broad, New and Nassau Streets, and Echange Place, are crowded with banks and bankers;

banks in the basement and banks in the garret.

Up Broadway from Wall Street, we pass the tall Equitable Insurance Building, in the basement of which are safe deposit vaults, where the silver and bonds of the wealthy are stored, and on the top of which is the signal office with its weather flags by day, and lamps by night hung out for the warning of the shipping in the harbor.

We pass the Western Union office, an unusually tall building, with hundreds of operators in the upper story, and on top a time ball that regulates the time of the city, being dropped at noon by electricity.

We go by the heads of, or cross, many well known streets on our way, as Courtland and Maiden Lane.

The New York Herald Building occupies a valuable corner at the beginning of City Hall Park.

Opposite it, on Broadway, is another, smaller, church

UP BROADWAY.

4*3 and yard, St.

Paul's;

diagonally opposite, also on Broadway, is the Astor House.

On the same side of Broadway, and occupying what was formerly the apex of the City Hall Park, is the Federal Building, known as the Post Office.

Beginning at the Herald Building and running at an angle of fifteen degrees from Broadway, is Park Row, along which are found the offices of nearly every newspaper published in the city, the World, News, Times, Tribune and Sun;

while in the neighboring buildings are located many weeklies and monthlies.

Printing House Square is a little corner, bounded by the Tribune and Times buildings and Park Row.

We have left Broadway, but may reach it by crossing the Park at the north end of the Post Office.

City Hall Park, a breathing space in this crowded district, is partly filled by the City Hall and the

Court House.

A singular fact in the construction of the former building, which dates back about fifty years, is that, while the southern, western and eastern elevations of the building are of marble, the northern front is of red sandstone.

It was thought when it was built that the city would never extend so far out in the country.

New York boasts of five or six thousand lawyers, and a visit to the Court House, where we may find at almost any time a dozen courts of high jurisdiction in session, convinces us that they are not all idle. Due to the growth of its business houses and the increasing wealth of its people, there are, I understand, a thousand millionaires within its gates;

and to the fact that many corporations, railroad and other kinds, doing business in every state and territory of the Union, have their headquarters in New York, and consequently sue and are sued there.

The law business of this city is growing at the expense of that of smaller cities.

It is said that the law business of the country is rapidly seeking two centres,

New York and Washington.

We are now at the Court House, a mile from the Battery.

Here, at Chambers Street is the former retail store of A. T. Stewart, a mile and a half lower this than his later house, which is itself a half mile below the retail shopping centres of the present day.

Broadway is for a distance, now, a monotonous stretch of tall houses, given over to the wholesale trade and offices.

The grade from Chambers Street to Worth is a gentle ascent; from North, there is a heavier descent to Canal Street, the lowest point, I believe, on Broadway.

Canal Street is said to follow an old canal that crossed the city;

it is unusually wide and has a great deal of cross-town traffic;

at the foot of the street, on the Hudson River, are found the piers of many trans-Atlantic lines.

The second street down Canal is Grand, one of the city's principal down town arteries, which crosses from river to river, in the widest part of the island.

A few blocks above is the site and part of the structure of Saint Nicholas Hotel, now used for mercantile purposes;

a block higher, the Metropolitan Hotel, and Niblo's Theatre. At Houston Street, several squares above, we have reached a point two miles from the Battery;

above this street, a square and a half, is the grand Central Hotel at Tenth Street, seven squares above, is the A. T.

Stewart building, now occupied by E. J.

Denning & Co.

Here, we begin to reach the retail district.

It is a convenient feature of the city's growth, that its various wholesale businesses have congregated, each, in a certain neighborhood;

for instance, drugs are to be found in and around William Street, near lower Broadway;

iron and hides and liquors, not far distant;

the banks, around Wall Street; the newspapers, around Printing House Square;

boots and shoes, on Warren, I believe;

glassware and china, near Murray; dry goods has its headquarters, naturally, near H.

B.

Claflin's on Worth Street;

groceries, on West Broadway.

It is well known, also, that the great centres for meats and vegetables are the markets, of which there are several, the principal one being Washington market, nearly west of the Post Office, on Hudson, or North

River; a second in size,

4H UP BROADWAY.

Fulton market, east of the same building on East River.

Park Row, which, as already stated, begins at the Herald building, and runs diagonally with Broadway, becomes, at the entrance to the Brooklyn bridge, opposite the City Hall, Chatham

Street;

which continues along in the same direction for a half mile, and terminates at Chatham Square.

Chatham Street is well known as the abode of the lowest forms of vice;

near it is the historic Five Points, once the most dangerous part of the city, but now as respectable as the neighborhood, and the home, not so much of crime and vice, as of poverty.

Chatham Square is the initial point of the Bowery;

this street, which is nearly parallel to Broadway, and distant from it in no place more than a half mile, is somewhat over a mile long, and terminates at the Cooper Union, on Eighth Street, a short block from Broadway.

The Union divides the Bowery into two streets, Third and Fourth Avenues. The

Bowery is chiefly noted for its cheap theatres, dime museums, and boxing halls;

it has many fine stores, banks, etc., but is, in a word, the centre of attraction for the poor of east side, and the theatre of operations of many of the worst scoundrels of the city.

East of it lie square mile, after square miles of tenement houses.

To resume our Broadway trip at Stewart's, we pass at Tenth Street, the small but symmetrical'Grace Church, with its new marble spire.

And here is the first change in the direction of the street.

At Fourteenth Street, we are obstructed by Union Square.

On this street, immediately to our right, is the Union Square Theatre, and a block further east, the Academy of Music, to our left, the business half mile of retail stores in the city, ending at Sixth Avenue, in that wonderful store kjiown as "Macy's,"where you can buy nearly anything under the sun.

Union Square is decorated with a few statues.

It is bounded by Broadway and Fourth Avenue, and by Fourteenth and Seventeenth Streets, and is in cheerful contrast to the closely built streets around, and really adds much to the beauty and attractiveness of the city, as does Madison square above.

Between these parks are the two principal retail dry goods houses of the city, Arnold, Constable & Co., and Lord & Taylor, and the great carpet house of W.

J.

Sloane.

Opposite the building of the latter, is one of the noticeable features of the city, the Goelet House, a private residence, surrounded by unoccupied ground, while all around are towering stores.

The land is of the greatest value, and, no doubt, many efforts have been made to secure it for building purposes; but its present owner, an elderly lady, it is said, choses to occupy the place, and enjoys the distinction of living in the only residence along the lower two-thirds of the street.

The place is miserably kept, and bears every indication, both on the house and the grounds, of being neglected.

At Twenty-third Street, we reach another of the Broadway breathing places,

Madison Square, slightly larger than Union Square.

This is also a favorite shopping street.

Here at Broadway, or Fifth Avenue, because that avenue crosses Broadway at Madison Square, and the two streets are, for a short distance, merged, stands the Fifth Avenue Hotel;

just above, the Hoffman, and a little higher, in the angle between the street and avenue, the famous restaurant of Delmonico.

Between Madison Square and Thirty-second Street, the crossing of Sixth Avenue, is the favorite home of the theatres; the Fifth Avenue,

Comedy, Bijou, Daly's and Wallack's, are crowded along the street, while the

Madison Square is just around from the Fifth Avenue Hotel, and the Lyceum, a couple of squares away, on Fourth Avenue.

From Union Square to Thirtythird Street is the promenade of fashion.

At Thirth-fifth is Harrigan's Park Theatre, at Thirty-ninth the Casino and the New Metropolitan Opera House.

This part of Broadway is not yet turned over to business—hotels, apartment houses, vacant lots, blacksmith shops, stables and theatres alternate up to

FRANCESCA DA RIMINI.

Central Park, at Fifty-ninth Street, the end of the street, and the beginning of the Boulevard, which is the"natural continuation of Broadway.

We are now five miles from the Battery and at Eighth Avenue, on the west side of the

Park, Fifth Avenue being on the east side.

The Boulevard continues on in the same general direction, north-west, for about four miles, and at 120th Street, approaches very near to the tomb of Gen. Grant, in Riverside Park.

At the north end of Central Park at 110th Street is the beginning of Harlem, a populous city within the limits of the City of New York.

It is by no means detached from the lower part of the city, and on the east side of the Park, buildings are continuous the entire length of the island, although there are many vacant lots here and there.

The west side is not built up so compactly, in fact, the connection between the solid blocks near the lower end of the Park and Harlem, is maintained only by occasional buildings.

Structures are being rapidly erected, and it will be a matter of a few years only, when the city will be continuous and compact from the Harlem River to the Battery.

The population of the city is now a million and a half, while to this may be added nearly another million, representing the number of people in Brooklyn and other neighboring cities.

Broadway, changing the character ot its throngs, as it does, many times along its course; running at will diagonally to the other streets, and enjoying that distinction alone; ever busy, ever crowded with people poured into it by the city, and the cities around, by the converging railroad lines and by the steamers and ships that hail from every land—is preeminently the greatest street of the hemisphere.

R. W. Young.

FRANCESCA DA RIMINI.

Francesca! your sad fate Even to tears my grief and pity moves.

Dante, Div. Com. Hell Cant.

V.

Frequently has poesy glorified illfated couples of lovers, and by beautiful verses, outlasting centuries, made them famous, and in a manner immortal to memory.

Who is not acquainted with the tragic story of Romeo and Juliet, as unsurpassingly pictured by Shakespear's genius?

Who should never have heard of Tristan and Isolde, who were taken out from the knights of the Round Table of King Arthur, at various times and by various poets—prior to the latest revival of the same by Richard Wagner, who made their love-tragedy the subject of one of his operas?

And Abelard and Heloise, how affectingly have they been celebrated in song!

The same popular NOTE.—The historical data quoted herein, differing, as they do, in various points from some of the commentaries of Dante's Divine Comedy, were sought after and carefully collected from the family chronicles and archives in the respective cities in Italy, by the author himself.

signification as the last named have in France, has been conceded in Italy to the unfortunate Francesca da Rimini, and it is with this heroine of love that we are to occupy ourselves in the following.

No less a genius than Dante himself was the first one to extol, poetically, Francesca's unhappiness through love;

having come to pass during his own lifetime, it then mightily stirred the hearts of the Italian people, and was made for all time an object of sympathy for mankind;

indeed, for the last six centuries, poets and painters, sculptors and composers, have again and again taken up the theme.

Nor is this all;

historical inquiry has tried, till to the very latest years, to determine how the poetry and reality of the tragic event agree with each other; how the event, with all its circumstances, actually happened.

Regarding, first of all Dante's delineation,the same is found in his "Divine Comedy,"in the fifth song of "The Hell,"where his poetical phantasy beholds the

FRANCESCA DA REMINI.

airy spirits passing along in long lines, announcing loudly from afar their afflictions.

There comes Semiramis, there Helena, Paris, Tristan, and then a pair, ardently embracing each other and floating along as if carried by the wind;

it is Francesca and her lover Paolo Malatesta, and they relate to the poet how they fell into perdition.

They were reading together the romance of "Lancelot of the Lake,"also a knight of the Round Table, who falls in love with Guinevere, King Arthur's spouse, and therefore is doomed to die; Viviana, the fairy, kissing the life from his lips.

Francesca's husband surprised them while reading, and, blind with jealousy, thrust his sword into her breast and that of his own brother Paolo, her lover, now forever with herself united.

The simplicity and profundity, the, genuine feeling and chastity of this narration of the great Italian poet, have made it one of the most popular episodes of his wonderful work.

He connects with Francesca's name, the exclamation, as already cited:

Francesca! your sad fate Even to tears my grief and pity moves.

Francesca, as an historical figure, is the daughter of Lamberto da Polenta—not, as sometimes asserted, Guido Novello da Polenta—seignior of the city of Ravenna, at that time under the sovereignty of the Pope, in the proximity of which was situated the ancestral castle of his family.

In the thirteenth century, wherein the event immortalized by the poet's genius happened, there were in Italy numerous small dominions of noblemen, who, for the aggrandizement of their territories, made every effort to bring the neighboring city-republics under their sway.

This was effected many a time by offering themselves, in their quality, as knights and lords of valiant forces, to a city as commander in chief in the continual feuds between the aristocratic and democratic elements; after the combat, they secured for themselves the dignity of Podesta—

e signifying now the Mayoralty, but at that time the Governorship—of the city, and got the same confirmed by the sovereign, who was either the Pope Or the Emperor (of Germany).

The party joined with the Pope, the Guelphs, had their leaders mostly in the aristocratic circles, especially among the barons and counts, who fain would set up themselves as miniature dynasties, whereas the imperially disposed Ghibellines found their support more from the cities and the independent citizens thereof.

The Polentas, belonging to the papal party, were gallant and ready warriors, and principally for this reason Lamberto was rewarded by the Pope with the lordship over Ravenna, in the year

A. D.

He had several children, sons and daughters, Francesca being the oldest of them.

.

Her father, in conformity with the custom of the time, picked out the husbands for his daughters as suited best his own interests.

For Francesca he elected Giovanni Malatesta da Verucchio, a baron, who reigned over Pesaro, Fono,

Fossombrone and Rimini, just as Polenta over Ravenna.

Giovanni, when he became the betrothed of Polenta's daughter, was about thirty years of age.

As a reckless, gallant blade he was a prominent actor in the war history of Central Italy at that time.

Fighting as a passionate partizan of the Guelphs, at the side of his father, in all the battles of the parties since he was twenty years old, he had by degrees secured for himself the captainship over several small cities, of which he was to'become Podesta afterwards.

With a brutal and violent character, there were combined in him deceit and malice, which made him dreaded.

Besides, he was deformed, ugly, and on account of his limping leg generally called "The Lame-foot."As partymen of the Polentas, the Malatestas had become brothers in arms of the later ones, and assisted them in various feuds which they had to wage with their hostile neighbors.

Giovanni rendered such succor in the year 1275, and assisted the old Polenta in expelling again from

Ravenna the Traversaris, his hard pressing adversaries. As reward for it Polenta promised his brave comrade the hand of his oldest daughter.

To make the union of the two families stronger still,

FRANCESCA DA RIMINI.

an engagement was arranged at the same time between a sister of the lamefoot and Polenta's youngest son, a brother of Francesca.

Another report, less credible, however, says, that these two marriages were contracted in confirmation of the peace, which was concluded between the two families after a long animosity.

Be it as it may, Francesca was given to Giovanni Malatesta, without their ever having personally known or seen each other.

Indeed, there is no doubt that Malatesta's repulsive qualities were kept secret from the young lady by her father, and he himself agreed to the delusive manner by which the well educated, refined and proud maiden 'should be united to Malatesta, it being understood beforehand by father-in-law and son-in-law', that the latter should be married to Francesca by substitution.

Such closings of marriage contracts—

by an authorized substitute, who in the name of the bridegroom was formally joined in marriage to the bride, and then led her to the bridegroom, when another blessing was pronounced upon the proper pair—are performed still among princely personages.

In the middle ages the custom was generally in use among the nobles,particularly in the Latin countries, and it was also in the character of those times to accomplish by such means a trick or even a deceit,to which the chosen one fell a victim.

Giovanni, the lame-foot, designated his younger half-brother Paolo, for his substitute in marrying Francesca.

Quite the opposite of his brother, he was generally surnamed'The Handsome,"insomuch that the selection made by Giovanni could not have been more dangerous in regard to the delusion which was to be practiced.

The handsome Paolo was married already; he had, at the age of seventeen years, received in matrimony Orabile Beatrice, but fifteen years old, the daughter of the Count of Uberto, to serve likewise a political purpose, as was nearly always the case in such family matters of the small Italian dynasties, without ever questioning the sentiments of their children.

But Polenta's daugh11* ter, our heroine, neither knew in this, nor of the enormous difference of the brothers Malatesta, either as to their personal or spiritual qualities, nor even of the fact that there was to be a substitution at all.

In pompous state, as becoming a knight, mounted on a noble steed, in his silk jerkin with fine colored puffings, a nodding plume on his broad-brimmed bonnet, with a train of nobles, pages and shield-bearers, entered Paolo into Ravenna, surrounded by friends and servants of Lord Polenta, who had gone out to meet him and accompany him into the court of the castle.

How natural that the young bride, blushingly waiting in her bridal dress, should cast a glance of curiosity from the bowwindow of her chamber upon the new comer, who was to be of so great importance in her whole future life.

Her husband!

She, indeed, knew not otherwise.

She had learned from her father merely, that she was to become the wife of the son of Baron Malatesta, nor did her companions undeceive her concerning the person of her future husband, either purposely or from being themselves ignorant of the truth.

This was he, as she believed, who now, in the radiance of youth and beauty, in festive display, passed over the draw-bridge;

there he halts, dismounting with royal grace from his fiery horse, and, heartily welcomed by her father, crosses the court with elastic gait, and now his noble figure disappears within the castle.

This is your husband exclaims exultingly one of her lady attendants, pointing with the finger to him.

Blushing, she keeps her eyes, kindled with a strange fire; steadfastly upon him, and is overcome by a paroxysm of rapture;

her heart is beating aloud.

In Francesca the new life of love began as by a stroke from a magic wand> and referring thereto, Dante lets her say:

Love, that in gentle heart is quickly learned Entangled him by that fair form, from me

Ta'en in such cruel sort, as grieves me still.

Love, that denial takes from none beloved,

Caught me with pleasing him

FRANCESCA DA RIMINI.

Captivated by that sweet power, she gave to Paolo, whom she mistook for Giovanni, her hand, signed the marriage contract, followed him to the altar, where she was united by the priest in solemn manner to the husband designed for her.

All her thoughts, all her sentiments, her whole existence now belonged solely to him, whose wife she had become, as she thought;

for him, and only for him, her loving heart was beating in the ecstacy of gladness.

Then they started for Rimini, where her new home was to be, where it should be her pleasant duty to rule as the wife of her beloved one.

Mounted on a white palfrey, the rich caparison emblazoned in gold with the united coats of arms of the Polentas and Malatestas, accompanied by the well-wishes and blessings of her old-time friends and servants, surrounded by the suite which was to follow her to the new place of residence, she rode forth at the side of Paolo from her father's castle.

At last, Paolo disclosed to her that he had wooed her as a substitute for his brother Giovanni, that he himself had wife and children at home, and that her actual husband was waiting for her at

Rimini.

What terrible news for Francesca! Can love be commanded at pleasure, to vanish, or to pass in the turn of a hand from one object to another, and, moreover, to one, who is not as yet even known? And this, afmaiden's first love, the first pure flower blooming forth from the depth of the heart's affections, just unfolding the beauteous leaves in all the fragrance of innocence, in all the delicacy of maidenhood

How must it have wrung her heart convulsively, when this dream was suddenly destroyed, and she felt herself facing a wrong, whereas she had imagined giving herself with all her heart to a duty How must this deceived bride, for whom, on her way from her father's castle to the house of the man indissolubly joined to her, rapture was changed to sorrow, happy expectation to anxious fear,—how must she have greeted, at the door of Rimini, her actual husband,

Giovanni Malatesta, the deformed, the lame-foot Then only was the disappointment perfect;

day became night, beauty was changed to ugliness, when her legitimate husband took the place of

Paolo, his brother.

But she was his wife, and submitting to the cruelty of fate she followed him into his castle at Rimini.

The Malatestas were mighty lords in the country;

their castles, strong, defiant, almost unapproachable, like nearly all the residences of the pugnacious nobili of that time, were alternately the seat of their martially-conducted petty courts, according as the one or the other was chosen for military head-quarters, or for a peaceable sojourn.

Combats, sieges, invasions of adversaries called them frequently away from the castle at Rimini;

this one, nevertheless, was their proper residence,to which they always returned after their excursions in the country or the various official visits they had to make in their quality as lords paramount of several cities.

The old Malatesta Giovanni's father, who was destined to reach the age of one hundred years, performed still, and quite actively, such duties.

Giovanni was most of the time in the field, and his brother Paolo went generally with him on his expeditions The greatest harmony, as far at least as we are able to judge from the reports handed down to us, prevailed between the"brothers not less,than between their wives at home,and made the intercourse of the two families pleasant and animated.

In regard to the rough, hotheaded husband of Francesca, he loved his wife dearly and passionately, as likewise his daughter Concordia, which she had borne to him, and in genuine fraternal love he was attached to his brother Paolo, whom he repeatedly honored by confidential political missions, or such as became necessary in the interest of the family.

In the year 1283, as an instance, Paolo, by Giovanni's influence and intercession, was made c aptain and keeper of the seal of the city of Florence.

It may be also that the older brother, through such commissions or military orders, tried to keep the younger one away from Rimini, in the presentiment

FRANCESCA DA RIMINI.

that Francesca's heart was beating more warmly for Paolo than for himself.

Francesca, however, was a proud, nobleminded woman, and though she was unable to tear out of her heart the aching secret of her love—this unhappy, clandestinely burning love, of which she never intimated anything, directly or indirectly, neither to the object of her affections nor to any one else, did not cast, in itself, any reproach upon her character as wife or mother.

For ten years she had been Giovanni's wife, and this time had calmly rolled on without storm or difference between the consorts.

Suddenly the tempestuous cloud arose from which the fatal lightning was to flash down upon her.

In the year 1285 Giovanni sojourned in Pesaro, on account of his being Podesta of that city, Francesca, in the meantime, remaining at the family seat in Rimini, the law prohibiting the Podesta to take his wife with him into a city where he officiated in that capacity.

A troubadour (a wandering singer of noble birth) who for some time had been staying with the Malatestas at Rimini, and whose endeavors to approach the fair Francesca had proved futile, from her icy reservedness and virtuous character, went over to Pesaro, and urged by vengeance, in a conversation with Giovanni, excited to the utmost the jealousy of the passionate husband, by a false description of the intercourse and intimacy between Francesca and

Paolo, who, together with his family resided in the same castle, but by his visits to his sister-in-law thought to execute only the rights and duties of a near relative.

The Podesta, however, gave credit to the calumniations of the villainous knave, and in wild rage, determined to take revenge on him whom he considered culpable.

Without a moment's delay he mounted his horse, and galloped to Rimini; burning from the frantic ride, he rushed into the apartments of his wife, and found her there, as Dante describes in accordance with the reports current among the people, in company with his brother, reading together the French romance mentioned in the beginning.

Without questioning or demanding an explanation, blind with rage he drew his sword to run it into Paolo's breast.

Francesca, horror stricken, threw herself between them and received the death blow.

Her heart's blood reddened the floor;

beautiful even in death, she lay before him a corpse upon which he stared in terror and dismay.

He loved her, and never intended to become her murderer.

The ghastly sight enraged him all the more against his brother, who vainly tried to escape.

He too was struck by the murderous steel, and silently he fell by the side of Francesca.

Once more Gi ovanni, his eyes sparkling with fury, viewed his bloody deed; then hurried outside as if hunted by the Eumenides, vaulted again upon his steaming horse and stormed back to Pesaro.

Thus the scene is immortalized by the Italian poet's genius; thus it was current among the people half a century after the deed.

The murder made a terrible noise in Rimini,and the tragical end of Francesca and Paolo touched the people's hearts all over Italy.

Nobody saw therein the just atonement for a crime; on the contrary the popular mind idealized at once the two victims for the sake of their unhappy love.

And in accord with this view, Verruchio Malatesta, the father of

Giovanni and Paolo, the old chief of the family, ordered the interment to be made on the day following the murder, in the residence at Rimini, in the most solemn manner. One grave received the corpses of both the victims.

According to a chronicler of Rimini there was found as late as 1581, in the church of St. Augustin in that city, a tomb of marble, in which both bodies were lying, d ressed in silk, and, in spite of three centuries that had swept by, perfectly preserved.

Even now they affirm at Rimini the existence of that tomb, and in the city library there is to be seen under glass and frame a piece of gold enbroidered silk as a relic of Francesca Malatesta, immortal to memory as

Francesca da Rimini.

Being governing lord himself, Gig-

LIVERPOOL DOCKS AND

CITY.

vanni was not called before a court to account for his deed.

He remained podesta of Pesaro, and soon married again the young widow Zambrasina d'Ugolino, who bore to him three sons and two daughters.

He then reigned for his still living father at Rimini, and built there, at the end of the thirteenth century, on the site of the old castle, the fortRoccaMalatestina. He died there in the year 1304 A. D.

His family held for some time the old sway, and the house of the Polentas, of which Francesca was a descendant, also flourished for nearly one hundred and fifty years after, until it became extinct in 1447 in Ravenna.

Julius Debrincke.

Nobility of soul is self-impelled to reverence.

LIVERPOOL DOCKS AND CITY.

The estuary of the Mersey forms an inlet of the Irish Sea, which is singularly shaped, being like a bottle, narrow at the mouth and neck, though seven or eight miles wide in the middle.

This formation may have caused it to be preserved from the fatal silting-up that has befallen the neighboring estuary of the

Dee and the ancient seaport of Chester.

The Mersey at Liverpool flows almost directly north;

its main course above, rising in the Derbyshire hills, is from east to west.

Its breadth at the Woodside Ferry is three-quarters of a mile;

lower down it becomes still narrower; at

New Brighton and Bootle, on the opposite shores of the sea mouth, it is about two miles.

The western shore is that of the Wirral peninsula of Cheshire, which is comprised between the Dee and the Mersey estuaries; and here the town of Birkenhead has arisen, in our own days, just opposite Liverpool.

The eastern shore belongs to Lancashire, and presents a line of Docks extending nearly eight miles, with a river wall of granite masonry all that length; back of which lies one of the greatest commercial cities in the world.

This shore was a swampy forest, in the manor of West Derby, with a few herdsmen living in huts, and a hamlet of fishermen or boatmen on the river bank, when King John built his castle of Toxteth to guard the harbor.

He made Liverpool a borough,granting its municipal charter in 1207.

But it was a small and obscure town until the seventeenth century.

Its possession, however, was then disputed between the Royalist and

Parliamentary forces in the Civil War;

it was occupied by Prince Rupert not long before the battle of Marston Moor.

After the Restoration, after the Plague and the Great Fire, many London mer* chants removed to Liverpool, and trade began to flourish there.

William III gave a new charter to the corporation;

they soon purchased land from the Lord of the Manor, cleared and deepened the river channel up to Runcorn and Warrington, and undertook, in 1710, the construction of a dock, which was the first in England.

The population in the reign of George I was ten thousand; the borough sent two members to the House of Commons; the port had superseded Chester in the trade of the

Irish Sea, and rivalled Bristol in that of the West Indies, Virginia, France, Spain, and West Africa.

In the latter part of the eighteenth century, by the canal which the Duke of

Bridgewater constructed, uniting Liverpool with Manchester, the manufacturing district of South Lancashire became allied with the port of the Mersey.

At first, indeed, the mercantile business was rather that of importing foreign yarns than raw cotton.

The invention of the spinning-jenney, the mule, and the power loom, and of the steam engine to work them, with the abundance of Lancashire coal, made a revolution in the cotton trade.

Liverpool shipowners then found employment more profitable, as well as more creditable, than that of the African and West Indian slave trade,

LIVERPOOL DOCKS AND

CITY.

or equipping privateers to rob other nations in the French and American wars.

No community has obtained more direct and signal benefits from the progress of scientific inventions.

Before steam navigation—and it was in that the first steam- boat was seen on the Mersey—vessels might be detained there in harbor for many weeks by a north-west wind. A lucky ship, one of a fleet all ready to sail under convoy, once slipped out an hour before the wind changed, went to Barbadoes, and came back to enrich her owners, before her consorts could get out of the river!

The Liverpool Steam-Packet Company, established about sixty years ago, presently carried on regular communications with Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow, to the benefit of the United Kingdom.

In 1824, Liverpool owned ten thousand vessels, had its Prince's dock, King's dock, Queen's dock, and George's dock, and a population of one hundred and thirty thousand.

Its Parliamentary representatives in that era were such men as Canning, Huskisson, and Brougham. A Liverpool boy named William

Ewart Gladstone was beginning to learn something of politics.

His father was a large West India merchant.

A Liverpool banker, William Roscoe, was esteemed in the literary world.

No provincial town in England boasted more social distinction.

Just about that time, came the project 'of the Liverpool and Manchester

Railway—the first railway for public traffic. It was completed in four years, and opened in September, 1830, when Mr. Huskisson was accidently killed by the train, in the presence of the Duke of Wellington and Sir Robert Peel.

The next great step in improvement was that of ocean steam navigation.

In 1838 a Liverpool steam-ship, the Royal William, made the passage to New York, which had already been performed by the Great Western, from Bristol.

The Cunard line was established in July, 1840, the Britannia then crossing the Atlantic in twelve days, returning in nine days and a half.

Liverpool,has thanks to modern science and commercial enterprise, to the spirit and intelligence of the townsmen, and to the administration of the Mersey Harbor and Dock Board,now become a wonder of the world.

It is the New York of Europe, a world-city rather than merely a British provincial; its maritime traffic makes a far grander show than that of the port of London, being more collected in front of the town;

its harbor, its docks, its warehouses, its counting houses are employed in receiving and discharging an enormous amount of shipping and merchandise, in transactions of immense value; its streets are full of life and bustle.

Its population is nearly six hundred thousand.

It is adorned with magnificent public buildings, and with several beautiful parks.

It has practically annexed Birkenhead, a town of a hundred thousand people, by the Mersey Railway Tunnel, and has stretched another hand to Bootle, on the seashore. The villages of the Cheshire coast have become its marine suburbs.

With these places, the aggregate population in and around Liverpool comes to about three quarters of a million.

No town in England shows greater signs of activity in the distribution of wealth; and it does something also in manufacturing production.

The docks along the east or left bank of the Mersey, beginning their enumeration from the south end, on the river above the town, are the Herculaneum dock, the Harrington and Toxteth docks, the Brunswick dock, the Carriers'dock, the Coburg dock, the Union dock, the Queen's dock, the King's dock, the

Wapping dock, the Salthouse dock, the

Albert dock, the Canning dock, George's dock, the Prince's dock (and its graving dock), the Waterloo dock, with the Corn dock, the Victoria dock, the Trafalgar dock, the Clarence dock (with graving dock), the Salisbury dock, the Collingwood dock, the Stanley dock, the Nelson dock, the Bramley-Moore dock, the

Wellington dock, the Sandon dock, the

Huskisson dock, the Canada dock, the

Langton dock, the Alexandra dock, and the new docks at Bootle. A tramway, for wagons and omnibuses, runs the

LIVERPOOL DOCKS AND

C/Tl.

whole length of eight miles.

The Alexandra dock, with its three branches, has an area of forty four acres and one-half, with twelve thousand feet of berth accommodation;

it can hold, at the quays, twenty-two ocean ships of the largest size; and is in direct connection with all the railways, the London and Northwestern Railway, the Midland, the Great

Northern, the Lancashire and Yorkshire, and the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire railways.

This dock was opened by the Prince and Princess of Wales in September, 1881.

Other docks are specially devoted to particular traffic:

the Canada, Brunswick, and Herculaneum are for timber;

the Waterloo for grain, with corn-lifts in the warehouses;

the cotton trade, the coal trade, that of cattle, fresh and salted meat, and hides, have their suitable appliances.

In the Prince's dock and the Bramley-Moore dock, lie vessels for South America and for China;

in the Nelson dock, those for the West Indies, and some for Antwerp,

Hamburg, or the Mediterranean;

the Victoria, Trafalgar, Clarence, and Collingwood docks are frequented by Irish steamers. George's dock has a miscellaneous trade.

The Birkenhead docks are managed hy the same Board. Altogether, these Mersey docks, which have cost about twenty millions sterling, are unequalled by any similar concern in the world.

The iron shipbuilding work is chiefly at Birkenhead.

We refrain from statistics of shipping, tonnage, imports, and exports, customs'dues, and dock revenues; The reader may put the figures as high as he likes.

The public buildings, some of which are fine specimens of Corinthian and others of Renaissance architecture, form several groups, easily distinguished in the general view.

The grandest is St.

George's Hall, in our estimation the noblest edifice of the Grecian style in Great Britain.

It was designed by Mr.

H. H. Elmes, in 1838, cost three hundred and thirty thousand pounds, and was completed in 1854;

it is five hundred feet long, with a stately colonnade; and the portico at the south end, surmounted by a pediment with massive sculptured figures of Britannia, Mercury, Europe, Asia, Africa, and America, and the English

Arts and Sciences, rises above a flight of steps one hundred and fifty feet wide.

This building contains the Great

Hall, the Assize Courts, and the Concert

Hall, which are internally of good effect.

Its eastern side, in Lime Street, confronts the grand hotel of the London and North Western Railway Terminus; but on the north side are the Free Library and Museum founded by the late Sir William Brown, M. P., whose name has been given to the street;

the Picton Reading-room, a circular building, with a colonnade, erected some ten years ago by the Corporation, and named after Mr.

J. A. Picton; and the Walker Art Gallery, a superb Corinthian edifice, the gift of Sir A.

B. Walker, Mayor of Liverpool in 1873.

The contents of the William Brown Museum include a most valuable collection of artistic antiquities presented by the late Mr. Joseph Mayer.

Close to these buildings stands the Duke of Wellington Monument, a column eighty-one feet high, with a statue on the top, erected in 1863.

The Townhall, in Dale Street, fronting Castle Street, is the oldest of the public buildings, though it dates but from 1749.

It is in the Roman Renaissance style, with a lofty dome, and contains stately and elegant rooms for civic entertainments.

Behind it is the Exchange, with an intervening paved area, the "Exchange Flags,"much used for the busy congregation of merchants and brokers.

Here is the Nelson Monument, with a colossal bronze statue of the hero, quite nude, receiving a crown from Victory, and a fatal stroke from Death.

The Exchange buildings, which harmonize with the architecture of the Townhall, form arcades on three sides of the square.

Higher up Dale Street, on the other side, are the handsome Municipal offices, which were built at a cost of one hundred thousand pounds; and the County Court and Police Courts.

The Custom House, with the Post Office, the Inland Revenue, and the Dock Estate offices in the same building, is at the end of South Castle Street, near

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

the Canning Dock.

Opposite this is the Sailor's Home,an excellent institution,of which the Prince Consort laid the foundation in 1846. There are no ancient buildings in Liverpool; the Castle disappeared long ago; the churches are modern, and still more the chapels.

St.

Nicholas'and St. Peter's, the two parish churches, are of old foundation, but the buildings are not earlier than the beginning of the last century;

St. George's, St. Paul's, Sf.

John's, St.

Luke's, and St. James's are noticeable; a cathedral is in progress.

Several of the most prominent buildings are the great railway stations, in Lime Street, in Tithebarn Street (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway), Central Station in Ranelagh Street, and Wapping Dock Station, for goods traffic. There is also St. James's Station, for the Mersey Tunnel Railway and the

Cheshire lines.—Graphic.

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

POLITICAL ECONOMY.—WORK AND WAGES* The times we live in are peculiar in many respects.

New conditions of society exist which never existed before in this world's history.

They are really strange times.

It is fashionable to meet such remarks with the observation that things always were in much the same condition as now that there were always rich and poor, provident and improvident, workers and idlers among all peoples.

It is, and for many generations has been, profitable for the preachers, the soul overseers of men, to quote, by way of explanation, that passage of the Scriptures, which says, "the poor you have always with you."The preachers have tried to make the people believe that such a condition of poverty was intended by the Master.

And this doctrine has been especially pleasing to the richer ones of the world, inasmuch as it tended to ease whatever pangs of conscience these richer ones might have in oppressing the poor, and they (the rich) being often pillars of the church, in a financial sense, have had such doctrine preached as they were willing to pay for.

This class of workers, if we can dignify them by that name, have known always where the pay was coming from and preached accordingly.

Let us be thankful that their trade is well nigh gone.

But has the world ever before * Delivered in Logan Temple, July 3d, 1886.

seen such times as we now live in?

When was the time that transportation in all senses was carried on as now?

Has the world ever before seen the thresher, the self-binder, the steam plow, the iron horse, the ocean steamer, and the thousands of labor saving machines of recent invention in all departments of manufacture and trade?

Verily, no!

Then we have new, strange conditions which are unlike all past experience and which unsettle our political economy and are likely to break us to pieces.

Strange that with all these labor saving machines the laborer should receive no benefit, but be compelled to work as hard or even harder than ever before.

We take great credit and glory for our nineteenth century civilization, but we have hundreds of thousands of tramps abroad in the land which are not so much of a credit to us.

The rich have been made richer by these inventions, the poor are made poorer and more helpless.

It is affirmed, by those who have taken much pains to investigate the question, that were the machinery for making boots and shoes, now in the factories of these United States, kept running for five months in each year, more boots and shoes would be produced than our population could use or find markets for export; and it seems reasonable to conclude that not only in the boot and shoe trade but in the cloth trade, in the hat trade, and indeed in all kinds of trade, or manufacture,

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

there is made in a short time as much as can be used in perhaps double the period.

By the aid of machinery one man sitting on a self-binder for instance, and driving a pair of horses does the work of ten or sixteen men of a few years back. And still the hours of the laborer are not lessened.

"It is questionable"says John Stuart

Mill, "if all the mechanical inventions yet made, have lightened the day's toil of any human being."Now there is something wrong about all this.

Suppose we have an isolated community of one thousand men;

they are workers with primitive tools, and it requires ten hours work from each man, six days in the week to keep them and their families living comfortably; and now some inventive genius introduces a combination of fire and water and iron—makes steam do the great portion of the work, would it not seem that this blessing must shorten the hours of labor.

I know there are more luxuries in the world than there used to be, but are the poor any better off than formerly?

Let the armies of tramps answer.

Let the miserable tenants of garrets and cellars in our great cities answer.

The hungry and the naked are beginning to make answer in a voice audible and fierce.

And even were we to concede that the poor enjoy some things that the comparatively well to do did not have centuries ago, is that an answer to the great question?

A Jay Gould planted alone in the wilds of Africa or America with land, water and air to make money on, could perhaps, during his natural life, gather about him certain improvements of a few hundred dollars in value; but put a Jay Goyld in New York with fifty millions of people swarming on the land;

let your Jay Gould manipulate the labor of those people and he has in a few years accumulated a hundred millions of dollars.

He, too, tells the poor:

"Why you have great blessings—you have sugar sometimes!

When did the poor in old times have sugar?

You are free men, you have liberty, you are the sovereign rulers of this great nation. No man can make slaves of you."And yet at this very time thousands of the socalled "sovereign rulers"have no bread to eat, and no change of raiment, but go about the country looking, truly enough, like they were made out of the dust of the earth.

So the sovereign rulers having been told of all this for so many years, especially at election times, and on the Fourth of July; their greatest orators and statesmen continually holding up to them, in

Congress and out, this, what they call "grand truth,"that this is a people's government, "a government of the people, by the people, and for the people,"these same sovereign rulers are beginning to ask themselves:

"If this is our country and we govern it, why cannot we govern it in such a way that we shall at least be sure of bread enough to eat?

And let me here remark that it is not simply bread and butter and good lodgings alone that can give me or any man contentment and peace.

No, there is something more needed! "Man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."If we live by that word we will live according to laws of justice and truth.

This feeling of injustice—that you have dealt unjustly by me and that I have no means of getting justice done, that I have been and am oppressed, me and mine, and that you are the oppressor this feeling is unbearable, insupportable and rankles in my heart, destroying every vestige of peace, it cankers my very soul, and if I do not smother it, it will drive me to desperation.

What boots it that I am told by the editors and stump speakers that I am a free American citizen—"sovereign ruler,"when I am every day oppressed by the iron hand of capital? A nation of millions of men—not only this nation but many nations—are in these days asking themselves such questions. The answer is imperatively demanded; justice is demanded; something like an equal distribution of this world's goods is demanded;

and no amount of sophistry—of "sovereign ruler"talk will put the great question off much longer.

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

"Gurth born thrall of Cedric the Saxon,"says an eminent writer "has been greatly pitied in these days.

Gurth, with the brass collar round his neck, tending Cedric's pigs in the glades of the wood, is not what I call an exemplar of human felicity; but Gurth, with the sky above him, with the free air and tinted bocage and umbrage round him, and in him at least the certainty of supper and social lodging when he came home; Gurth, to me, seems happy in comparison with many a man of these days, not born thrall of anybody; Gurth's brass collar did not gall him;

Cedric deserved to be his master.

The pigs were Cedric's, but Gurth too would get his parings of them.

Gurth had the inexpressible satisfaction of feeling himself related indissolubly, though in a rude brass collar way, to his fellow mortals on this earth.

He had superiors, inferiors, equals.

Gurth is now 'emancipated'long since; has what we call 'liberty.'Liberty, I am told, is a divine thing.

Liberty, when it becomes the 'liberty to die by starvation'is not so divine."Our rich men accumulating their thousands, their hundreds of thousands, their millions, and the poor, not only suffering in body but in spirit also, and all the while being told that they have liberty and are free men—to me the end of such a state of society seems very near.

And to make it worse the increased capacity of producing manufactured goods, so that for certain months in the year machinery must be stopped and men are out of employment, as our markets become glutted and goods cannot be sold, what then is to become of the poor who are thus thrown out of employment?

With our horses, after we have got a summer's work out of them, we feed them and care for them during the winter months while there is no work.

A horse is too valuable to let die of starvation.

But a man, made in the image of God, after he has worked for me during seasons of prosperity,now when dull times come I discharge him turn him off caring little, it would seem, whether he lives or dies. He has liberty, is emancipated—no brass collar now about his neck—he has the "liberty to die by starvation."He wanders about the country seeking work, becomes a despised tramp.

If he goes to the door of the rich and asks for bread it is fashionable to set the dogs on him.

If he asks for work, nobody believes he wants work, and so cursing his fate and with curses both loud and deep againstthe rich and the existing state of things he is prepared to do anything desperate.

He becomes an Ishmael in the world,an outcast from society, every man's hand against him.

It is a pitiable sight to see an able bodied man begging for work and can get none:

"He begs his brother of the earth

To give him leave to toil But seehis lordly fellow worm The poor petition spurn Unmindful though a weeping wife

And helpless offspring mourn!"

The Scriptures have foretold a time that should come when • "the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them."

Surely it is a turning away of the simple to make them believe that they are the sovereign rulers of the land, when, in fact, they are manipulated in which ever way the cunning, the politician, the unscrupulous rich ones choose;

and now they are brought to the condition we see, until one tires and sickens of the very report of strikes and other warfare between labor and soulless capital.

And is not our much vaunted "unexampled prosperity"simply "the prosperity of the fools,"making myself wealthy at the expense of my poor brothers until they are ready, nay, anxious to take my life from me, is that such prosperity as wisdom would build up?

Hardly!

"What is the meaning of nobleness if this be noble?"exclaims an irritated, author. "In a valiant suffering for others,.

not in a slothful making others suffer for us, did nobleness ever lie.

The chief of men is he who statids in the van of man; fronting the peril which frightens back all others;

which, if it be not vanquished will devour the others

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

Every noble crown is, and on earth will forever be, a crown of thorns. Why was our life given us if not that we should manfully give it? Descend, O Donothing

Pomp;

quit thy down cushions, expose thyself to learn what wretches feel and how to cure it.

Descend thou! undertake this horrid living chaos of ignorance and hunger weltering round thy feet; say I will heal it, or behold I will die foremost in it!

Such is verily the law."If it is noble to simply pile up your thousands, your millions and gain thereby the hatred of your poor fellow mortals until they are anxious to make an end of you, then I for one do not wish to belong to that class of nobility.

No true Latter-day Saint can belong to such a class.

And yet we are prone to worship money and the power of money. We too often look after the successful man more than the worthy man, and if he has only "made money"we are somewhat anxious to elevate him to the first seats in the synagogue.

Time will come when this will be changed somewhat.

The question must get to be, not "how much money have you made?"but "how much work have you done?"Have you, according to the faculty, or talent, bestowed by the Creator, done your work?

This will yet be the great question before the Just

Judge!

Not, what is your family name?

Nor whether you are Scandinavian, American or English; but, "What work hast thou done in my cause?

What heroic suffering have you endured in prison or out?

Have you been valiant for the truth?"Happy are they, even though they be poorest in this world's goods, who can truthfully answer, Yes.

• Of them it shall be said, "well done, thou good and faithful servant.

Thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many;

enter thou into the joy of thy Lord!"But while our chief desire is to make money—while the chief anxiety we have is to succeed in piling up wealth, there is little to hope for from us, and when we come to be weighed in the balance we will be found wanting.

"The word hell,"says Sauerteig, "is still frequently in use among the English people, but I could not, without diffi- culty, ascertain what they meant by it.

Hell, generally signifies the infinite terror, the thing a man is infinitely afraid of, and shudders at, and shrinks from, struggling with his whole soul to escape from it. There is a hell, therefore, if you will consider, which accompanies man in all stages of his history, and religious or other development; but the hells of men and peoples, differ notably.

With Christians it is the infinite terror of being found guilty before the Just Judge.

With Old Romans, I conjecture, it was the terror, not of Pluto, for whom they cared little, but of doing unworthily, unvirtuously, which was their word for unmanfully.

And now, what is it if you pierce through his cants, his oft-repeated hearsays, what he calls his worships and so forth—what is it that the modern English soul does, in very truth, dread infinitely, and contemplate with entire despair? What is his hell;

after all these reputable oft-repeated hearsays, what is it?

With hesitation, with astonishment,

I pronounce it to be, the terror of 'not succeeding,'not 'making money,'fame, or some other figure in the world, chiefly of not making money.

Is not that a somewhat singular hell?"

Truly a singular hell, and yet it is verily the hell of to-day, the infinite terror, the thing most dreaded.

Such a hell must have its corresponding heaven, and with such ideas of heaven and hell, what true nobleness or worth can be got out of a people that entertain such notions? Our ideas concerning such matters must change somewhat, and we must as a nation, begin to regard with infinite terror, something besides the failure to make money.

And, again, on this question of work and wages, we must learn that the mere payment of price agreed, does not end our obligations to the laborers we employ.

Wages!

If all I am to have for my work is the paltry dollar 1 get in this world, I fancy I shall be poorly paid.

Is my brother sick, or in prison, and

I visit him not, nor care in any way for his

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

family, but content myself by saying;

"I paid him his wages full up, what more can be expected?"Alas, if our obligations to one another, end here, we are doomed to certain destruction, for no nation ever held together long, after it adopted and lived by such a creed.

And when we reflect on it, what money consideration would satisfy you to take your life in your hand and go, say, into the Southern States, and preach the doctrines of the Church?

Would money satisfy you as wages for work like that?

Our wages are as certain as death; but dollars will not entirely fill the bill. The wages, as computed by the best authorities of the time, for the highest, bravest, and best work ever done on this earth, was crucifixion on the cross. The wages

John Milton received for his "Paradise Lost,"was ten pounds sterling.

What of the wages of Joseph, the head of this great dispensation?

Why, the man did not often know which way to turn to get enough to live on, and finally he was shot down—ignominiously put to death.

A braver, nobler, or better than that same Joseph, this world has not seen for eighteen hundred years.

In payment for work done, he received the wages considered due

O, my friends we must have some other method of computing wages than supply and demand;

for the obligations between me and my poor over labored brother are deep and far reaching as eternity.

He is driven to too many hours of sore toil to support his family.

The work he does is of the hardest and it is poorest paid.

Am I responsible for his condition?

Are you?

Who is?

Necessity compels him to it, we say, but is such necessity just?

The rights of man are well understood in these days.

We have made much progress from the days of Cedric and Gurth.

The days of what we call slavery are forever past.

And these poor laborers, understanding so well the rights that free men should have, begin to feel that the injustice done them cannot be much longer endured.

Upon the Latter-day Saints devolves the labor of changing the political economy of the world.

What have we done thus far towards making that change? Comparatively nothing.

If I have to hire a man for a day or a month or a year I usually find out what such labor is worth in the market and make my bargain accordingly.

And even if I wished to do otherwise;

if I stopped to inquire concerning the man's family, whether it is large or small and try to be at least just in paying wages, I am compelled by the very necessities of the case to purchase his work for the going figure, and for this reason:

if I am making cheese, for instance, or lumber or anything else,

I must compete with other manufacturers, otherwise I can find no market;

if I do not find a market I and my laborers are alike ruined.

This cutthroat competition exists in every department of the world's trade and manufacture.

It exists with us precisely as elsewhere.

We are governed by it.

It cannot be otherwise until our system of political economy is entirely changed.

English men must work a little cheaper in order to compete with the Germans.

The Germans, they say, work about fourteen hours daily and are paid just enough to enable them to keep on working.

Here in our own country we have a Rock Springs massacre of innocent

Chinese laborers simply because these Chinese can work for less and live on less than Americans.

The other day there was presented in Congress a petition a mile and a half long—the longest ever seen there before—signed by fifty thousand Knights of Labor, asking for more stringent legislation on the Chinese question.

It requires no prophet to predict what all this is coming to.

Fifty years ago, when everything was prosperous and the nations were enjoying an era of what they called "unexampled prosperity,"it required a great Seer and Prophet to tell these nations that the day was soon at hand when revolution riot, anarchy and, finally, destruction awaited them. Now, thinking men everywhere see nothing but trouble ahead, and "men's hearts fail them for fear of the things that are coming on the earth."

Poor foolish mortals to think that

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

legislation of any kind can avert the calamity. When you can legislate some soul into these soulless corporations;

when you can legislate virtue, honor and truth into mankind, then, and also not till then, can your legislation be effective.

That cannot be done;

legislation can do much, but it cannot do that.

Virtue, honor, what we call soul, has got to grow in the hearts of men, being first planted there by men who have themselves some of these noble qualities.

For like begets like and it is soul that kindles soul.

The restraining influences of a religion which will make me and you and all, do the right thing and the just thing, that, and that only, will prove the corrective.

Legislation never did nor can.

And when a religion loses power to restrain men from dealing unjustly with one another, such a nation of men are doomed their end is nigh.

Such a religion too is good for nothing;

it too.

has lost its soul;

"it cumbereth the ground"having lost its power over mankind, church-members having no terror of excommunication or anything else that the church can do, having only an "infinite terror"of not making money.

Such a religion should be "hewn down and cast into the fire."For without religion society cannot be made lasting and permanent.

These evils of which we have to complain, and which are in these days speaking "trumpet tongued"through the throats of the oppressed millions cannot be cured without the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

In the adoption of that, and living by its laws I can see a remedy for these ills, a time of blessedness and peace, which is surely coming; when the cry of the hungry and the oppressed will be heard no more in the land forever.

The nations will not hear, and therefore speedy destruction awaits them.

Thus runs the indictment of the Scriptures against them:

"Because I have called and ye have refused, I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded. But ye have set at naught all my counsel, and would none of my reproof.

I also will laugh at your calamity;

I will mock when your fear cometh; when your fear cometh as desolation; and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you.

Then shall they call upon me but I will not answer;

they shall seek me early but they shall not find me:

For that they hated knowledge and did not choose the fear of the Lord; they would none of my counsel;

they despised all my reproof.

Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices.

For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them.

But who so hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely and shall be quiet from fear of evil."(Proverbs i, 24 to the last.) Setting at naught the counsel of God, despising His reproof, not having eyes to see when He stretches out His hand in so many marvelous and miraculous ways—all this, never lear, has a sure and certain reward, which is "destruction as a whirlwind."And the "unexampled prosperity,"of which in these days we have heard so much—

a prosperity which makes here a millionaire and there a million tramps is surely enough the "prosperity of fools,"and it "shall destroy them.""But whoso hearkeneth unto Me shall dwell safely and shall be quiet from fear of evil."Have we, my friends, altogether hearkened unto Him?

In our scramble for this world's goods have we dealt with one another strictly according to laws of justice?

We have not, and until our system of work and wages is changed we can not.

How to bring about this change is the grand question.

There is one way and only one that will be found in a system where laborers and masters have a common interest; where the profits on all the work that is done shall innure not to one man or a corporation of ten or fifty, but to the society as a whole;

where individual interest shall sink and one common brotherhood, each man having an equal interest in the work—will yet be found to be the true system of work and wages.

I know this will call forth many an "impossible!""impracticable!"but I tell

LOGAN TEMPLE LECTURES.

you it is not impossible, but must become possible, and very soon, too, or we, with our Jay Goulds on a small scale, with the land all taken up by the first settlers, and rent increasing each year, will find poverty pressing more and more on the million, while the few will wax richer and richer.

This feeling of looking out for number one will have to give way to something broader and nobler. God so loved the world that He gave

His Only Begotten Son—gave His life for all the seed of Adam.

"The wealth of a man,"says Carlyle, "is the number of things he loves and blesses, which he is loved and blest by."And the man who is so narrow in his soul that in the broadest stretch of his imagination, he can only reach to "me and my wife, my son John and his wife,"is not fitted for such a new brotherhood, and I fancy will be among the first to cry, "Impossible!"With such a system, I can see blessings, peace, stability in the government, permanence in occupation, each one doing his utmost to make his stewardship a success, balancing up at the appointed time, and saying "here is what we have made, let it go into the general treasury and be used for blessing, building up and strengthening the society."I can see God's blessing on all that.

No tramps, no idlers.

Every man a worker, and the man who wished to husband his strength too much, who, in fact, is lazy, he should be labored with, persuaded, and if he still persisted in his idle course, he should be expelled, for the word of the Lord is, "Thou shalt not be idle, for he that is idle shall not eat the bread nor wear the garments of the laborer,"Doctrine and Covenants, Sec.

42:

42.

And again.

"Let every man be diligent in all things. And the idler shall not have place in the Church except he repents and mends his ways."Doctrine and Covenants, Sec.

75:

29.

You shall expel him from the Church, from the society, except he mends his ways.

Then with the aid of labor-saving inventions I can see how the hours of labor would be shortened;

for if enough food, clothes and other necessaries and even luxuries would be produced by each person laboring four hours in each day of the six working days, the balance of the time could be used for education, for recreation, for worship and enjoyment.

Then our hell would cease to be the fear of not making money or getting on in the world, but we and our children would grow to have one "infinite term"which in the language of the old prophets is the "fear of God"—the fear of sinning against light and truth and justice.

In such a well ordered self-sustaining community the arts and sciences would be encouraged and promoted, all that is highest and best among mankind would find place here.

No man would have any fear that when he had passed away his family would not be cared for, employed, looked after; for they with all the other members would have an equal interest in the wealth of the society.

And yet there would of necessity be superiors—governors, masters, in a word a priesthood wisely and justly directing all labor spiritual and temporal.

But do not run away with the impression that I recommend a long table for everybody to eat at and all to have the same kind of food, and so forth;

we can all have equal rights and interest in all the Church would possess, without all being compelled to eat brown bread or drink buttermilk.

Nor would we all be treated exactly alike, so far as the distributing of this world's goods go, for he who should be most worthy, we should feel it a pleasure to see him living in the best house, dressed in the choicest apparel, and eating the fat of the land.

The loyal and loving heart can find no fitter way of expression than by bounteously giving.

So we, being loyal, would feel it our highest privilege to give;

saying in the language of the Scriptures, Thou art worthy Thou art worthy Every man would find the place he was by nature best fitted to fill, and he would contentedly labor in his place.

Such a state of society would be a millennium, and the prayer taught by the Master, more than eighteen hundred years ago; "Thy Kingdom come!

Thy will be doneV would at length be realized.

C. W. Nibley.

HALE A KA LA.

HALE A KA LA.

Not many of our readers, perhaps, have had the pleasure of a trip to Hale

A Ka La. (House of the Sun.) The site of the great extinct volcano of East Maui, the second largest island in the Hawaiian group.

Without making any attempt at a pen picture of this giganticold ruin, I will give you a brief description of a visit, as jotted down at the time, in my journal.

Our little party consisted of six persons, four white men and two natives, one of whom was our guide. We had made preparations the day previous for an early start, as we designed to make the trip from Pulehu Kula, where we were stopping, and back the same day.

Accordingly at about three o'clock in the morning we set out on horse back to make the ascent.

The summit of the mountain is 10.030 feet, by government survey, above the sea shore. We were not obliged, however, to scale entirely this dizzy height to view the crater, although, to reach a point from our starting place, by the safest and shortest route, at which the most commanding view could be obtained, we had to climb to a height of at least nine thousand feet above sea level.

The Island of Maui is oblong, each end abruptly rising into massive mountains, which are joined together by a low broad plain.

The general lay of the island is from southeast to northwest.

The most eastern point being situated in latitude twenty degrees and fortyfive minutes, north, and longitude one hundred and fifty-five degrees and fiftynine minutes, west, and is separated from Hawaii by the Alenuihaha channel some twenty-six miles wide.

In consequence of the trade winds the northeast side of the island is generally wet, rain falling frequently from the dense clouds of vapor, which bank up against the mountain, while the opposite side is generally very dry.

Our course lay obliquely up the south west slope of the mountain, through waving grass and endless shrubbery, over rough beds of broken lava, ravines and gulches, climbing, climbing, climbing, ever and anon stopping to take breath and rest our panting animals.

The moon shone clear and bright, yet dimly lighting us on our rugged way, until her borrowed light was extinguished by the appearance of the blazing sun.

The early morning air was crisp and sharp, reminding one of an earlv spring or late fall morning in the canyons of our distant mountain home, and of the comfort of overcoats, gloves and fur caps, the lack of which, for a couple of hours, awakened somewhat realistic ideas of a sudden transition from the tropics to the regions of the North

Pole.

As we journeyed along in the meandering and uncertain path, slowly wending our way up the rugged face of the mountain we fancied that the clumps of gnarled trees, shrubbery and ferns and tufts of waving grass, and innumerable whortleberry bushes through which we passed, resembled our mountain sage, rabbit brush, greasewood and buffalo grass,dotted here and there with clumps of scrubby cedar, juniper and mountain mohogany, so like was their appearance in the shadowy light of the moon and the gray of the early dawn.

Our path was often very dim, and always very rugged, rocky and precipitous, trying to the utmost the mettle and footing of our animals.

While climbing an unusually steep and rocky cliff, the saddle girth of one of our party broke loose, letting saddle and rider off behind the horse.

Soon afterwards another of the party, thinking to avoid a like catastrophe, got off to lead his horse up a rocky ledge, his foot slipped as he alighted and he fell full length on the broken scoria.

Fortunately, however, he escaped with a few slight contusions and a broken umbrella.

The horse, ridden by one of the natives, gave out and had to be left by the wayside, not, however, until the poor thing was soundly lashed, goaded with spurs and otherwise pursuaged and urged to move along and it

HALE A KA LA.

43 l refused to budge another step.

Our dusky companion was obliged to foot it the remainder of the way—over onethird of the distance—or give up the trip.

To his credit, it may be said, he courageously essayed the task, and performed it, at the cost of considerable exertion and fatigue and a pair of new shoes which he had donned that morning.

The loose broken lava proved to be very trying to our horses'hoofs, and to Naihe's shoe leather.

Hitherto our course had been easterly, obliquely up the mountain side, along an unfrequented trail, but now we were approaching the main traveled route from Makawao, which led south-easterly from the junction of our path to the summit.

When suddenly the poor, jaded, over-taxed pony of our guide came to a full stop.

Many a time before had the poor beast made very determined halts for rest and breath, but each time, with merciless spur and cruel lash he was goaded to another and another attempt; but at length its scrawny, meatless, trembling limbs, taxed to their utmost endurance, exhausted by fatigue,, not only refused to go farther but, failing in strength and endurance, it was plainly manifest that it could not.

It is a national trait of the Hawaiians to be cruel and heartless towards the horse, which is the most used and serviceable animal they possess, not only as beasts of burden but for food.

Taking directions to lead us to the main traveled path,we reluctantly left our guide, Kalnaai, a somewhat weighty Hawaiian with the asthma in a chronic stage, so that he could not proceed on foot, and his overwrought equine companion, to pilot the balance of the way for ourselves.

This we did not accomplish without some difficulty, all being unacquainted with the route.

The sun was now pouring down his warmest rays, notwithstanding which the altitude was so great that the air was cool and bracing. We had passed the'line of luxuriant vegetation. The mountainside became more barren, little else appearing than low, scrubby huckleberry bushes, frequently loaded with ripening fruit, and a coarse, harsh bunch grass which seemed adapted only to the high, cold, arid region it occupied.

The morning had been cloudless and bright, until we were about three fourths or more of the way up. when the clouds began to roll in from the ocean, and formed in fleecy banks around the mountain sides below us, obstructing our veiw of the lower world, while the King of Day shone clear and warm from above.

The coarse mountain grass now became the only sign of vegetation, and the bunches fewer and farther between, and just belowed loomed up the barren summit of the mountain.

Here we halted, unsaddled, and tied our horses to the rocks, where they could rest and pick from the coarse and scanty grass.

We then proceeded on foot.

The remainder of our pathway was over lava, cinders and ashes which had the appearance of coarse black sand.

A few minutes climbing brought us to the summit, at least nine thousand feet above the sea shore, and to the sharp edge of the vast crator of Hale A Ka La.

The scene which met our eyes defies description by the ablest pen.

I could not therefore approach the subject however

I might try.

We stood upon the rim of a huge basin or caldron of many miles in diameter, and from two to five thousand feet deep, the heights of the mountain rim surrounding it, varying in about that proportion from the bottom of the pit.

The inner walls of this mighty caldron are in great part almost perpendicular, rocky and barren.

So steep are the walls that a flock of wild goats, which were started by our approach, made slow headway in their effort to escape from our presence. East

Maui is about one hundred and twentyfive miles in circumference by the traveled road or path.

It rises more or less abruptly from its sea-girt shore to its stupendous height, over ten thousand feet, and the centre of this mammoth mount is depressed or hollowed out to the depth of five thousand feet or more.

At the bottom of the yawning pit are twenty-five or thirty huge, black and

HALE A KA LA.

red or ash colored conoid chimneys, standing as grim sentinals over the dreary blackened plain of lava, cinders and ashes, from which they rise to an elevation of hundreds of feet.

The cinders, ashes and scoria emitted from these craters in *the dim ages of the past, seem as if but recently blown from their gaping, cavernous funnels.

Scarcely a sign of vegetation can be seen in all this vast area.

Around the lower edges of the basin, and higher up the sides of the eastern rim, where there is more moisture from the clouds, trees and shrubbery may be seen.

Here also may be found the rare, plush-covered, silver sword plant.

There are two low gaps through the walls of the caldron. One opening out in the direction of the southeast extremity of the island in the neighborhood of Hana, and the other on the Koolau or north side.

These were apparently fissures affording outlets for the molten flow when the caldron was a seething mass of volcanic fire.

But the grandeur of the scene was by no means confined to this vast and wonderful ruin, which is at best, but a ponderous, frowning, hideous scar'upon the lovely bosom of mother earth. Awe inspiring and dreadful now, it is true, even in its deadly repose, but what words could paint the terrible grandeur of its living active fires Frequently during the day, over its desert plains, strewed with cinders and ashes, and its black and frowning chimneys, soft, white clouds would float in through the fissure in the northern wall, far below us, completely covering its ugly face with a beautiful vapor; which seemed like a rare-wrought veil of exquisite gauze and floss, as if to conceal from view its scarred and blackened features.

But the scene all round was scarcely less magnificent. We seemed suspended in mid-air at a dizzy height above the clouds, which lay far below our feet and stretched out in all directions, as far as the sight could reach, in snow white banks piled mountain high.

It seemed like a new ethereal world, or as though we had started on an aerial flight to some distant sphere, and could behold our own terrestrial globe far below, wrapped in fleecy robes;

and reflecting from its watery surface,through the rifts in the clouds, their beautiful and ever-changing light and shade.

Away to the south-east, loomed up the towering summits of Maunas Kea Ana Loa on the Island of Hawaii, far above the mystic, cloudy drapery, shrouding their base.

To the west and north, lay the Islands Kahoolawe, Lanai,

Molokai, and West Maui, in full view, and in the distance, Oahu, all crowned with ponderous banks of glistening snowwhite clouds; which, together with the shadows of their lower surface, reflected back from the ocean mirror, the vastness and ethereal grandeur of the view;

presenting a panorama of unbroken spleandor, profoundly calculated to fill the mind with awe, and inspire the heart with love and the soul.with adoration and humble submission to Him who made the world.

Truly wonderful are the works of God How insignificant are those of man The words of Scripture came forcibly to mind, when the Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind and said:

Gird up now thy loins like a man, for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me.

Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare if thou hast understanding. Who hath laid the measure thereof, if thou knowest?

or who hath stretched the line upon it?

Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof when the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy?

Or who shut up the sea with doors when it brake forth as if it had issued out of the womb?

When I made the cloud the garment thereof and thick darkness a swaddling band for it, and brake up for it my decreed place and set bars and doors, and said, hitherto shalt thou come and no farther, and here shall thy proud waves be stayed.

.

Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea?

or hast thou walked in the search of the depth?

Have the gates of death been opened unto thee or hast thou seen the doors of the shadow of death?

Hast thou perceived the breadth of the earth?

Declare if thou knowest it all. Where is the way where light dwelleth? and as for darkness, where is the place thereof that thou shouldest take it to the bounds thereof and that thou shouldest know the paths to the house

MEMORIAL DAY.

thereof?

Knowest thou it because thou wast then born?

or because the number of thy days is great?

Hast thou entered into the treasures of the snow? or hast thou seen the treasure of the hail which I have reserved against the time of trouble, against the 'day of battle, and war?

Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades or loose the bands of Orion?

Canst thou bring forth Mazzoroth in his season?

or canst thou guide Arcturus with his sons?

Knowest thou the ordinances of heaven?

Canst thou set the dominion thereof in the earth?

Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds that abundance of waters may cover thee?

Canst thou send lightnings that they may go, and say tjnto thee, here we are?

Who hath put wisdom in the inward parts? or who hath given understanding to the heart?—Job xxxviii.

We rolled many large rocks from the top down into the vast deep below.

Timing one of these, we found that one minute and a half was consumed in its descent to the first ledge or shelf, affording it surface enough for a resting place, the stone scarcely touching the wall of the basin until it reached that point.

We were five hours and a half in making the ascent, and a little more than three hours in returning.

In our descent we entered into the heavy clouds of mist, which encircled the mountain about one third of the way down from the top, and came out below it about two thirds of the way down.

We judged the cloud stratum which intervened between us and the sun's rays to be about three thousand feet through.

Above the clouds the mountain was dry and barren, and the atmosphere exceedingly clear and rare.

Breathing was a task, necessitating frequent long inhalations, or heavy sighs, to fill the lungs with air, and then the oppressiveness was but partially relieved.

The sun's rays seemed powerful, making it uncomfortably hot for our feet, without producing the usual profuse perspiration from our bodies, indeed the air was cool and exhilarating, notwithstanding its rarity and the heat of the sun.

I have heard it remarked by those who have visited Kilauea in her prime, and Hale

A Ka La in her present eternal slumber, that for grandeur and magnitude the former will not bear comparison with the latter. We felt well paid for our visit.

/. M.

MEMORIAL DAY.

'This day shall be to you for a memorial!"—

Ex.

xii. 14.

Yes, memory hath its ample round,

Its circles wide to sweep or scan;

But no one day the thonght can bound,

This little life of weary man What heart but hath a record graved,

Its loved who lived, then passed away?

And bitter tears have ever laved,

That shore where breaks eternal day!

'Tis not to times of feud confined, 'Tis not alone from battlefield,

That precious dust in earth is shrined,

Which sad perennial memories yield 'Tis father, mother, daughter, son, 'Tis wife or husband, friend, nay more;

As one by one the race is run,

The goal, yon distant unknown shore

Bring flowers?

Yes, for blue or gray, Each died to save a nation's life;

Then on this one memorial day, 'Neath wreaths of perfume hide the strife.

I But flowers we bring for all our dead,

Tokens of love and hope, aflame;

So when within our narrow bed,

Will some not think and act the same?

Not that the dead care aught for this,

That spirits grieve an unmarked grave;

They know Omnipotence will kiss

To resurrection every slave Though laid away mid wintry snows,

Or fanned by summer's sweetest breath,

Where deserts spread, or ocean throws

Its crested waves, men call it death Yet death and life are met at once;

We garland sadly earthly rest,

But angels give as quick response,

And garland life without unrest

Peace to the dead, our hearts and hands,

Forget their faults and strew with bloom,

While Heaven and all its angel bands,

Forget, in love, beyond the tomb H.

IV. N.

EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, August, 1886.

THE TWENTY-FOURTH.

Pioneer Day, 1886, will long be remembered by the people of Salt Lake City for its celebration in the Tabernacle.

On previous anniversaries of the glorious day, the people of Utah have assembled with rejoicing in their hearts and upon their lips to do honor to the Pioneers, in commemoration of their settlement of the Territory.

On this occasion the sounds of merriment gave place to expressions of sorrow, caused by the absence of those who have ever been the life and light of such gatherings heretofore.

The stands were decorated with emblems of mourning and the following mottoes were exposed to the view of the throngs of Sabbath School superintendents, teachers and children and the general public, which filled the house "Under the Everlasting Covenant, God must and will be glorified."The First Presidency "In exile for conscience sake."Of the Twelve Apostles and Counselors "Those not here are in jeopardy, in prison and in foreign lands, because they prefer to obey God rather than man."The Presidency of the Stake "Having tasted the vengeance of their enemies, and felt their cruel disregard of law, their labors and visits are like the angels', seen only by those who have faith."Of the Presiding Bishopric:

"Those who are absent choose to be wanderers in their own land in preference to being victims to those who have selected them for ruin."The programme of exercises consisted of singing appropriate hymns, prayers for the absent ones, repeating the Articles of Faith and brief addresses by Bishop O. F. Whitney, and Elders B. H.

Roberts and George Goddard.

There were but three of the Pioneers present on the stand.

The ceremonies were profoundly impressive and while the spirits of all were filled with an intense interest in the celebration and hearts were overflowing with love and honor for the Pioneers, these sentiments were expressed in a subdued and quiet manner, strongly in contrast with the joyful hilarity of other days.

The lesson thus taught the youth, by the solemnity of the exercises and the absence of their fathers on this natal day of the Territory will not be forgotten.

The persecution of these times will strengthen the faith and characters of our children.

May God speed the time when again reunited with our leaders and loved ones, now separated from us by the cruel hand of persecution, Pioneer Day may be celebrated as a true and loyal people would celebrate it, with songs of joy and happiness unrestrained.

VOLCANIC ERUPTIONS IN NEW ZEALAND.

The details of the terrible eruption in New Zealand during the month of June, which have just been received, show it to have been one of the most disastrous on record.

The volcanic disturbances were confined to North Island or New Ulster.

This has an area of about forty-four thousand square miles, or almost equal to that of the State of New York.

It is the second largest of the group.

About one tenth of the surface is covered by mountains, the highest peaks of which are either active or extinct volcanoes.

The northern part of the island is noted for the extreme beauty of its scenery, the Auckland lake district being a favorite resort for tourists.

The greatest volcanic activity seems to have been felt in this part of the island.

At Tauranga, on the Bay of Plenty, violent earthquakes followed each other in rapid succession, on the morning of the ninth of June, and were accompanied by showers of fine dust.

In the neighborhood of Rotona, the severity of the shocks were such that

NEWHAVEN.

many believed the island would sink into the sea.

The sensation experienced is said to have been fearful beyond description.

After the first shock, the inhabitants rushed frantically about in all directions.

With the second shock the entire country was illuminated by the volcanic fires.

Mount Terrawerra, on the shore of the beautiful lake of that name, was the first crater to break forth, but in a short time the entire Paersa range was in a state of active eruption, hurling lava and stones over the surrounding country.

The extinct volcano of Ruapehu, which rises to a height of nine thousand one hundred feet near the center of the island, resumed its activity for the first time in tradition.

The scene was one of awful grandeur.

The land for an extent of one hundred and twenty miles in length by twenty in breadth was one mass of flame and hot crumbling soil.

Dense volumes of smoke made luminous by the reflection from the fiery craters hung heavily in the air.

Showers of dust, having a strong sulphurous odor, continued to fall for nearly two days, turning day into night and totally destroying a large number of native villages.

Wairoa was covered to a depth of ten feet with dust and ashes.

The loss of life was considerable, and included a number of English residents.

Those of the natives who escaped were driven frantic with terror.

Many were buried alive by the volcanic dust and scoria.

An old Maori chief had a remarkable escape.

He is stated to have been dug out alive after an imprisonment of one hundred and four hours.

The destruction of the pasture by the dust and mud was so extensive that many cattle have been starved, and great distress exists throughout the entire lake district.

Nearly all vegetation has been blasted by the poisonous vapors, dust, and the mud of blue clay ejected from the volcanoes.

The aspect of the country has been changed, and several of the lakes been transformed into mud baths.

Many of the buildings which escaped being buried have been crushed by the weight of the falling mud.

The effects of the eruption were felt for some distance at sea.

The steamship Southern Cross, bound for Auckland, experienced an almost fatal downfall of dust on the morning of June ioth, the day following the earthquakes.

From five to ten o'clock there was complete darkness, and balls of fire constantly played around the mastheads.

The men being unable to stand the blinding showers of dust, the vessel was put about and stood away to the north, but it was not until eleven o'clock on the following morning that the dust was left behind.

NEWHAVEN.

There is a quaint little village a short distance from Edinburgh, called Newhaven.

Its inhabitants are fishers, and while about them the institutions of modern civilization are being introduced—such as railroads, hotels, fine country residences and the like—they preserve their identity with a persistency that is remarkable.

With the exception of two hotels, a church, and a fine school, the village is old-fashioned in the extreme.

The houses are low, two storied structures, the entire height of the two floors being little more than enough for one respectable story; the entrance to the upper story is, after the old style, by means of stone steps leading up from the outside, while the red tiles, the undulating character of the roof, caused by the gradual yielding of parts of the supports, the dingy windows, small doors, and the general external appearance are certainly not wanting in the picturesque, if it is lacking in that degree of cleanliness and order which is supposed to be so essential to healthful development.

I might add that the village is on the Firth of Forth, and the fisher-

NEW HAVEN.

men and their boats are always visible.

Their evident disposition to live to themslves and preserve their identity is not due to any isolation, for the village is visited by any number of strangers, has two railroads near it, and its main or principal street is a thoroughfare for Leith and the places west.

They seem instinctively to intermarry and to preserve their customs. To the practice of intermarrying is attributed a considerable proportion of the insanity which I am told exists among them in greater percentage than elsewhere.

The women are more conspicuous than the men;

in fact there is no marked difference between the men and the ordinary Forth sailors.

The men generally fish at night, and the women start out in the morning, their baskets filled with the catch of the preceding night, and these they hawk about Leith and Edinburg, the different women having by common consent among them, each a particular beat on which no other can intrude without inviting a row.

Long practice has made them experts at getting the most money for the least fish.

Married and unmarried dress alike, and one can tell the "fish wives,"as they are all called, as far as he can see them. They wear neither hats nor bonnets, and the burden of the loads is generally borne by the head, though the basket which sustains the fish is hung on the back and is made so as to fit.

Their dresses or rather skirts, are exceedingly short, and beneath this skirt, which is universally of a blue woolen goods, I am told they wear all the way from four to seven and eight petticoats, all shorter than the skirt itself, and which gives them a singular breadth below the waist.

A jacket of the same color and material as the skirt, open in front below the waist, and generally going down as low as the skirt, completes the external or visible attire during wet, cold and wintry weather.

It might be proper to add that they invariably wear well-fitting black stockings, and there is an evident community of sentiment in favor of low-cut shoes, the combination as a whole being neat and attractive.

During warmer weather they are given to lighter stuffs, and blossom out in large patterns of striped goods, the stripes being of blue, yellow, black and red, and frequently spotted goods of the same colors—both for skirt and basque.

It may be well to remark, however, that whether for cold or warm seasons, the skirts are always fastidiously brief, and there is a wholesome display of black stockings.

Sunday, however, witnesses an astonishing transformation.

The week day attire is discarded, and the women go to church apparelled in dresses of fashionable length, of rich stuffs, and well made, while their heads are adorned with the gayest and most stylish of hats and bonnets.

They are very simple—some people might say low—in their lives; and they do not thrive so well as they have done.

The introduction of steam trawlers has not only reduced their prices, but has also injured their fishing grounds—or waters, would perhaps be more literally correct.

It is said they once made.

money so fast they could not spend it in their plain and simple way of living; and as is the case among all creatures that are accredited with reasoning faculties, they had their pride.

The result was the introduction of pianos when no one could, or ever hoped to be able to play them; and some actually had two pianos in their dingy little dwellings, so as to put on a little more style than somebody else, or to prevent anybody from outboasting them.

They now begin to appreciate the value of money, and simple as are their wants, it requires a degree of economy to make all ends meet, with the lowering of prices and the rabid competition of the steam trawlers.

At the fisheries inventions in London, some time since, several of the Newhaven fish wives were there.

It is said that the Princess Louise was visiting it, and at that time the Queen's leg was injured, as will be remembered.*

Passing along, she came to the Newhaven fish wives, when one of them spoke up:

"Im'glad ta see ye mem.

An'hoo's yer mither's leg keepin mem?"The Princess smiled and replied "She's

JULIAN'S ATTEMPT TO RESTORE PAGANISM.

much better, thank you.""I'm awfu'glad tae hear it.

Tell yer mither I was speerin'about her, will ye?""What name shall I give her"inquired the Princess? "My name's Maggie Flucker. Guid day, mem."A short time after a couple of Frenchmen came along, and doubtless thinking the Newhaven fish wives were from France, began to talk to them in French.

The women looked at them in a dazed manner for a few minutes, when the truth began to dawn on Maggie, and she cried out: "Awa we ye mun!"and pointing in the direction of the foreign fish wives added: "Tuts; d'ye tak bonny

Scotch lassies for sich like things as they black craws ower yonder?"^>.

Peace means power.

JULIAN'S ATTEMPT TO RESTORE PAGANISM.

On the accession of Julian, styled in history the Apostate, to the imperial throne of Rome in 361, A. D., it seemed to all appearances that Paganism, with all its showy and superstitious rites and ceremonies, was destined to supersede once more the less ostentatious but purer tenets of the Christian faith, and assume its old place as the national religion of the empire.

Julian in early youth, becoming weary and disgusted with the long and fierce controversies, between the bishops of the Eastern Churches, on points of doctrine, and their continual alterations of vital and important principles, secretly renounced Christianity. He placed himself under the tutelage of Ecebolius and

Maximus, two celebrated and learned disciples of the heathen deities, and soon became deeply embued with a strong liking for the Paganistic doctrines.

Being an apt scholar, he made rapid progress and in time became proficient in all the mysteries of that peculiar religious system, which exercised, during a long succession of centuries, such a potent but debasing influence over the darkened minds of a corrupt and licentious people.

Many Christians who knew of Julian's inveterate hatred of everything pertaining to Christianity, beheld with consternation and forebodings of evil his assumption of the reigns of government.

Some even predicted that the terrible scenes and revolting crimes perpetrated in the days of Nero and Diocletian, would be re-enacted upon the devoted heads of the Christians, in all their indescribable fury and relentless cruelty.

But all such apprehensions were dispelled, for the time being, for shortly after his coronation Julian issued an edict granting religious liberty to all his subjects, Pagan, Jew and Gentile, free to worship whom and what they pleased.

But at the same time he went quietly and determinedly to work to accomplish, if possible, the one cherished object of his life—the restoration and permanent establishment of Paganism, in all its former regal pomp and power.

All Pagans that had been banished from the state for various crimes and misdemeanors, during the reign of Constantine, were recalled.

The Christians holding official and prominent positions in the court, magistracy and army were removed, and the offices and emoluments appertaining thereto conferred upon sincere and devout Pagans.

And to prevent a further dissemination of what he termed "the odious and pernicious doctrines of the Galileans,"all Christian colleges and institutions of learning were promptly closed, and forbidden to re-open under the severest penalties.

The costly and magnificent temples of historic fame, which for many years had been unused and allowed to crumble into ruin and decay, were restored to their original architectural beauty and grandeur, and embellished with all the splendid arts of sculpture.

Priests, in rich and gorgeous apparel, with numer-

JULIAN'S ATTEMPT TO RESTORE PAGANISM.

ous trains of attendants, again graced these stately edifices with their august presence, to offer up the accustomed daily sacrifices.

From the mountain heights, the sound of prayer and the sweet strains of music were heard, and the same bullock served a double purpose, a sacrifice to the gods, and a repast to the joyful worshipers.

In thundering tones, the once familiar voices of Jupiter, Apollo, Mars, and the other imaginary gods were heard once more throughout the length and breadth of the Roman world.

To add strength to Paganism and to prove to the world the absurdity of the Christian religion, and the inconsistency and fallibility of the predictions of the prophets, pronounced against Jerusalem and the Jewish race, the devout monarchembraced, with fanatic zeal, the stupendous project of calling in the Jews and rebuilding their temple, on the hill Moriah.

He determined that it should far surpass in beauty and splendor, the Church of the Resurrection on Mount

Calvary, built by his uncle Constantine.

The supervision of the work was entrusted to his friend and favorite, Alypius,who immediately issued a proclamation requesting the Jews from all parts of the dominions, to repair at once to Jerusalem and assist in the consummation of an enterprise which if it had proved a success, would have shaken

Christianity to its very centre;

for the clear-sighted and wily emperor would have used it as a powerful argument against the truth of revelation and prophecy.

The Jews joyfully received and responded to the call, and soon thronged in large and enthusiastic numbers, the noted hills of their famed city.

With unlimited means at their command, supplied from the royal exchequer, and by their more wealthy countrymen, operations were commenced with vigor; but ere the foundation of the mammoth structure had begun to assume shape, and without warning, a terrible earthquake, accompanied by balls of fire, destroyed the unfinished works, and drove back in alarm, the scorched and injured workmen.

Some writers doubt, and will not admit that such a miracle as this ever occurred, while others, equally authentic, aver that it did take place.

A Pagan historian of that century relates that, "Whilst Alypius, assisted by the governor of the province, urged with vigor and diligence, the execution of the work, horrible balls of fire, breaking out near the foundations, with frequent and reiterated attacks, rendered the place from time to time, inaccessible to the scorched and blasted workmen."The Jews, frustrated and impeded in their labors on every hand, by this miraculous power, at length became disheartened and despaired of ever accomplishing the desired object most dear to them—the rebuilding of their city and renowned temple, which for many years was the envy of the world and the pride and glory of the Jewish nation.

Hastily abandoning the ruined works, the Jews bade a reluctant and sorrowful farewell to the city they loved so well, and were again soon scattered throughout the various provinces of the empire.

The Holy City was left once more to be overrun and downtrodden by the Gentile races, but she is still sacred.

Her wickedness and many crimes have caused her untold misery in the past often has she been trampled under foot and made desolate by the armies of her opponents, but the ever watchful eye of Omnipotence has hovered over her with a jealous care, throughout all the dismal and glorious pages of her eventful history, and at no distant day, when the times of the Gentiles shall be fulfilled, a happier day, a brighter era shall most surely dawn for this remarkable city of imperishable fame.

The dispersed remnants of Judah will be called in from their long and weary pilgrimage, no longer to wander from nation to nation as outlaws and outcasts of society, no longer a hiss and a bye-word among men, no longer the objects of ridicule, slander, and abuse, but to possess for ever more in peace, happiness and security, under the gracious smiles of Jehovah, the land of their venerated forefathers, which in the remote ages of the past was be-

ASSO CIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

queathed to them for an everlasting inheritance.

Her barren wastes made exceedingly fruitful, Jerusalem shall emerge once more from her moldering ruins and the long, dark night of her obscurity to shine forth with a lustre that shall never diminish while time endures.

Shortly after the complete failure of this undertaking, Julian's attention was suddenly drawn from the domestic affairs of the empire to the many devastating incursions of the

Persians on his eastern frontiers, and hastily collecting together sixty-five thousand well armed and disciplined soldiers he determined to march into the very heart of the enemy's country and retaliate, by laying waste whole cities and towns. Victory perched upon his banner.until the gates of Ctesiphon,the capital of Persia,were reached.

This city was strongly fortified and garrisoned with the flower of the Persian army.

Nothing dismayed, however, Julian hurled his footsore and weary legions against the impregnable walls only to see them driven back shattered and broken.

He then determined to reduce the city by a close and vigorous seige, but in a short time the unhealthy climate, scarcity of provisions, combined* with the incessant attacks of the fleet, Persian warriors began to decimate his ranks to such a fearful extent that the now anxious and troubled monarch ordered a retreat.

It was during this retreat that Julian met his death.

In a close engagement with a detachment of

Persian horsemen a javelin pierced his side, from the effects of which he succumbed the following night.

His remains were embalmed and entombed at

Tarsus.

Thus, after a short reign of twenty months, expired on the field of battle, a prince, who, although bitterly opposed to Christianity, possessed many noble qualities of heart and mind, which made him esteemed and respected by even his most avowed enemies.

His successor Jovian, a Christian, restored peace and tranquility to the empire, and

Paganism began rapidly to decline, destined never again to rear its head in Rome.

T.

Y. Stanford.

If you would lift me, you must be on higher ground.

If you would liberate me, you must be free.

Emerson.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE—SEVIER.

A quarterly Conference of the Y. M.

M.

I. A.

of Sevier Stake, was held at Fish Lake on Saturday and Sunday, July 10 and n, 1886;

on the ranch of President A.

K. Thurber.

The entire encampment presented a most beautiful scene;

the best of feelings and good order prevailed.

The day preceding the Conference, the large bowery was extended, covered and seated.

Rules for the camp were drawn up, and various committees appointed.

At a. m., and p. m., the entire camp was called together by the roll of the drum, and surrounded the liberty pole, for prayer and instruction.

The five boats were plying the placid waters of Fish Lake with excursionists, at all hours except 'during meeting time.

Horse-racing, foot-racing and other sports were indulged in.

Conference began at 10 a. m., Supt.

Reuben R. Farnsworth presiding.

Present on the stand:—Elders Junius F. Wells and James H. Anderson, of Salt Lake City, President A. K. Thurber of the Stake Presidency, Supt. R. R.

Farnsworth and his assistants, Leo. A.

Bean, and Morten Jensen, Elders Wm.

M.

Palmer and Wm.

Fotheringham and the officers of Associations.

Singing was rendered by the Elsinore

Ward choir.

Opening remarks made by Assistant Superintendent Leo A. Bean.

Song, from Elsinore Association.

Recitation, from Glenwood Association.

Brief lecture /'Life of Parley P.

Pratt,"by M. L. Burr, of Burrville Association.

Lecture, "Life and Customs of the

44Q ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Maories,"by Charles Anderson of Elsinore; who related many happy incidents of his perscnal experience with that peculiar people.

Owing to a sudden shower, the forenoon meeting was adjourned at 1 1:30 a.m.

Conference reconvened at 3 p.m. Elder

Charles Anderson resumed his interesting lecture;

described the modes and customs, laws and traditions, and the surroundings of the Maories.

Concluding by speaking for a brief time, in the

Maori language.

The Presidents of Richfield and Glenwood, reported the condition of their Associations.

Recitation from Richfield Association.

In the evening, at 8:30, p. m., the majority of the people gathered at the bowery, where an interesting programme of exercises was carried out; consisting oi songs, recitations, glees, and instrumental music.

Second day.

Conference convened at a. m.

Elder Junius F. Wells, occupied the entire forenoon, speaking in a very interesting manner.

Depicting the present situation of the Latter-day Saints;

the attitude of the nation we live in towards us, and the duty the young owe themselves, their venerable parents and their Heavenly Father. Made a stirring appeal to the young men, not to submit or cower to any influence that is disposed to encroach upon our liberties; to lay aside all evil habits; lead pure and moral lives, and fit and prepare for future usefulness in the Kingdom of God, which is established on earth.

Two p. m: The Sacrament was administered by the Elders of the Freemont Association.

The General and Stake Authorities of the Y. M. M.

I. A., were presented by Superintendent Farnsworth, and unanimously sustained.

The annual report of the Associations of the Stake, was read by the Superintendent, showing, to wit:

Number of Associations, eighteen;

reports received from sixteen Associations; number of members, five hundred and thirty-nine;

increase, forty-eight;

average attendance, tnree hundred and fifteen;

number of young men in the Stake who are not members, one hundred and six;—reported by but ten Associations.

Total number of meetings, conferences, regular, conjoint and extra meetings, three hundred and thirtythree; seven members on missions;

four hundred and four lectures delivered.

The Superintendent read the census of the camp, as compiled;

to wit:

Vehicles, two hundred and forty-six;

animals, six hundred and eighty-seven;

men, five hundred and seventeen;

women, four hundred and eighty-two; boys one hundred and sixty-seven;

girls, one hundred and sixty-nine; babes, one hundred and five.

Total, men, women and children, one thousand four hundred and forty.

Indians, sixteen.

Grand total of souls, one thousand four hundred and fifty-six.

The oldest person present—a lady eighty-four years old.

Five boats, including Funk's little steamer, "The Eagle."Three photographic galleries; one lemonade stand.

The population of the camp was three hundred and twenty in excess of the Conference held at Fish Lake, in July, 1885.

President A. K. Thurber, addressed the assemblage, testifying to the truth-, ful remarks made by Brother Wells, in the forenoon.

Elder James H.

Anderson bore a strong and convincing testimony to the truth of the latter day work;

touched upon our great destiny under our Lord and Savior.

Said we must learn through trials and experience, how to treat others as ourselves, and to deal out justice to all men.

Elder Fotheringham, of Beaver, said, the present persecution is only for our own good, to make us more firm, rugged and undaunted in our faith.

Elder William M. Palmer, related some thrilling incidents as a missionary.

Said the present crusade against us, preaches the Gospel with greater force, and to a greater field, than we could reach by our ordinary labors.

Conference adjourned to meet at Joseph, October 16 and 17, next. 'Benediction by Elder Junius F. Wells.

John A. Hellstrom, Secretary.

Engravings of The Three Witnesses!

We have a Few Copies of this Interesting

Historical Engraving For Sale.

Framed at $1.50.

Apply at once.

ScientificAmerican The most popular Weekly newspaper devoted to science, mechanics, engineering discoveries, inventions and patents ever published.

Every number illustrated with, splendid engravings.

This publication furnishes a most valuable encycl opedia of information which no person should be without.

The popularity of the Scientific American is such that its circulation nearly equals that of all other papers of its class combined.

Price. $320 a vear.

Discount to Clubs.

Sold by all newsdealers.

MUNN & CO., Publishers, No. 361Broadway, N. Y.

v Munn & Co. have j also had Thirty- '• Eight years'* practice before | the Patent Office and have prepared

Imore than One Hundred ThouIsand applications for patents in the

United States and foreign countries.

r Caveats, Trade-Marks, Copy-rights, Assignments, and all other papers for securing to inventors their rights in the United States, Canada, England, I ranee, Germany and other foreign countries, prepared at short notice and on reasonable terms.

Information as to obtaining patents cheerfully given without charge.

Hand-books of 'information sent free.

Patents obtained through Munn & Co. are noticed in the Scientific

American free.

The advantage of such notice is well understood by all persons who wish to dispose of their patents.

V Address MUNN CO..

Office SCEEOTircc Amebican. 361 Broadway, New York.

The Historical Steel Engraving, "THE

THREE WITNESSES,"Framed and ready for Hanging.

Price, $1.50.

Liberal terms to Competent Agents.

Address:

Contributor Company, Salt Lake City.

Best in the World.

A Beautiful Picture given with every package.

Sold by XZ. C. M. L, Salt Lake City.

INSURE your homes.

For about ONE GENT a day you can save one thousand dollars in case of FIRE.

J, SMI I CO,

SOMETHING NEW

V -j-^3^T33^= - m^- "^te!

e3:-a.tte TEN SETS of the CONTRIBUTOR, Volumes One to Six inclusive, BOUND IN MOR0GG0, Gilt Edges Finished in Most Superb Style.

Names of Owners will be Stamped on Each Volume

AND WILL BE SOLD AT Address:

mlribuUr. foqygaii;

T SPRINGS

The Famous Hot Springs north of Salt Lake

City have been purchased and fitted up for the comfort and convenience of patrons.

Large 'and Elegant Bath Rooms have been erected, and every facility is being afforded the pleas u>r? and health seeher for the enjoyment of these delightful and health-giving waters.

Analysis and Testimonials of their Medicinal Properties will be published at an early day.

8i Diseases Have been effected by their use.

Hot Springs Water to Bathe in.

Hot Springs Water to Drink.

We are confident that at an early date Hot Springs Water will be classed among the Best Medicinal Waters in the world.

JOHN BECK, Proprietor.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

VOLUME EIGHT.

Jrwiiminapy <f/nmwwementQ <_J/ie &ent4e/atci Tzem/ianu taaed ti/eadaie en anneancewa matme /erttncemtna ve/anie, cemmene&na wet/i t/ie (vete/ei nairtmij we// contain many new teataied e/ e'nteiedtj amena w/uen we///e enteie/u new ty/ie, ma/c aA ana tia/tei.

tj/ie /eaaena dete'eo e/ t/ie ve/ame we// /e en centeneeatebn cy &/iaic/i ttave/d:

"The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo."/<u &/aei tsS. <gp.

/y&e/eitd.

O/tAei attiacx'e've teataied we// /e an?ieeeneea en tAe ttied/teetud te a/?/ieai en Me //c/item/ei neem/ei* ^CteVifc^ ate ieaaedtea te eemJi/ete ee//ectebnd ana commence t/te canvadd tei X/Ovi^MUl l&i&rlb wetAcat ae/a?i.

<yt we// /e /ettei man any /tievebad &c/eeme.

t^rcte/y a// dufyfeiimU entet/ea te nave tAeel voucmed /cand Aee te aatAei aA me nam/e4d ana teUtam t/tem emmeaeate/y ci$ 4ece/Yit c/ me necet neem/ei.

^e/eimed we// /e /eana, ey dent en temCj /a O/ctc/'e'l /dt.

<S&d tAeie a4e at'eat one tAcadana dee/dcU'/etd entet/ea te me Aee venaenaj el* td emAeitant mat me nam/'eid ve dent en wetAcat c/e/ay.

THE CONTRIBUTOR 00., Salt Lake City.

tang 4yf Co,, (SIfcTCOX&E'OI&.A.'X'ZEID,) Retail Dealers in Every Description of

GENERAL MERCHANDISE, DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, BOOTS # SHOES, GROCERIES.

Combination of the Popular Firms of Woolley Bros.,

I*. D. & A. Young and Hardy Bros. & Burton.

33-A.ST rTEZMTIFXaE ST., Opposite 25. O.. JML. I Co-imoiativeWann (Successo s to Grant, Odell & Co. and Howard Sebree Co.)

OFFICEES:

DIBECTORS:

HE8ER J. GRANT, President.

F.

M. LYMAN, JOHN HENRY SMITH JOSHUA F. GRANT, Vice-Prest. and Manager, WM. W. RITER, 0. A WOOLLEY, RULON S. WELLS, Secretary, GEORGE ROMNEY, C. S. BURTON, GEORGE T. ODELL, Treasurer.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, JOSEPH F. SMITH.

WOOD AND CHAMPION MACHINES, DEERE AND MOLINE FLOWS, MASSILOJY THRESHERS.

ENDLESS VARIETY OF STANDARD IMPLEMENTS.

.

t,.

Half Block South of Theatre, Salt ILal^e CIt3r, "Crta,]n..