May

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MAY, 1887.

f AGX.

BNGRATING:

Prominent Buildings in Nauvoo Frtntispiect.

The Rise and Fall of Nauroo.

VI B H.

Robtrts Why I am a Mormon Charles W. Penrose The Eastern Question.

IV..

J. M. Tanner sSg Biblical Cosmogony.

III. The Material of Creation.—I

Thos. W. Brookbaitk Electricity.

II.

Galvanic, Voltaic or Dynamic Electricity /. E.

Talmagc...'a6g Is Life Worth Living Beautiful Things EDITORIAL: A Political Duty Discipline and Culture Ida lone Coek NOTICE.

We have in the CONTRIBUTOR Office a number of subscribers'volumes left "to be bound and kept until called for."Owners will oblige by calling for or sending instructions for the immediate delivery of these volumes Subscribers for Volume 7, who paid $2.35 in advance, and are entitled to have their volumes bound free, who have not already dont so. are requested to send their numbers to the office at once, and they will be bound without delay.

Missing numbers will be supplied at 15 cents each.

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

Union Pacific Railway The Great Pioneer Line.

?&?0ttg& C0*ut+$tio&i» %:&** 9 West*.

-> f 4.e » | 4"Every Modern Comfort for All Classes of Travelers.

HE GREAT SHOSHONE FALLS OF SNAKE

RIVER, Only One Day's Ride from Salt Lmke City.

J. W. MORSE.

Genl.

Pass.

A<»^.

JOHN M. BROWNING.

MATT. S.BROWNING.

V vJ: JV.W W OLES'LE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN « ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC, Guns, Rifles, Pistols, Bicycles, Baseball Goods, Fishing Tackle.

.—->§—

oSEKD FOR CATALOGVE.0 » g<» Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

E.TTTBIVX'TIEIiasTGi- mi-A.T BTJIXjIDEZ^S

IfcTEEHD SOUTH TEMPLE ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

JO.HN READING, PIONEER Florist of Utah.

TREES, SHRUBS, PLANTS AND SEEDS, Of Every Description, Acclimated, and Warranted to be Reliable.

Send for Catalogue.

Orders by Mail Carefully Attended to.

X>. O. Sox 366.

s-a-Xji Xuj^.'scjs ci'j r,,

HENRY DINWOODEY.

7L RNITURB.

Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, GES. % SLEDS, ZBZR-A.amiE.TS, ZMIHRZE^OIRS, EVERYTHING IN HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE First South St., Salt Lake City.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0807eng

)t (Kloq) of <£oo"is 3£n±£lli3£nt£.

Vol.

VIII.

MAY, 1887.

No.

7.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

The sixth of April, 1841, is a memorable day in the history of the Latter-clay

Saints.

It broke upon the city of Nauvoo clear and balmy—propitious for the exercises that were to take place.

Early in the morning, before the golden beams of the rising sun had dispelled the russet mantle of departing night, men in bright uniforms might be seen running to and fro to the appointed rendezvous of their respective companies in the Legion; and now from the Iowa side is seen coming two volunteer companies of the militia from that Territory to join in the exercises of the day; which, with the fourteen companies in Nauvoo, made sixteen companies of militia that assembled.

As Brigadier Generals Law and Don

Carlos Smith took their stations at the front of their respective cohorts, the firing of several cannons made the announcement.

Thirty minutes later—at eight o'clock—another peal of artillery told that Major General Bennett had appeared and taken command of the Le-'gion.

And now comes a company of horsemen from the direction of the residence of the Lieutenant General.

The Prophet-General Joseph Smith—for he it is who heads the company—sits on his noble charger as if to the manner born, his face beaming with a joy unspeakable and doubtless his breast bounding with gratitude to his God who had delivered him from many afflictions, and had given him these gleams of sunshine amid the storms of his life. As his party approach the Legion, a delegation of ladies in an open carriage and attended by Major- General Bennett and staff, meet him, and he dismounts to greet them.

With an appropriate address, and in behalf of the ladies of Nauvoo, the delegation present him a silk national flag, which is hailed by the war of artillery and the lively martial strains from the band in attendance.

In accepting the flag Joseph assured them that while he had charge of the Legion, it should never be disgraced; then it was handed to Cornet Robinson, and was soon seen gracefully waving at the head of the Legion. Then followed military evolutions and a grand review of the Legion by the Lieutenant

General.

The movements of the troops being described by an eye witness as "chaste, grand and imposing, reflecting great credit upon the taste and skill of both officers and men."A procession was formed and all marched to the temple site.

Here the Legion was formed in a hollow square surrounding the excavations made for the foundation of the temple and enclosing the officers of the Legion, choir, citizens and prominent elders of the Church who were to lay the corner stones of that structure.

Sidney Rigdon was the orator of the occasion;

and, doubtless owing to the recent admonition he had received in the revelation from the Lord, already noticed in this article, he was aroused from his lethargy for the time.

At any rate, on this occasion he spoke with some of his old fervor and eloquence.

He reviewed the trials of the past, the blessings they then enjoyed, and the brightening prospects of the future, and dwelt at some length upon the'import-

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

ance of building temples, and the labor to be performed in them.

At the conclusion of the oration, at the direction of the First Presidency the architects lowered the southeast cornerstone to its place, and Joseph Smith said:

"This principal corner-stone in representation of the First Presidency, is now duly laid in honor of the great God;

and may it there remain until the whole fabric is completed and may the same be accomplished speedily that the Saints may have a place to worship God, and the Son of Man have where to lay His head."To which Sidney Rigdon, added:

"May the persons employed in the erection of this house, be preserved from all harm while engaged in its construction, till the whole is completed, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.

Even so, Amen."Thus were laid the corner-stones of the Nauvoo Temple, amid the rejoicing of the Saints; and even strangers forgot their prejudices and joined with hearty good will, as respectful spectators of the proceedings.

"Such an almost countless multitude of people,"says one account of the scenes of the day, written at the time, "moving in harmony, in friendship, in "dignity, told with a voice not easily misunderstood, that they were a people of intelligence, and virtue, and order;

in short, that they were Saints;

and that the God of love, purity and light, was their God, their exemplar and director; and that they were blessed and happy."While upon this subject, we quote the instructions on temple building from the

History of Joseph Smith:

"If the strict order of the Priesthood were carried out in the building of temples, the first stone will be laid at the southeast corner, by the First Presidency of the Church.

The southwest corner should be laid next.

The third or northwest corner next; and the fourth or northeast corner the last.

"The First Presidency should lay the southeast corner-stone, and dictate who are the proper persons to lay the other corner-stones.

"If a temple is built at a distance, and the First Presidency are not present, then the quorum of the Twelve Apostles are the proper persons to dictate.the order ^br that temple; and in the absence of the Twelve Apostles, then the Presidency of the Stake will lay the southeast corner-stone.

The Melchisedec Priesthood laying the corner-stones on the east side of the temple, and the Lesser Priesthood those on the west side."During the remaining days of their conference, opened with such splendid ceremonies, the Saints were instructed in principle and doctrine, the quorums of the Priesthood were arranged in their proper order and the important questions of business put to each quorum separately and voted upon; especially the names of those whom God had appointed and reappointed to fill the respective positions alluded to in the revelation spoken of in the previous number. Besides this the several charters of Nauvoo, the Legion, University, Agricultural and Manufacturing Association, Nauvoo House Association, etc. were read and accepted by the Church.

Amasa Lyman was sustained to fill the vacancy in the quorum of the Twelve.

John C. Bennett was presented in connection with the first Presidency as assistant President, until Sidney Rigdon's health should be restored.

Every thing necessary for the welfare, happiness and prosperity of the

Saints was considered, and preparations made to push the work of God forward in all its departments.

The conference lasted from Wednesday morning until Sunday night, and is one of the most important ever held by the Church.

"In Illinois we have found a safe retreat,

A home, a shelter from oppressions dire

Where we can worship God as we think right,

And mobbers come not to disturb our peace

Where we can live and hope for better days,

Enjoy again our liberty, our rights;

That social intercourse which freedom granted, And charity requires from man to man.

And long may charity pervade each breast,

And long may Illinois remain the scene

Of rich prosperity, by peace secured!"

Thus sang one of the poets of Nauvoo.

And indeed the circumstances surrounding the Saints at the time were of a character to bid them hope that Nauvoo would be to them "a safe retreat."The friendship of nearly all the leading men of the State;

the universal sympathy felt by the people of the State for the

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

victims of Missouri's fury; the action of the State Legislature in granting the several charters noted in our last number, all supported the hopes expressed in the lines we have quoted.

Yet, early in the summer of 1841, an event happened which threatened the peace of the inhabitants of Nauvoo.

When busily intent on the performance of some labor, or duty, or even when in pursuit of pleasure, how often it happens that we work on, or enjoy our pleasure in the bright sunshine, without ever thinking of storms, until a sudden clap of thunder startles us, and looking up, we see that dark clouds have arisen above the horizon; the bright skies are rapidly becoming overcast—a storm is impending!

So it was with the Saints at Nauvoo concerning the matter of which we speak.

It fell upon them as unexpectedly as falls a thunderbolt from a cloudless sky.

It occurred in this manner: Agreeable to the mission appointed to Hyrum Smith and William Law, in a revelation given January 19th, 1841, these two men started for the Eastern States, and Joseph accompanied them as far as Quincy;

returning to Nauvoo the Prophet stopped at Heberlin's Hotel, on Bear Creek, some twenty-eight miles south of Nauvoo.

While here a sheriff's posse under the direction of Thomas King, sheriff of Adam's County, accompanied by an officer from Missouri, arrested him on a requisition from the governor of the State of Missouri.

The warrant upon which the arrest was made was the one issued by the authorities of

Missouri early in September, 1840;

an effort to serve which was made on the fifteenth of that month, but the officers failed in their errand, as the brethren wanted, viz:

Joseph Smith, Jr., Sidney Rigdon, Lyman Wight, P. P. Pratt, Caleb

Baldwin and A.

Brown were not in Nauvoo, as already related in a former number.

The requisition on the governor of Illinois, charged that these men were fugitives from justice;

and they were wanted in Missouri to answer to the old charges of "theft, arson and murder,"supposed to have been committed in Caldwell and Daviess Counties in the summer and fall of 1838.

What made Joseph's arrest more a matter of surprise to him was, that only a few hours previous to its being made, he had been in company with Governor

Carlin at the latter's residence, and was treated with the greatest respect and kindness; yet not one word was said by the governor about the requisition made by Missouri for his arrest.

Joseph returned to Quincy in company with the sheriff's posse, and secured a writ of habeas corpus from Chas.

A.

Warren, Master in Chancery.

The same evening Saturday, June 5th, Judge Stephen A. Douglass arrived in'Quincy, and appointed the hearing on the writ to take place the following Tuesday, at

Monmouth, Warren County.

In the meantime the news of Joseph's arrest reached Nauvoo, and created no little excitement. A party of seven men, under the leadership of Hosea Stout, left Nauvoo for Quincy, Sunday morning, in a skiff, to render the prophet any assistance in their power, and prevent his enemies taking him to Missouri.

They struggled against a head wind all day, but reached Quincy at dusk only to learn that Joseph had gone to Nauvoo in charge of Sheriff King and another officer; there was nothing for them to do but to return.

Sheriff King was taken sick at Nauvoo, but Joseph nursed him, with all the tenderness of a brother, at his own house and the day following, Monday, started for Monmouth, accompanied by a large number of the leading men of Nauvoo and the Sheriff whom Joseph cared for personally during the journey of seventy-five miles.

The party arrived at Monmouth on Tuesday, but at the request of the state attorney, who claimed he was not prepared on the case, the hearing was postponed until the next day.

The appearance of Joseph in Monmouth caused considerable excitement.

He was invited to preach, but thought it best, as he was a prisoner, not to do so;

but he appointed Amasa Lyman to preach

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

in the court room on Wednesday evening.

The prejudice of the people of Monmouth was as excessive as it was blind, they employed several attorneys to assist the prosecution, and declared that if there were any lawyers in the district who would even undertake the defense of the prophet, they never need look to the people of that county again for political favors.

But there were strong men in attendance at the court, men not to be frightened by such threats and whose souls despised the petty minds that could frame them; Joseph, therefore, was ably defended by Messrs.

Charles A. Warren, Sidney H. Little, O.

H. Browning, James H. Ralston, Cyrus Walker dnd Archibald Williams.

The pleadings of the lawyers for the defense were peculiarly affecting, since all of them were more or less acquainted with the condition of the Saints when they fled from the violence of Missourians into Illinois.

O. H. Browning had seen several of these companies of Saints in their flight and could trace them by the blood left in their footprints on the snow; his recital of their sufferings moved

Judge Douglass, most of the officers of the court and the spectators to tears.

One of the brethren present who wrote up an account of the trial for the Nauvoo papers says:

"He [Mr. Browning] concluded his remarks by saying, to tell the prisoner to go to Missouri for a trial was adding insult to injury, and then said:

'Great God!

Have I not seen it?

Yes, my eyes have beheld the blood-stained traces of innocent women and children, in the dreary winter, who had traveled hundreds of miles barefoot, through frost and snow, to seek a refuge from their savage pursuers.

'Twas a scene of horror, sufficient to have enlisted the sympathy of an adamantine heart.

And shall this unfortunate man, whom their fury has seen proper to select for sacrifice, be driven into such a savage land, and none dare to enlist in the cause of justice?

If there was no other voice under heaven ever to be heard in this cause, gladly would 1 stand alone, and proudly spend my lata6t breath in defense of an American citizen."The lawyers for the prosecution, according to Joseph's own account, acted honorably and confined themselves to the merits of the case, excepting two

Knowlton and Jennings.

They made an appeal both to the passions and prejudices of the people, and sought to create an excitement over the matter.

Judge Douglass, too, was impartial in his rulings, and doubtless one officer of the court—thesheriff of Warren County thought him severe in his efforts to protect the prisoner.

The court room was densely packed, and the judge ordered the sheriff to keep the spectators back;

but this he neglected and the judge fined him ten dollars.

In a few minutes the order to keep the spectators from crowding the prisoner and witnesses was repeated, and the sheriff told the court that he had ordered a constable to do it.

"Clerk,"said Judge Douglass, "add ten dollars more to that fine."This was effectual, the sheriff after that did his duty.

Joseph claimed in this case that he was unlawfully held a prisoner, and that he could prove that the indictment upon which he was arrested had been obtained by fraud, bribery and duress.

This line of defense, however, raised the question as to whether the court had the right to inquire into the merits of the case.

A long debate between opposing counsel followed.

But it will be remembered that an attempt to arrest Joseph on the requisition from the governor of

Missouri had been made in September previous; and it appears that after the fruitless effort to make the arrest, the sheriff of Hancock County returned the writ; and the defense claimed that after the return of the writ to the executive, the defendant could not be legally arrested upon it.

It was upon this point that the court set Joseph at liberty.

Following is Judge Douglass'decision on this point:

"The writ being once returned to the Executive by the sheriff of Hancock County was dead, and stood in the same relationship as any other writ which might issue from the circuit court, and consequently the defendant cannot be held in custody on that writ."

On the other point in the case—as to whether evidence in the case was admissible—the judge withheld his opinion for

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

further consideration, as the question was a grave one, involving'the future conduct of the States in their relationship with each other; but on the ground that the writ was void, dead by reason of a former return being made on it by the sheriff of. Hancock County, he ordered the discharge of the prisoner, ajid

Missouri was again foiled in her designs upon the life of the prophet.

At the conclusion of the trial Joseph ordered dinner for his company, which numbered by that time some sixty men.

"And when I called for the tavern bill,"says Joseph, "the unconscientious fellow replied, "only one hundred and sixty dollars."Some time after this, in September following, Joseph sent the costs of this trial to the sheriff of Adam's County, of which the following is a copy.

Nauvoo, Sept. 30, 1841.

To the Deputy Sheriff of Adam s* County

The following is a statement of my expenses, costs and liabilities, consequent upon my arrest and trial while in your custody, to wit

To amount of fees to Esquires Ralston,

Warren & Co $250 00 Esquires Little, Williams, Walker & Browning,....

100 00 "Seven days for self, horse and carriage at $5.00 per day,.

35 00 "Money spent during that time consequent upon arrest,.

.

.

60 00 "Twelve witnesses,....

240 00 $685 00 To which was added this note:

Dear Sir.—You will please take such measures as*to put me in possession of the above amount, which is justly due me as above stated;

to say nothing of false'imprisonment 'and other expenses.

Receive my respects, etc.

.

Joseph Smith.

With the exception of this difficulty we have just considered, and a few minor ones that we shall note in passing, the summer of glided pleasantly by, bringing to the busy inhabitants of Nauvoo, many seasons of social and spiritual refreshment. Their city was the most promising and thrifty in the great State of Illinois, and the fame thereof had gone abroad every where, which together with the peculiar religion of its inhabitants, attracted much attention of the people.

Strangers from far and near made it a point to visit Nauvoo, and the peace, sobriety, industry and public spirit of the citizens challenged their admiration, whatever views they might entertain respecting their religion.

A large bowery was constructed just west of the temple site where the people assembled for worship.

Here the young Prophet preached his most powerful discourses, and taught his people in the doctrine of the heavenly kingdom; and not unfrequently it happened that "Fools who came to mock, remained to pray."

While the leading men of the State of

Illinois were generally favorably inclined towards the citizens of Nauvoo, the Saints on their part manifested a lively interest in the general concerns of the State;

and by no means intended to make either their city or the Legion exclusively

Mormon.

On the contrary they were willing to unite with their fellow citizens in every good work and enterprise, and tolerate religious differences.

Indeed, repeated invitations were sent out to the honorable men, not only of the State of Illinois, but of the United States, to men of capital and influence and integrity, asking them to come to Nauvoo and assist in building up a glorious city.

In July, Sidney H.

Little, of the State Senate, was killed by leaping from his carriage, while his horse was unmanageable; and that the "Saints might mourn with those who are called to mourn,"as Joseph puts it, the eighteenth day of July was set apart as a day of fasting among the Saints.

By thus manifesting a feeling of sympathy and interest, they sought to cultivate peace and good will among their fellow citizens, and a number of honorable, and some of them influential men, while not -accepting the faith of the Saints, became friendily disposed towards them and associated with them in various business transactions.

But the good will of the Saints was not very generally reciprocated, by the people of Illinois; and there were, even at that early date, envyings and bitter-

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

ness manifested by those who were jealous of the prosperity and increasing power of the Saints in Nauvoo and vicinity. The same spirit existed to some extent in Iowa as will be seen by the following occurrence:

General Swazey, in command of the militia of Iowa Territory, invitedJoseph and Hyrum Smith, and

General Bennett to attend the parade of the militia of that Territory at Montrose.

The invitation was accepted, and General Swazey received his visitors courteously, and so did the militia.

But during a recess in the exercises taken at noon, a Mr.

D. W.

Kilburn tried to create a disturbance by circulating the following note among the troops:

"Citizens of Iowa—The laws of Iowa do not require you to muster or be reviewed by Joe Smith or General Bennett;

and should they have the impudence to attempt it, it is hoped that every person having a proper respect for himself, will at once leave the ranks."The facts are that these militia companies were not mustered by Joseph's order, nor did he expect to review them.

He had simply accepted the general's invitation to witness the movements of the troops as other spectators were doing, and neither Joseph nor Hyrum were in uniform.

General Swazey had been several times invited to attend the drills and reviews of the Legion at Nauvoo, and he had simply returned the courtesy to the officers of the Legion.

Kilburn's effort, however, to create a disturbance was not successful, though the papers of the State commented upon it, and some began to whisper that it was Joseph's ambition to build up a military church and extend his faith, Mohammed-like, by the sword.

Early in the summer of 1841, in fact in the month of May, Joseph called upon the Saints everywhere to come into Hancock County, that there might be a concentration of effort to build up Nauvoo.

The proclamation closes with these words:

"Let it therefore be understood that all the stakes excepting those in this county [Hancock] and in 'Lee County, Iowa, are discontinued;

and the Saints instructed to settle in this county as soon as circumstances will permit."

The Twelve Apostles, whose departure from Nauvoo on their missions to England under very trying circumstances we related,, in a former number, returned during the summer, after accomplishing one of the most successful and remarkable missions in modern -times.

They were a tower of strength to Joseph, and he was not long in availing (himself of their valuable support.

At a special conference convened in Nauvoo on the sixteenth of August, 1841, Joseph said:

"The time had come when the Twelve should be called upon to stand in their place next to the First Presidency; and attend to the settling of emigrants and the business of the Church at the stakes, and assist to bear off the kingdom victoriously to the nations."And he at once turned over to their management many of the temporal affairs, with which he had been perplexed, and devoted himself more exclusively to spiritual labors.

One of the most pleasing events that happened, during the summer of which we write, was the visit of the Indian Chief Keokuk to Nauvoo.

He was accompanied by Kiskukosh, Appenoose and about one hundred chiefs and braves of the Sac and Fox tribes, together with their families.

They were brought over from the Iowa side on the ferry and two large flat boats.

The band and a detachment of the Legion met them at the landing, but as soon as Keokuk failed to recognize Joseph among those who had come to bid him welcome, he refused to land or allow any of his party fo go ashore until Joseph made his appearance.

The arrangement had been made for the band and the detachment of the Legion to lead the dusky visitors to the grove, where the Saints held their meetings;

and there Joseph would have joined them.

But Keokuk seemed to have his own ideas in relation to the etiquette that was to be observed at his reception, and waited until Joseph met him at the landing and bade him welcome to Nauvoo.

At the grove Joseph addressed the Indians at some length, upon what the Lord had revealed to him concerning

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

their forefathers, and recited to them the glorious promises contained in the Book of Mormon respecting themselves, the despised remnants of a once splendid race.

How their hearts must have glowed and their eyes brightened as they listened to the young prophet relate the story of their forefathers'rise and fall, and the bright promises held out to them of redemption from their fallen state!

In conclusion Jaseph counseled them to cease killing each other, and warring with other tribes or with the whites.

To Joseph's speech Keokuk replied:

"I have a Book of Mormon at my wigwam that you gave me a number of moons ago.

I believe you are a great and good man.

Keokuk looks rough, but I am a son of the Great Spirit.

I have heard your advice.

We intend to quit fighting, and follow the good talk you have given us."After the "talk,"they were feasted by the Saints with good food and dainties and melons.

At the conclusion of the feast, they gave a specimen of their war dance to entertain the spectators, and then returned to the Iowa side of the river to their encampment.

Thus passed away the sunshine of 1841 and by the first of October—the date fixed for the semi-annual conference the early autumn frosts had tinged the forest leaves with purple and gold, giving to the splendid scenery about Nauvoo an additional charm.

President Joseph Smith was not present at the opening of the conference.

He had that morning gone to assist in laying the corner-stone of the Nauvoo House, which the Saints by revelation had been commanded to build.* The conference however was opened by President Brigham Young.

The principal subject brought before the people at this conference was the redemption of the dead, and building the temple.

This matter appeared to impress itself upon the mind of Joseph with great force, and nothing, apparently, gave him more delight than to explain its importance to the Saints. Up * Doctrine and Covenants, Section 124.

to this time many baptisms for the dead had been performed in the river, but it was now announced that no more baptisms for the dead should be attended to, until it could be done in the font of the Lord's house, for thus had the Lord commanded.

The Saints, however, were not long denied the privilege of performing this work of baptisim for their dead, as on the eighth of November, following the conference, a baptismal font had been completed and dedicated in the basement of the temple.* Joseph made a full report of the Church property in his charge as trusteein-trust for the Church, and also took occasion to report the amount of his own earthly possessions, of which the following is a copy:

"Old Charley, a horse given to him several years before in Kirtland;

two pet deers; two old turkeys and four young ones; an old cow given to him by a brother in Missouri;

old Major, a dog;

his wife, children, and a little household furniture."Surely his earthly goods did not far * The font was constructed of pine timber, and put together of staves tongued and grooved, oval shaped, sixteen feet long east and west, and twelve feet wide, seven feet high from the foundation, the basin four feet deep;

the moulding of the cap or base was formed of beautiful carved word in antique style, and the sides were finished with panel work.

There were steps leading up and down into the basin in the north and south sides, guarded by side railings.

The font stood upon twelve oxen, four on each side and two at each end, their heads, shoulders and fore legs projecting out from under the font.

They were carved out of pine plank, glued together, and copied after the most beautiful fiveyear-old steer that could be found in the country.

The oxen and ornamental mouldings of the font were carved by Elder Elijah Fordham, from New York.

The font was inclosed by a temporary frame building sided up with split oak clap-boards, with a roof of the same material, but was so low that the timbers of the first story of the temple were laid above it.

The water was supplied from a well thirty feet deep in the east end of the basement.

This font was built for the baptism for the dead until the temple could be completed, when a more durable one was to take its place."Millennial Star, Vol xviii, 744.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

exceed those of Him who had not where to lay His head.

Among the most despicable occupa- tions that men engage in, that of campfollower holds a front rank.

By plundering the dead, by the practice of extortion upon the living, by taking advantage of the license and reign of terror that follows in the wake of an army, he plunders the terrified people, not unfrequently claiming to be authorized by the commanders of the army, in order to be more successful in his rapine.

Thus he seeks to enrich himself upon the misfortunes and terrors of others and at the expense of the reputation of armies and their commanders.

More loathsome are such characters than the vultures that hover about the fields made red by human gore, to glut themselves upon the festering, swollen bodies of the dead.

Yet more to be despised than the campfollower is that man who will attach himself to a religious community with a view of profiting in schemes of villainy;

and when discovered in his crimes throws the responsibility of his evil-doing upon the leaders of the community, claiming that his crimes have been taught to him as a part of his religion.

Such men are wholesale character assassins, for by their deeds virtuous communities are brought into disrepute, and reproach is cast upon their religion.

Some such characters had attached themselves to the Saints in Nauvoo and vicinity, and gave a coloring to the charges that were made against the Church, to the effect that the leaders thereof sanctioned stealing, so long as it was practiced on the Gentiles—those not belonging to the Church. Such were the rumors given out by some members of the Church engaged in this infamous business.

On the eighteenth of November a nest of such vipers was uncovered at Ramus, near Nauvoo; and they were promptly excommunicated from the Church by the Apostles, who were holding a conference at the place on the date above mentioned.- Both Joseph and Hyrum took advantage of the occasion to make affidavits before proper officers of the law to the effect that they had never given their sanction to such infamous doctrine as that attributed to them;* and the Twelve Apostles in an epistle to the public disavowed ever sanctioning the crime of theft.

Hyrum in his affidavit says:

"I hereby disavow any sanction or approbation by me of the crime of theft, or any.other evil practice in any person or persons whatever, whereby either the lives or property of our fellow men may be unlawfully taken or molested;

neither are such doings sanctioned or approbated by the First Presidency or any other persons in authority or good standing in the Church, but such acts are altogether in violation of the rules, order and regulations of the Church, contrary to the teachings given in said Church, and the laws of both God and man."In a public declaration to which Joseph appended his affidavit the Prophet said:

"It has been proclaimed upon the housetops and in the secret chamber, in the public walks and private circles throughout the length and breadth of this vast continent, that stealing by the

Latter-day Saints has received my approval; nay, that I have taught them the doctrine, encouraged them in plunder, and led on the van—than which nothing is more foreign from my heart.

I disfellowship the perpetrators of all such abominations; they are devils and not Saints, totally unfit for the society of Christians or men.

It is true that some professing to be Latter-day Saints have taught such vile heresies, but all are not Israel that are of Israel;

and I want it distinctly understood in all coming time, that the

Church over which I have the honor of presiding, will ever set its brows like brass, and its face like steel, against all such abominable acts of villainy and crime."Nor were the Twelve less forcible in denouncing this iniquity.

In an epistle printed at the same time with the above they said:

"We know not how to express our abhorrence of such an idea, and can only say it is engendered in hell, founded in falsehood, and is the offspring of the devil that it is at variance with every principle of righteousness and truth, and will damn all that are connected with it.

We further call upon the Church to bring all such characters before the authorities, that they may be tried and dealt with according to the law of God and delivered up to the laws of the land."Times and Seasons, for December, 1841.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

About this time, too, there were gangs of robbers operating up and down the Mississippi river from which the Saints suffered, as many of their horses and cattle were stolen; but more serious injury arose from the fact that the acts of these robbers were attributed to the Saints, and did much to prejudice the minds of the public against them.

In the month of December the attempt to build up the town of Warren, located one mile south of Warsaw, was abandoned.

As early as the fall of Daniel S. Witter, a man owning a sawmill at Warsaw, held out inducements to the First Presidency of the Church to settle at, or in the vicinity of Warsaw, but the location where they built up Nauvoo was considered preferable.

Still Witter, Aldrich, Warren and others continued to solicit the authorities of the Church to make an attempt to build tip. a city near Warsaw; and finally, in the spring of 1841, an agreement was entered into between the Church authorities and Witter, Warren and

Aldrich, owners of the school section located just south of Warsaw, by which any of the

Mormon people on this school section, already surveyed into town lots and called Warren, were to have certain privileges granted them.

In September, Willard Richards was located at Warsaw and made what preparations he could to receive settlers.

Some few families of Saints gathered there, and in November two hundred and four Saints from England were counseled to locate in that vicinity.

But no sooner had preperations to build up the place been made than the citizens of

Warsaw attempted to form an anti-Mormon association, and manifest other symtoms of an unfriendly character.

They raised the rents, Mr. Witter himself raised one dollar per barrel on flour, while Aldrich forbade the people using the old wood on the school section.

These unfriendly demonstrations led to the abandonment of the enterprise of building up Warren, as the Church authorities promptly advised the Saints who had tarried there to remove to Nauvoo.

The winter of 1841-2 was a busy one.7* for Joseph and those who labored with him as his scribes.

He read the proof of the Book of Mormon previous to its being stereotyped; and prepared that concise yet admirable historical sketch of the Rise and Progress of the Church, together with a summary of the principles it teaches—now known as the Articles of Faith—for Mr. Wentvvorth of

Chicago, who was writing a history of Illinois.

He also prepared for publication his translation of the Book of Abraham from Egyptian papyrus,* and which * "The rolls of papyrus filled with Egyptian characters and hieroglyphics, from which Joseph translated the Book of Abraham, came into his possession in the following manner:

"In 1 83 1 the celebrated French traveler Antonio Sebolo, penetrated Egypt as far as the ancient city of Thebes, under a license procured from Mehemet Ali—then Viceroy of Egypt through the influence of Chevalier Drovetti, the French Consul.

Sebolo employed four hundred and thirty-three men for four months and two days, either Turkish or Egyptian soldiers, paying them from four to six cents a day per man.

They entered the Catacombs near ancient Thebes on the seventh of June, 1831, and procured eleven mummies.

These were shipped to Alexandria, and from there the great traveler started with his treasures for Paris.

But enroute for the French capital Sebolo put in at Trieste, where he was taken sick, and after an illness of ten days, died.

This was in 1832.

Previous to his death he willed his Egyptian treasures to his nephew, Michael H. Chandler, who was then living in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, but whom Sebolo believed to be in Dublin, to which city he ordered the mummies shipped.

"Mr.

Chandler ordered the mummies forwarded to New York where he took possession of them.

Here the coffins for the first time were opened, and in them was found two rolls of papyrus covered with engravings.

While still in the custom house, Mr. C, was informed by a gentleman, a stranger to him, that no one in the city- could translate the -characters; but was referred to Joi>ep£ Smith, who, the stranger informed him, possessed some kind of gift or power by which he had previously translated similar characters.

Joseph Smith was then unknown to Mr. C.

The mummies were shipped to Philadelphia; and from there Mr. C. traveled through the country, exhibiting them and the rolls of papyrus, reaching Kirtland in

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

in its importance as a record of the ancient Saints brought to light in this age, stands only second to the Book of

Mormon, though the study of it is sadly neglected by the Latter-day Saints.

These labors, together with instructing the Saints, attending debating schools, and laboring in the City Council, organizing and instructing Relief Societies, occupied the attention of the Prophet until the opening of spring.

Meantime Nauvoo had been rapidly building up.

The Temple and Nauvoo House were being pushed ahead with considerable vigor; and many neat cottage homes had taken the place of the rude temporary cabins that had been constructed to shelter the people until their industry could win better homes.

The population in the spring of 1842 was between eight and ten thousand and the stream of emigration from the British mission by that time had commenced to flow in.

The new citizens assisted in no small degree to increase the prosperity of this central gathering place of the Saints.

But the Church had passed through a long period of disaster.

Time and again the early members of the Church had been driven away from their homes, and while their faith in their religion remained unshaken, these frequent drivings and mobbings stripped them of their property and of course ruined their financial schemes; and though their prospects at

Nauvoo began to brighten, the people were constantly plagued by the presentation of old claims upon them, their creditors making small or no allowance for the disasters which had overtaken them.

This was a constant draught upon their resources and a great hindrance to the growth of Nauvoo.

Finally, as a means July, 1835, and the Saints purchased some of the mummies and the two rolls of papyrus, one of which was the writing^of Abraham and the other of Joseph, who was sold into Egypt. The

Book of Abraham has been translated and published, at least in part.

Elder George Reynolds has published a work on this subject, "The Divine Authenticity of the Book of Abraham,"which should be carefully studied by every Elder in Israel.

B. H. R.

of protection against unreasonable, importunate creditors, a number of the leading brethren, among them the Prophet

Joseph, took advantage of the Bankrupt Law.

Under this law any one owing a certain amount more than he was able to pay, made out a schedule of his property and likewise of his debts, and placed both in the hands of an assignee, who paid his creditors whatever percentage of his debts his property amounted to;

and the assignor could start again without being compelled to pay any of the old claims held against him previous to his declared insolvency.

In whatever light this action on the part of the brethren may appear at first sight, an examination into all the circumstances will reveal the fact that as a means of self-protection it became absolutely necessary.

They were financially down, and before they could rise to their feet, inexorable creditors were upon them to take away their substance.

If it is possible for an individual or a company to be justified in taking advantage of the bankrupt law, then the Mormon leaders, were.

There was no effort on the part of those who took advantage of the bankrupt law to defraud their creditors.

To parties with whom Joseph had contracted for lands, he wrote that he still considered his contracts with them as good; and in the case of the Hotchkiss purchase he proposed to renew fcthe contract; but this step placed the brethren beyond the power of their unjust creditors, and necessity compelled the action.

As early as January, 1842, Joseph, as Lieutenant-General of the Legion, issued orders for a general military parade and review of the Legion to take place on the seventh of May following.

A subsequent order, issued in April, marking out the programme for the day's exercises contained the following clause:

"At three o'clock p. m. the cohorts will separate and form in line of battle, the brigadiers assume their respective commands, and General

Law's command [cavalry] will make a descent upon that of General Rich's [cohort C, infantry] in order of sham battle."The lieutenant-general had invited the

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

consolidated staff of the Legion and their ladies to partake of a repast militaire, on the occasion at his house.

On the morning of the day appointed for the drill and review two thousand troops.were in the field; and an immense concourse of spectators, both of Saints and strangers.

Such was the interest taken in the movements of the people of

Nauvoo, that a number of the prominent men of the State within easy reach of the city of the Saints attended the review.

Judge Stephen A. Douglass adjourned the circuit court, then in session at the county seat, Carthage, in order to attend.

As soon as the lieutenant-general heard of the presence of Judge Douglass, he sent him an invitation to attend the military dinner given at his.

house, which the judge accepted.

It was a glorious day, passing off without drunkenness or noise or disorder;

and even the strangers expressed themselves as highly satisfied with what they had witnessed.

But even during the brightest days clouds will sometimes drift across the sun's disc;

so in the moments of man's supreme happiness, it often occurs that shadows arise to alarm his fears, and remind him how fleeting are the joys of this life.

Some drops of Joy with draughts of ill between;

Same gleams of sunshine 'mid renewing storms, are all that he may hope for.

So was it with the principal founder of Nauvoo on the day of the drill.

When the respective cohorts were drawn up in line of battle, facing each other, Major-General

John C.

Bennett rode up to General Smith and asked him to lead tbe charge of the first cohort, but Joseph declined.

He next asked him to take a position in the rear of the cavalry without his staff during the engagement, but against this

Captain A. P. Rockwood, the commander of Joseph's life guard, objected, and Joseph with his staff chose his own position.

Of this incident Joseph remarks:

"If General Bennett's true feelings towards me are not made manifest to the world in a very short time, then it may be possible that the gentle breathings of that spirit which whispered to me on parade that there was mischief in that sham battle, were false; a short time will determine the point.

Let John C. Bennett answer at the day of judgment, Why did you request me to command one of the cohorts, and also to take my position without my staff, during the sham battle on the seventh of May, 1842, where my life might have been forfeited and no man have known who did the deed?"This is about the first intimation that we have in any of the Church records of

John C. Bennett's disaffection towards Joseph or the Church. Two years before he had come to Nauvoo—then Commerce—filled with that fiery zeal "for the holy faith,"which is only known to the newly made convert.

He was a man of considerable learning and ability and devoted himself assiduously to bring to pass the prosperity of Nauvoo.

He was of great service to Joseph as a kind of lieutenant, and the prophet was wont to say of him that he was about the first man he had about him who could do exactly what he wanted done, the way it should be done, and do it at once.

In training the Legion and assisting in the drafting of the Nauvoo and other charters, he had rendered invaluable service; and had he possessed qualities of heart equal to those of his head, he was calculated to have been a valuable acquisition to the city of Nauvoo.

Nor am I willing to believe that his motives in uniting himself with the Church were altogether evil, notwithstanding the facts that subsequent events proved that his life previous to his joining the Church was grossly immoral.

I am quite willing to believe that when he came to the Saints it was his determination to reform and win for himself an honorable standing among his fellow-men; but the evil habits he had contracted were too strong for his will, and he sought the gratification of his lusts which led to his fall.

Soon after.he settled at Nauvoo, he paid his addresses to a respectable young lady of the city, and she, believing him to be an honorable man, accepted them, and he promised to marry her.

In the meantime, however, Joseph had received information from the vicinity of Bennett's former residence, to the effect that the Doctor was a mean man, and that he

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

had a wife and several children in McConnellsville, Morgan County, Ohio—

a thing the doctor had kept concealed.

Learning this, Joseph persuaded him to discontinue his attentions to the young lady for a time; but he soon renewed them; whereupon, Joseph threatened to expose him if he did not desist, which, to all appearances, had the desired effect.

Being foiled in his advances towards this young lady, and finding that Joseph stood like a lion in his path to prevent the accomplishment of his evil designs and protect the unsuspecting, he drew around him a covering of hypocrisy, carefully concealed his movements from the Prophet, and proceeded to teach some women, who only knew him as an honorable man, that promiscuous intercourse of the sexes was a doctrine believed in 'by the Latter-day Saints, and that there was no harm in it.

In his first efforts he was unsuccessful; but in his subsequent advice, in the same line, he told them that Joseph and others of the

Church authorities both sanctioned and practiced this wickedness, saying that the Prophet only denounced such things so vehemently in public, because of the prejudice of the public and the trouble it might create in his own house.

In this manner he succeeded in overcoming the scruples of some of his dupes, and seduced several virtuous females.

Nor did the evil end here.

Bennett induced other men to adopt his evil practices; among them, Francis M. and Chauncy L.

Higbee.

These men repeated the assertion made by the doctor, and thus the evil spread, and the reputation of the Prophet was being undermined.

But evils of this character cannot long be practiced without coming to light, and

Doctor Bennett finding that his corruption was about to be uncovered, began to prepare for the shock.

When confronted with positive evidence that"it was known that he had a wife and family, and his whoredoms were also known, he attempted suicide by taking poison, and resisted the administration of antidotes, but he was rescued from this fate in spite of himself.

Before his evil course was known arrangements were made to run the doctor for representative from the district, in which Nauvoo was included, to the State

Legislature.

But one day Joseph met the doctor in the presence of Squire Wells, and addressed him in substance as follows:

"Doctor, I can sustain you no longer.

Hyrum is against you, the Twelve are against you, and if

I do not come out against sin and iniquity I shall myself be trodden under foot as a prophet of God."

That sentence sounded the death knell of Dr. Bennett.

Joseph had clung to him in the hope of reforming him, but that could no longer be expected; and when the prophet let go his hold upon him, there was nothing could avert his downfall.

On the ninteenth of May Bennett resigned his position as mayor and Joseph was elected to that office.

On this occasion, and before the whole city council, Joseph asked Doctor Bennett if he had anything against him, to which the doctor replied:

"I know what I am about, and the heads of the Church know what they are about

I expect;

I have no difficulty with the heads of the Church.

I publicly avow that if any one has said that I have stated that General Joseph Smith has given me authority to hold illicit intercourse with women he is a liar in the face of God. Those who have said it are damned liars;

they are infernal liars.

He never either in public or private gave me any such authority or license, and any person who states it is a scoundrel and a liar.

I intend to continue with you, and hope the time may come when I may be restored to full confidence and fellowship, and my former standing in the Church, and that my conduct may be such as to warrant my restoration, and should the time ever come that I may have the opportunity to test my faith, it will then be known whether I am a traitor or a true man."

Joseph.—"Will you please state definitely whether you know anything against my character, either in public or in private?"

Doctor Bennett.—"I do not.

In all my intercourse with General Smith in public and in private he has been strictly virtuous."

In addition to this statement before the city council, Doctor Bennett made affidavit before Squire Wells to the same effect as the above.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

On the twenty-sixth of May, the case came up in the Masonic Lodge, of which the doctor was a member, as were also nearly all the principal men of

Nauvoo.

In the presence of one hundred of the fraternity, he confessed his licentious practices, and acknowledged that he was worthy of the severest chastisement, yet he pleaded for mercy, and especially that he might not be published in the papers.

So deep, apparently, was his sorrow, that Joseph pleaded for mercy in his behalf, and he was forgiven as a Mason;

but previous to this, the First Presidency of the Church, the Twelve and the Bishops had sent a formal notice to him that they could not fellowship him as a member of the Church, but they withheld the matter from publication, at his earnest solicitation, because of his mother.

John C. Bennett, however, had fallen too far to recover from the effects of his deep transgression.

He suddenly left Nauvoo, and soon after was found plotting with the enemies of the

Saints for the destruction of the Church.

By this time the Masonic Lodge discovered that he was an expelled Mason, and had palmed himself off on the Nauvoo Lodge as a Mason in regular standing, consequently he was disfellowshiped from the Nauvoo Lodge, and was also cashiered by the court martial of the Nauvoo Legion; and thus plucked of all his glory he was left to wander as a vagabond and an outcast among men.

After he so suddenly left Nauvoo, he again said that the Prophet Joseph had authorized and encouraged wickedness;

and when confronted with his own affidavit, which declared Joseph to be a virtuous man, and a teacher of righteousness, and upright both in his public and private character, he claimed that he was under duress when he made that affidavit.

But Squire Wells, before whom he had qualified to make his sworn statement, went before a justice of the peace, and made affidavit that during the time that this development of his wickedness was going on, and he making statements favorable to Joseph and the Church that:

"During all this time, if he (Doctor Bennett) was under duress or fear, he must have had a good faculty of concealing it;

for he was at liberty to go and come when and where he pleased, so far as I am capable of judging."Squire Wells further testifies in the same statement:

"I was always personally friendly with him, after I became acquainted with him.

I ne.vpr heard him say anything derogatory *ho character of Joseph Smith, until after he had been exposed by said Smith on the public stand in Nauvoo."So soon as it was learned that the doctor had left Nauvoo, and was operating for the destruction of the Church, the whole case was published in the Nauvoo papers, and his corruption made known to the world.

Those whom he had involved in his vile snares, both men and women, were brought before the proper tribunals of the Church; some of them were disfellowshiped, and others who sincerely repented were forgiven.

The only description we have seen of

Doctor Bennett is given in the Essex County IVashingtonian, published in Salem, Massachusetts, and that is contained in the issue of the fifteenth of September, 1842.

According to that description he was a man of five feet nine inches high, well formed, black hair sprinkled with grey, dark complexion, a rather thin face, and black, restless eyes.

The fall of Doctor Bennett added another evidence to the fact that neither natural nor acquired "attainments, however brilliant they may be, can secure one a standing in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, when not accompanied with righteousness of life.

Moreover, experience has proven that to brilliancy of intellect highly cultivated, may be added inspired dreams, visions, the revelations of God, and the visitation of angels—and even then, if the daily life and conversation runs not hand in hand with righteousness, these things we speak of will furnish at best but an insecure foundation on which to stand.

B. H. Roberts.

We should live as though our life would be both long and short.

WHY I AM A MORMON.

WHY I AM A MORMON.

The term Mormons as applied to a religious body is a misnomer.

Mormonism is a nickname for a system that embodies the principles and spirit of original Christianity.

Mormon was a former inhabitant of North America, a prophet to his tribe and the compiler of records left by his predecessors, which he abridged and bequeathed to his son

Moroni, who deposited them in the place where, fourteen centuries after, they were found under divine guidance by Joseph Smith, the Seer of the latter times.

The Latter-day Saints, who accept the Book of Mormon as a translation of the abridged writings of inspired men, believe equally in the prophecies of Isaiah and Jeremiah, of Ezekiel and Daniel, and in the Scriptures of Matthew and Luke, of Peter and John, of James and Paul and other

Biblical authors.

To call them Mormons, therefore, is as nonsensical as it would be to call them Jeremiahs or Daniels, Peters or Pauls.

And their religion is no more Mormonism than Isaiahism or Ezekielism, Johnism or Jamesism. But as the Saints of early days were derided as "Christians,"so the Latter-day Saints are mocked as "Mormons;"and as the Gospel was then commonly called "Christianity,"so it is now vulgarly dubbed "Mormonism."The terms are adopted for convenience sake because they are in popular use.

I am a Mormon because I find in Mormonism the only perfect system of religion on earth, in accord with the revelations of God to man, recorded in the Old and New Testaments, in the inspired utterances of the world's great sages, and in the speechless manifestations of universal nature.

Truth is harmonious and centrifugal.

It is consistent with itself through all ages and in all lands and worlds.

A creed which to-day and in America clashes with the divinely'revealed religion of ancient times in Asia, cannot proceed from the source of eternal truth.

In the midst of hundreds of differing: sects in discordant Christendom, Mormonism stands alone as a perfect reproduction of the Church, established by Jesus Christ and

His apostles nearly two thousand years ago.

It has the same form and the same spirit; the same doctrines and the same ordinances;

the same officers and the same gifts; the same promises and the same powers.

Internally and externally it has every characteristic of primitive Christianity, and it meets with the same misrepresentation and the same persecution.

If the Bible is true, Mormonism is true.

I believe the Bible and therefore

I am a Mormon.

It is the only religious system that professes to have been established by direct divine authority. All the dissenting church organizations in Christendom may be traced to mere human origin.

They are the works of men.

It matters not whether their founders were good or bad.

God had no direct hand in their establishment, for the men who made them did not believe in present revelation.

To their minds Deity was dumb to this world.

God had ceased to speak to mortals.

Jesus no longer communicated His will.

Angels made no more visits to this lower sphere.

A radical change had taken place in the dealings with men of Him who is unchangeable.

Therefore the churches which they built up were human, not divine.

The Established churches, Episcopal and Greek, are but offshoots from the tree of Romanism.

If the Romish Church is false and apostate, as they claim, their assumed authority is void;

for what they have, came from that source, and that failing, they fail with it.

Also if the Romish Church retained the authority of the Apostles, it held the power to loose as well as bind, and as it cuts them off, their channel of succession runs no farther back than the time of their disconnection.

In either case, then, they have no apostolic or Episcopal authority.

The Roman Catholic Church is dissimilar in body and spirit, in form and feature, in doctrine and dis-

WHY I AM A MORMON.

cipline, in principle and power from the

Christian Apostolic Church.

It has no Apostles or Prophets.

It does not even claim to have present revelation—the 'great distinguishing feature of a divinelyorganized church.

Even if its assumption of an unbroken succession from St.

Peter were true as to form, it is utterly lacking in the spirit and power that made

Peter what he was, and the Pope is not an Apostle but professes to be a Bishop.

Leaving out of consideration the mummeries and mysticism, the heresies and absurdities, the cruelties and horrors of mediaeval Catholicism, the Romish Church bears no comparison with the organization established by Christ as set forth in apostolic writings.

And so whole "Christendom,"from the Romish mother to her latest progeny, is manmade, without divine authority, and about as powerless as to eternal salvation as the systems of religion in the socalled heathen world, all of which contain some truths, some admirable precepts and many excellent men and women.

Mormonism claims to be established by direct divine communication, to hold authority through the personal ministration of the presiding Apostles of the primitive Christian Chmxh—to-wit, Peter,

James and John, and to be continued under divine direction through living Apostles and Prophets and other officers holding similar powers to those who officiated of old.

It preaches the same gospel of redemption through faith in Christ and obedience to his commands.

It administers the same baptism—immersion for the remission of sins after belief and repentance, and confers the same Holy Ghost as a witness of divine acceptance.

It enjoys the same gifts of the spirit, inward and outward—wisdom, knowledge, discernment, unity and communion with Deity; healings, tongues, interpretations, visions, dreams, prophecies and manifestations angelic and divine.

Its members in every land and of every tongue are brought to the unity of the faith.

It is one body wherever may be its branches, and is a living, growing, progressive and perfect organism, indivisible and indestructible.

It promises to all who believe and obey its teachings a personal testimony of its truth by the power of the Holy Ghost through the laying on of hands.

I have believed, obeyed, and received that testimony, and therefore I am a Mormon.

Mormonism supplies a consistent and positive theology, free from the doubts and cavils and speculations of sectaries, because it comes directly from a divine source.

While it gives ample scope for individual thought and spiritual development, shuts 'off no avenue of information, forbids no investigation in any quarter, it maintains a standard'of truth which becomes a measure and a touchstone, and a test for everything that may be brought to it.

Truth, radiating from all minds and all directions, mingled with any creed or system, Christian or Pagan, focuses in Mormonism and affiliates with its principles.

It settles the disputes of ages.

It puts an end to controversies that have racked the world and confounded the wisdom of the learned.

It speaks with no uncertain sound.

It utters the voice of authority.

It soars into the highest heavens, it penetrates to the lowest hell, it reaches back to the infinite past, it peers into the eternal future, and it is definite in its revealments and doctrines.

Dubiety remains not under its influence.

Uncertainty is marked upon all the creeds of men, Mormonism is certain and conclusive.

The problem, of human existence is solved by Mormonism.

Man's origin and destiny and the object of his being are thus made clear and an impetus is afforded to exertion and improvement.

God is literally the Father of the spirits of men, Jesus was the firstborn, and truly we and all mankind are his brethren.

He is the world's redeemer.

He was the only begotten in the flesh, the "express image"of the Father, the personal representative of Deity, who is the embodiment of the eternal principles of right and of the uncreated spirit of intelligence, the revealer of light and truth which are without beginning and without end.

Man is capable of advancement into higher spheres until the divinity

WHY I AM A MORMON.

within him by birth is developed into the fullness of the Godhead, and he becomes one with the Father and the Son.

He existed before the world, he will exist after.

His future depends upon his present course.

Reward and retribution will come to him according to his deserts.

As there are grades of human intelligence and goodness, also of capacity and intent to do evil, so there will be degrees of glory or of debasement for resurrected immortal man, determined by eternal judgment in which justice and mercy will each claim its own.

The mystery of evil, sorrow and pain disappear in the light of Mormonism, and their necessity, as opposites to the sources of happiness, appears as an essential part of the divine economy.

Contrasts are educators.

Without the evil, good cannot be appreciated.

If there were no sorrow, there could be no full sensation of joy.

And if death were not, life could not be comprehended in its completeness.

It is the work of Deity to bring forth order out of chaos, light out of darkness, good out of evil, life out of death.

Organization, advancement, exaltation are in the eternal march of the Gods.

Satan is the destroyer, wielding the power of death, the active agent of darkness, wickedness and woe.

The progress of the worlds and their inhabitants is a struggle of opposites, the triumph of good being the ultimate effect of the divine plan of redemption.

The creation, the fall, the atonement, the Gospel of salvation are all parts of a definite design, in which the free agency of man is not infringed and the operations of sin are not prevented, but all are made to fit into the divine purpose, and test the capabilities and worthiness of the sons and daughters of God for future conditions in the many mansions of eternity.

The destiny of the heathen; the true eschatology; the condition of those who die in infancy; the work of the living in behalf of the dead; the causes of race distinctions; the eternal relationship of the sexes; the family order in worlds to come; the affinities of nature;

the eternity of matter; the philosophy of the resurrection; predestination, foreordination and election;

the character of angels, spirits and demons; eternal punishment; the relation of faith and works;

the efficacy of ordinances; the order of prayer; spiritual forces; communion with the departed; the true Trinity, and many other subjects of endless sectarian controversy are all explained, rationally and convincingly, by the teachings and spirit of Mormonism.

The system is both spiritual and temporal.

It is therefore adapted to man in his earthly condition, for he is of a dual nature, the heavenly and the- earthly being joined in his being.

It directs him as the offspring of God and as a child of man.

It places him en rapport with the higher powers and regulates him in all the conditions of life both public and private.

It is eminently practical.

It prepares him for the world to come by teaching him how to live rightly in this world.

It is an every day religion.

It honors the Sabbath but does not per:

mit the dishonor of any day or any hour.

It teaches him how to live and thus makes him ready to die.

It shows him what to eat, drink and avoid.

It cultivates all his powers and attributes, which are every one right when put to their legitimate use, and shows him that intelligence is essential to salvation and is the very glory of God.

It influences him as a social being and a constituent of the body politic, and requires of him duty as a son, a father, a brother, a neighbor, a citizen and a Church member.

It fully recognizes the value and necessity of woman as an eternal entity and a part of perfected man. She is an independent member of the Church with a vote equal to a man's on all public questions.

It teaches that neither sex is complete alone.

Marriage is both a privilege and a duty.

A woman cannot enter into the fulness of celestial glory in a single state, neither can a man.

Perfection reigns in the presence of the Father, and "the man is not without the woman, neither is the woman without the man, in the

Lord."She is man's helpmeet, not his ruler nor yet his slave.

She is "the

WHY I AM A MORMON.

glory of the man,''because without her he can have no increase in this or any other sphere.

Marriage is an eternal union.

Sealed by divine authority on earth it is sealed in heaven and reaches beyond the grave.

Under guarded conditions good men may have more wives than one when given to them of the Lord, with the free consent of the parties.

This involves no degradation of women, nor does it affect the question of her equality with man;

a child is not degraded because it is one of a number any more than if it were the sole offspring of its parents.

In a Church where there are many women and where it is the. law of membership that they shall not be "unequally yoked with unbelievers,"this system opens the door of wedlock to all its marriageable women and "leaves no margin for lust to prey upon."No woman is forced to marry, no coercion may be used to compel her to live with an uncongenial partner, though a true and complete Mormon marriage is a union for time and all eternity, each wife being sealed with a similar ceremony.

Carnal intimacy outside of the marriage relation is a deadly sin.

Purity is required of the man equally with the woman.

Woman learns that she is to share the glory of her spouse in worlds to come and must fit herself for exaltation here below. She is encouraged to words of righteousness, charity and faith, to intellectual and moral culture, to home adornment and family virtue, and to excellence in all the gifts and graces of the Gospel, to which she is eligible as well as the man.

Revelation, inspiration and spiritual power are within her individual reach as a Mormon, and through the holy anointing she has claims upon the heavenly powers according to her faithfulness as a handmaid of the Lord or a mother in Israel.

Mormonism seeks the elevation, protection and development of woman, and therefore, as an admirer of the fair sex and a despiser of those who seek pleasure at the risk of their destruction, I am proud to be called a Mormon.

The Book of Mormon, which gives an epitome of the ancient history of America and unfolds the origin of its savage tribes, as well as the dealings of God with its ancient peoples and their acquaintance with the Law and the Gospel, is authenticated by the most conclusive evidence.

No book offered to the world as a divine record is so fully and directly supported by unimpeachable testimony of living persons and spiritual manifestations.

It is in perfect accord with the Bible and forms one of the best proofs of the truth of that inspired Jewish record.

All attempts to account for it on any other hypothesis than its purported origin have signally failed.

The Spaulding theory has been demonstrated a falsehood by the discovery and publication of the Spaulding manuscript. The object of writing such a book if it were imposture cannot be discovered, but when viewed as a divine record its purpose is plain and its value is beyond price.

On historical and theological grounds its production is one of the greatest events of this eventful age.

If the Book of Mormon is true, Mormonism is true.

I believe in the Book of Mormon and therefore I am a Mormon.

Joseph Smith, the earthly founder of Mormonism, is the most remarkable figure in the Pantheon of the century.

Not that he was more than a man, but the tokens of his inspiration, the truths which he brought forth and the work which he accomplished were above the capacities of any mortal unaided by a higher power.

His prophetic gifts are proven by the events of history.

His seership was unexcelled in any age.

Uneducated, he confounded the learning of the world, and] the system he brought forth is to unbelievers the unsolved problem of the times.

His doctrines, denounced as new and erroneous, turn out to be ancient and irrefutable, and the spirit and force that accompany their promulgation and acceptance are invincible and irrepressible, and are identical with the influences which attended the ministry of the early Apostles.

Wherever they are obeyed, no matter in what land or clime, nation or tongue, the converts bear testimony that they, have re-

25 8 WHY I AM A MORMON.

ceived the Holy Ghost and a knowledge of their truth.

They forsake all things for Mormonism.

Its missionaries traverse sea and land without "purse and scrip"and without earthly reward to promulgate its principles, and its proselytes face reproach and danger and sever the ties of country and of kindred to •rally round its gathering place.

Joseph Smith was a living witness for God and his Christ, and sealed his testimony with his life's blood.

The spirit of truth attests his divine calling, I know that he was a prophet and therefore I am a Mormon.

Mormonism is opposed by the wicked, and its advocates are hated of all men while their lives are spent in seeking to benefit mankind.

If they were of the world the world would love them; they are despised and persecuted, and some of them have been put to death as were their brethren of old.

They are perpetually maligned.

Every sermon, lecture and rumor spoken against them and their creed, and every article, book and pamphlet published to their disfavor, contains either wilful or unintentional misrepresentation.

If the truth could be made to bear against Mormonism it would certainly be brought into the field.

The most corrupt men are its bitterest enemies.

It is fought with falsehood and that is an indication of its truth.

It successfully withstands all onslaughts, physical, polemical and legal, and notwithstanding its popular evil reputation and the»hostility of all classes in all nations, I am with it for life or death, and count myself among the blessed to be recognized as a Mormon.

Mormonism inculcates and leads to habits of industry, economy, temperance, chastity, self-restraint and selfdenial.

It promotes brotherhood, union, benevolence and charity.

It discourages pauperism, but provides for the aged and the needy.

It makes people selfreliant and self-supporting and tempers independence with humility.

Its discipline tends to order and needful subordination, but never encroaches upon individual liberty.

It sustains constitutional law and encourages patriotic citizenship.

Its spirit touches the finest chords of the soul and tunes them in harmony with the music of the spheres.

It thrills the whole nature with divine emotion and the most exquisite delight.

It makes life desirable and eternal happiness attainable.

It brings the unseen world to cognizance as a veritable reality.

It is the divine afflatus.

It reaches over the boundaries of time, and lifts its possessor into the midst of the everlasting.

Old things pass away, all things become new.

The eyesight of the spirit is cleared by virtue of its anointing.

It is the lamp of life, the fountain of being, the essence of the universe.

It is the testimony of Jesus, the genius of prophecy.

It is the light of truth, the uncreate [intelligence, the Spirit of the Omnipotent God, of whom are all things, and for whom are all things, forever.

If is the key to the boundless treasures of knowledge and wisdom, and he who becomes its possessor and expression in a fulness, is made one with the Father and the Son in the glory of perfection.

Limited space forbids an extended statement of the reasons why Mormonism recommends itself to the sincere and earnest searcher after saving truth.

I have given but a few of them.

I was not born a Mormon, but I became one in my youth at the sacrifice of home and kindred, of position and the regard of friends.

I have never regretted, but always rejoiced in my decision to embrace its principles.

It has stood the test of more than thirty-seven years of familiar acquaintance in many lands, and comparison and contrast with the various systems, of the so-called "Christian"and "heathen"worlds.

It satisfies the yearnings of my soul after the infinite, answers the vital questions that spring up in every thinking mind, responds to the pulse-beats of the inner life, and stamps upon the being of each faithful adherent an indelible and allcovering impression of its truth, that sinks into the spirit and becomes a part of one's existence.

Its prevalence and triumph have been the chief object of my exertions from the day that I was

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

"born of the water and of the spirit,"and while I breathe in mortality, when I enter into the life beyond, and when raised from the dead to receive, my place and portion in the mansions of the

Father, I hope to remain, and rejoice in the faith which is blended with my life, and be able to give some intelligible reasons why I am a Mormon.

Charles W. Penrose.

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

To give a summary description of life, and of the people of Constantinople is a perplexing task.

To write order out of confusion, or arrangement out of chaos would be a misrepresentation that regard for the real makes quite impossible.

However, if I write at random the reader will draw some inspiration of how things go at the capital.

His sense of things systematic must be greatly shocked.

The first misfortune, that generally befalls the stranger on his arrival, is the necessity of making the acquaintance of a Constantinople guide.

He loves sensational people and always has a number of wonderful stories to tell his victim.

He speaks all languages in the world in bad French, from whose highly colored figurative expressions he has learned to borrow without reserve.

These guides are frequently Greeks who bristle all over with hate for everything Turkish.

If they are Jews they can manufacture any kind of a story that will suit their customer.

Most people come to Turkey with the impression that it is the land of terror, and it may be that the guides out of respect to people's prejudices prefer not to disappoint them.

There is probably no city in the world where life is less endangered than in Constantinople, and yet such has been the influence of these sensational stories, often told in newspapers, that life insurance companies revoke the claims of all who remain any length of time in Turkey.

The most that people read are the sensational blood thrilling tales of life in the city of the Sultan.

There has just appeared a book on the

Orient by Rev. Joseph Cook, of Boston.

It is a compilation of what are styled "Monday Lectures,"made chiefly attractive by the sensational stories of Oriental guides, or dragomen as they prefer to call themselves, and a few strange political speculations.

One is constantly provoked to a smile by the remark of "what was told me on good authority."The Turks have made great progress in the last century, and to go back a century or two in search of something extraordinary would be to treat the people very much in the manner one might adopt to describe the American people, by going back to the days of Salem witchcraft to explain the conditions of society and religious liberty in the United States.

People will read highly colored newspaper articles about the Turks, but have no disposition 'to trouble themselves to read a dry volume setting forth matters as they really exist.

Lord Stratford aptly remarks upon the same subject:

"In this nether world of ours it often happens that what is most talked of is least known.

We like to have the source of wonder well stirred within us. Life, in a physical point of view, is excitement.

Wonder by exciting our curiosity quickens the sense of existence, and nothing more leads to wonder than the mysterious and unknown.

Was ever country, for instance, more talked of and written about than Turkey?

Yet in some respects, and those not the least important, Japan and New Zealand are better known to us than the Sultan's empire."In describing the life of the Turkish capital it is not done with the view that a conclusion of the moral, intellectual and physical conditions can be correctly drawn.

Our notions of consistency and morality so often vary, that what the people of one country regard as proper

26o THE EASTERN QUESTION.

enough, those of another consider shocking.

The people of the world are chiefly governed by the prejudices of the civilization to which they belong. Among Christians the Bible is usually referred to as the standard by which we are to judge of our moral situation; but what would the people think if law makers were to adopt the principles for keeping the people pure and undefiled, that were adopted by the law givers in ancient Israel?

The fact is, they prefer to have religion and state separated.

From a Bible point of view it is safe to conclude that barbarous and semi-civilized nations are generally more moral than highly civilized ones.

The passions which accompany intellectual development are those which at the same time make man, when they become predominant, a degraded being.

Highly civilized countries therefore often represent the extremes and less civilized the means of social life.

The Turk himself is usually the chief object of inquiry, and the Turkish woman the greatest curiosity to visitors.

But Constantinople is not Turkish, it is a mixture of nearly all races, more especially Greeks, Armenians, Italians, Jews, Arabs, Bulgarians, Persians and Gypsies, with a good sprinkling of Germans,

English, French, Russians and other Europeans.

The Turks themselves are not plethoric, they have a strong mixture of Circassian blood as well as that of other Mohammedan races.

Indeed there is nothing genuine or representative about any of the races of the Ottoman capital.

They form a conglomeration not by intermixture, but by intermingling.

To find the full blooded Turks one must go into the interior, and to get a representative European, one must go to the land from which the Europeans have come.

Children born of European parents, but in the Orient are called Levants; and they form sort of a race to themselves. They are neither one thing nor the other, and frequently enjoy an unenviable reputation.

The Europeans are generally of a migratory character and irregular habits.

They easily adapt themselves to circumstances and financial considerations supersede all others.

European governments encourage their subjects in Turkey where they are planting strong interests.

These interests became international and a barrier against an individual national- aggression.

Constantinople is cosmopolitan, is more an international than a national city.

The great European nations have established courts of justice, post-offices and other state departments.

The autonomy of the Turkish government is largely surrendered to international policy.

The responsibility of government is so divided as to make business insecure, and the administration of justice extremely questionable.

With such a multiplication of competitions for favor, religious contentions, national jealousies, political intrigues, and race distinctions, the worst imaginable social contortions, and methods of trade exist.

The fixed principles of business established in other countries are unknown here, no merchant would be so stupid as to think of asking a customer a price consistent with the value of the article on sale; but first take a survey of him and then calculate how much such a looking man can pay.

The understanding is mutual between customer and seller, and the former usually measures his intelligence by the kind of a bargain he can make.

The Greek is said to be the Jew of the Orient.

There is a saying here that a Jew will cheat three Christians, a Greek three Jews, and an Armenian three Greeks; but the Levant will cheat the universe.

They all drive fierce competition, and have their own peculiar style in trade.

The Oriental Jew fairly intoxicates the customer with his talk.

The Greek surpasses all in cunning.

He will cheat you and laugh at you about it;

but do it in such a pleasing way that you almost thank him for it.

The Armenian will draw his head between his shoulders and strike such a pathetic attitude, and so subordinate himself that you will feel moved to buy out of pity, and want to give the poor man alms though he may be opulent and have asked four times a

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

consistent price. The Levant has learned the tricks of all, and gives positive proof that his forefathers for generations back were born void of conscience.

Lying is not an incidental in Oriental business, but an actual necessity.

It is argued if a man tell the truth he is sure to deceive and that is worse than to tell what the people are used to—a lie.

I well remember one of.my earliest experiences in bargain making in Constantinople.

I had learned that only "greenhorns"paid first price and made up my mind, with the little Turkish I had, I could make as good a bargain as anybody.

The streets of the city represent a traveling market, so I called to a hamal carrying fruit in an enormous basket on his back to stop while I went down stairs to make a purchase.

He asked for half an oka, about a pound, one piaster, nearly five cents.

I could count better in theory than practice and mistook the Turkish word one fcr two.

Of course I would not pay first price so offered him- a piaster and a half.

He rather shook his head, he wanted ten paras more;

but I insisted on only paying a piaster and a half for what he had offered for one.

However, after drawing such pitiful expressions, and assuming such an air of humble submission, that I felt perfectly ashamed of myself for driving such a tight bargain with the poor fellow, he consented to let it go for a piaster and a half.

A few curious women were peaking out of the windows and I heard a mischievous laugh as I turned around to go into the house and soon learned my blunder.

Everywhere one is confronted with. the tricks of trade, and every imaginable device is employed to secure profit.

Notable are the money changers in Constantinople who provide themselves with little glass topped cases and locate themselves in small openings in the sides of the houses which face the streets. Should you want to make a purchase of twentyfive cents and have nothing smaller than a medgedil about eighty-five cents, you are obliged first to patronize one of the money changers, and pay five per cent, for small change, as sellers refuse to give out small change, or when they are so accommodating they exact the five per cent, themselves.

At certain intervals or in the evening these money changers go round and put up all the small change they can find, or have it brought to them.

Nearly all European monies are in circulation, and the uncertainty of their relative worth makes the changing, business, though extremely lucrative, exceedingly annoying.

One is constantly reminded of the Savior's experiences with the moneychangers, andean hardly suppress the wish that a similar treatment might be applied in our own day.

The restrictions of the Koran in the matter of usury and other modern business appliances are tenaciously complied with by the Turks.

Thus their financial disabilities are taken advantage of, especially by the Armenians and Greeks so that the rulers of the land are often in such subjection to the money classes as to make intrigue common and the opportunities of official corruption extremely favorable.

The Koran says in the second sura: "They who devour usury shall not arise from the dead, but as he ariseth whom Satan has infected with a touch, this shall happen to them because they say, truly selling is but as usury, and yet God hath permitted selling and forbidden usury."The Turks have not been educated to business, and the unscrupulous eastern

Christians have taken it in their own hands.

When the government has entered into business transcations with foreign capitalists it has been by the process of official bribery and systematic trickery treated in the most shameful manner.

The Turks have grown suspicious of Europeans method of enterprise, and experience has taught them their inequality and their inability to protect themselves against intrigue.

Energy is wanting among the Turks as among the Orientals generally.

They have no spirit of enterprise, and almost wholly neglect one of the richest countries in the world.

To justify their position they will quote the saying of Christ:

"Take therefore no thought of the morrow:

for the morrow shall take thought

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

for the things of itself."No city probably in all the world is so infected with intrigue, bribery and swindling schemes as Constantinople.

Dishonesty and lying among all classes of business people is astounding to one accustomed only to European methods of dealing.

Any care to establish a business reputation is out of the question as the business of the country is not in general based upon reputation, but upon a momentary policy.

Years ago great numbers of Englishmen and subsequently Germans established hitherto unknown branches of business and industry in the city, but the Greeks soon worked into the secrets and are now crowding the Europeans out.

So notorious have Greek tricks and methods generally, of doing business, become at the capital, that d la Grecque has become synonymous with roguery, and the expression is in daily use.

I have often had occasion to believe they were pleased with the reputation.

If they are smart, they seem to think, what else has anybody a right to expect of them?

We may laugh at their wit and tricks as the writer has often done; but there is nothing after all for a substantial or lasting admiration and respect in smartness, unaccompanied by integrity of character.

How thoroughly Europeans and Turks, and all other Orientals for that matter, hate the Greeks is well known to all acquainted with life in the Orient.

No doubt much of it is based upon business rivalries.

The Greek corruptions that had broken down the

Byzantine Empire, when the Turks entered Constantinople did not cease their direful work, but were powerfully infused into the subsequent government.

The Turk, as he is now, is a meditative character and has a disposition to let others alone, and prefers that others spare him all the trouble they can.

He is decidedly the child of procrastination.

In business so far as honesty goes he is superior to all others, in fact his honesty seems to be the chief obstacle in trade, though he greatly lacks energy and decision.

I often hear complaints, however, from Europeans that the Turk is of late years by no means so honest as he used to be.

It may be he is waking up to the situation.

He is what the Frenchman here calls a don gar$on; but in this competitive world of ours the qualification of a "good fellow"is not always satisfactory.. When the Turk is provoked to rage he is an extremest of the worst sort, as he was in his palmier days when provoked to action.

His conduct towards the Oriental Christians must often be taken in contrast to the various annoyances, vexations, and troubles he is constantly subjected to.

These Christians remind one of an incurably bad boy, that is in the habit of provoking his parents to extreme measures, and yet one always entertains more or less sympathy for a subject race.

Their various annoyances may often outweigh a single act of violence on the part of the Turks, while the latter are often viciously and inconsiderately condemned by the 'various Christian nations.

The masses of the Turkish empire are so heterogeneous that no unity exists to withstand the outside intrigue, nor does external pressure tend in the least to consolidate the different races.

Even among the Christians there is no uniformity of action nor sympathy sufficient to unite in a common effort to free themselves of Turkish rule.

On the contrary they employ government favor to oppress one another.

This discord, and the Turks know well how to make use of it, has strengthened the Mohammedan rule over them.

What would England do with nineteen Irelands?

Break up the existing government we might say.

But that would depend upon the relative position'the nineteen

Irelands took to one another.

If they were so divided so as to mutually neutralize one anothers force of resistance they would simply play the role of Orientals.

The remark usually accredited to

Machiavelli; who is generally considered a strong minded, though unprincipled writer, that a conqueror has no middle course between the two extremes of mixing his own people with the vanquished race or exterminating the latter, is very suggestive in the case of Turkey,

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

where religious differences are so sharply defined as to make any social or governmental unity an impossibility.

Any nation may well envy the Turks, the location and advantage of their capital, but is is difficult to see how even Russia can envy them its people.

J. M. Tanner.

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

in.

THE MATERIAL OF CREATION.—I.

The form of the earth, being that of an oblate spheroid, demonstrates that the elements of which it was originally composed existed in a gaseous or fluid state.

This oblateness also proves that the axial revolutions had been inaugurated before the process of solidification had progressed to a very material extent.

These are scientific and incontrovertible propositions, and Christians must square their ideas with them, let the consequences be what they may.

It cannot, however, be detrimental to the cause of

Biblical inspiration to admit them, since proof is abundant that the old Saint, scientist and lawgiver, Moses, affirmed the same scientific principles one thousand five hundred years before the begining of the Christian era.

In that remote past he taught that liquid or gaseous elements, only, constituted the material of earthly formations in their primary organization.

He did more than this, for, in popular language he spoke of centers of gravity, and revealed the very process which our best science to-day attests is adequate to inaugurate the diurnal revolution of the earth on its axis.

These, and other correlative facts of a scientific nature, which will be considered before closing this chapter, are recorded in the books of revelation, and though all these principles may not properly claim attention in the portion of this article which professedly treats on the "material of creation,"yet all are so interdependent that system will be sacrificed in favor of convenience.

Christians in general have believed, and they stoutly maintain a Biblical foundation for the opinion, that the earth was originally, and on the first day of creation, largely formed in solid masses of earth similar to those now found in its crust.

But scriptural proof that this idea is erroneous, is ample and convincing.

That the minds of some of our readers may be prepared for the plain teachings of the Bible respecting the materials of creation, attention shall first be directed to a philosophical notion which anciently prevailed concerning the elements of which the earth was formed.

Many of the ancient sages taught that the world was created out of water, or a primitive moisture, which they called vhj—the very first matter, or that which supplied a nutriment for all things.

Thales expressly taught that all things derive their first existence from water.

He is thus quoted:

uapxvv he tuv yavruv vuup Emu."It is popular to characterize unappreciated opinions of the old sages as heathenish, yet able champions, when so disposed, demonstrate that many of these same ideas have been purloined from the Bible.

Thus may be instanced the heathenish notion of the fall; of the flood; of the ark; of a deliverer;

etc.

Now concerning the explicit statements of the inspired penman, Moses, it is surprising that no one of eminence in literature, of modern times, has accused Thales and others of imbibing freely of the cold water philosophy of the author of Genesis.

Several passages of the Bible affirm the doctrine which Thales maintains; and St.

Peter asserts it with a dogmatism which leaves nothing to be conjectured by Christians."

Before quoting the apostle's language attention shall be directed to the extended account of creation which is recorded in the first chapter of Genesis.

The second verse reads thus: And the

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

earth was without form and void; and darkness.was upon the face of the deep;

and the the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters."The only word of this passage which conveys to our minds the idea of substance not in a liquid state, is "earth."Opposed to this both the terms "deep"and "waters"represent the materials out of which the worlds were formed as consisting of a mass of fluid elements.

Nor can the word "earth"be interpreted properly in a sense which implies a solidification of these elements, for manifestly the thing to be formed is put for what was to form it;

and lest any one might attach a meaning to "earth"which does not belong to it, Moses himself expressly states in one sentence that the "earth"of which he wrote was a "deep,"and immediately thereafter he calls it the "waters."According to the Bible the "earth,"(a convenient term to avoid circumlocution,) was a world of waters a mighty "deep,"and we are directly informed, verse nine, that not until the third day of creation did anything dry appear, that is, be created.

It is important to observe a peculiar and significant meaning which the original conveys.

Instead of the translation, "and let the dry land appear,"the following is preferable, "and let that which is opposed to the wet appear."Thus by defining what the word"earth,"as used in the second verse of Genesis, must signify, by the express mention of dry land on the third day, and by the implication contained in a sharply defined contrast, Moses teaches that the mass of elements of which the earth was originally formed was not solid, nor rocky, nor dry, but that it was composed of substance which was appropriately called the "waters,"and he shows that it remained in that condition until the beginning of the third day of creation.

This latter fact will become more apparent as the investigation progresses.

Moses could not, with any regard for the proprieties of language, call an earth of dry land the "deep,"nor mountains of solid rock "waters."The picture that is portrayed to us in the second verse of Genesis is that an unorganized mass of elements, not rocky masses, or solid formations in contradistinction to seas, or particular bodies of water; but a boundless quantity of world elements, "without form and void,"all intercomingling in chaotic confusion, a seething, boiling, riotous, anarchial "deep;"a surging, charging, retreating sea of "waters."No one, we think, will question the assertion that the application of the term ''earth, "verse two, to an assumed creation must be made at a ver,y early stage of its existence, if at all, for the several acts of creation are narrated after Moses makes mention of the "earth,"which seems to imply its previous existence; but at that particular time it had no being whatever as a world.

This fact will be very apparent if we consider what Scripture must mean when it says "the earth was without form and void."We understand this language to teach that the earth was yet a chaos of elements, and a chaotic earth is no earth.

This interpretation of the sense which Moses intended to convey is warranted not only by the English translation, "without form and void,"but a literal rendering of the Greek.

(Sep.) may assist doubtful ones to grasp the situation just as it is;

we therefore write;

"but the earth was unseen and unbuilt."This is precisely the condition in which the world existed when Scripture first called it an "earth."

A world which could not be seen, and which was unbuilt; simply had no being;

and we can understand Moses in no other way than that he merely introduces his readers in the second verse of Genesis to a mass of material suitable for an earth, and ready to be constructed into one.

The Scripture itself makes it evident that the terms "deep"and "waters"do not mean seas, or particular bodies of water bounded by rocky shores, and hence, unless these existed, there could have been no created earth.

The Septuagint version conveys an idea far more explicit than we gather from the "deep"of the common translation.

According to the former darkness was over the ct^vaaov—the abyss, the primary

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

meaning of which is bottomless depth, or the depths of hell.

The formation of the "earth"had not progressed very far when Moses could feel himself justified in representing it as something that could not be measured, for assuming that his "earth"could be seen, yet from every point of the compass it presented an abysmal depth, hence it could have neither polar nor equatorial diameter, and of course was no earth.

Despite the express statement of the Scripture that the "earth"was "unseen and unbuilt,"obstinate minds may still maintain that the earth was created, on the first day, in unorganized masses of both land and water distinct from each other;

and that this creation took place before the production of light.

But we ask those who entertain this; how darkness could be over the "deep"or the "waters"only, at a period of time when universal darkness shrouded all things, both land and water in its somber mantle.

It is puerile to assume that Moses would expressly inform us that darkness was over a portion of the earth, when his own history reveals the fact that there was no light in existence, and when from necessity every portion of the world whether land or water was in the same darkness.

As darkness must have been over all the earth, and as Moses says that darkness was over the "deep,"it follows logically and incontrovertibly that that "deep"was the earth, which was a chaotic waste of waters only.

We now inquire, also, if the earth was then created as both land and water what particular necessity was there which caused the Spirit of God to brood over the "waters,"but not over the land?

These queries cannot be set aside as unimportant.

They affect directly the soundness of every theory of interpreting the first chapter of Genesis.

Nor is any system of interpretation worthy of a moment's credence until it has satisfactorily disposed of them. As Moses himself makes the"waters, "the"deep"and the "earth"interchangeable terms, he teaches that the Spirit of God brooded over all the elements of earthly formations which *7* was a "deep"of "waters."Particular attention is now directed to the fact that the first period or day of creation closed leaving the earth, as far as formation was concerned, in precisely the same condition in which Moses states it was at the beginning of that day.

He introduces his readers to a world "unseen and unbuilt"and is careful not to build it on the first day.

The first daylight dawned upon a dreary waste of waters;

the first night settled down over nothing but the "deep."In the following pages proof will be furnished to show that the

Gods were not prepared to build the world on the first day.

Having thus critically reviewed what Scripture affirms of the earth itself on the first day of creation we fail to find in the narrative of the transactions which were consummated on that day a solitary word, which, when consistently interpreted, even implies the formation of a single solid mass of substance of any description.

Before proceeding further with the investigation of scriptural teachings on the subject before us, it is purposed to inquire what would be a rational plan of creation, considering the declarations of

Moses that universal darkness prevailed, that chaos reigned supreme, that matter was unorganized, and that the whole mass was "without form and void,"and also, in view of the teachings of science, that the laws which now govern the universe were instituted in the beginning.

It would be the height of presumption for mortal man to attempt to outline a system of operations by which the order, beauty and harmony of the present universe, ought to have been created, and we, last of all, would be so audacious as to attempt it, were not the plan itself a matter of revelation in the inspired writings of God's servants.

But feeling that we are founding our propositions upon the eternal truth of Jehovah, the following systematic plan of operations is affirmed.

1.

In the midst of eternal darkness the creation of light becomes the first necessity.

2.

In order that the heavens and all created worlds might start without a jar

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

in their destined circle and motion, the same nice apportionment which now retains systems and worlds in perfect equilibrium had to be considered in the very beginning of creation.

It is not difficult to presume that if this work were not then perfected, a chaos of worlds would have superseded a chaos of elements.

It follows then that the first work of creation, after the production of light, was to weigh and measure to each system and world its definite allotment of material.

3.

As this material when thus apportioned off was still measurably chaotic, the institution of centers of gravity was necessarily the third process in the plan of creation.

Such was the system of operations by which the God's proceeded with their work, and that truth will now be made apparent.

Recalling the fact that. in the second verse of Genesis, Moses, in speaking of the "earth,"refers only to the chaotic mass of elements which were to form it, we find that after thus briefly exhibiting the condition of affairs when

God began His labor of creation, He immediately announced His first act, which was the production of light.

Notice the striking change which simultaneously with the narration of this event occurs in the language of the historian.

It now assumes a dignity and majesty compatible with the presence and work of the Almighty.

He now writes "and God said:""Let there be light, • and there was light."This language is the ideal of sublimity, and is the first of that character which occurs in the Bible.

Here is a grand distinguishment which adds towers of strength to our position.

Its importance can scarcely be overestimated.

In each and every one of the distinct and special acts of creation God is represented as operating in a manner so simple, but yet with such Omnipotence, that the mind is filled with astonishment and awe when contemplating the mere language which narrates his proceedings.

He is invariably introduced to our notice as saying: "Let there be"so and so, and it was done.

Now, if the earth was formed—created in any sense. before light was, why is it not recorded in Genesis; and God said let there be an earth, and it was so?

The Mosaic narrative is written in a cursory style right. up to the account of the creation of light, and it is asked, what is there so preeminently distinguishing connected with the production of light, or with the institution of an expanse, etc., that the historian's style should bound at once from the commonplace to the grandly sublime.

We digress here to ask those who believe that God created all things out of nothing, to give some satisfactory reason for the singular omission of Moses to write something after this manner: "And

God said:

'Let substance be created out of nothing, and it was so."We do not strain the tension of the toils with which

Scripture had bound such opponents when we assert that this very omission proves ther^ never was such a creation;

for had there been, Moses could not have forgotten the language which only was appropriate to announce an act so overwhelming in its exhibition of Almighty power, an act infinitely greater than any recorded in Scripture of which we have any knowledge.

Our friends cannot fail to perceive the disadvantage under which the absolute creationists must labor when they attempt to void the force of the foregoing argument.

But in turn we ask some, perhaps many of them friends, why the argument is not just as valid when it is leveled at their own preconceived notions.

Do we trespass the limits of iust criticism and of rational argument when it is claimed that no earth was created before light was produced?

Otherwise Moses would have written, "And God said, Let there be an earth; and it was so,"and further that light was the very first of God's productions,for it is when narrating this act, that the historian begins to write with a dignity and majesty which accords perfectly with the sublimity of an act of creation. Again unless we assume that God can see without light, and that he preferred (and the word may

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

be emphasized) to create the heavens and the earth in the midst of eternal darkness, it is very reasonable to conclude that he first of all. things created light.

It is likely that God exercised as much practical common sense in conducting His operations when He organized the universe as human beings do when they undertake some great labor.

Engineers do not set up their compasses nor drive their stakes by night when surveying a route for a proposed railroad, to cite a practical illustration, but they work in the light that their labors may be done accurately and successfully!

Now God projected the scientific work of creation in the midst of an awful night, and as the dawn of day was not then a regular occurrence as it is now, with the hardest kind of practical common sense

He immediately set about making a day for Himself, for evidently it is the very first day that ever had a being that Moses writes.

As God's work was about to begin He needed light to see how* to do it.

He thought but little of the plan of feeling out His labors as so many seem to think He did.

If the light of that first day was not made for the Gods, for whom, or for what was it made?

There were no eyes but theirs in existence; an earth, chaotic to the last degree, needed no light, there were no plants, vegetatation, nor animals to droop and die for lack of light, and the same question must recur, for whom, or for what was the first day made if not for the Gods.

Reason tells us for no one, and for nothing else.

They must have created light because they needed it, hence, it became a first necessity, and consequently was first created.

Our old sectarian notions that light and darkness are alike to God, that He can see as well in absolute darkness as He can in perfect light, will suggest that it might have been made for something else, even though nothing but God and chaos were in existence.

But if God needed no light to see how to conduct His operations, how are we to account for His strange fascination for it after it was created.

Scripture represents Him as ceasing from His labors at the approach of night, and. as resuming them again when the next day dawned.

If he labored in the darkness at the work of creation before light was produced, why did he not also continue His operations by night after there was light?

Along with this our readers will find in these pages several other pertinent questions which will puzzle the wisest theologians to answer upon the basis of the popular system of interpreting the narrative of creation as recorded by Moses; and in view of them it becomes manifest that some other method must be adopted, and we submit to the judgment of our readers that so far as we have progressed in this investigation the theory herein advocated supplies a very rational and consistent one.

That it is true is manifest, for no work of creation is even hinted at in the record of the first day's labor but that which we have noticed; and with this single exhibition of omnipotent power the first period of creation began and closed.

We observe that Moses let fall the veil of revelation over a sea of chaotic waters; and when it is lifted again the first scene that should be presented to our gaze is that of the same unorganized mass of elements.

This point must be well taken, for when the veil was down light only was formed, and then ensued a night of repose.

Now it must strike all minds with a peculiar emphasis that when Moses again resumes his narrative by special reference to the earth's creation,he launches at once into a continuation of the subject just where he closed it in the second verse.

Beginning his account of the second day's work he writes:

"And God said, Let there be a firmament (an expanse) in the midst of the waters; and let it divide the waters from the waters,"etc.

In order that the poorest understanding may be able to comprehend the point that is now raised what Moses writes respecting the formation of the earth only will

Lbe 'presented in the form of a continuous history, thus:

"And the earth was without form and void; and darkness was upon the"face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.

And God

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters."No violence is hereby done to the grammatical construction nor to the sense of the sacred record.

The language which speaks of the creation of light has been excluded from the text; but as this act was not one of a material earthly formation, no truth is perverted, but, on the contrary, what Moses teaches respecting the earth is placed'in a most conspicuous light, and the solution of some of the most vexed questions of theology becomes much simplified.

In this account of the second day's work all reference to land, or to anything solid is again ignored.

Why Moses could not write of earth or land will be apparent if we remember that he had disclosed to us nothing but a sea of "waters"on the first day, and nothing solid, was created on the second day.

Had he even remotely hinted that any land was in existence his record would have stultified itself.

As it is there is the charming consistency of truth in his history, and the seal of inspiration must be affixed to his writings.

Now we ask our learned opponents of sectarian proclivities to inform us by what rule of grammar, by what law or rule of interpretation of any nature whatever, recognized among rational beings, as legitimate, they make a distinction between the "waters"spoken of in the sixth verse and those referred to in the second.

Their particular attention is requested to this matter, and the Scripture is again quoted:

"And the earth was without form and void and the Spirit of God brooded over the face of the waters.

And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters."

When the Almighty instituted that firmament it is too probably manifest for argument, that it was to divide between the "waters"over which the Spirit of God was brooding.

Certainly this must be confessed, or language has no dependence nor connection.

Attention has already been called to the omission of all reference to "land"on the second day of creation, and a further peculiarity respecting the work of that day remains to be pointed out, viz: The whole of that time was occupied in creating the firmament, and, hence, as the dawn of 'the second day broke upon a chaotic sea of elements, so the close of that day must leave it in the same condition, for an "expanse"only, was created during the second period of creation.

If the present theory of interpreting the sacred record be true,

Moses must lift the veil on the morning of the third day, upon the "waters,"and should he do so the facts we have heretofore cited in connection with the one just mentioned will amount to a demonstration that the theory is true.

But further consideration of the second day's work must now be resumed.

Pausing a moment to reflect upon the amount of time which was consumed in instituting the firmament, one is desirous to know what peculiar importance attaches to it that a whole day was occupied in its creation.

In a word, what and where is it?

There is no firmament in the sea, i.

e, the ocean, where some have thought it should be located.

Again others have assumed that the space which exists between the waters in the clouds and those of the ocean, is the firmament spoken of by Moses.

But it seems like investing an imaginary something with all the grandeur of a stupendous act of creation to admit such a theory.

Allowing that those who advocate this opinion make the waters above the firmament signify visible clouds, still the "expanse"which exists between such waters and the sea is often imaginary, as when clouds ride upon the very face of the deep, and it is alway variable as they fly higher and lower.

In point of fact, however, no such "expanse"as the theory contemplates has any existence whatever, since the atmosphere which meets the waves of the sea is* charged with moisture, or waters, just as that in the higher regions is.

Then, too, it would be difficult to assign any sufficient reason why Moses should mention only an "expanse"which

ELECTRICITY.

exists between the clouds of heaven and the sea, when the same kind must have been created between the clouds and the land.

But, finally, to oppose a conclusive argument to this theory, the word "firmament"conveys to our minds the idea of stability of metes and bounds, which were to establish an absolute separation between the waters to be divided.

The water which forms the cloud rises from the sea in the form of vapor, passes through the "firmament,"which our friends have set up, and descends in the form of rain, etc., hence, it can not be a "firmament"in the scriptural sense of the term, for that was to be stable enough to separate or divide between the waters above the "firmament,"and those below it.

We cannot conceive that waters which are perpetually mingling and commingling are divided or separated.

Dr. Adam Clarke in his notes on the

Hebrew for the word "firmament"says that it means "to spread out as the curtains of a tent, a pavilion,"and simply signifies an "expanse"or "space."Infidel writers on the other hand, taking their cue from the Greek in the Sep.

assert that the term implies somethingsolid, or a solid sphere.

The word there certainly does not convey the idea of stability and stedfastness; and striking the true mean between these two opposite and extreme views, the "firmament"of Scripture, as indicated by the language of Moses, is a space which permanently and effectually divides between the "waters"and "waters"of creation.

In attempting to define or locate the "firmament,"we must square our ideas with facts, which have already been pointed out viz: That the institution of the expanse was the second creative act of the Gods, and that it was planted in the midst of the chaotic mass of waters, while as yet the earth was unseen and unbuilt.

Then, too, in order to prevent the newly created worlds and systems from immediately lapsing in a grand chaos, (distinguishable from that which prevailed before creation began, only by the size of the bodies which should compose the new, but riotous universe) every world when first organized had to be constructed upon a scientific basis of weight and measurement.

Thos.

W. Brookbank.

Nothing is more silly than the habit some people have of "speaking their minds."A man of this trait will say a rude thing for the mere pleasure of saying it.

ELECTRICITY.

GALVANIC, VOLTAIC OR DYNAMIC ELECTRICITY.

In a former article, an attempt was made to demonstrate that electric force appeared to be developed in almost every case of motion involving friction.

For purposes of easy understanding and convenience, the force manifesting itself under such conditions was called factional, or static electricity.

Toward the end of the last century, a series of very interesting discoveries was made pointing to an entirely different method of exciting electric force.

Aloysius Galvani, a professor of anatomy, at Bologne, had his attention drawn to a peculiar twitching of the muscles of some recently killed frogs lying near an electric machine in operation.

While pondering upon the cause of so wonderful a phenomenon, being nothing short of an apparent restoration of vital action and the movements of life in the dead body of an animal, he observed similar convulsive movements in the bodies of other frogs, which were suspended by copper hooks from an iron railing, whenever by accidental causes, the frogs would be thrown in contact with the iron.

He soon found that the phenomenon could be produced at pleasure by proceeding as follows:

Experiment 1.

Carefully remove the

ELECTRICITY.

contents of the abdomen from the body of a dead frog.

The lumbar nerves will be exposed, as white threads lying along the middle line of the back below the termination of the spinal column.

Pass a thin narrow strip of copper under, and in contact with these nerves, and place the end of a similarly shaped strip of zinc below the skin in contact with the muscles of the leg.

By bringing the free ends of the strips together, a violent convulsion is excited.

Galvani announced his discovery, and exp lained the phenomenon by the operation 'of a Vital Fluid or Animal electricity.

Volta, a scientist residing at Pavia, opposed this theory of Galvani, and advanced the idea that the mere contact of dissimilar metals would produce electricity.

His belief was chiefly based upon_the fact that the muscular contraction in the frog was much greater when strips of two different metals were used, than with two strips of the same metal.

It is now generally believed that all such phenomena are produced by a chemical or corroding action taking place on the metals.

Volta constructed an apparatus, (since called in his honor the

Voltaic Pile) consisting of pieces of zinc and copper alternately piled upon one another with strips of moistened cloth between* When the end pieces of metal are connected by means of wires, a perceptible electric demonstration is realized.

The cloth pieces, dampened with strong brine or dilute acid serve the same purpose as the flesh of the frog in Galvani's experiment, by supplying moist connections between the metals.

The saliva of the mouth exerts sufficient chemical effect upon most ordinary metals to develop a marked current of electricity;

to demonstrate which, perform the following:

Experiment 2.

Place a small piece of clean zinc upon the tongue, a bit of copper or silver—a silver coin will answer well—under the tongue, being very careful that the edge of the metals do not touch at first. When all is arranged, carefully bring the edges together;

at the instant of contact a peculiar metallic taste is perceptible, and an indescribable thrill is felt in the tongue.

If the experiment were made in a dark room, a flash of light would probably appear before the eyes. This simple operation is especially interesting from being the earliest of its kind recorded.

In 1767, some twentythree years before the observations of Galvani, attention was called to this peculiar effect by Sulzer, a citizen of Berlin.

He advanced the somewhat fanciful explanation that it was due "to some vibratory motion occasioned by contact of the metals."The experiment may be varied by fastening the zinc and silver each to a long thin copper wire; whenever the ends of the wire are brought in contact the same peculiar sensations will be experienced.

Experiment 3.

To realize a more intense effect, construct a simple Galvanic or Voltaic cell as follows.

Procure a piece of copper and zinc, each about two by three inches.

The ordinary sheet metals, easily obtainable from any tin or copper smith will do well.

Even if the copper be tinned on one side as is the case with most commercial sheetcopper, it will serve the purpose.

The experiment will be much clearer if the zinc strip be first amalgamated.

To do this, the zinc should be well cleaned, and then placed in a dish of quicksilver;

or a few drops of the latter may be rubbed over the strip;

attach a thin copper wire to each of the strips.

Now half fill an ordinary tumbler with a mixture of one part common sulphuric acid and twenty parts of water.*

Place the strips of zinc and copper in the acid, taking care that they do not touch.

* Sulphuric acid, or as it is usually called, oil of vitriol, is an intense poison, and extremely corrosive upon the skin, dress, or any organic material with which it may be brought in contact, in consequence of which the substance must be handled with great care.

In mixing the acid and water, use only glass or porcelain vessels, and pour the required amount of acid into the measured volume of water, in a small stream, stirring vigorously meanwhile with a strip of glass, or, lacking that, with a thin piece of wood.

Use no metallic utensil in the process.

ELECTRICITY.

Bubbles will probably be seen to rise from the zinc plate, which consist of hydrogen gas produced by the decomposition of the water by the zinc.

No bubbles are seen to rise from the copper.

If now the fine ends of the wires attached to the plates be brought together the bubbles cease to rise from the zinc, and appear to come from the copper.

If the zinc used were perfectly pure, or if it had been thoroughly amalgamated with mercury, no bubbles would have risen from it at all.

If the ends of the wires be placed in the mouth on opposite sides of the tongue, an intense thrill is felt.

This apparatus is really the galvanic or voltaic cell, several of these connected together by wires would form a galvanic or voltaic battery.

Many varieties of batteries are now in the market competing for favor, each consisting essentially of substances corresponding to the zinc and copper, and one or two exciting fluids.

One of the metals, or of the equivalent conducting substances employed, must be acted upon by the acid or other fluid more vigorously than the other.

The one chiefly corroded is called the generating or positive plate, and the other is termed the collecting or negative plate.

In the simple cell, the zinc is -f and the copper—within the fluid, but the wires attached to the plates are designated by opposite signs. Thus the wire connected with the zinc is called the—wire, and that connected with the copper is -f-.

It is to be noticed that none of the effects referred to above are realized until the plates within the liquid or the | wires outside are brought in contact, for which reason, the early investigators in this field imagined that somthing actually flowed through the wires from plate to plate, and hence they spoke of an electric current, and the electric force developed by chemical action as above described is now often spoken of as current electricity. The term dynamic electricity would seem to be in stricter analogy to static or factional electricity.

The effects of dynamic electricity are very diverse; and wonderful.

Any one who has access to two or three cells of any ordinary style of battery, has the power of producing some brilliant and instructive results.

A few cells of the Bunsen, Daniels, or Gravity battery may be purchased for a reasonable price from any dealer in electrical or chemical supplies.

Experiment 4.

Provide about twelve inches of small insulated copper wire, i.

e.

Wire covered with a layer of silk or caoutchouc.

Coil the wire by winding it closely around a small iron bar, as large as a lead pencil, and thrust the projecting end of the iron coil into iron filings or turnings.

Most likely no effect will be produced.

Now close the circuit of a small battery, by connecting the ends of the coil with the battery wires, and again insert the end of the bar, around which the current is now passing, into iron filings.

The filings will cling to the bar as to an ordinary magnet or loadstone.

Thus the mere passage of electricity around an iron bar develops magnetic properties in the bar.

Experiment 5.

Attach one battery wire to the end of a file, and draw the point of the other wire across the rough surface of the file.

»Bright scintillations or sparks will be observed, caused, doubtlessly, by the electricity actually heating particles of the metal to incandesence, just as detached particles from a horse's shoe will burn when it "strikes fire"against a rock.

Thus it is shown that dynamic electricity can produce brilliant luminous effects.

Experiment 6.

Connect the free ends of the battery wires by a thin iron wire, such as is used in the making of artificial flowers and the like.

When the current passes, this iron wire will become red hot;

if the battery be sufficiently powerful the wire may be melted.

Such illustrates the heating effects of the electric current.

Experiment 7.

Dissolve a silyer dime in a tablespoonful of nitric acid, dilute with its own bulk of water, and to this solution add an equal volume of strong brine.

A white curdy solid known as silver chloride will at once be formed;

allow it to subside, pour off the fluid,

ELECTRICITY.

shake up the solid with water, and again pour off.

Then add to it a lump of potassium cyanide as large as a hazel nut, and a half pint of water, and allow to stand with occasional stirring till all is dissolved.

Preserve this solution in a well corked bottle for.use, and label it "Silver-plating fluid.

Poison!"* Now procure a brass button or any other such object which it is desired to plate with silver, clean it thoroughly and hang it on the negative wire of a battery.

Fasten a silver coin to the other wire, and plunge both beneath the surface of some of the plating fluid in a tumbler or cup, taking precautions that the wires do not touch.

In a short time a layer -of silver of uniform thickness will be laid over the object attached to the negative wire, and a subsequent burnishing will produce the beautiful lustre of pure silver.

In this way electroplating on a large scale is carried on;

in fact, the process has become one of slich favor as to have almost entirely supplanted the former method of dipping and amalgam-plating.

Another beautiful and useful application of the process is that of electrotyping;

in which an impression of the type form is taken in wax or plaster, which is then covered with a layer of conducting material such as powdered graphite, connected with the battery and introduced into a solution of copper sulphate.

A thin layer of copper is produced upon the face of the impression, which is afterward removed and strengthened by the attachment of a block of type metal or of wood at the back.

Thus the electric current is capable of producing the following effects:

i.

Physiological, as shown in experiments i, 2, and 3.

2.

Magnetic, as shown in experiment 4.

3. Luminous, as in experiments 5 and 6.

*It should be remembered that the substances used in this experiment are powerful poisons, especially potassium cyanide.

This should not be handled if there be any abrasion on the skin, as under such circumstances enough will oftentimes be absolved to produce serious poisoning results.

Dissolve the dime in acid out of doors, as the fumes evolved during the process are injurious.

4. Thermal, as in experiment 6.

5. Chemical, as in experiment 7.

The difference existing between static and dynamic electricity appears to be one of degree rather than of kind.

The former is sometimes called electricity of intensity, or of high tension, and the latter is denominated electricity of quantity or of low tension.

A comparison is admissable between such, and quantity and intensity of heat.

A shallow lake, holding perhaps many millions of barrels of water, may become luke-warm throughout its whole extent during a very hot day.

The amount of heat contained in that vast volume of water must be incomprehensibly great, yet its intensity is so low that one may bathe in it with impunity; whereas, a half pint of boiling water with an infinitely smaller quantity of heat than is present in the lake, will scald the body severely.

One may press a blunt stick on the flesh with considerable force with little or no danger of perforating the skin, yet a much less powerful pressure, if concentrated on a fine needle point, would doubtlessly penetrate the muscles and cause pain.

The effects of these two forms of the electric force are strictly analogous.

One writer has declared that "to decompose a grain of water would require over six million discharges from a Leyden jar—enough electricity to charge a thunder cloud thirty-five acres in area;

yet a few galvanic cups would tear apart that amount of water in perfect ease and silence."Faraday immersed a wire of platinum and one of zinc in a solution of four ounces of • water, and one drop of oil of vitriol.

In three seconds this produced as great a deviation of the galvanometer needle as was obtained by thirty turns of a powerful plate glass machine.

If this had been concentrated in one millionth of a second, which is the duration of an electric spark, it would have been suffi- • cient to kill a cat, yet it would require eight hundred thousand such discharges to decompose a grain of water."J. E. T.

Frontispiece.—The engraving which we present as the frontispiece of this

IS LIFE WORTH LIVING.—BEALTJFUL

THINGS.

number is one of peculiar interest to the student of Church history.

It comprises a group of public buildings of Nauvoo, around which are gathered many of the most thrilling incidents of our people's early history.

The Old Seventies'Hall, as represented in the engraving,is a view of the building as it appears at the present time.

The upper story of the original was taken down several years ago, and the house is now employed as a one story schoolhouse.

Within this historic building many of the most interesting organizations of the quorums were effected, and revelations and doctrines enunciated for the guidance and government of the priesthood.

The Old Masonic Hall has a new roof, and its neat modern appearance would perhaps prevent its being recognized by old settlers.

It was a house of wonderful interest in the days of the Prophet, who was himself a Free Mason, as indeed were many of the leading men of the Church.

Among the number, John C. Bennett, an account of whose expulsion from the order appears in the Church History.

This building was occupied for other purposes as well as for meetings of the secret order which erected it.

School was held in it and associations organized for various purposes.

Among others, the first young people's association, the precursor of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A., was organized here under the direction of Elder Heber C.

Kimball and others.

"The Nauvoo Expositor"''Office was situated on Main Street in a two story brick building.

'Our view of it includes also the decaying frame buildings around it.

This house takes an important place, in the history of Nauvoo, because of the great excitement which the issue of the

Expositor created, and the summary manner in which that paper and everything pertaining to it was disposed of, a full account of which will appear in its proper place in the current history of the Rise and Fall of Nauvoo.

IS LIFE WORTH LIVING.

"Is life worth living?"Ask of him Who toils both day and night To make a little home for those

So dear unto his sight.

"Is life worth living?"Ask of her Who, crowned with widow's weeds

Doth find supremest happiness In kind and noble deeds.

"Is life worth living?"Ask again Of those whose highest aim Is to assist their fellow man,

Without one thought of fame.

"Is life worth living?"Ah, dear friend!

Let these good people tell A better question far is this "Is life worth living well?"BEAUTIFUL THINGS.

Beautiful faces are those that wear

It matters little if dark or fair

Whole-souled modesty printed there.

Beautiful eyes are those that show,

Like crystal panes where hearth-fires glow,

Beautiful thoughts that burn below.

Beautiful lips are those whose words

Leap from the heart like songs of birds,

Yet whose utterance prudence girds.

Beautiful hands are those that do

Work that is earnest and brave and true,

Moment by moment the long day through.

Beautiful feet are those that go

On kmdly ministries to and fro

Down lowliest ways, if God wills it so.

Beautiful shoulders are those that bear

Ceaseless burdens of homely care

With patient grace and daily prayer.

Beautiful lives are those that bless

Silent rivers of happiness, Whose hidden fountains but few may guess.

Beautiful twilight, at set of sun,

Beautiful goal, with race well won,

Beautiful rest, with work well done.

Beautiful graves, where grasses creep,

Where brown leaves fall, where drifts lie deep,

Over worn out hands—Oh, beautiful sleep

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, May, 1887.

A POLITICAL DUTY.

"AND now, verily, I say unto you concerning the laws of the land, it is my will that my people should observe to do all things whatsoever I command them and that law of the land which is constitutional, supporting that principle of freedom in maintaining rights and privileges, belongs to all mankind and is justifiable before me.

Therefore, I the Lord justify you and your brethren of my Church in befriending that law, which is the constitutional law of the land.

And as pertaining to the law of man, whatsoever is more or less than these cometh of evil.

I the Lord God make you free;

therefore you are free indeed.

And the law also maketh you free;

nevertheless, when the wicked rule the people mourn.

Wherefore, honest men and wise men should be sought for diligently, and good men and wise men ye should observe to uphold;

otherwise, whatsoever is less than these cometh of evil."(Doctrine and Covenants, Section xcviii, 4-10.)

In this abstract from the revelations of

God is to be found justification for observing the human laws of our country and for maintaining the God-given rights of freedom.

This, as all other commandments of the Lord, teaches us to honor the properly consitituted governments and authorities existing in our midst, while rendering to God obedience, trust and faith.

It is made the duty of those who indeed seek to serve Him, to maintain principles of freedom and to entrust the making and administration of laws in the hands of those who are good and wise.

But neither in this land 'nor in any other can it be found that the

Lord requires of His people, or of any man, that he shall sacrifice the inalienable right of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, to the tyrannical usurpation of power by the wicked and ungodly.

We are led by the present position of the young men of Zion to reflect upon our attitude in the sight of the

Lord, in connection with our present political status.

It appears to us most interesting in the face of the inimical legislation passed against our people, the effect of which, it was hoped by our enemies would be to deprive us of the rights and privileges of American citizenship.

They profess to believe this justifiable on the plea that, having given our allegiance to God, we have withdrawn it from our country.

A grosser misrepresentation, or more willful falsehood could not be devised than this.

The Latter-day Saints believe in maintaining all just and righteous laws, but it is a little more than reason to expect of them to approve of laws, which they know are restrictive of their rights and put them in a false position before their country, rendering men who are honorable, true, virtuous and upright liable to fine and imprisonment for no real offense against the institutions of our country.

In asserting the unrighteousness of these laws, and seeking their repeal, men who know the truth, that they are oppressive and wrong, do only a simple duty;

for no one who has the interests of American freedom at heart, can but regret the enactment of laws which usurp the freedom of citizens and jeopardize the liberty of good men and true, such as those who are being punished in this Territory for the violation of the Edmunds law.

The position of the young men and monogomists of the Territory to-day is one of humiliation, to say the least, for it is a shame and an outrage upon political liberty to require of the citizen that he should purge himself, under oath, of a supposed inclination to break the laws of his country. The presumption should be that the citizens of our country, native born and naturalized, are true in their allegiance to the law and Constitution.

Repulsive oaths and obligations should not be required of the citizen.

On the contrary, it should be made easy and delightful for him to perform the functions of citizenship.

EDITORIAL.

But, "when the wicked rule the people mourn.''We are required, if we vote and hold office in the Territory of

Utah, to take an obnoxious oath—obnoxious, because it is an indignity that an oath, which even in appearance trenches upon the religious convictions of the individual, should be presented him by the authority of law; and while we dispute the right of the law-making power to propose such an indignity, we must submit and suffer it, if we exercise the rights of the voting franchise.

The natural feeling in us is to rebel and decline to honor such a position, and if we seek for justification, in doing so, it leads us into the valley of humility, where we can learn the truest lessons of religion and of political economy also.

The lesson we learn, through the enforcement of this outrageous law, is that we must be true to ourselves and maintain inviolate the institutions of freedom, which God has given us through the Constitution of our country and the revelations of His divine will.

There are those who seek to force us into a false position before the country.

Their assertion that we are un-American, or are less American than they, is the most absurd and false.

There is no truer American blood, or love of American institutions, to be found on this land than among the Latter-day Saints.

The defense of our country, and perpetuation of its glorious institutions, depend upon those who live such lives as are enjoined by the principles of our religion, Wicked and dissolute men cannot maintain the freedom and independence of our country.

Under their rule a dissolution of government, a breaking down of the sacred Constitutional principles, inspired of God for the establishment of free government among men, is only a question of time; and at the rate inroads have been made upon the spirit of the Constitution in the past few years of but a short time.

Because of this, great obligations are resting, upon us.

We are jealous of any infraction of the Constitution, and we feel it strongly impressed upon us in obedience to the laws of God and country to maintain every vestige of political liberty that it is possible to preserve;

that we may be the better prepared to wield the power, in the day when wickedness shall threaten our country, to preserve it from destruction.

These may seem vain delusions to the wicked; but we have the authority of God, himself, that the day will come when the despised Saints shall rescue the government from the power of the wicked, who would destroy it.

We see men who entertain this belief in the destiny of the Saints, and whose conduct in life is in harmony with it, ostracized, deprived of political privileges and endangered as to life, liberty and property, because of their religious convictions.

We know that they are persecuted by the wicked, who have obtained place, through corruption and fraud, and wield the powers of government unrighteously, without the sanction and approval of conscience, of God or the Constitution.

Does any one suppose such a blot upon the fame of our country as this persecution for religion's sake has made, will be permitted to remain forever?

The men who are to-day imprisoned and exiled for conscience sake, are patriots and martyrs.

They are the pioneers of the great west and deserve the most magnanimous treatment, the best and highest consideration at the hands of the government, rather than its abuse.

What shall the young men of Utah do in the present emergency? This is a question we hear on every hand.

Shall they take the oath prescribed in the new law, and maintain the political rule of the Territory, or shall they stand aloof and let the control pass into the hands of the vile wretches who have succeeded in enforcing this law upon them?

Our view is this that we should defend ourselves at every point of attack.

We are living in a time when war measures are being urged against us, and we must meet them with valor and courage.

Backsliding and cowardice should have no place among us: but every man should feel that it is no time for trifling, but a time of activity and interest in the maintenance of the right.

What greater wrong could

DISCIPLINE AND CULTURE.

be perpetrated than the disfranchisement of the people of Utah, because of belief?

Any man who is not a practical violator of the law, if he suffers himself to be disfranchised now, is disfranchised for belief; and that is not the intent, of this law, though there is no concealment of the fact that it was the intent of those who helped to procure its passage.

They, however, failed, and we are assured by the highest authority that the law itself does not entrench upon the domain of belief.

Accept that view, and every man who has not violated its provision is under obligations to defend himself and people against the vicious foe, who seeks his overthrow and political bondage. Evqfy monogomist and single man, otherwise qualified, should feel it his first and most sacred duty to exercise his privilege of voting and holding office in the Territory, as he may be called upon by his fellow citizens. We trust that they may fully appreciate this fact, for, in maintaining their rights as citizens of our country, to the utmost, they better qualify and prepare themselves for citizenship in the kingdom and government of God.

DISCIPLINE AND CULTURE.

In the teaching of the family, the school, the state and the Church, there is need of attention and obedience on the part of the members; and as an important aim of discipline and culture is to instill certain habits as a basis for the formation of character, the individuals must be required constantly and punctiliously, to conform to certain rules and general precepts.

The discipline is good or bad in proportion as the instructor succeeds in enforcing these rules or laws.

Among no people of whom I have heard or read is there evidence of greater ability for organizing and disciplining than among the Latter-day Saints.

Consider, if you please, the organization of this Church by an illiterate farmer boy, who, by the inspiration of the Holy

Spirit, provided for the execution of the minutest details of its government, by officers whose duties are clearly defined in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants.

By obedience to those laws, the Church of only six members has grown to be a power attracting the attention of the whole world.

We remember full well many instances in the life of the late Brigham Young, which prove to us very clearly that he, guided by the light of inspiration, was the greatest disciplinarian of the age.

It is the wonder of the people of the world how our unseen but * Logan Temple Lecture, Saturday, January 8,1887.

honored President maintains his influence over this people.

We know that underlying the respect and love, which we have for our venerable leader, is the knowledge that he is the instrument in the hands of the Lord to direct us, that in our various organizations we may acquire that discipline and culture necessary to fit us for our various spheres of action here and hereafter.

We are all somewhat familiar with the rigid discipline of the army, the navy, and many kinds of business, and we know that a family or school in which kind but firm discipline is maintained, is better regulated and sends its members forth to battle with the opposing forces of the world better prepared than does a family or school in which there is little if any discipline.

Observation and experience teach us that, while as a people we possess and appreciate discipline, as individuals, we are very deficient.

All the doctrines of the faith which we have espoused tend to train our faculties and enable us to subject ourselves to the laws of God, but we sometimes act as if possession of law was all that is required and do not measure our conduct by the law, hence we do not acquire the discipline and culture we* so much desire.

Discipline is derived from a latin verb meaning to learn, and in its literal acceptation means the condition of disciple or learner; that is subordination, re-

DISCIPLINE AND CULTURE.

quiring strict obedience to certain directions or rules, or conformity with a system of instruction, having for its object some kind of training.

The word is sometimes used to denote government, and frequently also punishment for the commission of offenses.

We, however, will consider discipline as that subordination requiring strict obedience to, certain directions.

Culture is not simply bringing into active exercise the latent powers'of the mind or body, but adding thereto a nice and careful discrimination as to their proper or improper exercise, with a due regard to the circumstances which require their employment.

There are as many kinds of culture as there are departments of human nature.

The real instrumentality, in a certain sense the only one, by which culture can be effected, is self-exertion.

None of the faculties, whether of the spirit, mind or body, can be cultivated except by exercise.

A man of culture is not only able to express his thoughts in suitable and impressive language, but knows how to adapt his language to the persons, the place and the occasion which call for this expression.

All are familiar with the many unsuccessful attempts made by a child in learning to use his hands and feet.

You smile at his efforts to grasp the tempting ball or light before him, but how many realize that it is lack of discipline both mental and physical?

He desires to grasp the object, to place it in his mouth, but his muscles lack the necessary training, and it is only after many failures and repeated efforts that he at last gains the required discipline and is enabled to grasp the object, place it in his mouth, and to change it from hand to hand at pleasure.

The first few years of the child's life pass and mental and physical discipline go hand in hand, developing his body day by day.

Up to a certain age all physical discipline must have for its object general development, beyond this the special purpose of the training must dictate the nature of the exercise to be employed.

Among the ancients, the Persians, the Greeks and the Romans especially, the highest respect was accorded to physical culture, and the means employed were generally well adapted to the purpose, although based upon observation and experience.

At the present time scientific researches supply a far better and more accurate basis for effectual bodily training;

its necessity is generally acknowledged as a basis for the higher departments of education and should keep in view two objects;

first, to encourage a normal development of bodily powers;

second, to check morbid growth.

Incidentally to these, of course, the preservation of health and protection against disease is an important object, since a condition of health is the foundation upon which all physical culture must rest. Physical exercise must not look exclusively to muscular development, but to the prompt use of muscular power, in obedience to the dictates of mind.

Such power systematically exercised in any given direction, becomes almost automatic as is seen in the case of the skillful oarsman, rider, swordsman and dancer and musician.

All such means ofk physical culture become of special value, bringing the powers of the body under the immediate control of the will.

Many are inclined to regard the direction of physical training as unnecessary;

they think that the physical powers of children and youth receive in the instinctive and impressible exercises natural to that age, a sufficient education for ordinary purposes.

From this view arises a neglect which is fraught with serious injury.

Not only does the individual fail to act appropriately and energetically at every trying period of his life, but, in most cases, his action falls somewhat below what is required for effective results, through want of the full co-operation of the bodily powers, and toward the close of life decrepitude is accelerated by the partial atrophy occasioned by imperfect development and disease.

The minute division of labor, characteristic of the age in which we live, by giving a utilitarian value to the cultivation of the senses is rapidly constituting this an element of increas-

DISCIPLINE AND CULTURE.

ing importance.

Already the success of numerous trades and employments is dependent upon a nicety of discrimination by means of the eye, the ear, the taste or the touch, and the number of these is steadily increasing.. The cultivation of the senses, therefore, is desirable from a merely utilitarian point of view, while for general culture, such as is required in many of the arts, its absolute necessity is manifest.

Many considerations and interests, therefore, conspire to make the subject of physical training and culture one of constantly increasing importance.

In the formation of the human character, the culture of the intellect is of subordinate importance to that of the other two mental functions; the proper order being first, will, second, sensibility, third, intellect, for the intellect is only an instrument, the use of which must depend upon the natural strength and educational training of the other elements of human character.

The human mind acts, as it were, by separate faculties;

it appears to possess distinct powers which are withoujt doubt intimately associated.

They are but functions of a single agent, but are distinct both in their mode of operation, and in the objects upon which they are exercised.

To form an idea from a book, a picture or any other object present before us, is obviously distinct from recalling that idea, when the object is no longer present; this differs essentially from the suggestion of one idea, by the presence of another in some way associated with it.

Again, to create from the simple impressions, derived from natural objects, an original picture, or series of pictures, such as those of Hogarth, on canvas, or of

Bunyan, in written composition, is certainly a very different process from the selection and combination of elementary propositions, so as to derive from them an original principle or truth.

The mind is nevertheless a unit, and all its operations may be conceived to depend upon some rudimental process, but as nothing would be gained practically, we will conform to the common usage, and consider the intellect as comprehending many distinct faculties, which cannot be cultivated and strengthened without a knowledge of their mode of operation, and the objects- upon which they are exercised.

These faculties have been convienently divided into three groups.

i.

The acquisitive faculties, including consciousness and sense-perception.

2.

The representative faculties, including conception, association, memory and imagination.

3. The elaborate faculties, including comparison, abstraction, generalization, judgment and reason.

The senses, those avenues of communication with the external world, are first to be considered, since probably ideas at first spring from sensation, which appears to be the primitive stimulus of activity in the whole animal kingdom.

Sensation is said to be connected with the mind, in no other way than as the means of supplying the material upon which the first mental operations are performed;

and when this material is afforded, the mind as an entirely independent agent, may or may not act upon it.

This act being controlled by what is called attention, which is only a condition of activity assumed by the mind in regard to any of the objects of sensation or consciousness.

When sensation and attention exist simultaneously there is a result which is called perception, sensation being simply the effect produced by external objects upon the bodily organ;

and perception the act of the mind in becoming cognizant of it as proceeding from some cause extraneous to itself.

The product of these two acts, called sense-perception, would be but momentary or would last only so long as the object perceived was -present; but for the existence of a faculty, by which the mind retains impressions thus made, recalls them, voluntarily or involuntarily, and thus is enabled to make them the subject of independent mental action.

These impressions and, in an especial manner, those made through the medium of sight, become in this way a part of the mind; they are imprinted upon its very texture, as it were, like pictures upon the photographic glass.

This fac-

DISCIPLINE AND CULTURE.

ulty is called conception,, and requires the most careful cultivation in childhood and youth, since it alone enables the mind to store up the materials of knowledge and thought in its wonderful repository.

The intellect of childhood is chiefly employed in the exercise of it in storing up ideas, and gathering materials out of which to produce its subsequent creations, whether these are the fantastic pictures of fancy, the more regular combinations of imagination, or the sequences of reason and argument.

Whatever hinders this process shrivels the mind and stunts its growth; its vitality dies out for want of exercise, and torpor takes the place of elasticity and vigorous life.

This is one of the first faculties to be addressed in education;

it is to be carefully disciplined by supplying it with abundant food, i.

e., objects upon which it may be exercised, and language designed to bring into clear mental view the conceptions already acquired.

The next mental process is association.

In the first stages of the mind's growth, there exists but little power of combination certainly none of logical combination but there is an elementary principle of intellection by which ideas tend to become linked together according to certain relations, this is called association.

Perhaps the most important of the elementary associations established in regard to the conceptions is that of words or names, with the conceptions of objects they are thus made to represent.

This is, without doubt, one of the earliest as well as one of the most rudimental of the mind's combinations.

Without the association of words with ideas, the mind could advance but a very few steps in its development; because it would be unable to receive any stimulus by communicating with any other minds;

it would be powerless to control the order in which conceptions present themselves to the mind, or to divert them from the vagueness of reverie or dreaming; and no process of thought or reasoning could be carried on without the assistance of language.

This need of words, is illustrated by the efforts of children to talk and call things by names long before the power of articulation exists, thus showing that although they are unable to employ words for the expression of ideas the mind is constantly making use of them in carrying on its rudimental operations. Very.much of the early development of a child's mind thus consists in acquiring a knowledge of words, but let it be remembered of words only as representatives of actual conceptions.

In this way the knowledge of things and the knowledge of words increase, and the mind is prepared for operations of a more advanced character.

Next to the association of things with words as their representatives is that founded upon a perception of resemblance in the objects from which conceptions are derived, and close upon this follows the perception of differences in the objects.

The whole structure of the intellect, as a thinking and reasoning apparatus, seems to be based upon the ready recognition of likeness and analogy.

Imagination is the power by which conceptions originally formed, from the perception of natural objects, or their represenatives are reproduced in a fictitious combination, which resembles the natural.

This faculty existing as it does in a greater or less degree in every mind, and entering to some extent into almost every mental act, must be placed among the few great powers of the mind which demand careful cultivation.

The influence of the imagination is equally felt in moral and intellectual action.

By its aid the man of science, recombining the elements gathered by an observation of the visible world around him, projects his thought into the unseen universe, and determines the existence of conditions, which knowledge alone could never detect, but which observation serves only to confirm.

Through the influence of imagination alone, the record of the past becomes a guide and a warning to the present.

Thus the hand of charity is open to relieve the necessities which the active exercise of this faculty pictures to us as existing in the homes of want and misery.

A knowledge of its power and of the consequent need of cultivation is

28o DISCIPLINE AND CULTURE.

derived almost entirely from our owjn experience.

The extent, to which it influences or controls the judgment is appreciable only in our own case, and then only approximately, hence an analysis of its effect on the thought or actions of others becomes a matter of extreme difficulty.

The neglect of its cultivation is productive of results hardly less pernicious than its abuse by undue stimulation; for while by the latter the judgment and reason are subordinated, and the mind is turned from the consideration of the practical and concentrated too exclusively upon the ideal, thus enveloping the daily concerns of life, in a kind of mental mirage, which results in disappointment and discouragement when the cloud is dispersed; by the former the dull matter of fact phase of existence acquires undue prominence, to the suppression of all sentiment, and that love ofthe beautiful, which cheers and helps us to find, even in the commonest aspect of life, reason for admiration and gratitude.

These considerations should secure for it careful attention.

The elements of self-control exist in a greater or less degree in every mind, as a part of its original constitution.

They are distinct from its intellectual faculties, and need a special training which is far more important than intellectual education, because it contributes in a much higher degree, to the good both of the individual and of society.

The subject of moral education is duty, and its office is both speculative and active.

We must implant correct principles of rectitude in the individual's mind, teach what duty is, and cultivate a desire to do what is right for its own sake; to respect duty or moral obligation, in other words, to feel a sense of right, to listen to the voice of conscience-.

We must also implant in the youthful mind such motives as will aid the moral sense, and enable it to triumph over the natural propensities and desires, when the latter are in conflict with it.

The means employed in moral training are first precepts addressed both to the understanding and to the conscience, the object being to enlighten the latter, which of itself, does not recognize specific right and wrong.

Second, example, appealing to imitation as well as to conscience and enforced by the love and respect felt by the individual toward his instructor leading the former tp feel that whatever is done by the latter is right, and hence should be imitated.

Third, habit, induced by means of repetition, and inclination to act in the same way under the same circumstances.

Fourth, exercise, for the purpose of strengthening the moral feelings brought into play and of forming habits.

Exercise in moral training is just as necessary as in physical or intellectual training, indeed there can be no true discipline or culture without it.

This culture must have two objects constantly in view.

First, to cultivate virtue; second to correct vices.

Among the former as especially necessary may be enumerated truthfulness, honesty, justice, candor and modesty, kindness and benevolence, diligence, obedience to proper authority, gratitude, fidelity to every promise or trust, and patriotism; and among the latter the opposite of these, as lying and deceit, a disposition to steal, cruelty to animals, unkindness and injustice to associates, violence and combativeness, ill temper, anger and irritability, obstinacy, laziness, irresolution leading to procrastination, excessive self-esteem leading to arrogance and self-conceit. When the moral sense is thoroughly developed the golden rule will comprehend, in approbation or condemnation, every class of actions and give the means of a just, discrimination as to what is virtuous and what is vicious.

The relation of moral and religious training should be thoroughly understood.

In brief we may say that the former deals with the relations which mankind sustain to each other; and the latter with those which man, as a spiritual being, sustains to the Infinite

Spirit, the Creator and Preserver of all things.

In the one the principle addressed is that of conscience, the sense of right, in the other it is the religious principle, the instinct by which man is brought into communion with his Maker..

Ida lone Cook.

R. K. THOMAS.

EAGIvE EMPORIUM, SALT LAKE CITY.

R K. THOMAS.

m '9 JB^i The Celebrated >\ \ \ x \ \ v.\;^ Prompt Attention to Orders.

OFFiee in Wasatch Corner.

SUPFF^FINE #|1dle-W|Ie^t £{MAKES MORE WHOLESOME BREAD THAN ANY DTHER j FINE WHITE FLDUR.

MANUFACTURED BY~TIHE PjbneerRdllerMille.

. 5 OLD BY ALL DEALERS.

HO ME -MADE MEDICINES FROM HOME RAISED HERBS CURE HOME COMPLAINTS.

C.

E. JOHNSON

Sierra Nevada Lumber. Association—*~OF UTAH.-< Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Mouldings, Doors, Windows, Blinds, Etc:

Mill Work in All its Branches.

OAK, ASH, CHERRY, WALNUT, BUTTERNUT, MAHOGANY, SPANISH

CEDAR, PRIMA VERA, Etc., in Stock, Hard and Soft Wood M ante/a, to Order.

STAIR BUILOWG A SPECIALTY.

One-half Block South_ U.

C.__Depot, > n i IVMN Qllht SALT LAKE CITY.

J> The.people or Utah-.

0& are sensibly united '- In preferlugr those V made at v.

"'"'Wl.iM.t"'z. c. m.

i.

J7.

SALT LAKE CITY.

LOOK FOR the Brand.

v\^> l/M VVS THE CELEBRATED Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, ^-=sCHARCOAL,a=^.

d)OK,E 7 E?IG Il^OH j| &500D.

SEND YOUR ORDERS TO Sells, Burton & Co., 14t5 3b£a,i22. Street, NEXT DOO^TO BARjlATT B^OS.

TELEPHONE 211.

HL I*U *E M p. O. Box aS9.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN BY GOODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS,?H0ES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS -AND ALD KINDS 01 BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

t& **^L* *****,> lm

BIJHTOIT, O-^IfiBPaTEJSg CO., M muncturors of Pnmkinmtinn ITrtnnn M,,1 '% ° r Annealed Steel nnd <2atT.inlr.ed \Tire, *nA lommnation Fence siiSttrtaaw-'Mftisa;

WIUS B$$S AW© COTS 3Xa.cL« ozi laaapro-ved. Seisin..

Eettter tba-saa. e.33.y laaapoxted..

Agents for the Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SEWINO MACHINES'OPPOSITE THE THEATRE.

ff. C. CHAMBER*, President.

DEALERS!N F. A. MITCHELL, Set'u & Manager.

Weber Goae,^9 Frt.m the WASATCH and CRISMOtf MIMES, m mmm From the Utah Central Railway Co's M.nes FFICE at No. 40 Main Street, SALT LAKE CITf, UTAH.

Telephone No 38*.

OPPOSITE Z. C. M.

I.

P. O. Box 02T Qrd*r» delivorod to any address In (.ho city, or furnished at the yard ai regular rates.

rnr i THE BEST TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO ITl^e Hiairgrest Sale of ansr Tobacco in.

tla.e "^7*orld.

THADE MARK.

FOR PLEASURE, <<>MFORT,HEALTr SMOKE THE OL D.

. -MANUFACTURED ONLY &Y W^S&S&/jd!\^$r J c-^BMrK. ^.T.Blsck^eij. s Co.^^J *^vrf

1887.—ItPfiING,-1887.

THE o-op.Wagon and Machine Co.

0et y6uk iplows.

Buy your Wagons and Machinery.

Th*I.»rgeaft Sto«fe to Seleet from #t«t Exhibited In Utah.

MITCHELL and BAIN WAGONS.

CHAMPION AND WOOD MACHINES.

Detre and Moline Plows.

HMBloek Soulh of Theatre, Salt Lake {jjty, J. F. GRAN$ fcfcGR HEBER J. GRANT, PREST.

i YOUNG BIT HARDY \£6 MP K3znco* iroxLjL.rrxiXi.

—UNEXCELLED—

DRY GOODS, Ntwiit Varitiits.

Standard Prices.

•TAfLE AMD FANCY GROCERIES, Aivsyt Frtik and Whtltxtmt.

A COMl'LETE A3SOXTMKNT OF BOOTS aftd SHOES.

Evtrythingfor Foehetar in tkt But Stylts.

Town A Country Tradt Cartfully Atttndtd to.

Qpp. Z. C. M.

I., East Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

Insure Yoifc H&mes IN THE HI O HUT.

OT tjt?a.b:- $1,000 for 2-cts.

Costs less Than Two Cents a Day tf Insure* It takes less than a day to lose a thousand dollars by fire* m HEBER J.GRANT^ CO, GENERAL AGENTS,"40 Main St., SALT LAIE CITY