October loses willi tliis l&umoer.

Please Renew at once.

See Prospectus VOLUME NINE next page.

7*Jp^JZfc c^ismi^^!

~^^XJr%* H^"F[EPF^E5E[\lT5 t^e:^%x MlhW ^PRDVENlip® ifW%K^ F T4E vti^^fl

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER, 1887.

PAO&.

Th« Ri»e and Fall of Nauvoo.

XI B. H.

Kobtrit.

Five Days on the Lake R. W.

Young Seek a Reward i.

W. C The Manatee A Noble English Home....*.

Seletled Airumnal Sentiments Amethyst Honor Melvin D.

Well-.

The Midnight Sun De Vallibus Story of a Monster John H. Kelson The Value of the Puritan Sabbath 47 2 The Bank of England Note.".

October Emtneline 13.

Wells EDITOUAL:

The Original Manuscript The Poor Indian Phren. Journal Wonders of the Ocean....

Benjamin Family Life in Mexico.

47S Association Intelligence VOL I ME The Ninth VOLUME of the COXTRIBUTQR commences with the November number, and will present to its readers a variety of Original Home LITERATURE unsurpassed by any pn volume.

The leading historical scries will be.1 carefully prepared ffistojy of iht Nam.

by Lieut.

Richard W. Young, U.

S. A.

This military history of our people will include an account of the origin of the Legion, its services in Nauvoo, in the early days of Utah, during the Echo Canyon War, and the Indian troubles;

its famous musters and drills, collisions with Federal authorities, disbandment and final repeal of its charter by act of Congress.

Numerous and costly engravings of its conspicuous officers will adorn the volume.

In addition to which we have had an eligant portrait made of LlEUT.-GENL. JOSEPH Smith, mounted on his favorite horse "Joe Duncan."TJhis drawhing by Mr. John Hafen, is twenty by twenty-five inches and will be beautifully engraved.

It Js designed to accompany the volume as a memento of* the Legion.

The aim of the CONTRIBUTOR has always been to encourage and improve our Home

Literature The new volume will contain matter from the pens of many old friends, including Presidents Wilford Woodruff, Joseph

F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, F. M. Lyman,

Geo.

Reynolds, O.

F. Whitney, B. H. Roberts, J. M. Tanner, J. E, Talmage, Emtneline

B. Well;.

A.

J.

Crocheron, M. M. Johnson (Ruby Lament), and others, besides introducing the names of a large number of ew writers.

The usual Prizes and Souvenir Medal will be given for a Christmns Story and Poem, and for the best Serial Story based upon incidents in the Book of Mormon.

The Association Intelligence Department, under the immediate direction of the General 01 of the Y. M. M. LA. will oceive particular attention, and be made as useful as possible to the k iations.

Ofln ^quested to contribute"to.this department.

Every endeavor will be made to make the

Ninth a superior volume, and we confidently hope oraBle reception by the young men and women of Zion, in whose interests it is especially ed, and all of whom are invited to write for its columns.

ription, per year, $2.00.

Subscribers p.;\ zing of Lieut.-Genl. Joseph Smith, and may have their vol tnd at the end of the EE.

Back Volumes for -., <ieh.

Address:

HE con roR COMIWXV.

4tO.VI fit in S I JRemL made by P.

JOHN M. BROWNING.

MATT. S.BROWNING.

JUa- «.

Afa runming rows*. Ogden, tjtjSuH:

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., IStOlS, ^h k r.

^it%tU% c^$tMl IjWrfs, l|bl}iitjj %ir^lf oSEXD FOlt CATALOGUED—-$~J-<- f Orders from All Paris of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled,

Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co., %i& LLADll ^iU m Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

EVSKYTHI1TG m^^ST BTJXLIDE^S IbTIEiEID SOUTH TEMPLE ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

JOHN EVADING, PIONEER Florist of Utah.

TREES, SHRUBS, PLANTS AND SEEDS, Of Every Description, Acclimated, and Warranted to be Reliable.

Send for Catalogue.

Orders by Mail Carefully Attended to.

E5. O. Bos 3SS.

H LV >TT<D I T< Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, ES, §** SLEDS, BBAOZiETS, IMIXIKIRaiRS, EVERYTHING IN HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

First South St..

Salt Lake City.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0812eng

Sri rrt stOmJ i fr*Js.

FAC-SIMILE OF ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPT OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

This extract is a reproduction of a portion of a page of manuscript recovered from the cornerstone of the Nauvoo House, in 1883, where it had been deposited October 2d, 1841, by the Prophet

Joseph Smith.

The page of manuscript from which this is taken measures sixteen and one-half inches by six and one-half inches, and is of good paper, of medium weight, but much discolored by time.

The head line of this page reads: "Lamen & Lemuel rebelleth against Nephi,"and the printed counterpart will be found in I Nephi, vii: 6-9, Book of Mormon, page 13.

(For further particulars relating to this manuscript, see History of the Book of Mormon, by Geo.

Reynolds, Contributor, Vol. V, page 365, and A Tour of Historical Scenes, by

F. D. Richards, Vol. VII, page 303.)

9H)jt (filorj of (flxoir is $nUUi$t\u£.

Vol.

VIII.

OCTOBER, 1887.

No.

12.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

"It is thought by some that our enemies would be satisfied with my destruction; but I tell you that as soon as they have shed my blood, 'they will thirst for the blood of every man in whose heart dwells a single spark of the spirit of the fulness of the Gospel.

The opposition of these men is moved by the spirit of the adversary of all righteousness.

It'is not only to destroy me, but every man and woman who dares believe the doctrines that God hath inspired me to teach in this generation."

Such were the words of the Prophet Joseph Smith to the Nauvoo Legion on the eighteenth of June, 1844.

And the action of the old citizens of Hancock and the surrounding counties subsequent to the murder of the youthful Prophet, prove how truly inspired were the words we have quoted.

For no sooner did they discover that the work which

Joseph had begun refused to die with him, than they renewed hostilities, and sought by every means their wicked hearts conld devise to harrass and destroy those, who devoted their energies to the consummation of the work which had been started.

The mockery of a trial given those who had murdered the Prophets, emboldened the enemies of the Saints, for they saw justice powerless to vindicate outraged law, and that with impunity they could prey upon the citizens of Nauvoo, whom, it would seem, their hatred had selected for a sacrifice.

Thieves and blacklegs, generally, saw the opportunity of having their damnable crimes charged upon an innocent people, and established themselves in the vicinity of Nauvoo though principally on the Iowa side of the river, and all the thefts and acts of violence committed by those renegades were charged up to the account of the citizens of Nauvoo, and too gladly believed by the people in the surrounding counties.

Not only were the charges of theft and robbery made against the Saints, but they were also accused of hiding from justice any and all criminals who came into their midst—that Nauvoo in short, was a rendezvous for outlaws, counterfeiters and desperate men generally.

These charges led the City Council on the thirteenth of January, 1845, to investigate the allegations, and a series of resolutions were adopted stating that the charges of theft for the most part were fabrications of their enemies bent on ruining the reputation of the city, and defied those who made the charges to sustain with proof a single case where the citizens of Nauvoo had screened criminals from justice.

The council also extended an invitation to all who had reasons to believe that their stolen property was concealed in Nauvoo to go there and make diligent search for it, and pledged them the assistance of the council.

To hunt out crime and put away everything that could give rise to even a suspicion of concealing criminals, the mayor was authorized to increase the force of police if necessary to five hundred;

and the people were called upon to redouble their diligence in preventing.criminals from coming among them, and all such persons as soon as discovered were to be given up to the officers of the law.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

The next day the action of the city council was submitted to the citizens of Nauvoo, and they approved of it.

Fifty delegates were chosen and sent into the surrounding counties to disabuse the public mind relative to the false accusations made against the Saints, and to ask their co-operation in ridding the country of the counterfeiters and thieves which infested it.

But all these efforts were fruitless.

The falsehoods of their enemies outweighed the truths of the Saints, and prejudice more cruel than Hell itself hardened the hearts of the people of Illinois against the appeals of the citizens of Nauvoo, and made them deaf to all their entreaties for justice.

Twice during the summer of 1845, Governor Ford himself went to Nauvoo to investigate these charges against her people; and when he came to deal with the "Mormon troubles,"in his message to the legislature that fall, after speaking of the charges made, he said:

"Justice, however, requires me to say that I have investigated the charge of promiscuous stealing, and find it to be greatly exaggerated.

I could not ascertain that there were a greater proportion of thieves in that community than in any other of the same number of inhabitants, and perhaps if the city of Nauvoo were compared with St. Louis, or any other western city, the proportion would not be so great."

The prejudice, not to say bitterness of

Governor Ford against the Saints would rob his statement of any suspected exaggeration favorable to them.

Nor is Governor Ford's voice the only one which vindicates the character of the citizens of Nauvoo.

The deputy sheriff of Hancock County exonerated the Mormon people from any participation in the thefts perpetrated in the surrounding country.

He testified that stolen property was brought through the country via Nauvoo, passed over the river to the Iowa side and taken into the interior, where it was concealed.

He also stated that there were some five or six persons in Nauvoo who were assisting in this nefarious business, but said he, "they are not the Mormons nor are they fellowshiped by them."Notwithstanding all this, misrepresentation so far succeeded in poisoning the minds of the public and the leading men in the State, that in January, 1845, the city charter of Nauvoo, and the charter of the Legion were both repealed, and thus the protecting aigis of the city government was snatched away from her citizens, when most they needed it, and left them exposed to the fury of their enemies.

Of this act of punic faith on the part of the State legislature, the State attorney,

Josiah Lamborn, in a letter to Brigham Young, said:

"I have always considered that your enemies have been prompted by political and religious prejudices, and by a desire for plunder and blood, more than for the common good.

By the repeal of your charter, and by refusing all amendments and modifications, our legislature has given a kind of sanction to the barbarous manner in which you have been treated.

Your two representatives exerted themselves to the extent of their ability in your behalf, but the tide of popular passion and frenzy was too strong to be resisted.

It is truly a melancholy spectacle to witness the law-makers ofa sovereign

State condescending to pander to the vices, ignorance and malevolence of a class of people who are at all times ready for riot, murder aud rebellion."Senator Jacob C. Davis was one among those who had been indicted for the murder of Joseph and Hyrum, and of him the attorney-general said:

"Your Senator Jacob C.

Davis, has done much to poison the minds of members against anything in your favor.

He walks at large in defiance of law an indicted murderer.

If a Mormon was in his position, the Senate would afford no protection, but he would be dragged forth to gaol or the gallows, or be shot down by a cowardly and brutal mob,"In the meantime the Apostles, sustained by the Saints, put forth every exertion to carry out the designs of their martyred Prophet respecting Nauvoo.

The Nauvoo House was hurried on, and the walls were growing rapidly under the constant labor of the masons. Work, too, was vigorously prosecuted at the *.

Temple.

At the time of Joseph's death that edifice was but one story high, and yet on the twenty-fourth of May, 1845, about six o'clock in the morning theaap"

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

stone was laid amid the general rejoicing and shouts of "Hosanna"from the assembled thousands of the Saints.

Thus the world began to understand that

Mormonism was not born to die with its earthly leaders.

And it began to be whispered that the Prophet Joseph dead was even more potent than when living.

His testimony had been sealed with his blood, and it gave to his life and his labors an additional sanctity in the eyes of his followers, as well as making it more binding upon the world.

Seeing then the continued prosperity of Nauvoo and her citizens, the people in the vicinity of that city and in the surrounding counties again commenced hostilities, if, indeed, it may be said that they had ever ceased.

At any rate the horror of the enormity of the murder at

Carthage jail had checked them temporarily; for an instant the torch and assassin's knife had dropped from their nerveless hands and they stood aghast, at that deed of blood.

But seeing the work the murdered Prophet had started surviving his fall, they took up again the weapons of fell destruction and rushed once more upon their victims.

Early in September mobbing the scattered families of the Saints began in earnest.

A meeting was held by antiMormons near what was called the "Morley settlement,"to devise means of getting rid of the Mormons.

During the meeting guns were fired at the house where it was held, and the assault charged upon the Mormons, though most likely it was done by some of their own party, that they might have an excuse for their meditated acts of violence upon the Saints.

Such was the general belief at the time.

At any rate an attack was made upon the Morley settlement, and on the eleventh of the month twenty-nine houses were burned down, while their occupants were driven into the bushes where men, women and children laid drenched with rain, anxiously awaiting the breaking of day.

Speaking of this outrage, the editor of the Quincy Whig, Mr. Bartlett, said:

"Seriously, these outrages should be put a stop to at once if the Mormons have been guilty of crime why punish them, but do not visit their sins upon defenseless women and children.

This is as bad as the savages.

It is feared that this rising against the Mormons is not confined to the Morley settlement, but that there is an understanding among the anties in the northern part of this (Adams) and Hancock counties to make a general sweep, burning and destroying the property of the Mormons wherever it can be found.® In the midst of the exciting scenes which followed, the sheriff"of Hancock, Mr. Backenstos proved himself a friend to law and order.

He did all in his power to arrest the spread of violence and called upon all law abiding citizens to act as aposse comiiatus, but announced it as his opinion that the citizens of Nauvoo had better take no part in suppressing the mob violence, since that might lead to civil war.

At the same time he told the people of Hancock, that "the Mormon community had acted with more than ordinary forbearance, remaining perfectly quiet, and offering no resistance when theirdvvellings, their buildings, stacks of grain, etc., were set on fire in their presence.

They had forborne until forbearance was no longer a virtue."

His vigorous efforts were making headway against the violators of the law; but in consequence of some parties who had sought his life, while acting in his official capacity, being killed, he was arrested!

by General John J. Hardin and placed on trial for murder;

after which mob violence went unchecked of justice.

In the midst of these tumultuous scenes a mass meeting of the citizens was convened at Quincy on the twenty-second of September.

It was generally known that the Prophet Joseph had contemplated going west with the main body of the Church, and it was one of the objects of this meeting to appoint a committee to confer with the Church authorities and learn what their present intentions were as to leaving the State.

It was expressed as the opinion of that meeting that the only basis upon which the Mormon * The Hancock Mob., p.

4, by J. B. Conyers, M. D.

•f He was acquitted at his trial which took place at Peoria.

B. H. R.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

troubles could be settled would be the removal of that people from the State.

We are sorry to say that many of the leading men of Quincy, principally prominent members of the bar, who before had been kindly disposed towards the citizens of Nauvoo, now turned against them, and became the advocates of violence, and lent the weight and influence of their characters to the support and spread of mob-law.

Among such we are sorry to publish Major Warren and O. H. Browning, the latter having defended the Prophet Joseph on more than one occasion when unjustly charged with crime before the courts of the country.

His burning words of eloquence, in reciting the wrongs of the Saints, when cruelly expelled from Missouri, would have enlisted the sympathy of adamantine hearts; and now to see him leagued with those bent upon bringing about a repetition of these sorrows, is an event to be truly deplored.

In answer to the Quincy committee to state what their present intentions were relative to leaving the State, the Twelve handed them the following communication:

"Nauvoo, September 24th, 1845.

"Whereas, a council of the authorities of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints, at Nauvoo have this day received a communication from Messrs.

Henry Asbury, John P.

Robins, Albert G.

Pearson, P. A. Goodwin, J.

N. Ralston, M. Rogers and E.

Congers, committee of the citizens of Quincy, requesting us to communicate in writing our disposition and intention at this time, particularly with regard to removing to some place where the peculiar organization of our Church will not be likely to engender so much strife and contention as unhappily exists at this time in Hancock and some of the adjoining counties;

"And whereas, said committee have reported to us the doings of a public meeting of the citizens of Quincy on the twenty-second inst., by which it appears there are some feelings concerning us as a people, and in relation to which sundry resolutions were passed, purporting to be for the purpose of maintaining or restoring peace to the country;

"And, whereas, it is our desire and ever has been, to live in peace with all men, so far as we can, without sacrificing the right to worship God according to the dictates of our own consciences which privilege is granted us by the Constitution of these United States;

and, whereas, we have time and again, been driven from our peaceful homes, and our women and children have been obliged to live on the prairies, in the forests, on the roads and in tents, in the dead of winter, suffering all manner of hardships—even to deadi itself—as the people of Quincy well know;

the remembrance of whose hospitality, in former days, still causes our hearts to burn with joy, and raise the prayer to heaven for blessing on their heads;

and, whereas, it is now so late in the season that it. is impossible for us, as a people, to remove this fall without causing a repetition of like sufferings;

and, whereas, it has been represented to us from other sources than those named, and even in some communications from the executive of the State, that many of the citizens of the State were unfriendly to our views and principles;

and, whereas, many scores of our houses in this country have been burned to ashes, without any justifiable cause or provocation, and we have made no resistance, till compelled by the authorities of the county so to do, and that authority not connected with our Church; and, whereas, said resistance to mobocracy, from legally constituted authority, appears to be misunderstood by some, and misconstrued by others, so as to produce an undue excitement in the public mind.

And, whereas, we desire peace above all earthly blessings "Therefore, we would say to the. committee above mentioned, and to the governor, and all the authorities and people of Illinois, and the surrounding States and Territories that we propose to leave this county next spring, for some point so remote, that there will not need be any difficulty with the people and ourselves, provided certain propositions necessary for the accomplishment of our removal shall be observed, as follows, to wit:

"That the citizens of this and surrounding counties, and all men, will use their influence and exertion to help us to sell or rent our properties, so as to get means enough that we can help the widow, the fatherless and the destitute to remove with us.

"That all men will let us alone with their vexatious law suits so that we may have time, for we have broken no laws; and help us to cash dry goeds, groceries, etc., to good oxen, beef cattle, sheep, wagons, mules, horses, harness, etc., in exchange for our property, at a fair price, and deeds given on payment, that we may have means to accomplish a removal without the suffering of the destitute to an extent beyond the endurance of human nature.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

"That all exchange of property be conducted by a committee, or by committees of both parties so that all the business may be transacted honorably and speedily.

"That we will use all lawful means, in connection with others to preserve the public peace while we tarry; and shall expect, decidedly, that we be no more molested with house burning, or any other depredations, to waste our property and time, and hinder our business.

"That it is a mistaken idea, that we have proposed to leave in six months, for that would be so early in the spring that grass may not grow, nor water run; both of which would be necessary for our removal.

But we propose to use our influence, to have no more seed time and harvest among our people in this county after gathering our present crops; and that all communications be made to us in writing.

"By order of the council, "Brigham Young, President.

"W. Richards, Clerk."The Quincy committee reported to the citizens of that city, the propositions of the Church authorities, which were regarded as satisfactory in part, but thought they were not so full or decisive as was necessary.

The mass meeting to which they reported, however, accepted the propositions and decided to recommend the people in the surrounding counties to do the same.

"But,"said the resolution, "we accept it (the proposition of the Church authorities) as an unconditional proposition to remove.

We do not intend to bring ourselves under any obligation to purchase their property or furnish purchasers for the same, but we will in no way hinder or obstruct them in their efforts to sell; and will expect them to dispose of their property, and remove at the time appointed."This mass meeting closed its business by arranging a plan for adopting a preliminary military organization for prompt future action, if occasion should demand.

On the first and second of October an anti-Mormon convention assembled at Carthage, in which nine counties, those immediately surrounding Hancock, were represented.

A committee on evidence, was appointed, of which Archibald Williams, one of the Saints'bitterest enemies, was chairman.

It was its business to collect evidence in relation to the depredations of the Mormons.

The chairman made a report to which were appended a number of affidavits, charging various crimes on the people of Nauvoo.

It is needless to say that the whole thing was an ex parte affair, and sustained by the men who had assisted in the murder of Joseph and Hyrum Smith; and it was upon their evidence the convention acted.

The convention adopted the course followed by the mass meeting at Quincy—that is, it agreed to accept the propositions of the Church authorities, to remove, in the same spirit they were received at Quincy, and proceeded to prepare a preliminary military organization to act with promptitude, provided the Saints did not remove.

The convention also, ''Resolved, that it is expected as an indispensable condition to the pacification of the county, that the old citizens be permitted to return to their homes unmolested by the present sheriff (Backenstos), and the Mormons, for anything alleged against them; any attempt on their part to arrest or prosecute such persons for pretended offenses, will inevitably lead to a renewal of the late disorder,"O. H. Browning moved the following:

"Resolved, that the Hon.

W.

N.

Purple, judge of this judicial circuit court he requested not to hold a court in Hancock County this fall;

as, in the opinion of this convention, such court could not be holden without producing a collision between the Mormons and anti-Mormons, and renewing the excitement and disturbances which have recently affected said county."And thus those guilty of mob violence and house burning were to be protected by the Carthage convention from prosecution before the courts; and those who might have the temerity to prosecute them and vindicate the law, were threatened by a renewal of that same lawless violence.

Where, then, proud State of Illinois, was your majesty!

Your honor!

Can you answer?

If you, out of very shame cannot look up and reply, history answers for you, and tells you it was trailed in the dust, under the very feet of as vile a set of traitors as ever- brought

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

the conscious blush of shame to their country's face!

And where was your virtuous populace, the true watch and guard of a state's honor?

Alas,they were blinded by the falsehoods prompted by malice and envy, and started on foot to shield the guilty murderers of innocence, or quelled by the bold front of a traitorous but successful mob.

In the meantime every exertion was made by the citizens of Nauvoo, to be ready for the great exodus in the spring.

The temple had been so far completed that a conference was held in it on the sixth of October, and committees appointed to negotiate the sale of property and attend to other branches of business.

Nauvoo presented a busy scene in those days.

Men were hurrying to and fro collecting wagons and putting them in repair; the roar of the smith's forge was well nigh perpetual, and even the stillness of night was broken by the steady beating of the sledge and the merry ringing of the anvil.

Committees were hunting up purchasers of real estate and converting both that and personal property into any thing that would be of service to those just about to plunge into an unknown and boundless wilderness.

But while these efforts were being put forth on the part of the people of Nauvoo, to fulfill their agreement with the mob forces, the conditions of removal on the part of the old settlers were frequently violated;

and instances of mob violence were almost every day occurrences.

The people, who were making preparations to leave the farms, gardens and homes they had redeemed from the wilderness, were constantly threatened with destruction by the hostile demonstrations of their heartless neighbors.

To give an earnest of the intentions of the Mormons to leave the State, where they had suffered so much, and to thereby remove all occasion for the implacable wrath of their enemies, that was so impatient that it could not wait for the spring to come, for the sacrifice of its victims, the Twelve and the High Council, with about four hundred families, crossed the Mississippi on the ice, on the eleventh of February, 1846, and were soon lost to view in the wilderness of Iowa.

Others continued to follow as fast as they could make ready, until by the latter part of April, the great body of the Church had gone.

But now, purchasers for their property failed them.

The people surrounding Nauvoo saw no need of purchasing that which inevitably must become theirs.

The result was that it became impossible for this remnant, consisting for the most part, of the destitute, the aged, infirm and sick, to remove.

And surely a people who had still any faith left in humanity, would be justified in the belief that these could remain until an asylum was found for them by their friends, who had already gone in search of new homes.

But in this, be it said, to the shame of Illinois, they were deceived.

In the adamantine hearts of their enemies, there was no mercy even for the helpless;

no pity for the sick or destitute.

In their veins the milk of human kindness had dried up.

During the preparations for the exodus,

Major Warren had been stationed with a small military force in Hancock, to keep the peace; but about the middle of

April he received orders to disband his force on the first of May, as that was adjudged by "the public expectation,"to use a phrase of Major Warren, when the last of the Mormons should have left the

State.

So soon as it was understood that there were still left in Nauvoo a number of Mormons who would likely remain through the summer.an uproar was raised in the surrounding counties, meetings were held and resolutions adopted, demanding that they leave at once, under threats of extermination.

When the governor saw this new furore breaking out, he countermanded the order for

Major Warren to disband his forces, and commended him to hold his position and to preserve the peace until he received further orders.

The new impetus given to mob violence, however, was not to spend its force without perpetrating some outrage, and a number of cowardly attacks were made upon Mormons.

On the eleventh of May, Major Warren found it

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

necessary to issue a circular from which we make the following extract:

The undersigned again deems it his duty to appear before you in a circular.

It may not be known to all of you, that the day after my detachment was disbanded at Carthage,

I received orders from the executive to muster them into service again, and remain in the county until further orders.

I have now been in Nauvoo with my detachment a week, and can say to you with perfect assurance that the demonstrations made by the Mormon population, are unequivocal.

They are leaving the State, and preparing to leave, with every means that God and nature has placed in their hands. * * * The anti-Mormons desire the removal of the Mormons;

this is being effected peaceably and with all possible dispatch.

All aggressive movements, therefore, against them at this time, must be actuated by a wanton desire to shed blood, or to plunder.

A man of near sixty years of age, living about seven miles from this place, was taken from his house a few nights since, stripped of his clothing, and his back cut to pieces with a whip, for no other reason than because he was a

Mormon,and too old to make successful resistance.

Conduct of this kind would disgrace a horde of savages.

To the Mormons I would say, go on with your preparations and leave as fast as you can.

Leave the fighting to be done by my detachment.

If we are overpowered, then recross the river and defend yourselves and property.

To those busy trying to raise mob forces, principally Squire M'Calla and Colonel Levi Williams, Major Warren gave warning that a previous order to the effect that not more than four armed men, other than State troops, should assemble together, would be enforced; and that any mob which assembled would be dispersed; his force or the mob would leave the field in double quick time.

This had the effect of quieting matters down for a season, but only until the detachment of Major Warren's was disbanded.

A meeting was held at Carthage on the sixth of June, to make preparations for celebrating the fourth of July, the Nation's natal day.

It was suggested at that meeting that, as all the Mormons had not left the state, the people of Hancock county could not be considered free;

and under those ciscumstances, they ought not to celebrate the fourth with the usual rejoicings. The meeting was therefore adjourned to meet on the twelfth, for the purpose of taking into consideration why it was that all Mormons had not left the city of Nauvoo.

That happened to be the day fixed by the governor on which to raise volunteers for the Mexican war, which, in the meantime, had broken out; so that there was considerable excitement among the militia of Hancock county on that day, and the mob leaders doubtless thought the time propitious for making a demonstration against the Mormons still remaining in Nauvoo.

A large body of men were found willing to march into the city of the Saints, but it was learned that the new citizens who had purchased much of the property of the now exiled

Saints, were unwilling to allow the mob forces to enter the city, and meeting this unexpected opposition, the mob forces marched to Golden's point, distant from Nauvoo some five or six miles down the river.

At this juncture, Stephen Markham returned to Nauvoo from the camp of the Apostles for some

Church property;

but it was rumored that he had returned with a large body of men, and as Markham's name was a terror among the enemies of the Saints, the mob took to flight, though no one was in pursuit.

It was a case of the wicked fleeing, when no man pursued.

The committee at Quincy having control of the mob forces, either chagrined by the cowardice of those who had collected at Golden's Point, or appalled at the prospect of innocent blood being found upon their skirts, retired from the position which had been assigned them.

This disorganized the mob and they dispersed to their homes, but agreed to assemble again at the call of their leaders;

and laid an injunction upon the Mormons in Nauvoo not to go outside of the city limits, except in making their way westward.

This order of the mob was disregarded by a party of new citizens and a few Saints who went into the country several miles, to harvest a field of grain.

While engaged in their work, they were surrounded by a mob and captured.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

They were robbed of their arms, stripped of their clothing, and cruelly beaten with hickory goads.

This outrage created intense excitement in Nauvoo,and the new citizens and Saints made common cause in bringing the perpetrators of it to justice.

But while the parties accused of the crime were under arrest in the hands of the officers, a second party, consisting of P. H.

Young and his son, Richard Ballantyne, James Standing and Mr.

Herring were kidnapped, and held by their tormentors fourteen days, during which time they were constantly threatened with death.

They finally escaped, however, and returned to Nauvoo.

The parties accused of making the assault on those in the harvest field, took a change of venue to Quincy.but whether they were ever brought to trial or not, I cannot learn, but think they were not.

Among those arrested for attacking the party of harvesters was Major M'Calla; and in his possession was found a gun taken from the party.

The gun was recognized by several parties, among whom was Wm, Pickett, and taken from him.

The mobbersthen and there made out a charge of stealing, and got out warrants for the arrest of Pickett, Furness and Clifford.

Pickett, it would seem, had incurred the hatred of the mob, and they desired to get him into their power.

Word was brought to him by a friend that the warrant was merely a subterfuge to get him into the hands of his enemies;

consequently, when one John Carlin, a special constable from Carthage, undertook to arrest him, he asked if he would guarantee his safety; being answered in the negative, he resisted the officer and would not be taken. Though it is claimed that afterwards, in company with several friends he went before the magistrate of Green Plains, who, it was said, issued the warrant for his arrest.

But as he had no record of the warrant he refused to put him under arrest.

The other parties accused were acquitted on examination.

The mob now, however, saw an opportunity to accomplish their full purpose of destroying the city of Nauvoo.

An officer had been resisted by a citizen, and his fellow citizens approved his course. "Nauvoo was in rebellion against the laws!"Carlin issued a proclamation calling upon the citizens to come as a posse comifatiis, to assist him in executing the law.

And to his clarion call "There was mounting in hot haste the steed:

The mustering squadron and the clattering car, Went pouring Forth with impetuous speed,

And swiftly forming in the ranks of war."

The old mob forces were soon assembled at Carthage, and the command given to Captain Singleton.

The citizens of Nauvoo petitioned the governor for protection, and he sent to them Major J. R. Parker, with a force of ten men from Fulton county, and also authorized him to take command of such forces as might volunteer to defend the city against any attacks that might be threatened.

He was also empowered "to pursue, and in aid of any peace officer with a proper warrant, arrest the rioters who may threaten or attempt such an attack, and bring them to trial;"and to assist with an armed posse any peace officer in making an arrest, and with a like force to guard the prisoners during the trial, and as long as he believed them in danger of mob violence.

The commission bears date August 24, 1S46.

Thus equipped, Major Parker went to

Nauvoo and issued a proclamation calling upon the mobs then collecting, in the name of the people of Illinois, and by virtue of the authority vested in him by the governor of the State to disperse.

The issue, then, was no longer between the mob forces and the Mormons; it was between the recognized authority of the

State and this lawless banditti.

Major Parker also announced that he was authorized and prepared to assist the proper officers in serving any writs in their hands.

In answer to this proclamation, Carlin issued a counter one to the effect that if he met with resistance from Parker, he would consider his detachment as a mob, and proceed accordingly. To which Parker replied, if the forces under Carlin undertook to enter Nauvoo, he would treat them as a mob.

Parker also wrote

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

to Singleton, and expressed a desire to bring about a settlement of the difficulty without shedding blood.

To this communication Singleton replied that in Parker's propositions he saw nothing looking to the expulsion of the remnant of the Mormon people left in Nauvoo, and "that is,"said he "a sine qua non with us."It will be remembered that Carlin's professed object in calling for a posse was to arrest William Pickett; but now something more is demanded—the immediate removal of the Mormons, the surrender of Nauvoo, etc. Singleton concluded his terms to Parker, the representative of the Governor of the State, in these words:

"When I say to you, the Mormons must go, I speak the mind of the camp and the country.

They can leave without force or injury to themselves or their property; but

I say to you, sir,with all candor, they shall go—they may fix the time within sixty days, or I will fix it for them.

At this juncture a committee of one hundred, which had been appointed by the citizens of Ouincy, arrived on the scene, to act—ostensibly—as mediators, to bring about a peaceful solution of the trouble;

but one cannot help thinking their true mission was to insidiously carry out the project of the mob.

But we leave the reader to draw his own inference respecting that, when he hears the terms proposed by that committee, and which all classes of citizens in Nauvoo,seeing no alternative, accepted.

The terms offered were that the Mormons move out of the city, or disperse within sixty days.

A force of twenty- five to remain in the city during that time, half the expense of maintaining them was to be paid by the people of Nauvoo; for which amount they were to give bond; that the

Mormons surrender their arms, which should be returned to them after they left the State; that as soon as those arms were surrendered, the forces under Singleton were to disperse;

that all hostilities cease between the respective parties as soon as the agreement was accepted.

The singularity about this agreement is that not one word is said about giving up Pickett, to arrest whom the forces under Singleton were ostensibly called out.

Does it not reveal the fact that the Pickett episode was merely an excuse—a pretext for gathering a mob to sack Nauvoo and drive away the

Mormons?

This proposed settlement, however, was rejected by the mob forces.

It did not sufficiently gratify their implacable hatred.

They did, in very deed, as the

Prophet foretold his people they would, thirst for the blood of every manin whose heart dwelt a single spark of the spirit of the fulness of the Gospel.

But when they rejected these terms, Singleton and other leaders left them; saying the Mormons had done all that could be required of them.

On the retirement of Singleton and others, the command of the mob was given to Thomas S. Brockman, a Cambellite preacher, known familiarly as "Old Tom,"among his followers.

He at once went into active preparations for bombarding the city; and with a force of more than one thousand men, and six pieces of cannon, took up a position about one mile east of the city, in a corn field just at the head of Mulholland street, and not far from the house of Squire D. H. Wells.

From this position Brockman issued the terms upon which he would grant peace.

The terms he offered were much more cruel than those proposed by the

Ouincy committee, and therefore were rejected by the people of Nauvoo, both by Mormon and non-Mormon.

Brockman addressed his insolent terms of peace to "the commanding officer of Nauvoo, and the trustees of the Mormon Church."

The "commanding officer"was Major Clifford, who had succeeded Major Parker in that position.

He was vested with the governor's commission as Parker had been, and it was to this representative of Illinois'Executive that the demand of Brockman to surrender the city, and stack his arms was addressed; so that he and his mob forces were pitted against the laws and lawful authority of the State, and we shall see, as we proceed, how mobs were more powerful than the State authorities;

or rather, how the lawful authorities of

45Q THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

the State were so lost to all sense of shame, so recreant to the trust reposed in them, so neglectful of the honor and dignity of the State, that they permitted their own representatives to be driven in disgrace from the field by the mob led by Brockman:

and furthermore, those same authorities were so lost to every principle of humanity, that they permitted the helpless and unoffending people to be driven from their homes out into the wilderness to perish from exposure.

But, to return to our narative:

The citizens of Nauvoo were not willing to allow Brockman's mob to enter the city without making some effort to prevent him; and although their forces numbered not more than three or four hundred, they presented a determined front to the mob.

They converted some steam-boat shafts into cannon—five pieces in all—and threw up some fortifications on the north of Mulholland street, facing the mob's camp.

These works were under the command of Captain Lamareux.

On the south of Mulholland street, the companies of Gates and Cutler were stationed.

On September ioth.nthand 12th, there was some desultory firing on both slides, without much advantage being gained.

On the thirteenth, however, the mob forces advanced in solid column, making a desperate effort to reach Mulholland street, the principal street leading into Nauvoo from the east.

If the onset was desperate, the resistance was equally determined.

The main shock of the conflict was sustained for a time by Gates'and Cutler's companies, and they must inevitably have been overpowered by the superior numbers of the mob, had not Squire Wells came up with Lamareux's company to reinforce them.

The doughty Squire had ridden across an open field exposed to the fire of the enemy, to where Lamareux's company lay behind their fortifications.

He called upon them to advance at once to check the approach of the mob. There was one brave spirit who needed no second call to perform his duty.

That was William Anderson, captain of what was known as the Spartan Band.

He leaped from behind the trenches and calling on his band to follow, started for the front.

The rest of Lamareux's company did not so readily respond, and manifested a disposition to retreat rather than advance.

Squire Wells observing this, and seeing

Anderson and his few brave followers rushing headlong into the conflict, raised in his stirrups, and swinging his hat shouted:

"Hurrah for Anderson!

Who wouldn't follow the brave Anderson!"This rallied their spirits, and they followed the Squire to the front, where they were soon firing at the enemy as steadily as their comrades.

The mob forces by this time had nearly reached Mulholland street, but now they recoiled from the rapid firing of the reinforcements and beat a retreat to the house of oneCarmichael, but a short distance from Squire Wells'house.

Here they waited until wagons came from their camp, and putting their dead and wounded into them, returned to where they were encamped in the morning.

The number of killed and wounded of the mob has never been ascertained, as the facts were kept concealed.

The intrepid Anderson and his equally brave son, a lad not more than fifteen years of age, fell in the engagement;

and one Morris was killed by a cannon ball while crossing a field.

Negotiations were now renewed, and the citizens of Nauvoo, seeing that the

State authorities rendered them no assistance, but permitted even their own authority to be braved by a lawless mob, and knowing that they would eventually be overpowered, accepted the following terms of settlement, in order to stop the further effusion of blood:

1. The city of Nauvoo will surrender.

The force of Col. Brockman to enter and take possession of the city to-morrow, the seventeenth of September, at three o'clock p. m.

2. The arms to be delivered to the Quincy committee, to be returned on the crossing of the river.

3. The Quincy committee pledge themselves to use their influence for the protection of persons and property from all violence, and the officers of the camp and the men pledge themselves to protect all persons and property from violence.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

4. The sick and helpless to be protected and treated with humanity.

5. The Mormon population of the city to leave the State or disperse as soon as they can cross the river.

6. Five men, including the Trustees of the Church, and five clerks, with their families (Wm.

Pickett not one of the number) to be permitted to remain in the city, for the disposition of property, free from all molestation and personal violence.

7.

Hostilities to cease immediately, and ten men of the Quincy committee to enter the city, in the execution of their duty as soon as they think proper.

These terms of capitulation were signed on the part of the citizens of Nauvoo, by Almon W.

Babbitt, Joseph L.

Heywood and John S. Fullmer; and on the part of the mob by Thomas S. Brockman and John

Carlin; and by Andrew Johnson on behalf of the Quincy committee.

The rest of my story is soon told.

There was a hasty flight of the Mormon population and a number of the new citizens who had assisted in the defense of Nauvoo.

They left their homes without being able to carry with them anything for their comfort.

The sick, aged and infirm, together with the youth, without regard to sex or condition, shared the same fate; they had to lie out on the Mississippi bottoms where many perished through exposure, and beyond all doubt, all would have famished from hunger, had not their camp been filled with innumerable flocks of quail, so tame that women and children caught hundreds of them in their hands, and thus was the cry of hunger relieved.

Brockman and his forces entered the city, and once in, he insolently violated every condition of the treaty of surrender.

But lest I should be charged with inaccuracy, I quote from the report made by Mr.

Brayman to Governor Ford.

Brayman had acted as the Governor's agent, for some time, in a secret capacity from the commencement of the difficulties at Nauvoo, and the following abstract is from an elaborate report he gives of the final struggle for the defense of the city.

I trust I shall be excused for introducing so lengthy a quotation near the close of an article already too long.

But the fact that I have never seen the matter reproduced in any of our books, encourages me to insert it here:

The force of Gen. Brockman marched into the city at three o'clock.

From fifteen hundred to two thousand men marched in procession, through the city, and encamped on the south side, near the river.

The march was conducted without the least disorder or trespass upon persons or property.

The streets were deserted the obnoxious persons had left the city, leaving but little to provoke the resentment of the victors.

But a few Mormons remained in the city, and these were hastening their preparations for crossing the river as soon as possible.

On my return from Carthage to the city, about noon, I learned that the Quincy committee had closed its labors at sunrise and had left for home, leaving a sub-committee to complete the reception and delivery of the arms of those Mormons who had not yet departed.

I also learned that in addition to the duty Gen. Brockman had assumed, under the treaty, of superintending the removal of the Mormons from the State, he had issued an order for the expulsion from the State, of all who had borne arms in defence of the city against his force,and all who were in any manner identified with the Mormons.

It could scarcely be believed that such an order in such palpable and gross violation of the unanimous pledge which had been signed by the officers, agreed to by the whole force, and endorsed by the Quincy committee, had been given.

But on applying to Gen.

Brockman, I learned that such an order had been given, and would be executed.

This order was rigorously enforced throughout the day,with many circumstances of the utmost cruelty and injustice.

Bands of armed men traversed the city, entering the houses of citizens, robbing them of arms, throwing their household goods out of doors, insulting them, and threatening their lives.

Many were seized and marched to the camp, and after military examination, set across the river, for the crime of sympathizing with the Mormons, or the still more heinous offense of fighting in the defence of the city, under command of officers commissioned by YOU, (Governor Ford), and instructed to make that defence.

It is, indeed, painfully true, that many citizens of this State, have been driven from it by an armed force, because impelled by our encouragement, and a sense of duty, they have bravely defended their homes and the homes of their neighbors from the assaults of a force assembled for unlawful purposes.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

In the face of the pledge given to protect persons and property from all violence, (excepting of course Mormon persons and property), it may be estimated that nearly one half of the new citizens of Nauvoo have been forced from their homes and dare not return.

Thus far, these citizens have appealed in vain for protection and redress.

It remains yet to be seen whether there is efficacy in the law, power in the executive arm, or potency in public opinion sufficient to right their grievous wrongs.

It is disgraceful to the character of the State, and a humiliation not to be borne, to permit a military leader, acting without a shadow of lawful authority, but in violation of law and right, not only to thwart the will of the executive, but to impose upon citizens the penalty of banishment, for acting under it.* Was this arch traitor, Brockman, hung for his treason against the State?

No;

nor even tried or questioned, neither he nor his followers. Perhaps it was thought that an investigation might reveal the fact to the world that many high officials, and chief among them the governor of the State, had been engaged in an unlawful conspiracy to drive from Illinois an innocent community, whose rights they had not the moral courage to defend against the fierce attacks of lawless mobs, whose hands were crimson in the blood of innocence; and who repeatedly trampled the honor and dignity of the State under their feet.

After a time the most of the new citizens returned to the homes they had purchased for little or nothing from the now exiled founders of the beautiful city.

But Nauvoo never prospered under its new masters.

Out of sympathy for those who had redeemed it from a wilderness, and some portions of it from a swamp, its fields and gardens refused to yield in their strength to the industry of other hands.

Its decline was as rapid and disastrous, as its rise had been sudden and glorious.

A French communistic society had purchased considerable property in the deserted city, and into their hands passed the splendid temple the Saints at such sacrifice had erected.

Externally, the building had been completed in the spring *The Hancock Mob, by J. B.

Conyers, M.

D., pp. 73. 74of 1846, even to the gilding of the angel and the trumpet at the top of the spire.

The main court of worship was also prepared, and on the first and second of May, 1846, under the direction of Apostle

Orson Hyde, the edifice was publicly dedicated, according to the order of the

Holy Priesthood, revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

The temple was always a source of envy to the enemies of the Saints, and it was feared that if it continued to stand it would be a bond between its exiled builders and the city from which they had been cruelly driven, and an inducement for them to return.

On the tenth of November, 184S, an incendiary, therefore, set it on fire, and the tower was destroyed, and the whole building so shattered, that on the twenty-seventh of May, 1850, a tornado blew down the north wall.

I was informed by M. M.

Morrill, who at the time of my visit was mayor of Nauvoo, and, by the way, one who had assisted in its defence when attacked by the mob, that one Joseph Agnew, confessed to beingthe incendiary.

Finally all the walls were pulled down and the stone hauled away for building purposes, until now, not one stone stands upon another.

Even the very foundation has been cleared away, and the excavation for the basement filled up and the site covered with inferior buildings.

At the time of my visit, in the summer of 1885, the population of Nauvoo numbered about seventeen hundred, ninetenths of whom were Germans.

The principal occupation is grape growing, vineyards covering some portions of the cfty plat, which was once the principal business center.

The whole place has a half deserted, half dilapidated appearance, and seems to be withering under a blight, from which it refuses to recover.

Such is the fate of Nauvoo, which once promised to be the first city of Illinois, and, beyond all question, would have been such, had there been sufficient virtue and honor in the State of Illlinois to have protected its founders in their rights.

What did become of the exiled founders?

Did they perish in the wilderness, as

FIVE DAYS ON THE LAKE:

45;

their enemies fondly hoped they would?

No; God was with them, and under Him they have founded not only a greater city, but a commonwealth also, and are moving rapidly forward to fill their high destiny, which is to become the preservers of their country and of the liberties and rights of man.

B. H. Roberts.

FIVE DAYS ON THE LAKE.

The true size of the Great Salt Lake is not appreciated until, at the expiration of a week's cruising over its surface, you return to port, having failed to explore many of its arms and bays, or devote more than a passing glance to its several islands.

At Centerville, the fifteen miles of water lying between the east shore and Antelope Island—a width by the way, as great as the widest part of Long

Island Sound—make a respectable stretch of water, but there is another stretch of equal width, approximately, between Antelope and Carrington Islands, and still another one of the same width between Carrington Island and the west shore.

It is when you get behind Antelope and Stansbury's

Islands, or way up on the west side of the distant Promontory, that you sense the magnificent proportions of the Lake.

When at the mouth of the desert on the farther shore, you behold yourself confronted with a golden stream of sand, stretching back at almost a dead level, farther than the eye can reach, and by black hills, upon which a scrubby growth of cast-iron brush endeavors to lend its aid to a desolate scene; when you realize that there is not a drop of fresh water along that parched shore, except in the keg in your boat; where the prevailing silence and unbroken stillness of the scene remind you that there is not a village nearer than the slopes of the Wasatch, whose hazy peaks fringe the eastern horizon, you are pretty apt to appreciate the magnitude of the great inland sea.

The waters over which the harmonious sounds of the Garfield orchestra, or on whose bouyant bosom the hilarious bathers float, are exceptional in their experiences, for it is the rule, and particularly so on the distant shores of the western desert, that the waves hear no sound save their own ripple on the beach or their ominous roar on the breakers.

A party of four, consisting of Captain

D. L. Davis, Messrs. Fred. Lambourne,

Douglas Swan and the writer, boarded a Garfield train on a very pleasant morning in June.

We were soon at our railroad destination and hard at work at the preparatory labors of the voyage.

The boat was high on the beach, its mast and rudder unstepped, and its holds full of water. New stays were attached in place of worn out ones, the tackle was arranged, the sails bent, the water pumped out, and at an expenditure of considerable energy, the boat was forced along her way into the water.

Then came the shipping of the cargo, a heterogeneous collection of bedding, overcoats, bread boxes, mess chests, field glasses, water kegs, and, it should not be forgotten, a faded cotton umbrella, the companion of other voyagers and the much abused property of the artist, which, by the way, having been hidden on one occasion, was the source of much lamentation on the part of its owner, who supposed it lost overboard.

It was not until five in the afternoon that everything was ataunto, and we pointed our prow for Stansbury's, or Kimball's Island.

The boat, the Cambria, is the property of Captain Davis, whose guests we were.

She is a catamaran or double-keeled vessel, and it appears from certain newspaper statements in the possession of the captain, the first of her class ever built in America.

Take a boat of ordinary shape and divide it lengthwise, make the two halves water-tight, place them four or five feet apart, build a deck from side to side and steer astern, step the mast in the ordinary way, and rig up two rudders, worked by a single tiller,

FIVE DAYS ON THE LAKE.

attach a bowsprit, and use mainsail, topsail, and foresail—and you will have a boat of the Cambria class.

She is a very aafe boat, and has demonstrated herself to be very fast.

She is also comfortable, since instead of the sloping sides and narrow bottom of the ordinary craft, we find a deck of convenient size for making beds fora half dozen people.

It is true there is no cabin, this could be had only with a larger boat. An ordinary iron kettle, with holes cut into the sides, near the bottom, and wired to a zinc stoveboard, the invention of our genial skipper, was the ship's stove. A few kindlings thrown into the kettle would boil water or fry meat or potatoes in a few seconds.

The offices of the boat were distributed naturally.

The command fell to the owner of the boat, who has no doubt cruised around the Lake more than any living man.

Mr. Swan, an experienced navigator, was mate.

But inasmuch as there was no one on board who could cook as well as the skipper.to him and to the mate, the most proficient, fell the responsible and important duties of cooking.

Mr.

Lambourne's attention was chiefly absorbed by the umbrella, but in general, he was classed as a passenger, and was invaluable in pointing out the finer scenes and cloud effects, which might otherwise have escaped our notice.

To the writer fell the onerous duties of crew, whose chief function when not observing the captain at the tiller, or the mate preparing dinner, was to pump bilge water from the hold, through the lee scupper, or listen to the welcome rhapsodies of the artist over the combinations of colors with which nature is so lavish on the lake.

Garfield faded from sight, darkness settled on the scene, and the boat sailed steadily onward, plunging slightly under the influence of a swell, left by the previous day's storm.

The roll was decidedly unpleasant to the novices and produced a spirit of unrest in the region of the gastric juices.

The artist in particular, sought communion with himself, and could with difficulty be aroused from his condition of brooding silence.

The moon rose, the annoying swell was left behind, and after a beautiful sail of a few hours, we heard the sound of waters breaking against a rocky point of Stansbury's, under the influence of the breeze.

The sound, though gentle, compared with the roaring of the storm waves, was yet an unpleasant sound to the amateur mariner approaching an unknown shore, whose rugged outlines were just revealed by the dim light of the mist-covered moon.

We sailed cautiously in toward the shore, until finding ourselves sheltered behind the point whence came the sound of breaking waters, we cast anchor, and at midnight retired to rest, our sleep undisturbed, save by the swinging cordage, or the necessity of pumping out the holds once or twice during the night.

With a clear sky as a canopy, the moon as a watch, and a gently rocking boat as a cradle, our lodgings were superb.

The next morning the bold, rugged outlines of the island, and the details of its uninviting slopes were before us.

Scrub brush, a few scrub bushes, affording what Stansbury, in his report refers to as "umbrageous"shade, volcanic rocks and silence!

The Island is, however, more bold in outline than any of its sister islands; and as we drifted up its eastern shore under the impetus of a lazy breeze, the changing panorama now and then presented headlands of such scenic excellence as to entice the pencil of the artist, and command the attention of the party.

It is when drifting along the deeper lake, away from the annoying gnats, removed from the hampering conventionalities of bath houses and bathing suits, and the mud of alleged beaches, that the bather can enjoy the delights of lake bathing in their fulness.

Swimming around the boat or away from it, if it go slowly, or spurting to keep up with it, or clinging to the rudder braces if it go faster, are the incidents of a deep water boat bath.

There is, I believe, no fresh water on Stansbury's Island, save that flowing from a driven well on the west side, near its only house.

When the lake is low, you may cross dry shod from the mainland west of Grantsville,

FIVE DAYS ON THE LAKE.

to the island, while, even at high water, there is no trouble in fording.

The only sign of life we saw on the eastern slope, were a few stunted horses, threading their way with a disconsolate air through the brush and boulders that beset their path.

West of the northern point of Stansbury, are the Sand Islands, invisible at a few miles distance, on account of their low elevation. They are the home of the gulls.

As we rounded the point, the breeze freshened, and we stood up the lake in a north, north-easterly direction for the west side of Carrington's

Island, ten miles distant.

This island is of a nature quite different from Stansbury's.

It is "smooth, free from rugged precipices and brush, and is approximately round.

Its highest point is not more than two hundred and fifty feet in elevation, is near the centre, from which the ground slopes off evenly in all directions to the shore.

Running out from the southern shore is a narrow neck of sand, connecting a larger sand area with the mainland.

Here are the nests of numerous gulls, who set up an angry outcry in chorus, at our invasion, for, attracted by the novel sight we beached the boat and walked up among the nests of the colony.

We. did not delay long here;

we could not, since our destination for the night was Strong's knob.on the west shore, twenty-five miles distant, northwest from Carrington's.

The wind was beginning to blow quite fresh, and so, setting all sail, we rounded the point of the island and steered through for what is supposed to be the Knob, almost lost below the western horizon.

Darkness was creeping on, and we were obliged to forego a visit to Hat Island, a small piece of land a few miles north of Carrington's.

The strong breeze on the quarter blew white caps on the waves, and caused the speedy craft to fairly fly through the water.

We were now in a part of the lake invisible to dwellers on the east shore; a part enclosed by the islands and the promontory on one side, and by the mountains of the west shore on the other.

To the north, the lake stretched away to Monument Point on the Central Pacific;

to the south, it ran far down into Skull Valley.

Although the breeze was stiff enough to make a landsman cry, "Hold, enough!"yet the prospect of reaching the end of our proposed voyage for the day, at some hour of the night, and of not being compelled to set a watch and drift idly along during the entire night, was not without its comfort.

As it was, two of us "turned,"while the others kept the staunch little vessel on her course.

It was then that our vocalist, who sings always sweetly, unlike his feathered namesake, who sings sweetly but once in his life, turned loose on a repertoire of nautical, Scotch, classical and popular songs, that made the evening extremely pleasant.

Why, one could almost imagine himself a sailor, out on that great expanse of water, scudding through the waves, and lending his tuneless voice to help along the Larboard

Watch, Nancy Lee and the Midshipmate.

The writer fell asleep later in the evening, with the objective shore far in advance; but was awakened by the earnest conversation of the men at the "wheel,"and looking up, was surprised to see that we were flying with railroad speed along a shore to the south.

We soon hove to, between Strong's knob and the mainland;

and having cast over both anchors, at one o'clock a.m. went to bed, interested in what the morrow would develop as to our surroundings.

The morrow came.

South of us was the precipitous and mountainous shore of the lake; to the west the "mouth of the desert;"north, the lake, and at a distance of two miles from us, at the shore, Strong's knob; connected with the mainland in the days of the Stansbury expedition, in 1849.

After breakfast, we put out to the Knob, secured the boat, waded ashore and ascended to the summit, at an elevation of seven hundred feet.

The summit was surmounted by a "crows nest,"or pile of rocks upon which there had once been erected a tripod of timber, forming a station used in the survey of the lake by Stansbury.

The timbers have now fallen, but still

FIVE DAYS ON THE LAKE.

contain some rough wrought iron nails, said to have been made in Salt Lake City, in 1849.

The view, from here was comprehensive;

being chiefly interesting in the direction of the desert. The west shore, unlike I had always pictured it, is skirted with mountains of respectable height, except at the "mouth of the desert,"where a river of shining sand, at first enclosed between the hills, stretches back from the shallow and irregular shores of the lake.

Further back it widens, and finally, at the horizon, reaches a width of scores of miles.

It is well called, the "mouth of the desert, "for the great Yellow River of China could not more naturally flow into the lake, than does that stream of sand. A curious feature of the desert, is a mountain chain of approximately fifteen miles in length, that springs up like an island in its midst.

It is not difficult to conceive that this chain was once an island, since, it is said, the lake recedes upon the desert a mile for each four inches that it rises.

To the north about ten miles, is Gunnison Island, the scenic gem of the lake, to which, in the afternoon we sailed.

Gunnison Island is an irregular, four pronged star, with several fine bays around its shores.

It is small, very small, indeed, not more than three quarters of a mile at its greatest length. The north point, rising gently from the south, but being a precipice on the north, it reaches an elevation of three or four hundred feetand is surmounted as usual with a "crows nest;"and in this instance, a perfect tripod.

The east bay, is semicircular in shape, quite large, extremely regular, and has a lovely beach.

The island is interesting, not only because of its topography, but largely because of the gulls and penguins that at all seasons of the year make their home here, and which, at the time of our visit, were nesting.

Clouds of screechkng gulls circled around our heads at every foot-step, flocks of penguins rushed together in fear, and upon approach, rose and settled upon the waters of the little bay;

the newly hatched gulls, fearful of trouble, hid their heads ostrich like, in the shrubs and rocks, and even endeavored to crawl under our feet to seek safety from the intruders.

The little gulls were beautiful with their cream coats, speckled black; but the infant penguins were extremely revolting, some of them being as large as a shanghai rooster and as bare as a piece of raw beef.

The nests.of both birds are built upon the ground, and consist of a little sand and a few sticks, forming a basin deep enough only to protect the two or three eggs they contain, from falling out.

That night the wind blew a gale from the north, and in the morning had not materially abated.

The waves were running very high, much higher than we anticipated, but the Captain had unlimited confidence in the boat, and we had unlimited confidence in the captain, so we put out for the Promontory, twenty-five miles away.

The waves were the height of a man, and the stress of weather was such, necessitating the furling of the foresail, and a double reef in the mainsail, that I believe no boat in the lake, except the Cambria, no style of small boat, except a catamaran, would have successfully withstood it.

We shipped a little water now and then, but comparatively the Cambria is wonderfully dry in gusty weather.

The Promontory was touched, and a slow run made down to the lower end en

Fremont's or Miller's Island. Here Judge U.

.J Wenner, once a Liberal nominee for the Salt Lake County Probate judgeship is located. He has sought the seclusion and invigoration of a rustic island life with the hope of regaining his lost health, and it seems that his hopes are to be realized. With him is his noble little wife and their two children, who have cheerfully banished themselves from the world, that their husband and father may live.

Mrs Wenner, at the date of our visit, had not been off the island for six months.

She has furnished her humble little dwelling without luxury, but with that good judgment in the selection of every particle of furniture, every book or picture, which comes of refinement and correct taste.

The

SEEK A REWARD.

judge has a number of sheep and has been able to make some headway at agriculture, because of a number of flowing wells.

This island was visited by Fremont, accompanied by Kit Carson in 1842.

The former mentions having lost the cap off the case of one of his instruments, on the highest point of the island—and many people have sought to recover a memento of such value; the inhabitants having been particularly energetic in this search.

In the evening we sailed down to Church or Antelope Island, and were skirting down its eastern shore in search of shelter, when darkness and a dead calm set in, and we cast anchor in the open lake about midnight and slept peacefully until morning.

The next day we cruised on down the Island, past the old Island House, where a half dozen boys were putting up hay; past a number of excellent beaches, around the southern point, and across to Garfieid, in time to get the boat stowed away and to catch the evening bathing train for Salt Lake.

Boating will some day be popular upon the lake;

it is large enough to attract the genuine lover of the sea, and to permit of yacht races of respectable length.

The opportunity not only of boating, but cruising on our inland sea will yet be classed among the attractions of this inter-mountain region.

R. W. Young.

SEEK A REWARD.

'Tis early morning as I sit here at my window watching the golden sun slowly rise above the mountain tops, and listening to the sweet songsters of the forest just beginning their day's work, and warbling such sweet notes; and the cocks just calling up the traveler and the toiler.

I seem to be filled with a spirit of love for all mankind, but more especially for my Creator.

Oh, how merciful and how good is God!

How beautiful is this earth! How wicked are many of the people!

We have trials to endure but we have a reward to gain;

and how few of us care for the reward if only we can escape the trials; but how trifling are these trials compared with the great reward, salvation.

What a word is that, oh, how great, how comforting!

What boots it if the path of life is rugged and its steeps are hard to climb? The earth also is rugged and its steeps are hard to climb, but as God has given us power to mount these great heights of nature so will He give us power to mount the rugged steps of life; and grateful ought we to be to Him that He has given us trials, by which to gain a reward, for rewards given, not earned, are little appreciated.

I had a dream one day, not in my sleep, but a waking dream, and if you like I will tell you of it.

'Twas a lovely afternoon and the sky was as blue as ever, and the air was fragrant with the scent of flowers; and the melodious song of the meadow-lark, the thrush and the humming bird, rang sweetly in my ear;

the earth was so beautiful with its waving grass, its flowers, its lakes and streams, its mountains and dells.

All nature seemed to'join in praise to the Creator and my soul joined harmoniously with nature.

As I strolled along, I stopped near a cool and silvery stream and there pillowed my head on the turf and sank into a sweet reverie.

There in a lovely valley, where all was happiness and joy, were collected from all parts beautiful little children.

Surely, thought I, this must be the vale of my childhood's dream, this must be fairyland, for they are all so happy and so beautiful, and so perfect and so good.

As I watched I saw a portal where the little ones had entered, and I beheld a weary young traveler, standing as though waiting for admission;

presently a dear, kind old man walked to the portal and opened it.

"May I come in,"the child asked, "I am so tired, for I have carried this lame back all my life and my legs are so weak

THE MANATEE.

and weary, and I want a little rest!"The old man opened wide the gate, and said "Come in, my dear young friend, you have earned the rest you seek, and you shall find it here."He entered and his weakness seemed to leave him and his lame back grew strong, and then I lost sight of him in this beautiful throng, for he grew like the rest and he joined in the dance and the sports and pastimes, and all seemed happiness again.

Presently the portal opened again and a little girl softly felt her way along until she touched the dear old man.

Then she said, "Please, sir, may I come in.

I am very weary, and my way is so hard to go, for I am blind?"The old man kissed the little child and said, "Come, my darling, and I will show you such lovely sights and you shall join with my merry children in the dance."But the little girl said, "O master, I cannot see these lovely sights, for I have been blind all my life, and I have so longed to see the dear blessed earth and sky, and the many pretty things of nature;"and the old man answered, "Yes, my child, you have endured much and now we will throw away the mist from your eyes and you shall enter and join with the children."She entered the gate and saw the pretty sights, and joined in the dance, and I lost sight of her for she become like the rest.

So again and again the gate opened and others were ushered in, yet none entered with a burden, all those were left behind.

Some laid down bundles of sorrow they had borne, but all burdens, great and small, were left behind, and all who entered became blithe and merry, and joined in the dance and true enjoyment of the beautiful place.

Once I looked when the old man was talking earnestly with one • whom, it seemed, could not enter.

What is this, thought I, the child is beautiful and yet she cannot enter.

In a moment I heard the old man say, "My child, you have no burden, you do not even sorrow for those you have left behind, go back to the world and earn a reward.

Tarry longer on the earth, and you will meet with sorrows, and many will be the rocks that fall in your way, and when you come again you shall have the reward that you have earned."The child turned away, little caring for she had no sorrow or burden, and of course she was light, free and happy, but this had been the first rebuff, this was the first rough place in her path, but she stumbled many a time on her way, for I watched her as far as the eye could reach.

I seemed to lay in a trance, and for a long, long time I watched the happy throng.

As I looked, again the portal opened and the old man laid his hand upon the little child that he had sent back to earn her reward.

I heard her softly whisper, "Oh master, let me in, I am so very weary now.

I went back and found my way so hard.

Many taunted me and called me proud and vain and wicked, and I had become so, but no one ever told me and I did not know that it was wrong till I came here, but I bore the taunts and I tried to overcome my pride and vanity, and now may I come in?"The old man gently took the burden from the child and ushered her into the valley of happiness, and she joined in the happy dance and pastimes.

A mist came before me now, and the joyous scene passed from before me.

For a long time I lay almost insensible, then I arose and thanked God for what I had seen.

Yes, arose feeling better prepared now for my life's journey and the burden laid upon all, of which I must bear my share.

O friends, take warning from this little picture, and do not frown and murmur because you have burdens to bear, for if you have no burdens to lay at the portal of heaven, the gates of that glorious place will not be open to you, and the keeper will say, "Go back to earth, and bravely earn a reward, before you expect to enter here and receive one."A.

W.

C.

THE MANATEE.

Can any one tell what a manatee is?

If the cold weather in the South has not killed him he may be found in Florida, or in one particular section of that

State, and there only.

This locality, according to a writer in the Cincinnati

Enquirer, is along the St. Lucie river, a

A NOBLE ENGLISH HOME.

very short stream—the shortest navigable one, perhaps, in America—as it is only ten miles long.

The stream has its source in the Halbatteeoka Flats, and becomes navigable at St.

Lucie Bay.

The Indians regarded the stream with mysterious awe—somewhat, in fact, as the Hindoo people do the Ganges.

They found plants upon the borders that grew nowhere else, and here they found the manatee.

The female of the manatee is known as the sea-cow.

There is no more awkward, helpless or curious animal.

The hand is broad, and the eyes are completely hidden by heavy folds of skin.

The mouth is shaped very much like that of a cow, in every way but the teeth.

These are long and sharp like those of the carnivorous tribe, "and yet the animal is said to be exclusively vegetarian.

Its chief food is the manathe grass, but it, perhaps, eats occasionally other aquatic plants.

This grass has large, broad blades, and is found in eight or ten feet of water, growing on the bottom and extending to the surface.

The mature manatee weighs about one thousand two hundred pounds.

One was captured which weighed one thousand five hundred.

This was about twelve feet in length, and had a girth of four feet.

The manatee is provided with flippers about ten inches in length, and the body diminishes into a large, fantastic tail, similar to the porpoise; the skin is black, and is sparsely covered with short, thick hair.

This animal does not cut a graceful figure or move about easily on land, but it can go with speed through the water.

The manatee cannot defend himself at all, He does not bite, and is at your mercy if you have any means of capturing him.

But his ear is phenomenally quick.

He can hear the sound of an oar no matter how carefully handled, at a distance of half a mile, and he will take alarm at it.

His body affords excellent food, as the Indians long ago found out, and they used to jerk the flesh and sell it to the Spaniards at a high price.

The fattest, juiciest beef is by no means equal to it.

The meat of no ani - mal is so delicious.

About ten years ago the meat could be bought at fifty cents a pound; but it will soon be unattainable at any price.

There is no doubt that the manatee is rapidly becoming an extinct animal.

Like the dodo which flourished in the middle ages, but is now extinct, the sea-cow will pass out of existence, and will be looked upon in a few centuries as a monstrosity.

But the governor and legislature of Florida might, we should suppose, delay this catastrophe, by turning a part of the more swampy and least valuable portion of the St. Lucie river into a State park—which might be called

Manatee Park—and appointing a parkkeeper with assistants to guard it.

Its purpose should be simply for the preservation of this animal.

As the manatee submits to captivity, he might even be cultivated by cultivating the manatee grass in other low, swampy regions in Florida.

Manatee farming, as a specialty, might prove in fact an alluring business and far more profitable than orange growing, which has brisk competition in other countries.

Nothing is more certain than that the world will always pay well for its rarer delicacies—as the sharp demands of the human appetite attest.

A NOBLE ENGLISH HOME.

On the twenty-second day of July,i66i,

Mr. Samuel Pepys, direct from London, rode to Hatfield, where he arrived "before twelve o'clock,"which was very good riding for that portly, worthy gentleman.

There he was fortunate enough to meet with "Mr. Looker, my lord's gardener,"who courteously showed him the house, the chapel "with brave pictures,"and also the gardens, which especially pleased the curious visitor, who made the note in his diary that he"never saw such in all his life; nor so good flowers, nor so great gooseberries, as big as

46o A NOBLE ENGLISH HOME.

nutmegs."Several seasons later, this time it was in August, 1667, good Mr.

Pepys and his excellent wife, with "our coach and four,"paid another visit to the old market-town.

They stopped at "the inn next my Lord Salisbury's house,"where they dined and "were mighty merry,"after which they walked out in the park and the vineyard, which he styled "a place of great delight."

Two hundred years denotes age to us.

But Hatfield is nearly the same to-day as it was in those far-away days of the seventeenth century, when the gossipy Pepys visited its halls and walked under the grand old trees.

The gardens are still as beautiful, the noble palace as stately, as gracious as ever;

still mighty fine to look at.

There still stands the tower from the window of which, according to tradition, the Princess Elizabeth envied the lot of the humble milkmaid, and in the park still towers the great oak under which she received the news of her accession to the throne.

In fact, it is said that no home in the kingdom, erected at so early a date, remains so entire as Hatfield; none other is so little changed, all the additions and re-erections having been made accordant with the original style.

In spite of the passage of years, in spite of the depredations of a great fire, much of the original house, all of its foundations, and many a real and enduring relic which Pepys saw, remain unaltered to-day.

As the ancestral home of the accomplished Salisbury, present Premier of the

British Empire, Hatfield House naturally possesses interest not only to Englishmen, but to those claiming English descent, and when to this living interest is added the historic vista of centuries, in the transition from the hill fortress of the Norman period to the picturesque mansion of the Elizabethan age, much may be expected from the olden story, as well as from the instant interest which attaches to the present distinguished owner.

"Castle of the ancient time, Glory, splendor, all are thine;

And, as in a flowing rhyme, All thy beauties richly shine."

Hatfield, the home of the Salisburys from the time that their ancestor, Robert

Cecil, second son of the illustrious Lord

Burleigh, exchanged Theobalds with the arbitrary pedantic, James I., though called a "House,"is really a castle or a palace, and a splendid one at that.

It covers with its courts and outbuildings somewhere between three and four acres of ground, and its stately towers rising above the noble trees can be seen miles and miles away.

It is built of brick, in the form of a half H, after the most approved style of Elizabethan architecture.

In the center is a portico of nine arches, and a lofty tower, on the front of which is the date 161 1; and each of the two wings has two turrets with pretentious cupola roofs.

The story of Hatfield House goes back eight hundred years or more.

It has seen fetes and revels galore, and welcomed proprietors more puissant even than the noble Cecils.

The manor of Hetfelle, as it is called in Doomsday, was granted by King Edgar to the Abbey of St.

Ethelred, at Ely; and upon the erection of that abbey into a Bishopric, in the reign of Henry I., 1108, it is supposed to have acquired the designation of Bishop's Hatfield. One of the warlike and luxurious bishops built a feudal structure here in the twelfth century,and more than one English king was entertained within its walls.

William of Hatfield, second son of Edward III., was born here.

Bluff King Hal took possession of it in 1628, and after that monarch the castle was successively the residence of Edward VI. immediately before his accession, of Queen Elizabeth during the reign of her sister Mary, and of James I.

Robert, the first earl of Salisbury, built the present mansion, 1608-1611, and the next year, dying, left it to his son William, the second earl.

The present bearer of the family honors is the eighth earl of the line and the third marquis, having inherited his title upon the death of his father in 1868.

We saw Hatfield on a beautiful summer day, the reality of Longfellow's ''perfect day,"a day:

"On which shall no man work, but play.."

A NOBLE ENGLISH HOME.

Perhaps no one has thought of it, but the old castles and manor houses need summer sunshine for "beauty's heightening;"they are too stern and grim at other times. We saw this one in

June, in the atmosphere of umbrageous oaks and green fields, and the place could never have looked lovelier.

The dull, red bricks and fine gardens were rich with warmth and color imparted by the sunlight.

The eighteen miles'ride from London had been passed in some two hours and a half, and we stood at last under the shadow of the great tower which has looked down on many a grand pageant and will probably look down on many more.

The Marquis had not returned from his London house in Arlington Street, and so the palace was open to visitors, at which, as the enthusiastic

Pepys would have said, we were mightily pleased.

The brick entrance to the park and grounds are of a date earlier than the reign of Henry VIII.

and the Tudor carvings and ornamentations are alike quaint and picturesque.

After entering, all that remains of the old palace inhabited by Edward VI. and Queen Elizabeth meets the eye.

A large portion of this is used as stabling and other offices. The chamber which Queen Elizabeth occupied is situated on the north side of this building; the exterior, of darkened brickwork still, is partly overgrown with ivy.

The stable has a wooden roof springing from grotesque corbel % heads and is lighted from windows partly filled with stained glass on each side.

This apartment is very lofty and of great size, and was the banqueting hall of the old palace.

Here were kept the Christmas merrymakings; and at Shrovetide, 1556, Sir Thomas Pope, the governor of the castle, made for the "Ladie Elizabeth, alle at his own costes, a great and rich maskinge, in the great hall at Hatfielde, where the pageants were marvellously furnished."At night the cupboard of the hall was richly garnished with gold and silver vessels, and a "banquet of sweete dishes, and after a voide of spices and a suttletie in thirty spyce, all at the charges of Sir Thomas Pope."On the next day was the play of Holaphernes,

Queen Mary, however, did not approve of these "folliries,"and intimated in letters to Sir Thomas that those "disguisings"must cease.

The principal entrance to the mansion is at the northern front; both here and at the south front three pairs of metal gates were placed in October, 1846, when the Marquis of Salisbury, the premier's father, was honored by a visit of Her Majesty and the Prince Consort.

By the north entrance yout are admitted into a spacious hall, which leads to a gallery of great length, open on one side by a sort of trellis work to the lawn.

This hall is in itself a storehouse of curiosities.

Arms that men captured from the Spanish Armada, Queen Elizabeth's saddlecloth that she rode on at Tilbury, weapons taken in the Crimean War, models, etc., enough to interest the visitor's attention for hours, are shown in this noble hall.

It was in this wing that the fire broke out in November, 1835, when the

Dowager Marchioness of Salisbury, the grandmother of the present marquis, perished in the flames.

The building has been well restored; and in the carved wood-work of a mantelpiece in one of the chambers an oval frame has been introduced, containing a well-painted portrait of the deceased marchioness when she was a young girl.

In the chapel at the other end is a stained-glass window, of considerable brilliancy.

It is of Flemish work, and contains, in compartments, scenes from Bible history.

The light streams in from the numerous windows on the c ark, oak floor, and lights up cabinets and furniture of curious workmanship.

Here is a state chair once used by Queen

Elizabeth, and the hat which, we are told, she wore when she received the messenger in the park.

There are several famous pictures in this room, among them a head of Henry VIII., by Holbein; heads of Henry's queens; a characteristic portrait of Elizabeth and other historic personages.

The room can have changed but little through many a long year.

As it looks now so it must have looked, one fancies, to Pepys, and pretty much so to

A NOBLE ENGLISH HOME.

King James I., when he was entertained there two hundred and seventy odd years ago.

The bedroom in which James lodged has the fittings, it is said, exactly as when the king last used them.

The grand staircase is one of the most magnificent features of this palace home.

It is ascended by a flight of five landings, and occupies a space of thirty-five feet by twenty-one in dimension. The balusters are massive and boldly carved in the Italian form; above the hand-rail are represented griffins, armorial lions and other devices;

and there is a carved hatch-gate, probably to keep the favorite dogs from ascending to the drawingrooms.

The wall is hung with choice portraits of the Cecils by Lely, Vandyke,

Kneller, Reynolds, etc.

Some of these Pepys could never have seen, but the stairway itself he must have passed over on that memorable visit of his.

How many noble, how many graceful feet must have walked up and down these stately stairs since his day!

At the foot of the staircase is the door of the dining parlor, and over it a white marble bust of Lord Burleigh.

This room is paneled throughout with oak and has an enriched chimney-piece and ceiling.

Over the mantel, in gilded letters, is the family motto of the Cecils:

"Sero sed serio—Late, but seriously."I could not help thinking that most of the family had caught the inspiration of it.

They have all been hard workers; the first earl worked himself to death in the service of King James, and the present marquis is a tremendous toiler.

Adjoining the dining parlor are the summer, breakfast and drawing rooms.

These apartments are in the east front, and the remainder of the wing on the ground floor is occupied by spacious private apartments, furnished in the olden taste.

On ascending the staircase, the first apartment entered is the great chamber, called King James'Room, nearly sixty feet long, and twenty-seven wide, and lighted by three immense oriel windows.

The vast apartment has the ceiling elaborately decorated in the Florentine style.

The whole of the furniture is heavily gilt.

The grand staircase also communicates with the upper end of the great hall, or as it is called, the Marble Hall, fifty feet by thirty.

It is lighted by three bay windows on the side and an oriel at the upper end, near which the lord's table stood in the "golden days"of our ancestors.

There is an open gallery at one side enriched with carving, amidst which are introduced lions, forming part of the insignia of the family, bearing shields of the cartouche form, on which are blazoned the arms.

The room is paneled with oak and the walls lined with splendid tapestry brought from Spain.

A gallery one hundred and sixty feet long, hung with valuable paintings and decorated with statues and suits of armor, leads to the library, which is one of the grandest rooms in the mansion.

Pepys does not speak of it, but as he saw it, and as others saw it long before Pepys, so we see it to-day.

It contains one of the most valuable collections of art, books and MSS.

in the kingdom.

Here are relics also, and we are shown the oak cradle of Elizabeth, the pair of silk stockings presented to her by Sir Thomas Gresham, and the purse of James I.

The picturesque park and gardens have many interesting objects, besides charming prospects, the richly-colored brick-work harmonizing with the various shades of verdure.

They are the crowning glory, the eye of Hatfield.

The garden facing the east front is in the ancient geometrical style of the seventeenth century, and below it is a maze which belongs to the same period of taste.

We did not notice the gooseberries, but assuredly Pepys would feel at home could he once more visit the scene. The vineyard is entered through an avenue of yew trees cut in singular shapes straight and solid as a wall, with arches formed by the branches and imitating a fortress, with towers, loop-holes and battlements; and from the center turfed steps descending to the River Lea.

No one can imagine the bewitching beauty and quietness of these Armada gardens, whispering of the last enchantment of

AUTUMNAL SENTIMENTS.

the middle ages.

Here, in this lovely place, in the midst of the June sunlight, with the bright river gleaming through the trees, we may well bid goodbye to Hatfield, while old Pepys'words still echo in our ears, for this, whatever else be not, assuredly is "mighty fine."Selected.

AUTUMNAL SENTIMENTS.

"Now garnering gray October's sober grains,

Now Christmas hollies pile our loaded wains."

All poets, or poetical prose (not prosy, ) writers who are of the descriptive class, who delight to dwell upon scenery, seasons, birds, flowers, waterfalls, rivulets and sunshine, who assimilate their sentiments and subjects to nature's varied and changeful moods, revel in the poetical inspiration of falling leaves, faded flowers, gorgeous colored forests all aflame with beauty, brown hills and royal-purple sunsets.

"But see the fading many-colored woods,

Shade deep'ning over shade, the country round Embrown."Autumn in the poets nomenclature is defined as the "Daughter of the Year."She carries off the palm with dignity in royal style.

The year has reached its maturity and is receiving the crown of its glory, the luscious fruits of vine and tree, the fields of ripened grain, gathered with the sickle and gleaned by the reapers, the bundles strewed or stacked, stretching afar in the distance, gladden the eye and convey to the soul the idea of abundance.

The golden yellow corn in ear, and all the varieties of the vegetable kingdom, impress one with a sense of fulness, of completeness, and seem the similitude of earth's wreath of victory and rejoicing.

Autumn even in her triumph is the precursor of doom, of the cold burial of hopes, of all that was fresh and green and beautiful in the grave of stern, hard relentless winter, the monarch of the year, who rules with icy coldness and crushes the life from out the heart of the matron, whose full summer has ripened into maturity. Winter bedecks the brow, so lately crowned with the victor's wreath of beauty and bloom, with the cold frosted, glittering icicle.

"The Autumn's wind swept o'er the hill,

And Winter's breath comes cold and chill."

Although we must confess to a lingering love for Spring and Summer, yet Autumn with its pensive evening twilights, its "melancholy sadness,"its rustle and flutter of dry leaves, has something peculiarly akin to poetical sentiment, and also really seems congenial, and in sympathy with the "sober realities of life."

This season may well be termed moody in more respects than one, for it dhanges almost daily. Autumn is almost as fickle in November as Spring is in April, and the mood of persons hangs on the same equivocal vicissitudes.

Autumn does seem peculiarly appropriate for meditation and reflection, the "sear and yellow leaf,"the fading of "the day's sweet light,"and the gray shadows of the cool and amber paling moonlight night, infuse their quiet beauty into the human soul.

Nature has groaned, as it were, with the heavy weight of "corn and oil,"and the sheaves of grain are full to bursting, and the wine gushes with fulness from the press, and the land o'erflows with the bounty of the harvest of.all earth's products.

The sky is flaming with its crimson shades and coloring, and the reflection drapes the hills and woods with violet and purple shadows.

The landscape mellows as the year wanes and winter comes apace.

There is a language in the trees at this peculiar season that passes all description;

it speaks forcibly to those who possess intuition, or susceptibility to feel the influence that pervades the atmosphere of their locality, and seems to diffuse itself into the very soul of the lover of nature, and

HONOR.

pour itself forth spontaneously in strains and bursts of enthusiasm that run parallel to the surroundings.

It is well to devote a little season to meditation and reflection, but not allow one's self to merge into gloom, and dwell too much among shadows, for substance is always preferable to shadows, and to plant one's feet on the solid earth is surer footing than flying off into the clouds, however alluring their ethereal proportions may appear in the distance.

One is more certain of one's self on terra firma than in the region of uncertainty.

There is a pathos in the sighing requiem of the departing glory of Autumn that falls soothingly upon the senses, and impresses one with a solemnity, mingled with reverance, that reaches out after and grasps all of the Infinite with which nature, in her teeming luxuriance, at this season abounds.

The death of vegetation by frost and wind late in the autumn is styled the funeral of the year, it has been born in its characteristic sense, has been fondled and dandled in the arms of spring, has developed into beauty under the auspices of summer, and has ripened into fulness of strength and grown sober and gray with the chilly winds of autumn and the trees sigh its requiem, and winter comes to grasp with its firm hold, and gather in its bosom all that remains of beauty and fragrance of the passing year; and with the Christmas holidays, make what recompense it may for marring the beauty and despoiling the glory of nature's perfection and burying it out of sight.

How many lessons of life may be learned from the sentiments which the changes of time involve! How many precious memories are buried with the fading of the leaves, how many hopes are blown away regretfully, that we recall in sympathy with the fluttering leaves, and the flitting birds, who no longer sing as before, but pass to other and more congenial climes!

But if one has sown good seed in the heart, and treasured up in the garner of the mind, pure thoughts and holy inspirations, then, by the winter fireside, with kindly nurture, these exquisite gems of true and genuine worth may be growing and strengthening and diffusing light and imparting to other hearts and other minds a genial warmth, a glowing comfort, that may culminate in a purity and freshness that will beautify and adorn the life indoors, and cheer and gladden the atmosphere of home, or the surroundings of the poor and lowly, and give expression and tone to the heaven-born charity, which, properly nourished, fills the human soul with joy, come spring or summer, autumn or winter.

Amethyst.

Best of glory is reflected by honesty.

HONOR.

Honor is that quality of the mind which leads one to seek good actions and imDels him to perform them.

It is found in one who is constantly engaged in trying to benefit his fellow creatures without the object of gaining the laud and praise of men.

The title of true honor is worth more t 11 the wealth of the world, since, wh e it does not exist, wealth cannot pu chase it.

One who possesses it from his merits, is rich in that which most ennobles man.

He is a jewel in himself; and though his outward appearance may not portray his inward wealth, he is like the diamond in the rough—only-needs a little polishing to make his brilliancy excel that of all other jewels.

His word is as good as his bond, and were there no law compelling people to act honorably, you could trust him and he would feel more securely bound by his conscience, than by any written document that might bear his signature.

To take unfair advantage is foreign to his nature.

One possessing true honor is not constantly guarding his speech, so as to make others believe that which he

THE MIDNIGHT SUN.

knows to be false.

In one of this nature, even should he attempt such a thing, his countenance would betray him, and his scheme would fall through.

He will do unto others as he would be done by, for he possesses the quality of unselfishness where honor demands.

While honor and unselfishness could not consistently be called synonymous terms, they are certainly each an attribute of the other.

Honor is not found in him who would betray his friend because he has him in his power; nor is it found in one who is always prying into the affairs of others, when such affairs concern him not.

Neither do you find a man of honor anxious to impart information that he may have obtained accidentally or otherwise, when he knows such information should be held sacred.

Real honor can be obtained by any one who wishes to endow himself with it, and will carry his desires into execution.

It cannot be bestowed by one upon another, but is won by each acting in accordance with an unvitiated conscience and constantly following its dictation without a desire to obtain the esteem of mankind.

Honoris like reputation and character, in that it displays itself in small actions, thus necessitating its slow growth, but certain maturity.

There is a quality which by wicked humanity is termed honor, that may be obtained by worldly wealth or heredity.

It is, however, often an abuse of the term, and should be prefixed by the word "false."Taking a broad view of the meaning of honor, it embraces truth;

therefore the term "false honor"is equivalent to the term "false truth,"which is absurd in the extreme.

However, this quality which, for convenience sake, we may term false honor, is founded upon interest, not principle.

It proclaims its lofty aims in the fear that they may nu1 cil erwise be discovered, while true honor prefers that they be demonstrated in actions.

One who is moved by false honor finds no time to demonstrate that which he would have his fellow creatures believe, for he is engaged in trying to remove doubt which he fancies exists in the minds of men regarding his honor.

He knows that were his true character known, those doubts which he fancies exist, would for a certainty be supplanted by a knowledge that he could not face;

and he lives in constant fear that his falsity may be found out.

True honor is founded upon virtue and unless allied thereto, bocomes changeable; governed more or less by the manners and customs prevailing around it.

It might be said that such honor is born, serves its natural period of existence and dies the same as mortality; but when allied to virtue, it becomes a thing eternal—without beginning, without end; not bounded by time, nor terminated by death.

Honor wins approbation from even the most changeable and unbelieving of men, and is by them regarded as a quality of time,not of eternity; but allied to the eternal principle of virtue, an attribute of Him who never changes, honor is a property of truth and is eternal.

Melvin D.

Wells.

The height of fashion and the height of folly reach to about the same altitude.

THE MIDNIGHT SUN.

It has been the hope of my life to visit the countries of the far north, where mid-summer nights are lit up by the king of day, in all his splendor and glory.

The vivid descriptions of Dr.

Kane, in his Arctic Explorations made, perhaps, the first impression upon my mind, and kindled the glowing desire *I2* which has burned steadily in my breast, to see the sun at midnight, and sniff the breezes of the Arctic circle.

But it has not yet fallen to my lot to make the northern voyage, and I am compelled to content myself by reading accounts of others'voyages, whose zeal in search of the ice-bound pole, has J:aken them be-

THE MIDNIGHT SUN

yond the habitable portions of the globe, to struggle, suffer and die in their vain endeavor.

A wonderful relief from the sickening tales of Arctic hardships, is met in the fascinating volumes of Paul du Chaillu, entitled: "The Land of the

Midnight Sun.". In these elegant works the author tells of five or six years travel in Norway, Sweden and Lapland.

He gives characteristic sketches of scenes and people, that are wonderfully entertaining and instructive.

Among other things he tells us of the midnight sun.

He says:

"How beautiful was the hour of midnight! How red and gorgeous was the sun! How drowsy was the landscape;

nature seemed asleep in the midst of sunshine; dew-drops glittered like precious stones, as they hung from the blades of grass, the petals of wild flowers and the leaves of the birch trees."

It sounds strange to hear of wild flowers and tender vegetation within the region of perpetual snow and ice.

Yet most beautiful flowers and some trees were found on the very end of the North

Cape, the extreme northern point of Norway, and less than twenty degrees from the pole itself.

But it is the sun at midnight we wish to hear described, and we will follow Du Chaillu in his clear and delightful explanations:

We crossed the Arctic circle at sixtydegrees, thirty-two minutes north latitude or fourteen hundred and eight miles south from the pole, where the sun shines for an entire day, on the twentysecond of June, and the observer will see it above the horizon at midnight, and due north.

After that date, by journeying north on an average of about ten miles a day, he would continue to see the midnight sun till he reached the pole.

On the twenty-second of September, the sun descends to 1^he horizon, where it will rest, so to speak, all day long; on the following day it disappears till the twenty-second of March.

The sun at midnight is always north of the observer, on account of the position of the earth.

It seems to travel around a circle, requiring twenty-four hours for its completion, it being noon when it reaches the greatest elevation and midnight at the lowest.

Its ascent and descent are so imperceptible.and the variations so slight, that it sinks south very slowly, and its disappearance below the horizon is almost immediately followed by its reappearance again.

The phenomenon of the midnight sun may be explained as follows:

The earth revolves about the sun, once every year, and rotates on its axis once every twenty-four hours.

The earth's orbit, or path described by it in its annual revolution about the sun, is, so to speak, a circle somewhat elongated, called an ellipse.

The axis about which the daily rotation takes place, is a straight line passed through the earth, and the extremities of which are called poles—one the north, and the other the south pole.

The axis is not perpendicular to the plain of the orbit, but is inclined to it at an angle of 23 28'which angle is called the obliquity of the ecliptic.

The earth therefore, in moving about the sun, is not upright but inclined, so that in different parts of its course it presents always a half but a different half, of its surface to the sun.

Twice in the year, March 21st, and September 21st, the exact half of the earth along its axis is illuminated.

On these dates, therefore, any point on the earth's surface is, during a rotation of the earth on its axis, half the time in light and half in darkness—that is, day and night are twelve hours each all over the globe.

For this reason these dates are called Equinoxes—March 21st being the vernal and September 21st the autumnal equinox.

As the earth moves on in its orbit after March 21st, the north pole inclines more and more towards the sun, till June 21st, after which it turns slowly away from it.

On September 21st, day and night are again equal all over the earth;

and immediately after this, the north pole is turned entirely from the sun, and does not receive its light again till the following March.

It will thus be seen that from the vernal to the autumnal equinox, the north pole is in sunlight, and has a day of six months duration.

As the north pole becomes more and more inclined towards the sun.

STORY OF A MONSTER.

more and more of the regions around that pole become illuminated, and therefore any point in that region is for any given twenty-four hours, longer in light than in darkness, and its day is longer than the night.

The nearer any point is to the pole, the longer during this time is its day.

The number of days, therefore, of constant sunshine depends on the latitude of the observer; and the farther north he finds himself the greater will be the number.

Thus, at the pole, the sun is seen for six months;

at the Arctic circle for one day, and at the base of the North Cape from the fifteenth of May to the first of August.

At the pole, the observer seems to be in a center of a grand spiral movement of the sun, which farther south takes place north of him.

We have here spoken as if the observer were on a level with the horizon; but should he climb a mountain, the sun, of course will appear higher; and should he, instead of traveling fifteen miles north, climb about two hundred and twenty feet above the sea-level each day, he would see it the same as if he had gone north;

consequently, if he stood at the Arctic circle at that elevation, and had an unobstructed view, he would see the midnight sun for a correspondingly longer time.

Hence the tourists from Haparanda prefer going to the Avasaxa, a hill six hundred and eighty feet above the sea, from which, though eight or ten miles south of the Arctic circle, they can see the midnight sun for three days.

The brilliancy of the splendid orb varies in intensity like that of sunset and sunrise, according to the state of the moisture of the atmosphere.

One day it will be of a deep red color, tingeing everything with a roseate hue and producing a drowsy effect.

There are times when the changes in the color between the'sunset and sunrise might be compared to the variations of a charcoal fire; now burning with a fierce red glow, then fading away and rekindling with a greater brightness.

There are days when the sun has a pale, whitish appearance, and when even it can be looked at for six or seven hours before midnight. As this hour approaches the sun becomes less glaring, gradually changing into more brilliant shades as it dips toward the lowest point of its course.

Its motion is very slow, and for quite awhile it apparently follows a line of the horizon, during which there seems to be a pause, as when the sun reaches noon.

This is midnight.

For a few minutes the glow of sunset mingles with that of sunrise, and one cannot tell which prevails, but soon the light becomes slowly and gradually more brilliant, announcing the birth of another day—and often before an hour has elapsed, the sun becomes so dazzling that one cannot look at it with the naked eye.

De Vallibus.

STORY OF A MONSTER.

In a certain region, renowned from time immemorial for its wonders and curiosities, there is to be seen a most strange and exceedingly terrible monster.

The creature is of huge size, and what renders it more fearfully hideous, it seems to possess a sort of grave-worm life, as it is capable of moving and devouring.

It has no permanent form;

its shape is ever changing, like a cloud in the sky when the winds are blowing upon it.

Its material constituents are various, but it has the general appearance of iron and miry clay, mixed in curious combination.

The body of this creature is stuck all over with frightful heads and arms and trunk-like suckers.

Some of the heads are human shaped; others are like different kinds of wild beasts and birds of prey, and each head has an enormous mouth with sharp and terrible teeth.

The arms and suckers are of various lengths and size.

Some are long and slender, others are short and thick, but all are furnished with either claws or

-468 STORY OF A MONSTER.

fingers, or embolus for sucking.

The monster has numerous piercing eyes glaring around for food and plunder,and the arms and suckers are perpetually twisting and moving about far and near, and the claws and fingers and spongelike absorbers gather enormous stores of booty and filthy aliment, and convey the same to the cavernous jaws.

Thus the eyes are constantly watching, the arms and suckers continually moving, and the mouths ever devouring.

This is all the monster has to do.

The peculiarities of the spectacle are numerous and interesting.

Seen in varying shades of light, and from different points of view, the monster assumes quite different aspects.

Viewed from a distance, from an eminence called Mount

Theology, a strange metamorphose transforms the frightful apparition into an object of rare and incomparable beauty.

The body is no longer a putrid mass of heaving corruption, but a comely and delicate organism of choicest and highly-prized materials.

The repulsive heads take on the appearance of venerable patriarchs and grave sages.

The faces are those of harmless sheep and innocent doves, all wearing a bland, oharitable.and lamb-like expression. The formidable arms and long, slimy trunks are changed into lovely members, outstretched to protect, and shining conduits dispensing golden bounties everywhere around.

Instead of talons and grasping claws, there are soft, white hands, from which a profusion of deliriously perfumed blessings are constantly dropping.

By an easy change of view, this marvelous creature is transformed from an enormous and hungry gormandizer to a most pleasing object—a veritable living fountain of copious gifts and benefits.

The appeal an:e is, in reality, a reflection set in the historical firmament of a grand and imposing institution spread over a vast area of country, and which has existed with various mutations, for many generations.

At certain times a lurid light shoots athwart the monstrous emblem, and then are traced in forked fire, the inauspicious words, "Mystery, Babylon."

As to the origin of this marvel of deformity, its growth and present aspect, the following story has been culled from the most authentic reports and annals upon the subject:

A certain illustrious Prince, the son and heir of a grand and mighty

King, inherited from his sire a goodly estate.

The patrimony covered a vast extent of territory, including provinces, broad plains and populous cities;

wide seas, populated with fleet-winged commerce;

high mountains, flowing rivers, and islands abounding with perfuming spices and mineral treasures.

Flocks and herds in vast numbers grazed fertile pastures.

On every hand the fair landscape was chequered with the careful lines of fencing, wall and hedgerow inclosing vineyard, orchard and field, the precious wealth of industrious husbandry.

The character of the Prince was such as every good person might imitate with assured advantage.

In physical form he was perfect, and his surpassing mind intreasured every excellent and estimable quality.

His sole heed and solicitude was the happiness and well-being of his subjects.

It was his gracious desire that each of them should enjoy the bounties of his fair domain.

He disfavored all striving inequality—disdained coercive might, and severely condemned oppression of the poor and the triumphs of the strong over the weak.

The form of government he loved was that called patriarchal—the benign rule of natural fathership and primogenial authority—as from this source his own right and eminence were derived.

But notwithstanding the benevolent disposition of the Prince, and his good will towards his subjects, he had a vindictive and implacable enemy—a powerful chieftain and approved leader of a numerous and formidable band of seditious marauders.

The all-absorbing animus of this arch-antagonist was undying and malicious hatred of the good

Prince, conjoined with illimitable craft and wily seduction, in all which qualities of evil and insidious cunning his vile crew of lesser potentates partook and used, each according to the strength of

STORY OF A MONSTER.

his malignant nature.

The adversary and his evil band had their abode in a vast and dreary desert hard by the Prince's domain. From there they made constant incursions into his estate, and there, by cruel and artful tricks, wrought untold mischief and misery among his yielding subjects, by inciting them to rebellion and seditious uprisings against their rightful Lord's authority.

Many, by listening to the seductive voice of these evil advisers, became proud and grew hard and tyrannical, usurped unlawful authority over their brethren, and oppressed and cruelly treated them.

This ungrateful and perilous conduct sorely grieved the Prince, seeing it was foul treason against him and his majestic

Father also.

Yet the Prince was patient and longsuffering, and while his subjects were hostile, defiant and rebellious, and, furthermore, threatened him with personal abuse and violence, he went about among them doing good.

He took the part of the poor and distressed, and defended the weak and the downtrodden against their hard masters and cruel tyrants.

He fed the hungry, and healed and comforted multitudes of sick people, and finally offered to ransom them from the odious crime of rebellion and treason, by sacrificing his own life to satisfy the broken law.

Some were penitent, submissive and obedient, but the bulk of his subjects continued defiant and rebellious.

Although the charity and forbearance of the kind Prince were boundless, he could not condescend to dwell among a people who every day insulted and defied him.

Moreover, his Father, the King, who was witness of this wicked insolence and contumacious treatment of his well-beloved son and heir, invited him to return to the imperial palace until his subjects should have learned obedience by their experience of the effects of their folly, become penitent, and be glad to welcome back their rightful Lord.

Therefore the Prince called together his few faithful adherents, and prepared them, by many valuable instructions and endowments, to assume his government and be his representatives after his departure.

There were only about one hundred and twenty of them, all told;

but they were brave and valiant men.

They braved terrible dangers in maintaining the cause of the discarded Prince against hordes of fierce and savage enemies.

They were, as the Prince himself told them, like a small flock of sheep scattered over a forest, in which prowled hungry and ferocious beasts.

But he said he would not leave them unprotected and comfortless.

He invited them to send petitions at any time to him for help and advice, and promised to answer them promptly and grant them all assistance and supplies necessary.

He also endowed them with some extraordinary gifts and powers, such as he himself possessed and had exercised.

They could cure all manner of diseases by a touch of the hand; they could exorcise evil spirits, make the lame to walk, restore sight and speech and hearing to those who, by any cause, were deprived of those valuable faculties.

They could release the poor imbecile and pitiable lunatic, and re-install reason upon her throne.

They could warm into flowing liquid the frozen life current, call the departed spirit back, and rescue the body from the dark chambers of death.

They could burst prison doors, and, by their word, cause to dfuake the foundations of adamantine dungeons.

They could command the thunder and the storm, or still to calmness their tempestuous fury, and smite with palsy or death their malignant opposers.

They possessed and employed these miraculous powers in the name of their Prince, and used them as far and as long as his wisdom permitted.

They were also clothed with plenary authority to admit aliens and returning prodigals to citizenship; to collect and disburse rents and revenues, and the Prince promised to honor all their transactions of this nature with his sanction.

But they were to be the stewards and friends and protectors of his subjects, not masters.

He hired them, not the people, and to him alone they must look for their reward for

47o STORY OF A MONSTER.

service.

"Shepherds, feed my sheep,"said the Prince, whereas, "Sheep feed us,"was the imperious demand of the robbers and tyrants.

At length the Prince took his departure, and his servants began to labor diligently in his cause.

The Prince had set a valiant man, named Peter, at their head.

Under his direction they dispersed themselves over the estate, and entered heartily and zealously upon the good work of reformation. They showed the people the true character and just claims of the Prince, and how much they owed to him their fealty and obedience.

They reminded the people of his numerous acts of benevolence and good will towards them, and proved that they themselves were the Prince's true servants, by'their possessing similar powers.

Now, it frequently happens that a benefactor is valued more after he is lost than while he is present, and this was the case with regard to the absent Prince.

The earnest speeches of the legates aroused the attention of the people and called out their regretful emotions.

Thousands upon thousands joined with the Prince's servants, were enrolled as citizens, and entered into solemn covenant to serve their rightful sovereign.

In a few years the cause of the Prince had spread with amazing rapidity, and achieved prodigious marvels of success and victory and volume.

With untiring assiduity the dauntless ambassadors pushed the good work along.

They spread the fame and proclaimed the gracious will of the Prince through widespreading countries, and large colonies were founded, and powerful associations of brotherhood and loyalty were established in many parts of the Prince's domain, and it appeared hopeful that the righteous government had secured a permanent foothold among his subjects.

The rescued people were happy and prosperous in their new affiliations. They were a family brotherhood, having aims and interests in common. There were neither cankering poverty nor super-abounding affluence among them—all were satisfied and content.

Nevertheless, all were rich together, and their commonwealths were centers of wealthy abundance.

Many rich and oppulent families had joined the Prince's government, and had poured their riches—houses, lands and possessions—into its treasury.

Under directions from the Printe the accumulated wealth of the new government was used solely in the support and advancement of his cause.

The poor and needy were first supplied.

The expenses of carrying on the government were few and not burdensome, and rich and stately edifices were erected to the honor of the absent Prince and the majestic King.

Many curious and beautiful palaces were built, in which the loyal potentates were wont to assemble in counsel to transact the weighty affairs of the imperial state;

but all the wealth and splendor, all the lands and possessions were considered as belonging to the Prince, and dispensed only as he dictated.

Such an insti-.

tution, abounding with valuable benefits, was sure to become popular and attractive to a poor and oppressed people, for all its influence was on the side of liberty, prosperity and happiness.

All its officers were honest, upright and brave men; their very presence was a boon—

a perpetual joy and benediction—to the favored locality where they sojourned.

The sick were healed, the hungry were fed, the naked were clothed, the stranger was treated with hospitality, the widow and the orphan were cared for, and the sorrowful visited and cheered.

Such was the character—these were the fruits of the Prince's benign and gracious rule.

Who but demons could strike them down, or wish them blasted?

Alas!

the frailty of human nature is strange and inexplicably perverse.

As the crouching, hungry wolf watches from his lurking covert the lambs gamboling on the green, quiet pasture, so glared with greedy and jealous eyes, the malicious robbers and tyrants upon the young and sturdy state.

Here was prey for rapacious greed; here was plunder for ravening covetousness.

At first they leered and chafed, yet hesitated to attack.

They met in secret conclave, and brooded over the growing strength of the infant giant.

They muttered male-

STORY OF A MONSTER.

All dictions at the thought of possible danger and menace threatening them. They gloated and grimly smiled as malevolent thoughts planned dark plots for pelf in their avaricious souls.

But the wolf must find excuse for seizing and devouring the helpless lamb, lest his fair reputation for gentleness be soiled, and he be thought cruel.

They were sage and artful in all old schemes and strategy of plunder called government.

They had hitherto demolished every buttress which struggling innocence and freedom had reared against villainy and encroaching tyranny; but here was something new and strange.

They were baffled and confounded at the unique features—perplexed and amazed with its robust frame and vigorous vitality.

They viewed with envy the spell-like power of the Prince's legates; the ease with which they drew the multitude towards them; how freely the rich poured out their wealth and treasures at their feet.

If they only could wield such an influence as this!

They grew wild as they gloated over the thought of such advantages—such opportunities.

Again they turned to fresh and vigorous plotting.

But the excuses.

Were they not honorable men?

Their reputation must be considered first.

They must be dainty upon this important and delicate point.

If a youth murdered his father and mother, could he not claim pity because he is an orphan? Would it not be unkind to ask the robber of the poor to relinquish the booty?

It might put him into inconvenience.

How cruel to take the kid from the jaguar just because he was about to pick his bones.

Is not this Prince an impostor?

Are not these legates plotting against us?

Are not we the rulers of the estate?

Do we not hold the lands, and the cattle and the palaces?

Are they not encroaching upon our rights, and using our treasures?

Are they not thieves and traitors?

Do not every one of them deserve death?

Are we not the most honorable and merciful and forbearing men alive?

We can bear it no longer.

Since Cain, to grasp his brother's flocks and herds, scrupled not to be a fratracide, plunder has ever been the luring bait for power, greed and ambition. And, allured by their insensate lust for power and plunder, these greedy tyrants commenced a crusade of mischief and misery, of cruelty and crime upon the domain, unparalleled before in the annals of atrocious infamy.

Heretofore the quarrels between the tyrants were of a less infamous character; they were blood-thirsty disputes of robbers over the division of spoils;

but this was an onslaught of villainous rapacity against innocence, righteous and lawful authority and honest possessions.

Like a menagerie of wild animals let loose upon a defenceless flock of sheep, the hungry horde rushed upon their prey.

The marauders acted together, and placated the rival spirits by agreeing to divide the plunder.

They seized the head steward and his faithful fellow-laborers, and with scourgings and tortures put them to death.

The colonies of the faithful were set upon, and the helpless people scattered and slaughtered with merciless ferocity. The innocent victims struggled and fluttered as ineffectually as the dove in the claws of the kite.

The shepherds smitten and slain, many of the sheep escaped for a time by scattering upon the mountains.

Some crept into caves and hid in catacombs, where'they endured the horrors of fear, of hunger and thirst, of cold and pestilence.

But even this dreadful exile did not save them—they were hunted with horses, and ferreted out with bloodhounds.

Many were racked and pulled asunder, others thrown to the wild beasts to be torn to pieces for the diversion of theatre spectators;

while others were daubed over with tar and oils and set on fire, to give illumination to the ghastly entertainment.

The legates and faithful followers of the Prince, thus dispossessed, driven off and destroyed, the homes and lands, the treasures and possessions of the scattered flocks were confiscated, divided and devoured by the usurping tyrants and despoilers.

They took possession of the palaces and government storehouses of the Prince, and began ixnme-

STORY OF A MONSTER.

diately to assume authority and act as rulers of the imperial estate.

They had the presumptuous effrontery to call themselves the officers of the Prince, and had the cool impudence to affect his authority.

They chose one, the most bold, crafty and venomous of their horde, to be their head and chief usurper, and with blasphemous audacity called him the "successor"of the Prince's headsteward, Peter, whom they had deposed and murdered.

So with all the other servants and cabinet ministers of the government. After having cruelly butchered them, they set themselves up in their places and assumed to act in their stead.

They carried their consummate gall even further, and augmented offices and intensified their names and titles.

They called the head robber, "His Holiness."The others were plumed as "His Highness,""His Grace,""The Right Reverand,""The Arch Shepherd,"etc.

They proclaimed themselves throughout the plundered domain as the lawful officers of the true Prince, and pretended to send petitions to him, and so blinded the Prince's subjects that they believed that he acknowledged them in all their impious villainy.

And now, once more, the cruel and merciless tyrants and robbers had full possession of the Prince's estate, and there rested down, like a sable pall, a black night of ignorance and terror, oppression and gloom, upon the whole domain.

Nothing but cries of misery and woe went up into the ears of the Prince, but he was silent.

The lamentations of the widows and orphans sounded in the streets, and the groans of slaves and prisoners, and the sobbings of the comfortless poor, wailed hideously upon the night air, while the bloated harpies, secure in guarded vaults and cloistered palaces, feasted and brawled, rioted and grew brutishly fat upon the plunder and spoils.

But the evils and plagues which always attend wrongful plotters, fell upon them.

They quarreled and fought over the ill-gotten booty.

First one,and then another burly ruffian would arise and grasp a part of the plunder and establish himself as a head and leader, each claiming to be the especial favorite of the Prince, until the entire domain was covered with these upstart, greedy chiefs, and every one has his set of Holinesses, Arches, Graces, Right Revs., and

Revs., and all are engaged in plundering and absorbing the bounties of the Prince's estate, while all are his avowed enemies and presumptuous rebels.

Looking over the estate, one of the Prince's servants described the vision thus:

"She is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird."

This is a true but imperfect story of the origin and growth of the monstrous apparition as it is reflected in the historical firmament.

John H. Kelson.

The Value of the Puritan Sabbath.—Sunday has had more value in this country than merely as a day of rest.

It has been a power in forming American character.

It has caused a pause to men in whatever pursuit.

It has kept before men always the knowledge of a great authority regulating their affairs.

Those who were brought up under the strict law of what is called the Puritan Sunday, sometimes look back from early manhood with intense dislike to its iron restraints imposed upon the jubilant spirits of the youth.

But as they grow older and more thoughtful they recognize at least the priceless discipline of the day, its effect on the formation of mind, its lessons which hurt so much in entering that they are never to be forgotten.

No wandering life prevails to lead them away from the effects of those days; nor are there among the sons of men in this world of labor and pain any who look back with such intense yearning for the home rest as those men, who out from the anxieties and agonies and sins of mature life, howsoever guilded its surroundings, send longings of heart to the old fireside, where the Bible was the only Sunday book and the Pilgrim's Progress was almost the only week-day fiction.

Scorn it, as may those who

OCTOBER.

never knew what it was, the Puritan Sunday made men, thinking men, strong men, looked always to something beyond the approval of their fellows, felt always that there was somewhere some one who knew what they were in their hearts.

It made a large part of what is worthy in our institutions and our men, in New England and New York, in Virginia and the Carolinas, and throughout the growing Union.

THE BANK OF ENGLAND NOTE.

The Bank of England note, says the Family Tutor, is distinguished:

'•i. By the peculiar color of the paper, such as is neither sold in the shops nor used for any other purpose.

"2. By its thinness and transparency qualities which prevent any portion of the printing on the note being washed or scratched out without a hole being made.

"3. By its characteristic feel, which consists of a singular crispness and toughness, owing to the fact that the bank paper is made from new linen and cotton, not from rags.

"4. By the peculiar wire mark or water mark, which can only be produced when the paper is in a state of pulp;

consequently the forger must procure a mould and make his own paper, both requiring the skill of such artisans as are not likely to be met with in the haunts of crime.

"5.

By the three deckle or rough edges.

These edges are produced when the paper is in pulp; two notes being placed in the mould and divided lengthways.

The deckle is the raw edge of the paper, and cannot be imitated by cutting.

"6. By the strength of the paper;

a banknote will lift a hundred weight if carefully adjusted.

"The printing is of two kinds, type and plate.

The paper is moistened by water driven through its pores by the pressure of the atmosphere; thirty thouand double notes are thus moistened in the space of an hour.

The ink used is made at the bank from linseed oil and the charred husks and vines of Rhenish grapes.

This gives a peculiar velvety black to the mark in the left-hand corner of the note.

"The notes are numbered by a machine which cannot err; and lastly, are authorized by the signature of the clerk.

The banknotes are printed on the side of paper which receives the water-mark, so that if the paper be split, the imprinted surface only retains the slightest trace of that mark."OCTOBER.

The woods and the fields and the golden grain

Of the mellow and brown October,

And the purple hills, and the furrow'd plain

Bring the days so sad and sober;

But the sigh and rustle of falling leaf,

To the pensive mind is a sweet relief.

The sunset so grand in its flaming red,

Lights the hills with a wondrous glow;

Tho'the beauty of summer days has fled,

And the winds«of Autumn blow;

The frost has nipped the flowerets fair, That we nursed and tended with so much care.

The beautiful vines that climbed so high

And hung so graceful on wall and tower

Are changing their colors, for ere they die

They bloom as bright as the gayest flower;

And we gaze and wonder so proud they seem

While passing away like a summer dream.

On the mountain side and hills are seen,

The blazing sumach and maples red,

And a host of trees in their brilliant sheen

Shimmer above when the flowers lie dead;

And a plaintive voice in the sobbing trees

Mingles its voice with the passing breeze.

And what rema'neth to tell the story Of the radiant flow'rs and summer days,

When the earth seem'd crown'd in robes of glory

And the song of nature like hymn of praise,

Trembled along the verdant land

And echoing afar on the ocean strand?

Why the harvest—rich in its golden sheaves, And fruits the garden and orchard bring;

And the lesson taught by the falling leaves,

That will live again in the breath of spring

And though the days are so sad and sober,

There's beauty and grace in brown October.

Emmeline B.

Wells.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, October, 1887.

THE ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPT.

The fac-simile of the original manuscript, which we present as the frontispiece of the present number.is of great interest to the student of Church history as it no doubt will be to our readers generally.

The history of the manuscript, from a part of which this engraving is made was written by Elder George Reynolds and published in the fifth volume of the Contributor.

From it we may fairly presume that the extract here given is in the handwriting of Oliver Cowdery and was written between the seventh of April, 1829, and the fifteenth of the following May.

The appearance of this manuscript will be variously regarded, and it may not be amiss to direct attention to some of its features which may excite criticism.

The writing is at first a little difficult to decipher, but on becoming used to it is found to be clear and regular and quite easy to read.

It was penned upon paper which was good for the times, but does not compare in smoothness of surface to the ordinary writing paper of the present day, and considering that it was unruled, the lines are remarkably straight and even.

There are fifty-four lines on a page, and they commence and finish as near the edges as possible, testifying to a disposition to economy, made necessary by the scarcity and expense of good writing paper so early in the century.

The entire absence of punctuation marks may be accounted for by the fact that the system of punctuation as applied to manuscript was not in common use by those whose education was derived from the common schools.

It was not taught by them, and indeed has found place in the course of instruction in country schools only within more recent times.

In western New York was the wild west, the border land of American civilization, and scholars were rarely met among the sturdy farmers and backwoodsmen.

The young man who had received a common school education—reading, writing and arithmetic—in the villages of New England, stood high for scholastic learning in the border land, and such were called in winter time to lay aside the woodman's ax and take up the spelling book and ferule to teach the children the rudiments of English.

They were the school teachers of those times; and among them Oliver Cowdery passed for a good scholar, notwithstanding that his spelling was not the best, that he had no accurate knowledge of the use of capitals and entirely avoided the employment of marks and signs of punctuation.

However, it may not be quite just to say that he knew nothing of punctuation.

The absence of these signs in the manuscript may be due to their absence on the plates from which the Prophet translated. The plates were engraved before the art of punctuation was known in Europe.

As the manuscript in possession of David Whitmer is marked by the printer and the first edition of the Book of Mormon is carefully punctuated, it seems reasonable to conclude that the punctuation of manuscript was regarded at that time as among the duties of the compositor rather than of the editor or author.

Or it may be that in the conscientious endeavor of Joseph to perform the task of translation, literally, as the words were pictured by the Urim and Thummin before him, he would not suffer Oliver to insert punctuation marks that did not appear, and punctuation and paragraphing were therefore deferred until a copy of the original translation should be made for the printer.

At the commencement of another season's work the Mutual Improvement

Associations have the assurance of continued encouragement, and it is expected of them that they will manifest renewed interest and energy in carrying out the high object for which they have been organ-

THE POOR INDIAN.

ized.

The care and cultivation of the young men and women of Zion is an important trust, largely committed to the Associations, and they will be held responsible for the part they take and the influence they wield in the formation of the characters and disposition of the youth.

We shall have a conference, called in ample time by the Apostles, on the evening of October 6th, which the young people of Zion should attend, and where an impetus will probably be given to our approaching labors that will be of great benefit and assistance to the cause.

THE POOR INDIAN.

An interesting article on the natives of North America, suggests a few reflections on the relations of our government to the former occupants of the country.

The fact has gone into the imperishable record of history that such relations, from almost their very beginning, have not been marked with the dignity and scrupulous regard to honor that are befitting a strong, ambitious nation.

The Indian has been driven from his hunting-grounds and corn-fields by force, and in most cases the terms of treaties have been the dictations of a conqueror.

The barbarous principle of might, imported with the better maxims of old world polity, has prevailed in the growth of the white population, and the poor aborigine has been compelled to retire westward year after year before its selfish and persistent encroachments.

Men may argue that what has been suffered by the Indians is but in accordance with the laws of progress and civilization; that the weaker elements must yield, and the fittest will inevitably survive.

We may grant the influence of law in human affairs as well as in physics;

but the methods adopted by men individually and as a political body, in carrying into effect measures that may be interpreted as the outcome of progress, need not transgress every canon of kindness and equity.

That was a grand salutation of the old

Chief Massasoit, when the first Pilgrims landed on the New England shore:

'Welcome, white men;

there is room enough in this country for you and us;

let us live together as brothers."But what was the sentiment, voiced in return, of those Pilgrims, after receiving the hospitality of Massasoit and his tribe?

It is fitly expressed in the reply of Miles

Standish, when at a later day, the new colony had grown strong, and the question was asked, 'What is to be done about these Indians?"and he said, "Exterminate them."

American legislation in Indian affairs has apparently followed the example of

William Penn, in recognizing the Indian as owner of the land, and acquiring it from him by treaty, but the fact is notorious that the terms of scarcely a single treaty have been enforced in favor of an Indian tribe, and their retaliation for encroachments by settlers has usually been followed by severe and bloody conflicts, in which United States soldiers were employed to crush down the "insubordinate"native.

Now that the poor remnants of a once powerful people are restricted to a comparatively insignificant part of the vast territory that was once theirs, it is, we think, the only humane course for our government to insist that they shall be permitted to live in peace and saved from the persecutions and robbery of unscrupulous persons.

By the pressure of our civilization, in its best phases and under Christian guidance the Indian must ere long lose his national character and become absorbed or lost in the great mesh of white industry and white socialism.

Red Cloud, not long ago, said in a public address:

"The day of the Indian is gone.

Our hunting-grounds are blotted out, our path is fenced up, there is no longer any room in this country for the Indian.

He must become a white man or die.

Our ancestors once owned this whole country.

They were then a proud people.

Now the country belongs to people who came from across the sea.

They have blotted out the Indian trail and in its place they have made a new road; we must travel with them in this

WONDERS OF THE OCEAN.

new road.

I have been walking in the white man's road for many years.

I ask my people to follow me."This pathetic utterance comes from a wise chief, and its admonition will be heeded by hundreds of his people.

The school and the church are rapidly bringing to pass what was once regarded as impossible, the civilization of whole tribes of Indians; and it is not necessary or expedient that any coercive measure should be applied now.

Its effect would not be to hasten the conversion of the

Indian into a citizen, but rather to offset and neutralize much of the good work already done, bucause it would re-awaken his sense of injustice and destroy his faith, what is left, in the integrity of the white man.

Have we not had enough of petty quibbling in Congress over land grants and specious claims, the manifest purpose of which, in spite of the suave and plausible assurance of their advocates, is to deprive the poor red man of his last remnant, of territory?

Can not our great nation afford to be tolerant and forbear-'ing toward a dying race?

If not, can it afford to besmirch its record further, by repetitions of injustice?

There is certainly land enough for honest settlers for the next fifty years, and if there were not, honor should not permit the Indian to be robbed.

Phren. Journal.

WONDERS OF THE OCEAN.

The ocean, we are taught in our school-geographies, covers nearly threefourths of the earth's surface.

When, in maturer years, we are better able to grasp vast ideas, science tells us that the superficial extent of the sea is about one hundred and forty-six million square miles, and its contents seven hundred and seventy-eight million cubic miles, including every salt bay or inland sea in direct communication with it, like the Persian Gulf or Sea of Aral, but excluding the Caspian and isolated inland lakes or seas.

The average depth is a little over four miles.

The bed of the sea is the counterpart of the dry land in unevenness and irregularity, and thus in many parts the ocean is only a few fathoms deep over largely extended submarine plateaus, and in other spots it has been sounded to a depth of six to eight miles.

The task of sounding in the blue water is one of great niceness and difficulty.requiring a skillful observation and the most ingenious apparatus. The wire soundingline invented and used by Captain Sigsbee of the U. S. Coast Survey in surveying the deep valley in the Gulf of Mexico is a very ingenious contrivance, that will undoubtedly facilitate the taking of accurate measurements of great depths.

The salt of the ocean comes, so far as known, from beds of the mineral at the bottom of the sea, and is also brought down by rivers.

It is chloride of sodium or common salt, with a very'small proportion of magnesia and lime.

The quantity in solution varies, and thus the density and specific gravity of the sea is by no means uniform.

This is due partly to evaporation, which is most rapid where there are strong prevailing winds.

The latest investigations seem to indicate that the clearest water of the

Atlantic is on the line between the Canary and West India islands, traversed by the brisk northeast trades.

The heat and wind combine to produce there an enormous evaporation.

As a rule the.

specific gravity of the sea is greater in mid-ocean, heavier in the North Atlantic than anywhere else, and more noticeable at the bottom than at the surface.

The surface-water of the Antarctic Ocean sinks and then moves northward in a cold sub-current.

It may be a -surprise to some to be told that the sea contains a very appreciable quantity of silver.sufficient to leave a deposit on the metal sheathing of sunken ships.

The amount is roughly estimated at two million tons.

The ocean seemed to be divided, as regards the fauna which dwells there,

WONDERS OF THE OCEAN.

into three liquid strata, and animal or fish life is classed into two groups.

In the lowest stratum are chiefly the Crustacea and certain obscure species of fish of which little is yet known. The surface to a depth of five or six hundred feet is inhabited by the vertebrate and invertebrate fish, mollusca and the like, which are the companions of man in his searovings, and aid to sustain life and civilization.

Between these two strata is a third, which seems to be almost devoid of animal existence except minute animalcules.

Whence comes the inexhaustible supply of water which keeps the ocean always at the same level is a matter of surprise and reasonable speculation.

It would seem impossible for the rivers, numerous as they are, which empty forth vast volumes of water, to give an adequate quantity to make up for the evaporation constantly going on.

The direct rains of the tropics and the Gulf Stream, copious and sometimes almost appalling in the diluvian masses that fall and beat down the waves of the fiercest storm, are yet insufficient to account for the source of the ocean-floods.

It is to subterranean rivers that we must look for an explanation of the problem, and a number have already been discovered which empty into the ocean, sometimes far from land, and bubble to the surface a well of fresh water constantly renewing itself as it mingles with the salt sea.

An example of this can be seen near the shores of the famous Jerusalem Road of Nantasket Beach.

In smooth weather fresh water can be dipped out there from the sea, apparently as pure as water drawn up by the well-sweep, to which hung the "old oaken bucket, the iron-bound bucket,"of the neighboring town.

Fresh-water rivers which enter the ocean far below the surface can be traced for some distance off the coast of Florida.

That peninsula also offers several examples in which the spot is seen where the river disappears in the- ground, to reappear farther on as a submarine river.

One of the most remarkable of these is six miles from Gainesville.

Like all the Floridian peninsula, the land in that vicinity is low, rarely rising over five or six feet, a dead level, over-grown with columnarpines. Here and there amuddy pool is seen, but nothing to break the absolute monotony of the scenery, until without warning one comes to a small stream emptying into a yawning pit or circular chasm called the Devil's Mill Hopper, one hundred feet deep, inclosing an almost unfathomable lake at the bottom;

ooze and slime surround the water, a dense tangled growth of timber drapes the precipitous sides of the pit;

forcing a way through the underwood the stream falls in a foaming cataract into the Stygian pool below, where it mingles its waters with six other streams that burst forth from the sides of the chasm at different heights.

There is no escape for all this water except by a subterranean outlet.

Evidently we have here one of the sources of supply which feed the ocean.

At Anavolo, in the Gulf of Argolis, a volume of fresh water fifty feet in diameter bursts to the top of the sea with such force as to be convex on the surface, and to cause a strong agitation of the sea for several hundred feet.

There is a similar phenomenon to be seen off the southern coast of Cuba.

But it is unnecessary to multiply instances which prove that the ocean is not wholly dependent for its supply of water on overland rivers.

The temperature of the sea corresponds as a general thing to that of the atmosphere, but on the whole is less subject to sudden changes or violent extremes.

Benjamin.

It is not enough that we have once swallowed truths; we must feed on them as insects on a leaf, till the whole heart is colored by their qualities and shows its food in even the minute fibre.

The high road to success has never been a smooth or even course.

One must be prepared for a perplexed and tortuous path, and many apparent failures before the goal is reached. He who turns back at the first obstacle will certainly never achieve his end.

FAMIL Y LIFE IN MEXICO.

FAMILY LIFE IN MEXICO.

In Mexico there are socially but two classes, which are widely and impassably separated, the very rich and the very poor.

The domestic life of the Mexican poor is marked by much the same features as characterize the manner of living of the lower classes of the south of Europe.

The family cook, eat and sleep in a single room of some one of the populous houses which, divided by squalid alleys, abound in the cities, or in the only room of their hut in outlying villages.

The main problem of life, the obtaining of a sufficient quantity of corn, beans, and Chili pepper, for a day or two ahead, is easily solved, and the luxuries are a little meat for Christmas and Easter, and a few ribbons and silver bangles on the holiday occasions, for the mother and grown daughters, and a heavy silver-adorned hat for the master of the house. The garments of the members of the household are light cotton, and the sunny climate supplies all that is lacking in their weight and quantity.

The mother looks mainly after the domestic concerns providing and preparing the food and drink, incidentally assisted in the former by the husband, who, however, does remarkably well if he succeeds in providing himself with the pulque, (fermented juice of the maguey plant), with which he daily stupefies himself.

The children grow up anyway, rendering some domestic assistance as they grow older, and, in their community, find their mates and marry at an age that would seem surprisingly young in the northern climates.

Among the ricos, or rich, the class, comparatively small in number, that possess practically all the property in Mexico, life is a more complex and formal affair.

The whole structure and traditions of society favor the seclusion and isolation in domestic life of the Mexican family.

Their houses, covering as they do, with their enclosures, a great area of ground, present on three sides a blank outer wall of stone or adobe, and on the front toward the street some grated windows, as strongly protected by iron bars as those of a guardhouse.

There is no entrance to the house from the street save through a great covered gateway usually large enough to admit a carriage, and from which a paved passage leads into the patio or courtyard. Upon the patio open the portales (verandas), windows and house doors, and within its limits is passed most of the out-of-door life of the family.

From the patio the female members of the family pass through the great gateway only under protection.

The senoritas, or young ladies, attended by their mother, or some elderly female guardian, and the senora or the lady of the house, when accompanied by her children, husband or some friend.

The Mexican woman of good social position, spends but little time in the streets, and then it is on a specific errand.

To go to mass or prayers in the morning, and with her husband and children for a sunset drive on thepaseo (boulevard), with visits to distant relatives, comprises most of her life outside the walls of her house.

The servants in Mexican families are many in number, and are invariably

Indians, whose ancestors, in many cases, served in the former generations of the same family.

A certain quarter of the house and patio is allotted to the humble retainers, and here they have their separate domestic life, marry and are given in marriage, and rear their families.

Those who have been guests in a Mexican family will recall the brown, sadeyed maids, with black hair hanging in two braids down their back, silently attending to the household duties.

The rooms occupied by the family are large and high with ornate and massive furniture of European and antique pattern, and in the dining-room the table and sideboard are set with heavy silverware.

Early rising is the rule in the Mexican household, and the first meal of the day is a light repast of fruit, bread and choco-

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

late.

At noon a substantial breakfast is served, and from six to seven o'clock dinner.

There is an abundant variety of dishes, the meats and vegetables being highly flavored with garlic and Chili Colorado, the red pepper pods of the country.

The table is liberally supplied with sweetmeats, of which the Mexicans are very fond.

Tomales, a mixture of cornmeal, chopped meat and Chili, divided into portions, each of which is boiled in a corn-husk; enchiladas, a combination of chopped onions and Chili served on tortillas; and boiled meats garnished with beans and other vegetables, are prominent in the cuisine.

For bread there are sweet fresh loaves, or tortillas, the national dish, made by grinding boiled corn by hand between two stones, the paste thus formed being quickly baked in thin round cakes upon a hot stone or piece of sheet iron.

Fruit in all its forms is greatly esteemed.

For drink, there is pulque, and on state occasions wine, native or foreign, the Spanish being preferred of the European wines.

Through the day the head of the house and the older sons have been mainly abroad at their places of occupation, the hacienda, office, warehouse or school.

At home the lady of the house has supervised her domestic matters, and the daughters, who are not at the convent school, have practiced their music and perhaps worked a little at some fancy embroidery;

the children have been at play within the patio.

At dinner the family reunite for the day.

At the conclusion of the meal the carriage is waiting, and there is a drive on the Paseo or in the suburbs. After the return the family sit in the cool of the evening—and all evenings in Mexico are cool—under the portal.

There are usually visitors with the family, for the ties of friendship among the Mexicans are strong and their ramifications wide, and the bond, whether by blood or marriage is binding and sacred.

Perhaps some of the neighbors have joined the party in an informal call.

A guitar is brought out, and some one of the group plays and sings the sweet pathetic songs of Andalusia.

The Indian servants across the patio sit on mats beneath their portal listening to the guitar or talking in undertones.

When the guitar is silent they may sing in a low monotonous chant, to the tapping of a native tambourine, an

Aztec melody.

The children, in whom filial feeling and decorous behavior seem inherent, and who have sat in silence among their seniors, or played noiselessly about the patio, are getting sleepy and are taken by an Indian maid to bed.

Later, the neighbors take their leave, and soon th« company on the portal have retired f rest, and quiet reigns through the great house.

The outer gate is barred, and all ingress or egress is to be had only through the porter who is asleep in his lodge with the keys beside.

But, perchance, there is one in the house who remains awake and whose ears have caught the tinkle of a guitar from without, and intoning a Spanish song of love.

As the lover looks up he sees only the grated window and its half-closed shutters;

but he sings on with good heart, for he believes that with the close of his song there shall come the drawing of a curtain, the rustle through the stillness of a white garment, or the instant flash of a dark eye through the parted curtain that shall assure him his serenade has been heard by the object of his adoration.

With this encouragement the cavalier sings again, and again, and finally departs with manifest unwillingness, his guitar under his arm.

The senorita creeps to bed, and falls asleep smiling, and peace and slumber prevail throughout the Mexican household.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

A General conference of the Young

Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Thursday evening, October 6th, 1S87, at seven o'clock.

All officers and members of the associations are requested to be present.

It is expected that important instructions from the General Superintendency for ths approaching winter's

4«o ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

work will be given, and reports received, showing the condition of the societies.

Conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of Utah

County Stake, was held on October ist and 2d, at Provo.

On the first day, a business meeting of officers was held, and arrangements made for the resumption of work for the ensuing season.

Vacancies in the offices were filled;

missionaries assigned fields of labor,and every provision necessary made to start regular weekly meetings on a progressive and systematic order of exercises.

The Associations of Utah Stake have adhered to the original order of exercises and system in the government and control of the Societies, and to-day stand in the foremost rank for the perfection and harmony of their work and the substantial results achieved thereby.

On Saturday evening a grand national concert was given under the auspices of the Associations in the Provo theatre.

Nearly all of the Societies participated in repreresenting by flag, costume, national air and domestic ballad, the prominent nations of the earth, from which our people have been gathered.

The following countries were represented:

America, Provo Third Ward; American

Indian, Santaquin;

England, Provo Second Ward; Scotland, Spanish Fork, No.

i;

Wales, Spanish Fork, No.

i;

Pacific Isles, Lehi;

France, Provo First Ward;

Germany, Payson;

Switzerland, Lehi North;

Italy, Provo Fourth Ward; Denmark,

Spanish Fork No.

2;

Sweden, Pleasant Grove; Norway, Pleasant Grove,

South;

Hindoostan, American Fork;

China, Springville, and Brother W.

C.

Dunbar, in the dress of the Scotch Highlander, performed on his famous bagpipes. The concert was a pronounced success, and raised revenue sufficient for the current expenses of the approaching season.

Sunday, October second.two meetings were held.

In the morning verbal reports were made by the Presidents of Lehi, American Fork and Spanish Fork

Associations; and interesting remarks by Elders R. C. Badger and W. S. Burton.

In the afternoon the general and Stake officers were sustained, and the conference was addressed by Elder Junius F.

Wells and President A. O. Smoot.

A large attendance and excellent spirit characterized the two days proceedings

It is expected that the Y. M. M.

I. A.

will everywhere resume meetings for the winter season during the present month, and that officers will be chosen to fill vacancies or to succeed retiring officers, at the first meeting.

If Superintendents of Stakes and Presidents of Associations will carefully review the instructions that have been published in previous volumes of the Contributor, and be guided by them, in planning the work that they propose to accomplish this winter, it will prove of great advantage to them.

A system that is progressive and thorough should be inaugurated in all of the Societies.

Its absence has proved in the past the greatest drawback to substantial improvement.

Reports are required upon the work that is done in the Associations, and they cannot be made comprehensive or significant unless system obtains and is consistently observed in the forming of programmes and distribution of exercises to the members.

Lectures upon Scriptural, historical, scientific and other subjects should be classified, and record kept of the number delivered, under each heading.

The variety is illimitable, and opportunity may be given for the members to exercise choice of subjects, to any degree and • yet come within the range of the Association records.

A little care on the part of officers in the beginning of the season, in mapping out the work they propose to do during the winter, will cause them to realize great satisfaction later on, in the real progress they will have made.

We commend the order of exercises hertofore suggested by the general officers for the Societies, and believe that the best results have been secured in the past where they have been followed; we do not doubt the future will demonstrate that the greater good will be accomplished by adhering to the system therein outlined.

"Tl~ie Glory of God is Intelligence."

THE CONTRIBUTORY Kepresenting the Young Men's and Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Associations of the Latter-dav Saints.

VOLUME EIGHT.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, EDITOR.

PUBLISHED BY THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

PRINTED BY THE DESERET NEWS COMPANY, 1887.

Page.

Ancient Ruins in Mexico. Moses Thatcher.

A Bear Story ".

Association Intelligence.

. 40, 80, 120, 200, 479 An Actor's Triumph A Remarkable Voyage Selected.

A Natural Whispering Gallery A Temperance Revelation...

Salina. 345 An Out T.

IV. Sloan. 350 A Ramble Around London.... /ago. 357 Alcohol in High Latitudes,.A- W. Greely. 373 A Bold Buccaneer Hoioard Pyle. 397 A Norwegian Whale Hunt A Noble English Home Selected. 459 Autumnal Sentiments Amethyst 463 Bermuda Selected.

Burden of Welsh Farmers.

.

Biblical Cosmogony, Thos. W. Brookbank.

The Eternity of Matter The Days and Date of Creation.

. 180, 218 The Material of Creation.

.

263, 295, 332 Beggars Alike Bogota H. R. Lemly. 431 Comments of the Day, F. M. Lyman. 36, 70, 355

Joseph F. Smith. 157, 237 Jasper.

Chili and its Inhabitants, J. M. Whitaker.

Christ before Pilate Confucius and his Believers Chinese Classics.

.

. Moses Thatcher.

301, 337 Color of the Sea Benjamin. 411 Charity. R. 437 Discipline and Culture.

.

. Ida lone Cook. 276 Existence of a Deity C F. Olson.

Electricity J. E. Talmage.

Frictional or Static Electricity.... 229 Galvanic, Voltaic or Dynamic Electricity Editorial:

Volume Eight System in the Associations The Loyal League A Judicial Outrage A Just Rebuke...

Epistle Wilford Woodruff. 234 A Political Duty Editorial Notes The Magnanimity of. Mormonism.

.

.

O. F W. 354 A Noble Life The Constitutional Convention.... 434

The Original Manuscript Page Fair Verona Yours Truly.

French and German Armies.

R. W.

Young. 376 Fragments of a Journey, A. J. Crocheron. 425 Five Days on the Lake.

.

. R.W.

Young. 453 Family Life in Mexico Genius Castelar.

George Washington's Courtship How to Read John Morley.

How to Make Steel Stolen How Gold is Exported How to Tell the Age of Any Person....

Heber C. Kimball O. F. Whitney 305 Hero Worship Ruby Lamont. 335 Honor Melvin D. Wells. 464 In the German Woods Selected.

Is Life Worth Living In the Adirondacks Life's Aim Ruby Lamont. 352 Lying, Stealing, False Witness, S. W. R. 395 Marriage in Alaska Murdering Guns Martin F. Tupper R.W. Sloan.

Memorial Day Hannah T. King. 320 Nauvoo in Winter Ostriches at Los Angeles One Autumn Day.

Minnie.

Our Native Birds Selected, in Our Daughter.

.

.

. A. J, Crocheron.

145, 177 Over the Ocean /ago. 388 Oh, Sing me a Song!

McCleod. 393 October Emmeline B. Wells. 473 Pensee Augusta Joyce Crocheron.

Pat Lynch's Dream.

.

.

. R. W.

Young.

Poet-Tree '.

.

.

.

Philosophy of Longevity....

Selected. 375 President John Taylor Pokahontas Selected.

Red Cloud Selected.

Superstitions Concerning Eclipses....

Sketches and Reminisences of Prison

Life.

Some Queer Travelers.

. J. E, Talmage.

Skepticism in the Nursery. St. Jas

Gazette.

Shams Selected.

-3,77 Somewhere Emmeline B.

Wells. 433 Science of the Base Ball Curve.

. Proctor. 433 Seek a Reward A.W.C. 457 Story of a Monster.... John H. Kelson. 467

ILL LSTRA TIONS.

Page.

The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo, B.H.Roberts.

i, 41, 121, 161, 201, 241, 281, 321, 361, 401, 441 The Elements of a Man The Protestant Episcopal Church

G. D. B. Miller.

The Thousand Isles De Vallibus.

The Singer Ruby Lament.

The Claims of the Catholic Church....

John J. a Becket.

The Morekidites Must Go Samuel Sorghum.

Think of It The Missionary's Christmas Gift.

Prize Christmas Story, Horace G. Whitney.

The Methodist Episcopal Church....

Thomas C.

Iliff. 106 The Wedding of the King.

Prize Christmas Poem A.J. Crocheron.

112The Swamps and Dixies.

. N. L. Nelson. 116 The Eastern Question.

.

. J. M. Tanner.

129, 171, 209, 259, 290, 341, 369

PageThe Caverns of Luray.

. Josiah Burrows.

The Army of Christ.

.

.

. R. W. Sloan.

The Star of Dawn Lu Dalton.

The Mission Schoo.

. Samuel Sorghum.

The Mountain and the Vale, O.F.Whitney. 233 "The Wayside Inn"Selected. 316 The Island of Malta.

. J110. Worthington. 319 The Queen's Jubilee.

.

.

.

F. E. Barker. 346 Traitors Ben. E.Rich.

397, 413 The Clam...

.

Bill Nye. 390 The Star of Bethlehem The Weather Chamber s Journal. 421 The Manatee The Midnight Sun De Vallibus. 465 The Value of the Puritan Sabbath

The Bank of England Note The Poor Indian Phren. Journal. 475 Varying Opinions Ruby Lamont.

Why I am a Mormon, Orson F. Whitney.

Charles W. Penrose. 254 Wonders of the Ocean.... Benjamin. 476

ILLUSTRATIONS.

Facing Page.

Brigham Young's Residence Carthage Jail Edward Hunter's Residence Expositor Office Fac-Simile of Original Manuscript

Hyrum Smith's Residence Heber C. Kimball's Residence Hancock County Court House Hamilton House Joseph's Brick Store House John Taylor, (Steel Engraving)

Facing Page.

Lucy Smith, Mother of the Prophet.... 321

Masonic Hall Nauvoo in Winter Nauvoo House Old Parade Ground Ruins of D. H. Wells'Residence

Ruins of Nauvoo Temple Sidney Rigdon Seventies'Hall The Mansion Wilford Woodruff's Residence

AGL,^ EMPORIUM, SALT LAKE CITY.

K. THOMAS.

CC® v^« wOill *§& The Celebrated t SPRINGS* WEBER?x x x: \ x: -v x \ \ x v.: x\ \y h it i 9x I Prompt Attention to Orders.

5UPFF^FINE |—FLOUR—

|makes more whdlesdme Ibread than any other fine white flqur.

MANUFACTURED BY THE IILLS.

5 OLD BY ALL DEALERS.

Office in Wasatch Corner.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE, PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANON MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN ef the GODS, GRAND CANON OF THE ARKANSAS.

Sierra Nevada

Lumber Association OF UTAH.-<- Lumber, atli, Shingles, Mouldings, Doors, Windows, Blinds, Etc.

Mill Work in All its Branches.

OAK, ASH, CHERRY, WALNUT, BUTTERNUT, MAHOGANY, SPANTSH

CEDAR, PRIMA VERA, Etc., in Stock.

Hard and Soft Wood Mantels, to Order.

One-half Block South U.

C.

Depot, SALT LAKE CITY.

STAIR BUILDING A SPECIALTY.

k.»» In relation to The people of Penh-, are sensibly united',, in preferliig those \ made at '<.

"f"»w«M»lJ,»* z. o. m:. i ^ mm, SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brand.

.ss *nil<riLl<ft\J u THE CELEBRATED Pleasant Valley Coed, Colorado Anthracite, *-i^sCHARCOAL,(!

(©O^B, JS?I<3 Il^OH J§ <IfoOD.

SEND YOUR ORDERS TO Sells, Burton & Co., 2.4L5 I£v£a,in. Street, NEXT DOO^ TO BA^RATT BF^OS.

TELEPHONE 211.

CJU I?® ^ 0>cjS x^-a-^s ex p. O. Box 35%.I> WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN MY GOODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS AND ALD KINDS OF BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

w>.

Wm ju <s> ^PaAPVUk«

BT7:ESTQ3T. a-.^.:^XD^TE^3 CO.,

UiaitutvrtN at lla<V ef Annealed Steel aid GaWanir.ed Wire, »»4 44 rickets per Hod, *i & oo«t of from 45 cts, to »1..©* »ej lioJ.

Tin* U lh« £cct lira And Garden Feneo MaUe.

Combinstion Fencs;* WX3$S ^3£X»S ASft^ COTS fcXevAa on. Xxxx-pxc-raS. Alexis-.

Setter t3a.«n. ataa-ar Imposttd.

- Atent* far the Ce1*V>r»te<l HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACHINES OPPOSITE THE THEATRE.

t# » C. CHAMBER*, Pr$*t<ta*t.

f, A. MITCHELL, St* y A M*agf#r.

DEALERS IN WEBER Goal-^ I AKT WHET C011 Centra! Railway Co's Mines SILT UKK CITT, UTAH T[L(fH»N( N* 3B4.

BPPC8ITE Z. C. M.

I.

P. O. Box 92T Order. deliTered te any addreee la ttie eity, or faraiabed at tke yard a* regular rat**.

IT IS THE BEST TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN LRCKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO TTl-xe La«est Sale of an;y Tobacco In tne "World.

TRADE MARK.

T^krUfKcTuMP ONLY BY LN.C.

PESFLtM BESAUBS BEfeJA&&

u issr.—sftiitvo.—issr.

THE P.WAGON AMD MACHINE GO.

GET YOITK PLOWS.

Buy your Wagons and Machinery.

Tli* X.»rj,ei» Stock »* S«Ie«t frets ot«» KxhiMtad is Ct»h.

MITCHELL and BAIN WAGONS.

CHAMPION AND WOOD MACHINES.

Detr* and Molin* Plows.

e^Bi^rgouiKof Ttim™> Salt Lake City, Utah.

MCBKR J. GRAWT. PREST.

J.. F. GRANT, MG«.

yn&00LL£> YOUNG \'ffi HARDY Insure Your Homes DRY GOODS, Ntwisi Varittitt.

Standard Priets.

m THE GBOOEKIES, Always Frtik and Wkilaimt.

A. COM7L»T5 AJMOITMIKT Of BOOTS fe*i<4 SHOES.

Rvtrytkinffor Fo0t-m€ar in Ik* Sett StyUs.

f$»n A Country Trad* Carefully Att9fided t:.

0l4>. I. C. U.

I., IJlst Timplm Strbbt, jL4/.r 2^4*^ t/rr:

E3IO IMIIEJ UTAH.

$1,000 for els.

It Cists less Than Two Cevts * Day U Insure.

It takes less than a day to Iom a thousand dollars by firt, HEBERJ.GRANT&CO, SEVERAL AGENTS, 40 Main St., SALT LAKE CHI