Yad^frl^DiEs/X^^:

vejvie^It flssaciyqTiDfJs j(-|E LyflTTEF^-D/lV 5yqi(4Tf t, II U -ST lJUNIUS F.WELLS—EDITOR J r BY.

S/&.L.T—LAKE -CITY

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER PAGE.

Engraving:

Lieut.-Gen. Joseph Smith frontispiece.

Hi« Nauvoo Legion R. W.

Young..*.

Chinese Classics Mosei Thatcher.

The Bulgarian Situation J.

J/. Tanner Palace of the Emperor A Lecture on Man...„H.

IV. Nuifoitt X5 The Waters of Salt Lake Valley -.

J.

T. Kingsbury A London Fog /ago »5 A Prophecy and its Fulfilment..

B.

H.

Jttttrti Carrier Pigeon Service...Selected.

Tobacco John Wells A Dream..

....

Augusta Joyce Crocherpn Editorial:

Volume Nine « A Boquetof Beauty.

Association Intelligence:

Conferences in November tsercises for Novtmber Home Readings for the month Contributor Readings, General Conference.

Address of the General Superintendence

M. SHIBIvDS «Ss CO., •43 &s 45 STATE ^T. s CHICAGO.

G. F. Culmer & Bros.,:SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, llilltl Manufacturers of and Dealers in «,\\\\\ f in Warkers in German Silver and G-lass. mn -MANUFACTURERS OFSHOW CASKS.

Wholesale Grocers And D&1°L^ Knamel Paints.

THE

*-Thomgon Tajlor Spice go.

\MPOWtRS NHQ MKUUVKCTUP^RS OV Vttt V\UtST

SPICES AND KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the K-am-—ous Brand of = RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAGO.

THE CELEBRATED Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, <§0^E, ©IG Il^ON g &500D.

SEND YOUR ORDERS TO Sells, Burton & Co., 3.-45 Ik/Cain Street, \EXT DOOP^TO BAE(RATT Br|0S.

TELEPHONE 211.

AMERICA AHEAD!!'- till I II IVA A UT I n [THE BESTTHREAD forSEWING MACHINES]??:$:Mmmmmm>M w SIX-CORD SPOOL COTTON FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING DEALEUS.

ASK FOR IT! BUY IT!! TRY ir ^

B.

F\ TRASE)E.i\, f. o box: 352.

SA.LT lak c city.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, and all.kinds or

GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies.

U tl S. P. TEASDEL, M.I^pIl?!- Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

ZEVESTSTTHIISr'S- TEAT BTTII^IDIEIRS 2>T1^^Z1D SOUTH TEMPLE ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

LJ nn u pioneer line of utah, Runs Regular Trains for Convenience of Public, From OGDEN to FRISCO.

SAFE -:-:-:-:-:-:-COMFORmBLE.-:-:-:-:-;-:-QUICK.

JOHN SHARP, JAMES SHARP, FRANCIS COPE, General Supt.

Asst.Genl.Su.pl, Gen. Freight &> Jkt. Agt.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANON.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN oj the GODS, GRAAD CANON OF THE ARKANSAS.

J. R. GUSHING

Manvj'acturer and Dealer in JEWELEY WATCHES All kinds of Engraving and.

Repairing.

40 MAIN ST, -And CLOCKS.

All Work Guaranteed.

SALT LAKE city.W»'"'"<«"„..

In relation to ternVVv^ J ^ The people of Utah*; ^ are sensibly united -.

In preferlng those S made at W, d*acfof*>tf, SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brand.

/*00.

7S£0 PURES & BEST MUSIC/ EXHIBITED AT ALL IMPORTANT WORLD'S INDUSTRIAL ^* COMPETITIVE EXHIBITIONS SINCE THE YEAR 1867 ^ MASON k HAMLIN ORGANS HAVE ALWAYS

BEEN FOUND BEST AND AWARDED HIGHEST HONORS.

SEND FOR CATALOGUE n TONE, GREATEST EXCELLENCE AND DURABILITY.

THE MASON & HAMLIN COMPANY PLEDGE THEMSELVES THAT EVERY PIANO OF THEiR MAKE SHALL ILLUSTRATE THAT VERY HIGHEST EXCELLENCE WHICH HAS ALWAYS CHARACTERIZED THEiR ORGANS.

CATALOGUE WITH FULL DESCRIPTION FREE IT THE ONE HUNDRED STYLES, ADAPTED TO ALL USES FROM THE SMALLEST. YET HAVING THE MASON &HAMLIN CHARACTERISTICS, at 2* 22.up to"HE MASON AND HAMLIN COMPANY MANUFACTURE UPRIGHT PIANOFORTES ADDING TO ALL IMPROVEMENTS ONE OF PECULIAR PRACTICAL VALUE, TENDING TO GREATEST PURITY AND REFINEMENT OF TONE AND DURABILITY, ESPECIALLY DIMINISHED LIABILITY TO GET OUT OF TUNE.

CIRCULARS FREE.

SOLID ON ZE-^S-E 0?3S3R.^d:S CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED.

45 and 47 W. First South St., Salt Lake City.

HENRY DINWOODEY.

3Ss FUfiNITUim.

Carpets Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, -Ml BABY CARRIAGES, i*f- SLEDS, BRACKETS, luTIIRIROIRS, EVERYTHING IN HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, First South St.* Salt Lake City.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0901eng

LIEUT. -GEN. JOSEPH SMITH.

®fj£ (ffitlorj of (Btolj is Intilli%tntt.

Vol.

IX.

NOVEMBER, 1887.

No.

1.

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

LMOST from the day of its inception Mormonism has encountered harsh treatment.

Joseph Smith was the object, not only of ridicule, but of hatred and persecution in the early days of his mission, and the Church subsequently organized by him met with fierce opposition, from sectarians chiefly, from the very moment of its birth.

It is not intended to trace minutely here the many sufferings undergone by the Church;

that, indeed, would require volumes, but simply to refer to the wrongs unjustly heaped upon the Latterday

Saints, in sufficient detail to illustrate the reason and propriety that led, in after days, to the formation of the Nauvoo Legion, and to present a correct view of the objects of that body, as contemplated by its founder.

If it can be shown that Mormons have been persecuted, not because of their own wickedness, but because of the intolerance of their neighbors, that they have been atrociously maltreated because they dared to differ radically but legitimately from their fellows,—a sufficient excuse will be found, if indeed any excuse be needed in this republican country, that the Mormon people desired to organize themselves into a militia, under proper laws, for use on proper occasions, in the preservation of their inherent rights of personal security, personal liberty and private property.

The second amendment to the Constitution declares that, "a well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to bear arms shall not be infringed."The history of this provision dates back to the English Bill of Rights of 1688, where it stood, says Judge Cooley, in his Principles of Constitutional Law, "as a pledge of the new ruler that this tyrannical action should cease.

The right declared was meant to be a strong moral check against the usurpation and arbitrary power of rulers, and as a necessary and efficient means of regaining rights when temporarily overturned by usurpation."

The adoption of the provision into the

United States Constitution is an admission, which opponents of the Mormon Church have never been willing to make, that the majority of people in the States or in the Union, or the governments themselves, might not always be expected to avoid the rock of usurpation.

It is a confession on the part of our sagacious forefathers that the citizens of this country, though republicans, and the governments thereof, though democracies, might not always, ipsafacto, remain the exponents of liberty.

There was little necessity in our form of government to provide safeguards for the liberties of the majority, by whom all officers are elected and all laws are made, but it was deemed necessary to provide against the oppression of the individual or the weaker party.

And when the Mormon people, after the untold sufferings and the unredressed wrongs of Missouri, found themselves safely settled in

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

Illinois, one of their first cares was to provide an armed force, under the sanction of the Constitution and the laws of the State, which might not only stand, in general, as the friend of liberty and the supporter of the laws, but, in particular, as a moral force, which, it was hoped, would prevent a recurrence of persecution.

And who could object that the Mormons, like other citizens, saw fit to enroll themselves into the militia?

Only those who entertain the opinion that the Legion was organized either to uphold crime or to commit overt acts against the peace and happiness of others.

As to the latter point, the well known inoffensive and defensive record of the Legion is sufficient answer; while as to the former, it may be well to review briefly the causes of Mormon troubles from the standpoint of the Latter-day Saints.

To the person born among the Latterday Saints, or to anyone sufficiently conversant with their lives and motives, the assertions of their opponents, that Mormon troubles have resulted from Mormon crime can be viewed only as malicious slanders.

If there be any fact within the full knowledge of every Mormon, who has had the opportunity to observe, it is that the early persecutions of the Church, whatever may have been their cause, were not due to a lack of virtue, honesty, or of righteousness, in any sense, among the followers of Joseph Smith.

It is the testimony of the writer, according to his opportunities of observation, that the Mormon people are not excelled, if, indeed, they are equalled by any people, in chastity, in honesty, in industry, or in any of those virtues requisite to good citizenship.

The Mormon and the unprejudiced student of his history will look elsewhere in search of the causes of the persecutions in Missouri and Illinois.

They will find plenty of charges against the honesty and purity of the Latter-day Saints, sustained in some instances by affidavits, but they will dismiss them as did General Atchison, who, having been sent to the seat of trouble in 1838, wrote to the governor, as the result of his investigations, that "things are not so bad as represented by affidavits.

Your excellency has been deceived by designing or half crazy men.

There is no cause of alarm on account of the

Mormons."The principal cause of Mormon misfortunes in Missouri was the character of the population.

It will be remembered that Independence, where they first attempted to settle, was on the western border of the state, which itself was on the western border of civilization.

Beyond stretched the domain of the savage.

The population was composed entirely of frontiersmen, all of whom, little accustomed to the restraints of law and unschooled in the lesson of its supremacy, were in the habit of correcting fancied grievances in their own way.

Justice and injustice were done in the same primitive manner.

Where passion, favor and prejudice are the jurors, and the network of safeguards that the law throws around the accused, are ruthlessly brushed aside, it is not surprising that a guiltless but unpopular sect should be made to suffer.

All were rough, many were desperadoes and outlaws.

The proximity of the borders, the Indian traffic, the remoteness from effective civilization and laws, combined to make Jackson and its neighboring counties, particularly unfavorable localities for the settlement of a peculiar people.

The mobocratic spirit of lawlessness in 1834, in that section, may be understood when the difficulties of twenty years later, during the squatter sovereignty troubles, are contemplated.

The unhappy condition of the Mormons, who could have no sympathy with the heterogeneous people among whom they found themselves, is further seen in the resolution of the Clay Co. citizens to the effect that the Mormons must go, partly because they were "Eastern men, with manners, habits, customs and even dialect different from Missourians."The determination of the people of Jackson County to rid themselves of the Mormons was set forth in a document called the Secret Constitution, which stated that, "the civil

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

law did not afford them a sufficient guarantee against threatening evils"and that they proposed to get rid of the Mormons "peaceably if they could, forcibly if they must."The principal cause of Mormon unpopularity was their unity.

They came among the people of Jackson with no desire to unite with them in their lawless and irreligious course; they came to the

Land of Zion to serve the Lord and to unite, as was their undoubted right, in the building up of His work.

Having an object in view they appreciated the facts of disunion.

Their religion was a startling innovation; they were "eastern men"having little sympathy with their surroundings.

They were no doubt exclusive; exclusive in their worship, exclusive in their friendship and in their dealings. They perhaps discouraged the attentions of Gentiles to their daughters, and forbade intermarriage.

Exclusiveness was their crime.

In the nature of things, perhaps, they could not have gained the friendship of their neighbors by such a course, but should they have encountered their enmity?

They were a peaceable class of citizens, honest and industrious.

It is impossible to conceive of a cause more obviously entitled to the protection of the genius of our institutions than that of the Latter-day Saints in Missouri.

They must be drawn from their possessions because, forsooth, they do not choose to fraternize with their neighbors, because their objects are a little different, and they desire unity rather than strife.

It has been the province of monarchial despotisms in this world's history, to insist upon uniformity, to bend the opinions, if possible, and the practices of their subjects into the same shape; and it was the mission of the Constitution to found a government which should recognize the individuality of man, and concede his right to seek happiness in any direction he chose, under the protection of the laws, with the single limitation that he must not trench upon the liberties of others.

Instead, therefore, of the Mormon people being open to the charge of being unAmerican in being united in settling together, in supporting each other, ete., they are unmistakably and distinctively Americans, because they are enjoying the fruits of American liberty, in seeking their own happiness without interference with that of others.

The Latterday Saints have always heard much concerning "American sentiment,"and "American institutions,"when there is no room under the American government for sentiment and institutions in the sense in which those words are used.

If "sentiment"and "institutions"are the iron bedsteads upon which every innovation is to be fitted, there will be little opportunity for the government to fill the measure of its creation and to insure to every cause whether popular or unpopular, the support of the laws so long as the rights of others are not infringed.

Rights, in this country, like fences, are entitled to be set along the edge of our own ground, no matter how fondly our neighbor may desire some of our estate for his flower bed or cabbage patch.

At a meeting of the citizens of Jackson County, July 20, 1833, an address was unanimously adopted, which, among other things, declared that the evils which threatened their community, by the Mormons settling among them, were such that no one could have foreseen, and were therefore unprovided for by the laws;

and the delays incident to legislation would put the mischief beyond all remedy.

The fear was expressed that if the Saints were not interfered with the day would not be far distant when the civil government of the county would be in their hands, when the officers would be Mormons, or persons wishing to court their favor.

It is asked: "What would be the fate of our lives and property, in the hands of jurors and witnesses, who do not blush to declare, and would not upon occasion hesitate to swear that they have wrought miracles, and have been the subjects of miraculous and supernatural cures, have conversed with God and angels, and possess and exercise the gifts of divination, and unknown tongues, and fired with the prospects of obtaining inherit-

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

ances without money and without price, may be better imagined than described. "*

The politicians desired to get rid of the

Mormons as an uncertain element, apt either to capture the offices themselves, or to seek one or the other of the political parties as their interests might dictate.

Nearly every one has witnessed the ardor with which politics glow in the breast of the average American.

They are almost bread and butter to him.

And this is not unnatural since it is in the hands of the voter that all power rests.

We have all witnessed the length to which politics will lead men.

Review for a moment the features of the last Presidential campaign; think of its acrimonies, its lack of candor, its groundless fears, its deception.

Go back to the Tilden campaign, when it was feared by some of the wisest men in the nation, that the resulting uncertainties would lead to revolution, so high did the current of politics run.

And in all the history of politics, there is perhaps, no class of voters more despised by the great parties than the independents.

The feelings with which a republican regards a democrat are the ecstacy of friendship compared with his hatred for the mugwump or the prohibitionist.

Not only were the Mormons the political opponents of the old inhabitants, but on account of the radical nature of their religious doctrines they became the common enemy of all Christian ministers, who, if they united upon nothing else, were able to unite in waging relentless opposition to a Church, which differed far more from any of them than they differed from each other.

It has been the mission of the Latterday Saints, in a certain sense, to cast a reproach upon other sects of Christianity.

They alone have stood forth asserting that God is again in communication with man, that He has established a Church, which He guides by revelation; that the gifts of healing, speaking in tongues, prophesying, etc., have been restored;

that, in short, they possess not only the form of godliness but the power thereof.

^Contributor, Volume VII, page 81.

As the water fowl which have been quarreling among themselves unite in opposition to the bird of prey, so the denominations of Christianity,little agreeing in general, have been ready to unite in opposition to a common enemy.

Where revelation and miracles become a bone of contention, mere questions of form and refinements of definition sink into insignificance.

It is for these reasons, chiefly, that Mormonism has always been, and will ever continue to be the bete noir of sectarianism.

But besides the opposition due to its radical features, it will be conceded by the student of history that it must have encountered much, regardless of its tenets; from the simple fact of its recent birth, since it has been the misfortune of every newly born sect to meet with the instant oppression of every older body.

In the vanguard of nearly every attack made upon the Mormons throughout the course of their history have been arrayed professing ministers of the Gospel, and this has been so whether the attack has been by lawless mobs or by more gentler agencies.

Antagonized alike by the political and religious, and regarded with little favor by the social interests of the country, the season of Mormon rest was soon disturbed.

It became fashionable to malign them, to misinterpret their words and to resort to all manner of scurvy devices to inflame popular prejudice. The fact they were not slaveholders was very much against them in a slaveholding state, and became the source of much opposition, when designing men invented and circulated the malicious falsehood that the

Mormons were interfering with the slaves and encouraging free people of color to settle in the state.

This charge was promptly denied by the Mormons in their newspaper;

but the seeds were sown, and like weeds in a congenial soil could not be rooted out.

Another source of popular prejudice, by means of which corrupt scoundrels were able to poison the minds of the ignorant classes of the population, and thus render them parties to their nefarious schemes and which, like the former charge, was not without some

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

show of reason, was the assertion that the Mormons expected to obtain "inheritances"without money and without price.

In vain did the Mormons point to the fact that they had uniformly purchased their real estate; in vain did they state that the Lord, while expressing his determination that the Saints should yet have Jackson County as an inheritance, commanded them to purchase the land;

in vain did this hapless people point to ah epistle recently sent forth to the churches abroad, in which it was stated:

"But to suppose that we can come up here and take possession of this land by the shedding of blood would be setting at naught the law of the glorious Gospel, and also the word of our great Redeemer; and to suppose that we can take possession of this country withoutmaking regular purchases of the same, according to the laws of our nation, would be reproaching this great republic, in which most of us were born and under whose auspices we all have protection."

As to alleged crimes, there is in Missouri, as there afterwards was in Illinois, a singular absence of trials and convictions of Mormons, a fact that strengthens the belief of the Mormons of the present day that the tales of the Mormon lawlessness were then, as they are now, baseless libels for sinister purposes.

Another charge against the Mormons made with some frequency at the time of their expulsion, was that they had burned the houses of their oppressors.

It is true that numbers of worthless log cabins, after being stripped of their effects, were committed to the flames.

But the Mormons deny that they did it;

and assert that the Missourians themselves, in some instances through ignorant fear and in others through pure diabolism had fired their cabins and cast the blame upon the Mormons.

At first blush it would seem that "the game was not worth the candle"but fortunately for the statements of the Latter-day Saints, there is corroberative evidence.

At an earlier day, certain citizens of Missouri, afterwards convicted for the offenses, had set fire to their own cabins with the view of raising popular excitement against a band of Indians passing through the country on a peaceable hunting expedition.

And, furthermore, there are the statements of Governor Ford that the mobbers of Illinois subsequently resorted to the same infamous means to inflame the minds of the people.

In view of such methods, it is not surprising that many people of both states were honestly convinced of the wickedness of the Mormons.

Another reason why the Mormons were driven from Missouri, and one not without considerable force, is found in the fact that they were not strong enough to defend themselves and no one seemed to be able, though willing, to render them effective aid.

Governor Dunklin seemed to be determined to restore the Latter-day Saints to their possessions in Jackson County, but he encountered almost insuperable difficulties. Had he called out the militia, the same men would be found in ranks, who the day before had smashed the Mormon printing press and burned the home of the editor.

An attempt to protect the Latter-day Saints with such troops would have been farcical.

It is true that other means were open to him, but he afterwards became convinced that civil war in the county would result if the Mormons should attempt to hold their possessions, and permitted the wrong to go unrighted.

Previously to the conviction, however, he wrote to

Colonel Thornton: "A more clear and indisputable right does not exist than that the Mormon people, who were expelled from their homes in Jackson County, should return and live on their lands, and if they cannot be persuaded to give up that right, or to qualify it, my course as the chief executive of the state is a plain one."The citizens of Clay County afterwards set forth in their enumeration of reasons why the Mormons should leave the county, the objection that their "religious tenets are so different that deep prejudice would always result,"which is, by the way, a substantial confirmation of Mormon statements as to the causes of the expulsion.

It is however chiefly in the expressed opinion

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

of Governor Dunklin that those statements find confirmation.

He says, "I am fully persuaded that the eccentricity of the religious opinions and practices of the Mormons, is at the bottom of the outrages committed against them."

These outrages unredressed invited others, until it became extremely fashionable to kick and cuff the Mormon around at pleasure, with the result finally of driving him, despoiled of his property, ruined in health, deprived of some relative through untimely disease or the assassins'bullet, from the State.

And this consummation was due primarily to the malice of Governor Boggs, who expressly ordered his militia to exterminate the Mormons or drive them from the commonwealth.

Were they cowards that they did not fight?

It was the opinion of the brave General Doniphan, who, after expressing agreement with the statement of a former speaker at a certain meeting, to the effect that the Mormons were better than a good many old citizens, said:"The Mormons have armed themselves, and if they don't fight they are cowards.""In Illinois,"says Governor Ford,* "the Mormons were received as sufferers in the cause of their religion.

Several counties and neighborhoods vied with each other in offers of hospitality, and in endeavors to get the strangers to settle among them."

They determined to settle in Hancock County, with headquarters at Commerce, the name of which was changed to Nauvoo.

The Saints were now in repose, and had opportunity of reviewing the events of their unhappy career.

That they had been unjustly driven from Missouri, under circumstances of peculiar atrocity, they were fully convinced.

Conscious of their own innocence, and convinced of their undoubted right to dwell in peace on the land they had purchased, they were forced to the conclusion that they would still be on the land of their choice if they had been properly protected in their rights.

But they had not been so protected.

Little or no effort was made to * History of Illinois, p. 126.

resist the lawless encroachments of the mob.

In the state of public feeling, it was perhaps impossible to render effective aid, at least, that was so by means of local officials and local militia, the latter being but an organized mob.

On the other hand, it was seen that there had been many occasions where militia drawn from the Mormon settlements could have been called out under the laws, and must have proven invaluable in the support of law and order.

Such a force might never have had occasion to go into action, its moral influence would have been sufficient to prevent many outrages on the part of cowardly robbers and assassins.

The knowledge that there was such a force at the command of constituted authority would have proven a wholesome check.

These facts were duly appreciated by the Mormon leaders, and steps were soon taken to secure a State Charter for a militia organization at Nauvoo.

While upon the subject of the causes of Mormon unpopularity and maltreatment in the east, it may not be unappropriate to disarrange the thread of our narrative and to discuss at this point, the causes leading to the expulsion from Nauvoo.

It is the testimony of Governor Ford, who is certainly not a witness prejudiced in favor of Mormonism, that the class of people among whom the Mormons fell in Hancock County, were little if any better than their former neighbors, the out-laws of western Missouri.

"I had a good opportunity to know the early settlers of Hancock County,"he writes,* "and to my certain knowledge, the early settlers, with some honorable exceptions, were, in popular language, hard cases."He briefly reviews the history of that section of the State, f from i8i6-i7,when it was overrun with horse thieves and counterfeiters, among whom were numbered sheriffs, constables and justices of the peace.

Regulators appeared in bands and were winked at by the governor, a fact which, not regretable in many respects, yet served no doubt to * History, p. 406.

f p. 232,

THE NAUVOO LEG10'A.

teach the inhabitants that it was proper to take the law in their own hands at their pleasure. These vagabonds, within ten years of the settlement of the Saints in Illinois, built a fort in Pope County, and actually defied attack.

It was finally stormed and carried in 1851, at the loss of several lives.

Riots were of frequent occurrence.

Those at Alton in 1837 resulted in the death of Rev. E.

P.

Lovejoy, a fervent abolitionist;

while at Oregon, in 1841, the county court house was burned by a lawless mob.

Mobs are possible in this country, says Governor Ford, because it was never contemplated that one portion of the people would attempt to play tyrant over another; and, moreover, the only mode of handling them is to call out the militia, who are, he states, nine times out of ten, partisans on one side or the other, and who may be relied on to do battle only in a popular service;

but if mobs are raised to drive out horse-. thieves, to put down claim jumpers, to destroy an abolition press or to expel an odious sect, the militia cannot be brought to act against them efficiently.

Men, he states, engaged in unpopular projects expect more protection from the laws than the laws can furnish in the face of popular excitement.

"I# am willing to acknowledge,"he writes, "that all this is wrong, but how is the evil to be avoided?

The abolitionists of Alton, relying upon their right to print and publish whatever they pleased, planted themselves firmly as if to test the power of the government to put down the people upon whom alone it rests for support.""The same,"he continues, "may be said of the Mormons.

Scattered through the country they might have lived in peace, but they insisted upon their right to congregate in one great city.

The people were determined that they should not exercise this right, and the government was powerless against such combinations."

And again the governor, after stating that all history bears testimony that innovations upon religion have always been accompanied by a hostility in the public mind, says that the unusual hostility to the Mormons was due to the fact that they congregated in one city, where the world had little opportunity of becoming acquainted with them.

This unprecedented criminal desire on the part of the Mormons to live together was enough to call down upon them the wrath of their patriotic neighbors!

It does not do to permit violation of the law because the objects sought are conceived to be righteous.

If the early mobs of Illinois, regardless of their aim, had been stamped out of existence, the invaluable lesson of submitting grievances to the cool judgment of the law and abiding by its decrees, would have been taught and an innocent people secured in their liberties. The law cannot be disregarded without disenthroning justice to seat prejudice and favor in her place.

Governor Ford, after enumerating several alleged causes for Mormon unpopularity, states his own opinion, which is a valuable testimonial to* the good character of the people and a corroboration of their side of the story.

He says:* "But the great cause of popular fury was that the Mormons at several preceding elections had cast their votes as a unit;

thereby making the fact apparent that no one could aspire to the honors or offices of the country, within the sphere of their influence, without their approbation and votes."The Saints, he states, deemed it important to be united, but this seems to him to be a fruitful source of excitement, violence and mobocracy.

"This one principle and practice of theirs arrayed against them in deadly hostility all aspirants for office who are not sure of their support, all who have been unsuccessful in elections, and all who were too proud to court their influence, and all their friends and connections.""These, also, were the active men in blowing up the fury of the people in hopes that a popular movement might be set on foot, which would result in the expulsion or extermination of the

Mormon voters."Could a more con> plete case be set up in favor of the Latter-day Saints?

And it is certain that the * History of Illinois, p. 329.

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

authority is unexceptionable, for Governor Ford was well aware of the fearful charge laid at his door by the Saints;

and had therefore no reason for favoring a people long since passed out of sight beyond the western horizon, who were his avowed enemies.

The Mormons came into Illinois with a record of having supported the democratic party, but for sufficient reason, saw fit to support the whigs in 1840 and 1841.

The democrats wisely refrained from abusing them hoping for their return to their old love, which, indeed, was not long delayed.

And, "the whigs"says Governor Ford, "seeing that they were out-generalled by the democrats in securing the Mormon vote, became seriously alarmed, and sought to repair their disaster by raising a kind of crusade against the people.

The whig newspaper teemed with accounts of the wonders and enormities of Nauvoo, and of the awful wickedness of a party which would consent to receive the support of such miscreants."Other offenses, and real ones, were charged against the Saints here as in Missouri.

Counterfeiters and horse thieves abounded in Illinois and Iowa, arfd every crime committed was promptly credited to the Mormons, without, however, in any case, save a very few, proof to substantiate the charge.

William Law, who ought to be good authority to apostates and Mormonhaters, published, while still a member of the Church, a letter, saying he had heard much about Mormon crimes, and asking for proof, why it was that in a country, whose law officials were nonMormon there had been no convictions.

The unpopularity of the Mormons being once engendered, we find that tricks were resorted to to secure the public disfavor similar to those of Missouri.

Governor Ford, says:

"For this purpose public meetings had been called;

inflammatory speeches had been made;

exaggerated reports had been circulated;

committees had been appointed who rode day and night to spread the reports and solicit the aid of neighboring counties.

A system of excitement and agitation was artfully planned and executed with tact.

It consisted in spreading reports and rumors of the most fearful character."* Applications for troops came from here and there, and upon investigation it was found there was absolutely no necessity for them.

Larcenies were rumored, none were found.

Sixteen horses were said to have been stolen by Mormons at

Lima;

but at Lima it was said none were stolen there but some had been in

Hancock, which were changed in turn to

Adams, and so it went like the chase of a jack o'lantern.

At Lima and Green Plains, he states,! the anti-Mormons appointed persons to fire a few harmless shots at their own meeting house where services were in progress, whereupon the conspirators and their dupes rode all over the county and spread dire alarm.

As a result a mob arose and burnt one hundred and seventy-five houses and huts belonging to Mormons, who fled for their lives in utter destitution, in themiddle of the sickly season.

Such have been the causes leading to Mormon troubles in Missouri and Illinois, and the methods resorted to in securing their expulsion.

They have committed offense not against the rights of their neighbors but against their fancies.

They have not sinned, but have been grievously sinned against, and two sovereign States of the Union have not been able to secure them in the possession of life or liberty, to say nothing of their happiness.

The Mormons have been peculiar in many respects, but peculiarity does not constitute crime.

There has been too much uniformity in this world, too much enforced conformity to a prescribed pattern; the American Constitution is the assertion of the right to differ, ofthe right for all to go hither or thither, as they choose, within the plain limitation that a person must so use his own liberty as not to encroach upon that of others.

R.

W. Young.

When wise men counsel thee, move with caution.

When fools entreat withdraw in haste.

* History of Illinois, p. 329.

f p. 406.

CHINESE CLASSICS.

CHINESE CLASSICS.

Being asked how a man might conduct himself so as to be everywhere appreciated Confucius said:

Let his words be sincere and truthful and his actions honorable and careful—such conduct may be practiced among the rude tribes of the south or the north.

If his words be not sincere and truthful, and his actions not honorable and careful, will he, with such conduct, be appreciated even in his own neighborhood?

The force of the above cannot fail of appreciation on the part of those almost daily witnessing the painful and humiliating efforts of intelligent men—insincere and untruthful—who, while praising integrity and proclaiming the divinity of truth, speak deceitfully and act dishonestly. When candor lays bare and the heart and spirit of discernment fathoms the thoughts of such, one looks amazed on the air of injured innocence assumed by them. They with velvet lips utter well worded prayers, even while bitter cursings swell up spontaneously from their darkened souls.

It is the serpent's trail marring the path of life.

Beware of his sting, his touch is deadly!

Sincerity truth, honesty—gems struck from the mint of heaven!

Well did the Chinese sage declare their practice good even among the rude tribes of the south and north.

Without them, what is civilization, enlightenment, religion?

An empty sham. Wherever the practice of sincerity, truth and honesty commands no premium, there will be found the leaden foot of treachery planted on the neck of betrayed confidence.

Confucius declared:

"That a man of integrity would not seek to live at the expense of his virtue,"but would sacrifice even his life, if necessary, to preserve it complete.

Such, when good government prevailed in the State, were found in office; but when bad government prevailed instead of becoming bad themselves, retired, holding their principles inviolate, and locking them in their breasts as sacred treasures, until the demand for pure government again brought them to the front.

He who makes virtue the crown of life must manfully resist every temptation to injure it.

Ambition, born of pride, with overweaning thirst for worldly fame, yokes not happily with virtue.

Unsuccessful must be every attempt to unite them, for they are not kindred.

One reigns in heaven, the other in hell.

The devotees of one are willing to sacrifice life itself to preserve it complete.

The devotees of the other are willing to sacrifice honor, truth and justice in order to maintain the supremacy of wrong over right.

Men make governments, not governments men.

Where good men rule.good government prevails.

Where bad men rule bad government prevails.

Whatever men may say to the contrary, or however much the vicious may praise the virtuous, he who as a leader surrounds himself with the dishonest, untruthful and deceitful—minions who in secret darkness revel with the drunken and mix with the vile while cloaked with holy professions, is a bad leader, whose example is pernicious, hurtful, and dangerous.

While praising purity he encourages perjury, while lauding truth he fosters deceit, while exalting honesty by word, he employs the treacherous to carry into effect unholy schemes by which iniquity prospers, and wrong doing goes unwhipped of justice, while good men stand afar off, patiently waiting for reformation when specious 'talkers will be banished and honesty have charge of public trust.

The great Chinese philosopher thought "their case indeed a hard one,"when a number were together for a whole day without their conversation turning on righteousness.

When those intrusted with grave state and church matters are able to prove themselves great only in small things, giving their time to the consideration of petty matters involving nought but suggestions of small shrewdness/the case is indeed a hard one, because the "Superior man in everything considers righteousness essential."

In government, princi-

IO THE BULGARIAN SITUATION.

pie, doctrine, "he brings it forth in humility and completes it in sincerity."Instead of considering wealth a man's power, he considers righteousness the parent of confidence, and the love of the people eternal riches.

While holding that specious words confound virtue, yet promotes none because of words, he does not put aside good counsel because of men.

Watching truth drawing the rein over the neck of sincerity, he notes with regret the jockey on the back of deceit leading in the race, yet discreetly examines into a case where the multitude either hate or like a man, always remembering that "want of forbearance in small matters frequently destroys great plans.""There are,"said Confucius, "those mean creatures, and how impossible it is along with them to serve one's prince!

While they have not got their aims, their anxiety is how to get them.

When they have got them, their anxiety is lest they should lose them.

And when they are anxious lest such things be lost, there is nothing to which they will not proceed."

Those familiar with the doings and sayings in private and public life of these "mean creatures"will require little amplification of this subject, because they have witnessed many times the sacrifice of innocent goodness at the greedy shrine of an ambition that hesitates at nothing in its blind struggle for place and power.

Denying the thing one moment, and actually repeating it the next;

guilty in act hut innocent in word—ambitious, autocratic, scheming, restless determined—clothed in the robes of prayerful humility, how impossible indeed is the service of one's prince with them!

Sleepless, watchful, insidious, how can blunt candor and honest truth cope with such before the fallible tribunal of imperfect human judgments!

God with an all seeing eye, can alone pierce, and with a hand that varies not, weigh such up, for what they are.

"Greatly distinguished are you O! grand Teacher Yin; the people all look up to you.

But rulers of kingdoms may not neglect to be careful.

If they deviate to a mean selfishness they will be a disgrace in the

Empire."In the Book of Poetry, it is said, before the sovereigns of the Yin dynasty had lost the hearts of the people, they could appear before God.

Take warning from the House of Yin.

The great decree is not easily preserved.

This shows that, by gaining the people the kingdom is gained, and by losing the people the kingdom is lost.

On this account the ruler will first take pains about his own virtue.

Possessing virtue will give him the people.

Possessing the people will give him the territory.

Possessing the territory will give him wealth.

Possessing wealth, he will have resources for expenditure.

"Virtue is the root; wealth the result.

If he make the root his secondary object, and the result his primary, he will only wrangle with his people and teach them (by his example) rapine.

Hence the accumulation of wealth (on the part of rulers) is the way to scatter the people."When the Duke Gae inquired of Yew Jo saying—the year is one of scarcity, and the returns for expenditure are not sufficient, what shall be done?

Yew Jo answering said, "why not simply tithe the people?""With two tenths, I have not enough.

How could I do with the system of one tenth?""If,"said Yew Jo "the people have plenty, their prince will not be left to want alone.

If the people are in want their prince connot surely enjoy plenty alone!"Moses Thatcher.

THE BULGARIAN SITUATION.* The Bulgarians do not despair, they have again gone through all the formali- * Conclusion of the Eastern Question series in Volume Eight.

ties of a grand election, and this time offered the throne to Prince Ferdinand of Coburg, a commander in the Austrian army.

His willingness to accept regal

THE BULGARIAN SITUATION.

II dignities he has already expressed, providing the great powers grant their approval.

Especially desirable was it in his opinion to secure the sanction of Prince Bismarck and the Czar, the two foremost characters in European affairs.

But Russia does not recognize the authority of the regents who called the national assembly, so that all the modus operandi of the recent election is considered void by the Muscovite, who has long since broken off all diplomatic relations with the Turkish principality.

Russia wants regents appointed according to her own dictum, and the war department so modeled as to meet the exigencies of her own selfish policy.

Tins would practically install the insignificant Russian minority and pave the way by which any proposed and subordinate candidate of the Czar could be easily made a puppet on the throne.

The Slavonic nations are all prone to anarchy, and the force of intrigue would soon enervate and degenerate the patriotism wiiich has not failed to awaken admiration for the great majority of the Bulgarians during their late struggles.

Ten years ago the enthusiasm for the liberators of their country was unbounded.

Tlu;

ruble has since disappeared, Russian officers and language no longer command, and the people's sympathies and gratitude have given way to suspicion and distrust, in consequence of intrigue and the subordination of national aspirations.

To deliberately hand Bulgaria over to Russia in order to satisfy the latter's demand for a legal status, which has no other meaning than that Russia has found a slight pretext for interference, the Turkish government has not the least intention nor the regency the moral right, as the present approved representatives of the people.

According to present journalistic discussions three methods of solving the question are agitated, each of which is favorably or unfavorably considered in pursuance of the respective standpoints from which such speculations have arisen.

The more optimistic hope the Czar may be pursuaded to forego the conditions of legal status which he has insisted upon and accept, for the sake of peaceful adjustment of European difficulties, the Coburger whose personality formerly made a favorable impression in the political circles of St Petersburg.

In support of such a proposition it can hardly be said that Russia's policy is a peaceiul one, nor is she at all likely to submit to what she has all along considered Bulgarian effrontery, Bulgarian in so far as it concerns the position of the regency.

How, again it might be asked, is Russia to establish diplomatic relations.

Her representatives she called away in an angry mood and to send them back without a single concession would be a national humiliation no one should seriously expect so great a nation to make.

No great power respects so little the dignity of a rival as to use persuasion in such a case.

That the Prince of Coburg should suddenly appear in Bulgaria, assume regal responsibilities and await the action of the great powers, which it is hoped might wield pressure to force Russia into acquiescence or hold her back from interference and thereby leave the Bulgarians to themselves in the enjoyment of a princely government, is a stroke of policy sometimes advocated by the more reckless, to force Europe to assume the role of protectorate.

It is argued that the sanction of all the great powers except Russia, would morally suffice to meet the exigencies of the present situation.

In such a case he would rule without the consent of the Czar. Such premises are false, as it is not at all likely France, whose sympathies run with Russia in the Bulgarian question, would favor any coercive measures of the kind.

Again there will always be rubles and scapegoats enough to revolutionize the country or endanger the life of the prince.

The treaty of Berlin however provides that the consent of the great powers shall be unanimous and that the right of a prince to rule in this Turkish principality shall be confirmed by a government firman issued by the Sultan.

Turkey will not break treaty stipulations with Russia and the pressure

THE BULGARIAN SITUATION.

of the St Petersburg government in this case would suppress the firman.

But Prince Ferdinand claims great respect for international law and from all his pretentions no one should expect him to entertain so dangerous a scheme, whose certain failure would only dishonor him, besides further disregard for the already injured Berlin Treaty must tend to international anarchy and complicate European differences.

Such pro- ^ posed solutions are too speculative to deserve serious consideration they are oftener referred to by the more thoughtful in the first case to make plain all improbabilities, and in the latter to demonstrate the dangers of an adventurous policy.

It is now a year since the regency undertook to manage the affairs of their country, and so faithfully have they discharged the duties incumbent upon them, and with such discretion, that the confidence inspired makes a continuation of the present status quo preferable to any coup d'etat.

Modesty and a sense of reconciliation on their part required that the Sobranje'be called to not only go through with the form of what must have appeared to them a useless elec-. tion, but to confirm through the elected representatives of the people the authority of the regency.

To continue therefore the existing regime and trust to a diplomatic game peacefully undertaken or forced seems to be the only course for

Bulgarians to pursue.

The best guarantee of peace that Europe now has is the triple alliance of Germany, Austria and

Italy, and it is hardly too much to say that the moral influence and national probity, as well as the strength of Germany, contribute more to the welfare of Europe than is felt from any other of the great powers.

In the oriental questions, doubts and uncertainty lie most in Austrian policy.

The suspicion that Austria would not hesitate, under a favorable pretext, to extend her boundaries on the south as far as Salonica at the expense of the Turks is not wholly unjustifiable.

It would open a rich country to commerce, and give her an excellent seaport on the ^Egean.

As the movement to open the resources of the orient must prove fruitful, such advantages to Austria would be inestimable so long as he enjoys peace at home.

It is this aggressive policy of Austria that inspires hope among the panslavists and which creates uncertainty respecting the future policy of Austrian statesmen.

The triple alliance appears to be the best security against any understanding between Russia and

Austria, and thus in some degree one may account for the animosity that prevails in the former country against Germany for reasons that do not always appear on the surface.

It is however, doubtful if Austrian policy is a wise one—wise in so far as it aims to extend the empire among Slavonic races.

They are already a source of internal weakness, and when they consider opportunities favorable will be more than likely disposed to disrupture the nation.

It would seem then that Franz Joseph has Slavs enough, and as an extension of his already conglomerate empire can bring him but a revolutionary element it may be reasonably inferred that Austria's greatness is not to be sought in an enlarged domain, but in internal order and a reconciliation of the Slavonic dependencies.

If Austria, instead of exciting Turkey's suspicion, would ally herself with that country in a defensive policy against Russian aggression, these two nations whose interests are so mutual, could defeat the panslavonic movement.

It is true Russia confines herself at present chiefly to the agitation of the Slavs under Turkish rule;

but if she became successful in her efforts in that country, there is not the least ground for- Austria to hope to secure peace from her Muscovite neighbor, who is now employing his persuasive powers to induce Austria to concede less to the German alliance and more to

Russian wishes.

The friendship of Austria is as fervently sought as that of

England before the crisis of 1877 and 1878.

It is a species of coquetting on the part of panslavonic journalism.

The -best suggestive peaceful solution then of the question would be in an alii-

THE BULGARIAN SITUATION.

ance between Austria and Turkey.

The Danubian states which are now left to a neutral and uncertain policy would undoubtedly support such an alliance against what they unmistakably understand to be a danger to their future development and independence.

As long as Austria continues an aggressive policy in the direction of Salonica and seeks to win over the smaller states to subordination instead of allowing them to develop strictly national interests they will grow no less jealous of her than of Russia.

The recent dissatisfaction in Servia demonstrates the evil tendencies of an unjust interference.

The small states have reason to be suspicious of both Russia and Austria.

When they can be independent they will choose a policy of their own;

but as long as their interests are menaced on one side they will naturally drift to the other.

Through such fickleness the governments degenerate and the governed submit readily to anarchy. Austria might, by giving proper assurance, define the policy of the Danubian states, secure an alliance with Turkey and stem the current of panslavism.

Her influence under such circumstances would procure her unequalled advantages in the Ottoman empire and extend her commerce.

As, however, there is not the least indication of any confidential understanding between them and no other combination appears favorable it would be the merest guess work to say what the outcome will be.

The great powers go on piling up old grudges and when the time comes for paying them off the mammoth war preparations now in progress indicates how the difficulty is to be solved.

The Turk is a natural politician and has played his part in the recent complications admirably well.

He is not likely to take the initiative again as he did in 1877 when England betrayed Turkish confidence.

Christians have freedom to their heart's content, so that no religious questions give cause to set forth grievances, or make demands of the government. The discord of the great powers serves Turkish diplomacy well, and is the best guarantee for the future existence of the Ottoman empire.

The wonder is not that the Sultan's domains should be menaced, but that they should not have been broken up long ago.

The present Sultan is considered an improve ment on his predecessors for generations back.

Men that are in a position to express intelligent opinions pronounce him the most indefatigable worker of any monarch in Europe.

By nature he is a timid man, but his timidity serves to make him cautious.

The foreign policy he directs himself and the labors of the

Sublime Porte he carefully scrutinizes.

The Turk is a creature of procrastination, he can never understand what makes the European in such a hurry, and "we'll see"is his favorite political maxim.

His peculiar circumstances prevent a definite policy.

Nobody is exactly satisfied with him; the Englishman grumbles when his policy is not in the direction of

British interests, and the Russian laments the fate of oriental christians when arbitrary interferences are sought.

The consuls and vice-consuls vie with each other in demonstrating the influence of their respective governments.

Each dictates according to the ascending or descending influence in which his country stands.

The Sultan at Constantinople as well'as the hosts of pachas throughout the empire have a multitude of conflicting wishes, in which foreign diplomacy is concerned, to consult.

Some diplomat or foreign agent is always liable to be offended, and it may be the policy of his nation to seek offense.

Poverty 'exercises a baneful influence and the corruptions of the backsheesh are proverbial.

Affairs are badly managed in the empire and one hardly knows which to admire most, foreign intrigue or internal maladministration.

The empire is enormous and full of natural wealth.

Commerce is yearly extending European interests.

These interests are so complex and grasping that scarcely two men are to be found with like opinions respecting what will or what ought to be done.

J. M. Tanner.

Outward bound—books.

H PALACE OF THE EMPEROR.

PALACE OF THE EMPEROR.

The palace of the aged Emperor of Germany stands at the end of the celebrated Linden Allee (Lime-Tree Avenue), which constitutes the most aristocratic quarter of Berlin.

The palace itself is a modest two-storey building, approached by a broad drive;

its main door being guarded day and night by two sentinels.

In the spacious entrance-hall there is nothing specially remarkable, except a curious clock suspended from the ceiling.

The first room reached is that of the adjutant on duty.

It is very plain, its only ornament being a series of terra-cotta figures (models of the various kinds of troops in the German army), arranged round the wall on a wooden shelf.

Then come, one after another, the audience chamber, the sitting-room, the private study of the Emperor.

In the first are placed the standards of all the regiments garrisoned in Berlin.

The sitting room is rather more richly appointed, and is hung with interesting paintings.

The furniture is of lapis lazuli, a favorite stone of the Emperor's.

In the centre of the room is a heavy oak table, surrounded with chairs, and covered with books and writing materials, giving it the appearance of an apartment devoted to work rather than pleasure.

As a matter of fact, it is here that the Emperor holds counsel with his Ministers.

His writing-case lies before his arm-chair at the head of the table;

it is of brown leather, surmounted with a portrait of Frederick the Great.

From the room is reached the private study, with that historical corner window, at which the Emperor annually appears when the troops parade past with presented arms, to the sound of the Prussian national hymn, iiHeil dir un Sieges- ^ra;;-'."A few steps from the window is the writing-table and the Emperor's low-backed cane chair.

The table is covered with writing materials, comprising, among other things, a number of letter-weights in different metals, all being dogs of various breeds.

Among the books near the writing-desk the most conspicuous is a large official work on the war of 1870-71.

Not far from it is a cabinet portrait of Mohke, the silent general.

There is no other furniture in the room except a long table completely laden with books, pictures and nicknacks.

Conspicuous amid the chaos are bronze busts of Bismaick and Moltke.

Along one wall of the apartment are pictures; along the other hang maps of

Berlin, Germany, etc.

Among the pictures, two deserve special notice—one, a half-length portrait of a lady artist holding her palette and brushes;

the other, a full-length portrait of the same lady robed in ianciful draperies.

This latter hangs directly above the emperor's writing desk.

It is a winning countenance, with dark hair parted low on the forehead, the features regular, the eyes dark, dreamy and melancholy.

The smaller of these two pictures bears the name "Emma G.

R."It is Madame Gajotti Richards, the beautiful young artist who attracted the admiring friendship of the emperor when he was yet a youthful prince.

Signorina Gajotti was the youngest and loveliest of the three sisters, whose acquaintance Prince William made while he happened to be staying at the same hotel with them in Italian-Switzerland.

Her beauty and talent for painting attracted the devotion of an Englishman, one Mr Richards, whom she married, and with whom she subsequently removed to Berlin.

Next to the study comes the long library richly lined with books.

They are mostly, however, of a strategical character.

In this apartment, the emperor is in the habit of taking his lunch, slowly pacing up and down the while.

A winding, iron staircase, of about fifty steps, ascends directly from the library to the private apartments of the empress on the first floor.

To this day the emperor daily mounts this staircase;

he scorns not only the carrying chair which the empress is obliged to use, but he refused once for all the stair-carpet which

A LECTURE ON MAN.

the servants desired to lay down.

"I will have no luxury for myself,"he said, shortly and decisively, and there was an end of the matter.

A glass door, covered with a blue silk curtain, divides the library from the bedroom.

There is no admission to the latter, but it is known that the principal object it contains is the iron bed-stead.

No attendant watches while the aged Emperor sleeps.

An electric bell at the bed-head suffices to call his valet if wanted.

The latter inhabits the room immediately below the Imperial bedroom, and often does he steal upstairs uncalled when he hears his master leave his bed and restlessly pace up and down the room in the night.

The Emperor rises punctually at seven o'clock, and directly he has finished his toilet—dressing always in full uniform he takes his breakfast, a cup of coffee or tea with some light biscuit, or rusk, or roll.

Then he goes into his study and looks through the day's papers which lie ready for him printed on specially stout paper.

Soon after arrive the persons who have been commanded to speak with him, and the actual work of the day begins.

Between one and two o'clock the work is interrupted for half-an-hour, to attend to the demands of appetite.

Lunch, (consisting oftenest of soup, mutton cutlets and potatoes), is served in the library.

The dinner-hour is five, and this meal the Emperor and Empress take together.

When they are in Berlin they always dine in the Empress'rooms.

During dinner there is quiet conversation with the guests, the talk growing a little livelier towards coffee time. At nine o'clock tea is served with bread and butter; and this over the Emperor mostly retires to his study, where he often occupies himself for hours at his writing-table, for he conducts the whole of his private correspondence in person.

Often does it happen that, long after midnight, the valet, anxious about his distinguished master, softly opens the door, only to see the aged monarch bent over his desk, still absorbed in work.

Thus framed in these unpretending surroundings the picture of Emperor William stands before us, as his mother once memorably described him, "simple, straightforward and sensible."Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for flowers or fruit in autumn.

A LECTURE ON MAN.

The subject is man, individual, universalman; myself,my audience, the world a topic which never wearies and which will never become old—important alike to the builder of a city as to the unclad Indian of the prairie or the desert;

a subject in itself kingly, one to which all else is tributary, and which, from the beginning to the end of time, need only seek to know itself;

a volume which, whether read or unread, may be said to be complete and rounded as an orb; a work which issued from the publishing press of eternity, through the house of time, in unnumbered editions, will continue to circulate through all the high ways of life, till the great Author shall say it is enough.

There is nothing in all the regions of human thought but what pertains to man, all lines, branches, divergencies and switches are but collaterals, and minister to the interests and being of the great central organized idea—man! Whether in abstract science or speculative theory;

whether of the past, the present, or the future;

whether referring from astronomical lore, to the rolling worlds of space, or delving with geological research into the frame of mother earth;

whether with the rudiments of a primitive age, or with the culmination of processes evolved by all the generations of the past, this is emphatically true.

Written history is but a shadowing record, much of it mythical and save in the

i6 A LECTURE ON MAN.

synopsis of its destructive forces, its wars for power and conquest, the very ghost of acts and facts, which, in their genesis were the all in all to those who participated therein. Here and there.during the flight of ages, a solitary individual, working out an irresistible destiny, through an organization amounting to genius, has given his name to a phase of immortality, but the surging mass, the uncounted myriads have died without a name, died—almost "unwept, unhonored, and unsung."In that brief record which we deem sacred, all that can be learned of many or most of its characters, is the short, yet terse and telling epitaph, he lived—and—died!

Ther^ is a vast amount of labor expended in conveying intelligence which is untimely, as there is a vast amount of labor expended in conveying intelligence which, being unsuitable to the parties taught, becomes practically valueless.

Of what avail to the Indian race to spend years of labor in the study of belles lettres, or the intricacies of modern commerce/both of which are the outcroppings of the culture imposed by many generations?

Of what avail in the early history of Utah colonization, to have established facilities for classical education, when the crickets were wasting our harvest, and the bread that perisheth was vanishing from our fields?

Evidently then, the first intelligence which man would seek, would be that necessary to self-sustenance, to life.

Enough for us to know that the desire for life, implanted within us as a primitive instinct is at the foundation of all progress;

is, in fact, the one unfailing prophecy in which can be read everything of time or the eternities to come.

Erom this germ of the early|morning, through all the experiences of each passing hour of toil, (whether that hour was a decade, a century, or a one thousand years,) have been evolved all we know to-day of agriculture and horticulture arts or sciences—as they may be called, which are but in their infancy, yet constituting the very foundations on which we predicate the perpetuity of the human race.

This, in fact, guarantees "physical man;"in other words, the animal man or organization.

In many respects he is worthy of our admiration;

yet, by no means perfect, and probably only a faint type in this respect of what he will be by the increase of intelligence, in regard to the primary laws of life.

Physique will be modified and improved as the result of increased knowledge in regard to climatic influences;

leaving man to select the most salubrious, or reclaim that which is pestilential or pernicious.

Revolutionary ideas in regard to the general physiology of man are at work, so that the senses may act with the precision of perfection, the sight, the touch, the taste, the ear, the nervous organization, swift and reliable; and the muscular organization compact and full;

lungs, heart and stomach, each acting in harmony and free from the long catalogue of diseases, which now form those great buttresses behind which skulk a great array of quacks, soon to be scattered by the indignity of awaking man.

Intelligence in regard to physical or animal man is imperative, then; its value can not be over estimated, nor can its importance be overrated.

It is the foundation of the complex man, and you can no more expect the higher traits of man to be manifest through a diseased, perverted and abused organization than you can expect to gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles, and we may hence conclude that not only "lying lips,"but a dyspeptic stomach "are an abomination to the Lord,"a full knowledge and practice of the laws of health, life and physical well being, would preserve a quarter of the human family from the jaws of death, who now pass away before they reach the brief span of but a single year.

This of course brings us to another phase of organization viz.:

the "social man."He is the product of a necessity.

Solitude is not a normal characteristic.

It is true we have had occasionally a hermet fleeing from his fellows, as we have had the "Indian wigwam and the Arab's

A LECTURE ON MAN

tent,"but tribe and clan were easily created. Mutual offence or defense even in barbarous ages was the first fairest prophecy of government, of subordination, of social compact, of aggressive rule probably;

and even then some moody philosopher, might have been able to discern, though in a far off future, all the leading features of monarchial, and aristocratic or hereditary rule.

The germs and elements were all there, the paltry chief was the shadow of the coming emperor or king;

the clan or tribe was but the foretelling of an empire, numbering its millions and reaching from sea to sea; family grouping as now understood and desired had no existence, so men sprung to power, power begat slavery, slavery binding alike its victim and its chief, ignored or defied all that now is considered absolutely essential to life.

In social man is concentrated all of family with its foundations of marriage, including its methods, peculiarities and ceremonies, the relationship or standing the husband holds to the wife and the wife to the husband, varying from a chattel to be bought or sold, to the very latest free love ideas of equality.

In social man is included also the position each man occupies to his fellow;

not in the barbarous age alone, but in what is considered a constitutional age, with its complex machinery of municipal, state and national life; the rights, duties and privileges of citizenship, and all the intricate details of commercial, leeal and official position, all of ring and party, and clan, all of political and social man, as found in clubs and orders, and guilds from masonry of the ancient time, to the last organization of noble red men, in any string town of border ruffians.

Intelligence in regard to those forces which form the social man can never be out of place, but will always be timely.

The nature of family organization, its purposes, its safeguards, its duties, its responsibilities, should be "familiar to our mouths as household words."The grouping of families into settlements and cities, of cities into states, and states into federations or United States, can all be understood and is of far more importance to us than the knowledge of the nations of antiquity.

Other social forces which affect our interests should demand more or less of our attention, the nature of finance, the relations of labor and capital; the question of supply and demand, and the origin of poverty or wealth.

Though these problems may and doubtless will all be solved by co-operation 'or by the

Order of Enoch;

yet as Latter-day Saints, and as citizens of the world, we should study them as they are, for none are so thoroughly copable of introducing a new and desirable order of things, as those who have made themselves acquainted with and felt defects and shortcoming's of the old; none so prepared to administer a remedy as those who comprehend the nature of the disease.

In fact, social man is the foundation of society, its order, stability, perpetuity, are the result of correct ideas in this respect.

Anarchy is the fruit of ignorance, the decline and fall of nations follows the decay and dissolution of family;

revolution does not always evince method or design, and the forms of government which they inaugurate are often more unsuitable than the ones they supercede.

The social man is an advance upon the animal, he not only sustains himself, he sustains others.

His individuality or selfishness is subordinate to the welfare of his kith and kin, his tribe or clan, his station or nation.

In this, the affectional nature becomes enlarged, the idea of home is evolved, he seeks to make that pleasant to those he loves;

his passions are soothed into subjection, love of home, love of family, love of country, love of race with measured step follow each other like "Banquo's line of kings."

He becomes animated and quickened by nobler instincts, but there is yet abundant room for progress.

We need the "Intellectual Man."He probably, in his first phases feels the inventive faculties stimulated.

It has been said that necessity was the mother of invention.

Whether for the sustenance of family, or the desire for barter, invention im-

A LECTURE ON MAN.

plies mental activity, and it culminates in producing that which is desirable not for use alone but for the comfort and convenience of man.

In agriculture we have gone from the crooked stick of our fathers to the gang or steam plow of to-day.

W£ have abandoned the sickle and the cradle, fur the reaper and the header, the flail and threshing floor is now only on the page of history, the modern thresher and cleaner has outstripped the old; instead of "muzzling the ox that treadeth out the corn,"that modern giant—Steam, fills our granaries or transports our sui plus to the ends of the earth; the primative fruits have been made delightful and desirable through the labors of the intellectual man, while flowers minister in every neighborhood to "the love of beauty and the beauty of love."There has been giant strides in everything that adorns the physical man, since the coat of skins and the fig tree leaf of Paradise, to the sumptuous fabrics of the east or western world; great advances in the social man since the pastoral nomadic life of the patriarchs to the palaces of our age, with every facility for cleanliness, for warmth, for light, for comfort, and for cultivation;

great advances in the scientific world, giving us steam and telegraph, bands of iron and ribs of steel; scattering also from that great engine of modern times, the press, its streams of knowledge o'er a thirsty soil, stretching from the unlettered age of ignorance to the age when to be ignorant is to be almost criminal and shows a man to be recreant to the magnificent opportunity of his time.

All these forces are forming and evolving the intellectual man, but who shall determine which acts most in harmony with the nature of man, which ministers to his highest good! Or whether by the abuse of these great forces, or from a lack of knowledge of the elements of intellectual greatness, we are not perverting and stultifying instead of expanding, ennobling and saving? These are questions that must be answered.

They are being pressed upon us for solution, and upon our answer as to what we shall teach, how we shall teach, and when and where we shall teach depends the future intellectual rhan.

We need, we hope, we pray, for ourselves and for our children, that they may have intellectual culture, we would have the seminary within hailing distance of every hearthstone, but we must'insist that it shall be timely and appropriate, nothing bogus, no sham or counterfeit but specially adapted to individual man and to man as a whole, based on a scientific and revealed understanding of man and of his character and destiny.

This will not be a "New York Ledger"or "Saturday Night"culture, nor will "Bow Bells"or the"Waverly Magazine"aid much in that direction.

It will be divine as every thing pertaining to man must be if it aids in developing that idea of which man is capable and which he is certainly destined ultimately to reach, and this naturally leads us to consider the "Religious man."I consider man without religious sentiment and culture as away below his needs, as an organization lacking its crowning glory.

But the religious sentiment must be understood as well as its purpose and necessities; by this culture I apprehend none will think I mean such opportunities as are afforded by heathenism, or Paganism.

It is not the rites and ceremonies of India, or that which finds place in China, or Siam;

it is not the culture of Mohamedanism or Catholicism or even by that Sectarianism fashioned by the fathers.

These avenues by which mankind have sought a passage—a Red

Sea—indeed but probably lying between the Egypt of priestcraft, and the Priesthood of the promised land.

Upon this ladder in its loftiest rounds man reaches the Godhead.

All the other features of his complex nature here find their fruition and repose.

"The first man of the earth earthly, the second man is the lord from heaven."Where the religious element is fairly cultured you may realize that though it is the crown of manhood, its influence and principles form the foundations beneath his feet;

it is the glory round about his head, but it is also "a lamp to his feet and a light to his

THE WATERS OF SALT LAKE VALLEY.

path."Luminous with the celestial glory reflected on the plains of time, this consecrates and sanctifies all the functions of the animal or physical man, regulates the social forces and ambitions of the social man, directs and expands the majestic elements of intellectual man, and wins to its results those religious forces which blend the finity and the infinity, and enables each faculty in harmonious measure to move without a jar, so that like the Temple of Solomon every thing comes together, "without the sound of axe or hammer or any tool of iron being heard therein."This benign work, this glorifying labor, needs ardent, devoted and continuous effort, that strength which comes from above, that authority recognized of the heavens, that mind which was in Christ, that priesthood which is after the order of an endless life, that faith which was once delivered to the Saints, and that Gospel which in obedience becomes "the power of God unto Salvation"to every one who may receive it.

There can be but one process which secures this generous development, this perfect education, this rounded life;

there can be but one authority and that is eternal and divine, one class of teachers and that the order of the priesthood of the Son of God, one result and that to bring man back into the presence of the

Father, and there crown him with glory, honor, immortality and an endless life.

H.

W.

Naisbitt.

Fear to do that only which is evil.

Hope for that only which is good.

THE WATERS OF SALT LAKE VALLEY.

CITV CREEK WATER.

One thousand parts evaporated to dryness at a final temperature of Fahr., left two thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven ten thousandths (.2887) parts of solid matter, consisting of the following substances with their proportionate quantities:

Soda, -oc^S Potassa,.0293 Lime, -0773 Magnesia,.0313 Silica,.0199 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0020 Carbonic Acid,.0951 Sulphuric Acid,.0075 Chlorine,.0195 Nitric Acid, trace.

Total, -2854 Less Oxygen corresponding to Chlorine.0044

Remainder,.2810 Combining acids and bases, gives:

Chloride of Sodium (common Salt),.0066 Chloride of Potassium,.0326 Sulphate of Potassa,.0159 Carbonate of Lime, -1378 Carbonate of Magnesia,.0658 Sulphate of Lime (Gypsum),.0004 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0020 Silica, Nitrate of Lime,.0190 trace.

Total,.2810 parley's CANYON WATER.

On evaporating one thousand (1000) parts of water to dryness, at a final temperature of 266

Fahr., there were four thousand three hundred and fifty ten thousandths (.4350) parts of residue, composed of the following constituents with the proportionate amount of each:

Soda, •0425 Potassa, -0031 Lime,...

.1190 Magnesia,.0372 Silica,.0272 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0018 Carbonic Acid,.1221 Sulphuric Acid, -OS77 Chlorine,.0197 Total,.4303 Less Oxygen corresponding to Chlorine.0044

Remainder, -4259 Combining acids and bases, gives:

Chloride of Sodium (common Salt),.0325 Sulphate of Soda (Glauber's Salt),.0577 Sulphate of Potassa,.0057 Sulphate of Lime (Gypsum),.0384 Carbonate of Lime,.1843

THE WATERS OF SALT LAKE VALLEY.

Carbonate of Magnesia,.0783 Silica,...

,0272 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0018 Total, -4259 WATER OF EMIGRATION CANYON.

On evaporating one thousand (1000) parts to dryness at a final temperature of 266 Fahr., there were five thousand two hundred and seventy-two ten thousandths (.5272) parts of residue, composed of the following substances with their proportionate amounts:

Soda,...

.0244 Potassa,...

.0119 Lime,...

.1415 Magnesia,.0520 Silica,.0244 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0026 Carbonic Acid,.1027 Sulphuric Acid,.1288 Chlorine,.0286 Total,.

. 5I 69 Less Oxygen corresponding to Chlorine.0064

Remainder,.5105 Combining acids and bases, gives:

Chloride of Sodium (common Salt),.0460 Chloride of Potassium,.0015 Sulphate of Potassa,.0203 Sulphate of Lime (Gypsum),.2031 Carbonate of Lime,.1034 Carbonate of Magnesia,.1092 Silica,.

.

-0244 Peroxide of Iron aud Alumina,.0026 Total,.

-5I0S WATER OF RED BUTTE CANYON.

One thousand (1000) parts were evaporated to dryness at a final temperature of 266 Fahr., and there were left four thousand and nine hundred ten thousandths (.4900) parts of solid matter, consisting of the substances below with their proportionate quantities:

Soda,.

Lime,..

.

I243 Magnesia, -05l8 Silica,.

.

_03S2 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0033 Carbonic Acid,.1088 Sulphuric Acid,.

.1021 Chlorine,.

.

_0229 Potassa,.

trace Phosphoric Acid,.

trace.

Total.

.4830 Less Oxygen corresponding to Chlorine.0052

Remainder.

-4778 Combining acids and bases, gives:

Chloride of Sodium (common Salt),.0377 Sulphate of Soda (Glauber's Salt),.0337 Sulphate of Lime,.1413 Carbonate of Lime,.1180 Carbonate of Magnesia,.1086 Silica, Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0033 Sulphate of Potassa, trace.

Phosphate of Lime, trace.

Total, -4778 The water from each stream was charged with more or less free carbonic gas and a little ammonia, and held in solution and suspended a greater or smaller quantity of matter.

In the examination was revealed the presence of free and albuminoid ammonia in the water from each stream as here given:

Ammonia {parts per million).

AlbuFree.

minoid.

City Creek water contained.120.115 Emigration.046.045 Red Butte.023.120 Parley's Canyon".010.060 The water for the general analyses was collected on December 31st, 1882, and, although snow storms took place on the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth of the same month, as they were very light and the weather extremely cold they had little or no effect upon the character of the water.

For examination for free and albuminoid ammonia, water was taken from

Parley's Canyon, December 6th, 1882;

Red Butte, December 10th, 1S82; City Creek, December 13th, 1882; Emigration,

December 15th, 1S82.

The sample of water from Parley's Canyon was obtained about two hundred yards from the mouth of the canyon, and one hundred feet below a spring on the right bank of the stream; that of Red Butte at the mouth of the canyon; that of City Creek from the lower tank of the City Water Works, a short distance up the canyon;

and that of Emigration at the mouth of the canyon.

Potable water may hold in solution fifty-seven parts of solid matter per thousand or forty grains per gallon, and

THE WATERS OF SALT LAKE VALLEY.

even a greater quantity and still not be injurious to health.

From the above analyses it is seen that all the samples analyzed contain less than this proportionate amount.

The sample from Emigration Canyon, holding the greater amount of solid matter in solution, contained but thirty-seven grains per gallon.

City Creek water used by the city, having the least quantity of solids in solution, contains no more than twenty and twenty-one hundredths (20.21) grains per gallon.

Other circumstances, however, than the mere amount of the soluble matter contained are to be taken into consideration in determining the sanitary condition of potable waters.

This condition will depend to a great extent upon the character of the constituent parts.

In this respect, there is more danger to be apprehended from the organic than from the mineral substances.

In the analyses the amount of free and albuminoid ammonia contained in a certain quantity of each sample is given.

This ammonia is determined to ascertain the condition of water with respect to its organic impurities.

This albuminoid ammonia is that combined with organic substances which may be animal or vegetable.

Free ammonia may be due to organic substances when it exists in a large quantity in water; but where present in a small amount, it may have been absorbed from the atmosphere.

When there is not a large quantity of free ammonia present, and the water does not contain more than.05 parts of albuminoid ammonia per million, the water is considered first class so far as organic matter is regarded.

Water containing from.05 to.10 parts of albuminoid ammonia is second class, and may be considered safe from organic substances.

Where there is more than.10 parts of albuminoid ammonia per million the water is third class and considered unfit for culinary purposes.

Water, however, containing a considerable quantity of free ammonia, and yielding at the same time more than.05 parts of albuminoid ammonia is regarded with suspicion.

Good potable water yields usually no more than from.7 to.2 grains of chlorine per gallon, and, where there is more than the latter amount present along with much alluminoid ammonia animal matter is indicated.

From the analyses it will be observed that the water from Parley's and Emigration canyons, comes under, the first class, or water comparatively free from organic matter, while the water from the other canyons falls under the third class.

City Creek water by reason of its great amount of albuminoid ammonia should be condemned as a drinking water until it is rid of a part of the organic matter producing this gas, Some physicians would pronounce it unfit for drinking on account of the excess of carbonates in it, from a view that they produce calculous disorders, goitre, and certain forms of dyspepsia; yet there are others who would urge no objection to the water on this account, holding that the carbonates within a certain limited amount are beneficial rather than detrimental.

The excess of albuminoid matter in City Creek water may be partly or wholly due to decayed vegetation, while it is quite probable that animal substances afford some.

Even if this albuminoid impurity be due entirely to decayed vegetation, the water is not healthful, and steps should be taken to free it from this contamination.

The water of City Creek, when taken for the examination of ammonia did not hold very much suspended matter, yet about once per day as the mill race a few hundred yards above the point where the water was procured, would be drained off, it would become quite turbid and thus rendered more unfit for culinary purposes.

Now, it is becoming forcibly realized by chemists and health officers that the sanitary condition of a community depends much upon the character of the water used; and in many places where the importance of this subject is properly appreciated, steps are taken for its purification when the impurity is such

THE WATERS OF SALT LAKE VALLEY.

in character and extent is to endanger health.

In places in which attention has been directed to the condition of the drinking water, and proper means applied for its purification, the death rate has been perceptibly reduced.

The processes by which water is purified are distillation, filtration, and precipitation. The first process is impracticable except on a small scale, but the others could be employed on a large scale.

Of the means used for filtration may be mentioned, wire gauze, sand and charcoal.

Sand and charcoal are, perhaps, as efficient 'agents in destroying germinal.matter and removing organic substances from water as any known.

This is done by causing in some way, a union to take place between them and the oxygen gas present.

There is a filter now in use called "silicated carbon,"composed of one part of mineral to two parts of charcoal, which is probably one of the best known, a series of experiments on different kinds of poisonous and other organic substances have proved it capable of destroying them to a very great extent.

Materials that have been used to soften and purify water by precipitation are lime water, alum, and persalt of iron.

The lime water throws down the carbonates of lime and magnesia, together with small quantities of other substances, and destroys to a certain extent the animal. and vegetable matter.

Altough from the analyses, City Greek water contains a good deal of albuminoid ammonia, there is but little doubt that it could be freed sufficiently from the sources of this substance, by cleaning out any decaying vegetable and animal matter from the bed of the stream and removing from its banks, gardens, manure piles, etc.

Again, although it is a question yet undecided as to whether the amount of carbonates of lime and magnesia existing in City Creek water is detrimental to health, if after due consideration it should be thought best to eliminate a portion of these substances and thereby render the water softer, probably lime water (Clark's process) would be the most efficient agent to employ.

That Red Butte water contains such a considerable quantity of organic matter is no doubt owing to the fact that the stream is quite small, and the current of not sufficient force to free itself of leaves, twigs, dead moss, and other vegetable matter, or the decaying carcasses of animals, that from this reason, remain to mold and decay in the stream.

The other canyons (Parley's and Emigration), either are more open, or their streams have rocky beds, are larger and their cerrents swifter, which, no doubt, are sufficient to account for the less amount of organic matter they contain.

From the facts before us, it is evident that the water of City Creek, if its organic matter should be removed, would be better for culinary purposes than that of any of the other streams here considered.

DRY CANYON- WATER.

The water was collected in July, 1884.

One sample was taken from the stream in the left-hand fork, another from the stream in the right-hand fork, and a third sample from the main stream, a combination of the two from the forks.

The water was clear and had no unpleasant taste, and was accompanied with no fetid odor.

The sample from the left-hand fork contained in one gallon, twenty-two and nine hnndred and twenty-five thousandth (22.925) grains of solid matter, consisting of the following substances:

Chlorine, sulphuric acid, carbonic acid, nitric acid, phosphoric acid, (little more than a trace), lime, magnesia, sodium, potassium, alumina, iron oxide and silica.

The water from the right-hand fork holds in solution thirty-five and five tenths(35.5) grains of solid matter in one gallon.

The third sample obtained from the main stream has in one gallon, thirtyfour and five tenths (34.5) grains of saline substances, made up of the same constituents as were found in the water from the lefivhand fork.

Of the thirty-four and five tenths (34.5) grains of solids per

7HE WATERS OE SALT LAKE VALLEY.

gallon in the third sample, thirteen and one hundred and twenty-five thousandths (13.125) grains are thrown down on boiling, leaving still in solution but twenty-one and three hundred and seventy-five thousandths (21.375) grains.

The amounts of lime, magnesia and sulphuric acid per gallon were found to be as follows:

Gra ins per gallon.

Lime, ----- 7.472.

Magnesia, ----- 4.344.

Sulphuric acid, 6.290.

It is conceded that when there is no more than thirty or forty grains of solid matter per gallon in water, no injury results from its use as drinking water on account of the quantity of solid matter.

In cases, however, where one or two substances constitute almost the entire solid matter, there is a probability of the water's acting injuriously on the human system.

For instance, when there is considerable sulphuric acid or a large quantity of lime present, there may be fears entertained with respect to the constant use of the water.

Magnesia may be held in solution in too great amount, and sometimes silica and iron oxide are in excess of the limit for health.

Whether lime in the quantity in which it occurs in Dry Canyon water is detrimental to health is an undecided question.

Many waters pronounced good contain much more lime than seven and four hundred and seventy-two thousandths (7.472) grains per gallon.

The Croydon supply-water in Surrey county,

England, and the well water in the same place both contain considerably more lime than the Dry Canyon water, and no objection whatever is urged against them on account of the mineral matter they hold in solution, and furthermore, they are pronounced healthful by good authority.

There is more lime in the water of Parley's and Emigration Canyons than in that of Dry Canyon, and yet the water of these streams would not be, as a general thing, considered objectionable so far as the lime is concerned.

The magnesia, and especially the sulphuric acid are in larger amounts in the Dry Canyon water than in water usually considered healthful.

The Dry Canyon water, by the presence of the large quantities of lime, magnesia and sulphuric acid, is indeed very hard and is therefore not so economical for certain household purposes as could be desired, yet. through the most of the lime and a good deal of the magnesia being precipitated on boiling, its hardness is very much diminished and its economical properties increased.

The precipitation of magnesia especially, and possibly of lime, furthermore, makes the water more healthful.

Considerable free carbonic acid gas exists in the water, and by it all the iron, most of the lime, a large portion of the magnesia and some of the phosphoric acid are retained in solution.

This gas is constantly escaping and liberating these substances as the stream proceeds down the canyon and crosses the bench, so that by the time it reaches the residents of the twenty-first ward, it is improved with regard both to its economical and healthful qualities.

The most objectionable substances in the Dry Canyon water are sulphuric acid and magnesia.

Of the sulphuric acid this water contains about one-third less than the water of Emigration Canyon and about one-third more than the water of Parley's Canyon.

The water of City Creek, which holds in solution very little of this ingredient, has less than onetenth the amount found in Dry Canyon water.

The water of Dry Canyon has in solution nearly one-fourth more magnesia than that of Emigration Canyon and about twice as much as the water of

Parley's and City Creek canyons.

As to its worth compared with the water of the three large canyon streams mentioned, all things considered, it appears that the water of Dry Canyon is a little better for drinking purposes than the water of Emigration Canyon, not quite so good as that of Parley's Canyon and inferior to the water of City Creek.

WATER OF BIG COTTONWOOD.

The following is an analysis of water from Big Cottonwood Canyon stream.

2\ THE WATERS OF SALT LAKE VALLEY.

The water was collected October 26th, 1884.

One thousand (1000) cubic centimeters of the water were evaporated to dryness and the residue heated at a temperature of 266 Fahr.

The residue weighed two thousand four hundred and fifty ten thousandths (.2450) grams and was found to consist of the following substances with their proportionate amounts.

grains.

Potassa, 0I °4 Soda, Very small quantity Lime, -°673 Magnesia, •°3 I 3 Silica, -OI26 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0016 Sulphuric Acid.

-.043° Chlorine,....

.0079 Carbonic Acid, - o6 3 Nitric Acid, trace.

Total - 2377 Less Oxygen correspon ding to Chlorine.00 1

Remainder.2360 Combining acids and bases, gives:

Chloride of Potassium, Chloride of Sodium, Very small quantity.

Sulphate of Lime, -0731 Carbonate of Lime,.0664 Carbonate of Magnes'a, -.0658 Silica, -oi 2° Nitrate of Lime, Trace.

Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0016 Total -2360 In one gallon of this water there are 17.15 grains of soluble matter.

WATER OF LITTLE COTTONWOOD.

On evaporating one thousand (1000) cubic centimeters to dryness at a final temperature of Fahr.

there were left one thousand three hundred and fifty ten thousandths (.1350) grains of residue composed of the substances with their proportionate amounts as given below;

Grams.

Soda,.0080 Potassa,.0020 Lime,.°245 Magnesia,.0136 Silica, -°399 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0013 Chlorine,.0028 Sulphuric Acid, Carbonic Acid,.0125.0322 Total.1368 Less Oxygen corresponding to Chlorine.0006

Remainder.1362 Combining acids and bases, gives:

Chloride of Sodium,.0046 Sulphate of Soda,.0128 Sulphate of Potassa,.0036 Sulphate of Lime,.0062 Carbonate of Lime,.0392 Carbonate of Magnesia,.0286 Silica,.0399 Peroxide of Iron and Alumina,.0013 Total.i'One gallon of this water contains 9.45 grains of soluble substances.

• It will be observed that according to the analyses the water from Big and Little Cottonwood Canyons contains less amounts of solid matter than found in the water from Emigration, Red

Butte, Parley's, and City Creek Canyons, and that the water of Little Cottonwood Canyon, on account of its having the smallest quantity of sulphuric acid, lime, and magnesia is the softest and best suited for most purposes.

J.

T. Kingsbury.

A great portion of all the worst mischief negative and positive, that ever affiicted the world is traceable to what people erroneously call conscience, but which is often only a hateful compound of ignorance, prejudice, and vindictiveness.

The duty of man is to improve those faculties which enablethim to think and act correctly.

He must make his conscience a good enlightened conscience; then, and then only, will he be entitled to honor and credit in acting upon it.

There is always sunrise somewhere, Though the night be round thee drawn;

Somewhere still the east is bright'ning With the rosy flush of dawr.

What though near the bat is flitting,

And the raven croaks his lay, Somewhere still the sunbird's greeting

Hails the rising of the day!

A LONDON FOG.

A LONDON FOG.

It has been beautifully observed by some writer or orator, that the sun never sets on Queen Victoria's dominions.

I don't very well see how it could.

A sun that never rises, is not apt to set on anybody's dominions.

You think I am severe.

Well, perhaps I am; not more so, however, than a certain patriotic Briton of whom I once heard, who, returning from a six month's sojourn in sunny Italy, as his feet touched his native soil, raised his eyes heavenward and exclaimed:

"None o'yer blue skies here!"He stated the exact truth, so far as I was able to discover, during my winter in Liverpool and London.

I landed among the Liverpudlians in the lachrymose month of November, when fog and rain were indulging in their little game of ten minute alternations;

the solos interspersed with an occasional duet of vapor and humidity combined.

The outlook, for a tourist in quest of romantic adventure, I must confess was more practical than inspiring.

I began to think the dose I was destined to take, more in the nature of a pill than a pilgrimage, and, standing upon the pier, gazing back half wistfully at the gallant vessel I had lately quitted, the pathetic words of Childe Harold's Farewell to England suggested themselves:

"With thee, my bark, I'll swiftly go Athwart the foaming brine, Nor care what land thou bear'st me to,

So not again to mine.

And, for the life of me, I could'nt blame him, especially if he started in November.

The months sped on—Father Time played leap-frog in the British dominions that season.

He leaped from fall, clean over the back of winter and landed on the heels of an early spring.

In other words, there was no winter at all; plenty of fog and rain, to be sure, and an occasional sunbeam by way of tantalization;

but nothing in the least resembling that fair, frail, fleeting, feathery element, by nature and local editors surnamed "the beautiful."In the columns of home papers, which came "like angel's visits"to my address and rescue, my envious gaze gloated over receptions, sleigh-rides, smashed windows, coasting accidents and other seasonable luxuries enjoyed by the denizens of "lovely Deseret,"and in my mind's eye I mingled in the feast and dance, heard the merry "tinkling of the bells—silver bells,"felt the wild thrill of the pungent snow-ball, and a dozen times was knocked into a right-angled triangle for neglecting to "clear the track,"at the imperious command of the juvenile autocrat of the wintry side-walk.

All this in the mystic vividness of farreaching imagination.

But, alas!

in the stern realm of iron reality, not the faintest glimmer of a gilt-edged invitation met my eye; not the whizz of a ball, nor the peal of a bell reached my longing ears.

And no fault of the ears, either.

While the Liberals at home were regaling each other, and, like modern Sauls, slaying the Philistine Mormons by theoretical "thousands;"and Mark McKimmins, like another David, was sleighing them by "tens of thousands,"there was I, with bandaged head and corrugated brow, hugging the interior of my hotel, sipping hot composition and ginger wine, and scowling out of a thirdfloor window upon the bleak, black prospect of a London fog.

Maybe you think, gentle reader, a London fog is something to be sneezed at; and maybe you are quite right.

It is to be sneezed at, coughed at, choked at, and, if it were only grammatical—died at.

It is also to be laughed at, under certain circumstances.

Imagine four millions of people playing at "blind man's buff,"every one of them impersonating the blind man, and you will have some sort of an idea of the situation, impossible, for obvious reasons, to be fully described.

You are standing if you please, in the unnoticeable shadow of a friendly lamp-post, but

A LONDON FOG.

you needn't strain your eyes in a fruitless effort to see 'the gas-jet above your nead.

Just keep your handkerchief tightly to your mouth, swallow nothing, and listen:

"Hi there?""Bless me, vere ham I?""Vot street's this?""Hi, officer!""Stop that cab!""Go slow there!""Vich is the shortest vay to—Demnition!""Strite ahead, sir, strite as ever you can gaow!""Yes, but—,""Demn sich vether!""Mind vere yer going, I say!""Beg parding, mum,""Keep yer bloomin umbreller down,"and a hundred and one similar ejaculations of surprise, anxiety and dismay, mingling with the clatter of hoofs, the rumbling of wheels, the cursing and crashing of colliding cabmen, the shouts of apprehensive pedestrians, and a literal babel of eager inquiries and unintelligible replies, of and from an army of bewildered and bewildering policemen, standing at the crossings with clubs in their hands and patent respirators over their mouths, coughing out orders to a noisy caravan of unheeding vehicles, and directing everybody exactly contrary to his destination.

People falling over pavements, horses stumbling over apple-stands, team meeting team, pedestrian jostling pedestrian, amidst a grand hubbub of half coherent sound, and an all but impenetrable cloud of poisonous, suffocating gloom.

This, at such times as vehicular travel is not entirely suspended, and when crimes and casualties happily find no occurrence, is the ludicrous phase of the subject.

There is another, not so laughable.

The wails of lost children, the screams of insulted females, cries for help of persons beset by thieves, shrieks from victims of the tram, the dray, the omnibus, and other blind instruments of accident and death, striking the sightless foot-passer ere he is aware, and, alas!

the loud splash of the involuntary suicide.and his "bubbling cry"of unheeded despair, as the dark waters of the Thames close over his life forever.

These, too, are some of the concomitants of the not unfrequent aspect presented by a London fog.

But not only upon the streets does this eccentric visitor make his presence manifest.

With all the aggressive impudence of his Pickwickian namesake, and the intrusive curiosity of his cousin Paul Pry, he invades the sanctity of the domestic circle, attends uninvited the fashionable soirees at the West End, rides uncoroneted in Rotten "Row, stands undoffed in the presence of the Queen, and all unticketed and unhindered sweeps past the threshold of the theatre, makes himself at home in all parts of the auditorium, and mingles with the utmost freedom among the actors on the stage.

As an auditor he is as selfish as a woman in a front seat and a fashionable hat; he never allows anyone else to see what's going on.

As an actor he is as tyrannical as an old stager among amateurs, never giving or waiting for a cue, and very often cutting a fellowplayer asunder in the middle of his best speech.

Betake yourself to the interior of a London theatre on a foggy night, and while from the depths of an atmosphere resembling that of a railway smoking car, from behind a row of foot-lights as dimly discernible as lanterns at the burial of Sir John Moore, come sneezes, coughs and semi-articulate utterances from characters as vague and shadowy as Banquo's issue, or the Ghost of Hamlet's father, ask your "prophetic soul"if Iago hath anything extenuated, or set down aught in malice?

I know of one performance, of Hamlet, which was interrupted and suspended midway, by the sudden and unavoidable entrance of this unconscionable intruder.

Britannia has a fair face, but the horrid drab hood she wears so much above it, is not the best back-ground on which to display her handsome features.

A few of Swift's inventors, who, as the fiction goes, manufactured sun-beams from cucumbers, could drive a big business there, with immense profits.

If something of the kind is not done soon, who knows but saucy Miss Columbia, emulating her piratical mother's ungrateful example* towards grandmother Greece, may come along one fine day and lug off

A PROPHECY AND ITS FULFILMENT.

some of her choicest statues and memorials for exhibition under a clearer sky, where a brighter sun and a broader landscape will set off their charms more effectively. Columbia could at least plead an excuse for her action, which Brittannia would blush to offer in extenuation of her own.

But, if Americans all become "English you knaow,"the prospect of such a sensation will "hide its diminished head"as effectually as the sun of heaven behind a London fog.

Iago.

When the heart prompts us to listen, how keen and attentive is the ear.

A PROPHECY AND ITS FULFILMENT.

Under the caption, The American Civil War, the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette publishes some very interestingstatistics relative to the number of men killed in the late Rebellion in the United

States.

As the statistics bear upon one of the most remarkable prophecies made by Joseph Smith, they cannot fail to be of interest to our readers:

Official returns show that about 2,653,000 soldiers enlisted during the war in response to the successive calls of President Lincoln, and that of this number 186,097 were colored troops.

Reports show that the northern and southern armies met in over two thousand skirmishes and battles.

In one hundred and forty-eight of these conflicts the loss on the Federal side was over five hundred men, and inat least ten battles over 10.000 men were reported lost on each side.

The appended table shows that the combined losses of the Federal and Confederate forces in killed, wounded and missing in the following engagements were:

Shiloh, 24,000;

Antietam, 18,000; Stone River, 22,000; Chickamau°a, 33,000;

McClellan's Peninsula campaign, 50,000;

Grant's Peninsula campaigns 140,000; and Sherman's campaign, 80,000.

OfficiaL statistics show that of the 2,653,000 men enlisted, there were killed in battle 44,23s;

died of wounds, 49,205; died of disease, 186,216;

died of unknown causes, 24,184;

total, 303,843.

This includes only those whose death while in the army had been actually proved.

To this number should be added, first, 26,000 men who are known to have died while in the hands of the enemy as prisoners of war, and many others in the same manner whose deaths are unrecorded;

second, a fair percentage of the 205.794 men who are put down on the official reports as deserters and missing in action, for those who participated in the war know that men frequently disappeared who, it was certain, had not deserted, yet could not be otherwise officially accounted for;

third, thousands who are buried in private cemeteries all over the north who died while at home on furlough. The dead are buried in seventy-three national cemeteries, of which only twelve are in the northern States.

Amongst the principal ones in the north are Cypress Hill, with its 3,786;

Finn's Point, N.

J., which contains the remains of 2,644 unknown dead; Gettysburg, Pa., with its 1,967 known and 1,608 unknown dead; Mound

City, ill., with 2,505 known and 2,721 unknown graves;

Philadelphia, with 1,909 dead;

and Woodlawn, Elmira, N.

Y., with its 3,900.

In the south, near the scenes of terrible conflicts, are located the largest depositories oi the slain Arlington, Va., 16,264, of which 4,319 are unknown;

Beaufort, S. C, 9,241, of which 4,493 are unknown; Chalmettee, La., 12,511, of which 5,674 are unknown;

Chattanooga, Tenn., 12,962, of which 4,963 are unknown;

Fredericksburg, Va., 15,257, of which 12,770 are unknown;

Jefferson Barracks, Mo,, 11,290, of which 2,900 are unknown;

Little Rock, Ark., 5,601, of which 2,337 are unknown;

City Point, Va., 5,122, of which 1,374 are unknown;

Marietta, Ga., 10,151, of which 2,963 are unknown; Memphis, Tenn., 13,997, of which 8,817 are unknown;

Nashville, Tenn., 16,526, of which 4,700 are unknown;

Poplar Grove, Va., 6,190, of which 4,001 are unknown; Richmond, Va., 6,542, of which 5,700 are unknown;

Salisbury, N, C, 12.126, of which 12,032 are unknown; Stone River, Tenn., 5,602, of which are unknown; Vicksburg, Miss., 16,600, of which 12,704 are unknown; Antietam, Va., 4,671, of which 1,818 are unknown;

Winchester, Va., 4,559, of which 2,365 are unknown, In all, the remains of 300,000 men who fought for the stars and stripes find guarded graves in our national cemeteries. Two are mainly devoted to the men who perished in the prisons of the same name—Andersonville, Georgia, which contains 13,714 graves, and Salisbury with its 12,126 dead, among which 12,032 are unknown.

A PROPHECY AND ITS FULFILMENT.

If to the 303,843, given as the total number of Union troops, whose death while in the army was actually proved, be added, first, 26,000 men who are known to have died while in the hands of the enemy as prisoners of war; second, many others whose death was not recorded; together with a fair percentage of the 205,794 put down on the official reports as deserters and missing in action—the loss on the Union side in the Rebellion will not fall far short of half a million.

The loss on the side of the Confederates in battle was equal to if not greater than that of the Federals; and from sickness much greater, since the Confederate armies were neither clothed, fed nor sheltered so well as were those of the

Union; we may be very certain, therefore, that the war of the Rebellion resulted in the loss of a million lives.

On the 25th of December, 1832, the Prophet Joseph Smith predicted that a rebellion would begin in South Carolina, "which would terminate in the death and misery of many souls;"and truly the figures quoted, showing the loss in the great conflict, prove the inspiration of the prophecy.

The 'seventy-three National cemeteries, where sleep so many thousands of the dead, are so many silent yet potent witnesses to the inspiration of the great prophet of the nineteenth century.

Let it be remembered, too, that the same inspired man who prophecied of this war of the Rebellion and its results, and the place of its commencement, also said on the same occasion, and in the name of his God, that, The days will come that war will be poured out upon all nations, beginning at that place.

And that with the sword, and by bloodshed, the inhabitants of the earth shall mourn; and with famine, and plague, and earthquakes, and the thunder of heaven, and the fierce and vivid lightning also shall the inhabitants of the earth be made to feel the wrath and indignation and chastening hand of an Almighty God, until the consummation decreed hath made a full end of all nations.

That the cry of the Saints, and of the blood of the Saints, shall cease to come up into the ears of the God of Sabaoth, from the earth to be avenged of their enemies.

(Doctrine and Covenants, Section 87.)

Since one portion of this remarkable prophecy has been fulfilled with such minute exactness, we have every reason to believe that the other portion—that which we have just quoted—will also be minutely fulfilled.

That being true, the outlook for existing nations is extremely gloomy.

Yet the present tendency of civilization and the condition of society foreshadow a future equally as gloomy as that foretold by the inspired words of the prophet.

Jealousy, deep seated and grim, and not unmixed with fear, exists in every nation.

The ingenuity of man is taxed to its utmost limit to invent engines of destruction and means of defense, though the latter inventions have not by any means contrived to offset the mischief of the former.

The result is that the nations are prepared to carry on the work of destruction more effectually than ever before within the experience of the human race.

Europe is bristling with armaments, and trembles under the tread of marching millions trained and equipped for war, and the mutual jealousies and suspicions of the nations constantly threaten the peace of the world.

The strained relations between the powers of

Europe cannot long continue; the tension is too great; there is sure to be a break, and when the sword shall once be drawn the relationships of the nations are such, and their interests are so interwoven with each other, that all are very likely to be drawn into the mad vortex of relentless war.

Nor is war the only danger which threatens the security of modern society.

There are other, and perhaps more serious troubles.

We refer to the restlessness of the lower strata of society the conflict between capital and labor the spread of communism—in a word, we may say that society is more in danger of disruption from the revolutionary elements within it than from open war, be it ever so disastrous.

We know this gloomy aspect in the social and political sky of modern times is pretty generally scorned, and men and journals of influence are crying peace! peace! but they will find there is no peace and can be

CARRIER PIGEON SERVICE.

none in the present state of society.

We care not what the arguments or hopes of men may be to the contrary, God has declared wars, famines, plagues and earthquakes upon the inhabitants of the earth, and they are as sure to come as when thy judgments are in the earth, Oh Lord, the inhabitants thereof will learn righteousness."B. H. Roberts.

There are many men like diamonds half buried with the bright side down.

that God has made the decree: "And Turn them over.

CARRIER PIGEON SERVICE.

Steps have been taken in nearly all European countries to establish military communication by means of carrier pigeons in time of war.

England, France, Germany, Belgium, and Italy, have definitely organized military carrier pigeon services, and some have subsidized the private training establishments, with the right to use the pigeons in war.

This method of communicating originated in China, or, at least, in the East, and it was most likely in use by the ancient Arabians.

William of Orange and Napoleon I., used these messengers during their wars; but the greatest service was that rendered in 1870, between Paris and Tours.

During the siege of Paris, one hundred and fifty official dispatches and about one million private communications, representing a money value of about thirty-eight thousand dollars, were conveyed by these pigeons.

In this case the messages were reduced by microscopic photography, so that a tiny piece of silk paper, one and threefourths inches long by one and onefourth inches wide, could contain three thousand five hundred messages of twenty words each, or seventy thousand words.

The total dispatch thus arranged weighed at most, less than onequarter of an ounce, and was secured by a light thread to the tail feathers of the pigeon.

Upon arrival the dispatch was removed, enlarged by photography, and deciphered.

A large percentage of the birds are lost either through birds of prey or other misfortune, and it is necessary to send many duplicates to insure delivery of a dispatch.

In one case eighty per cent, of birds were lost in a short period, as at Wurzburg, where three thousand birds were sent out and only six hundred were recovered.

The greatest attention to training carrier pigeons is paid in Belgium, and that government subsidizes this industry most liberally, in order to utilize the private establishments in case of war. The English government has done likewise.

In Germany the war department possesses six thousand carrier pigeons, and has the right to use one hundred thousand birds belonging to the carrier pigeon postal society.

A law was passed in France, July 15, 18S5, stipulating the enrollment of all private carrier pigeon training establishments, to be available in case of war.

The results of observations have caused a great deal of misconception about the nature of these birds.

The best known ornithologists and carrier pigeon trainers hold contrary views and indulge in heated controversies.

It is, however, well established that carrier pigeons, like all high-flying birds, have keen eyes and also possess instinctive sense of direction, but many agree that they have a peculiar feeling, or exercise reason to a certain extent.

The fundamental theory of the flight of these birds is not yet established, and it will be no easy task to ascertain the true scientific conditions.

Ordinarily, the birds are carried in a closed vessel to the place whence they are to fly back home, and the whole secret of carrier pigeon service depends upon the attachment of the pigeon for its home, no matter how distant that may be.

They do not always find their homes, but always endeavor to do so, and it has hap-

3o CARRIER PIGEON SERVICE.

pened that*birds have returned to their home roost after an absence of years.

The birds are first trained for short flights, and then to take longer distances, in order to train them both to fly and to learn how to find their way home.

In flying, the bird is indefatigable, and travels both day and night, without ceasing, unless overcome by hunger.

The speed of an average pigeon is estimated at about one thousand yards per minute.

Certain reports from Italy state that especial attention is paid to training carrier pigeons in Parma, Modena, Reggio, and other places where there are carrier pigeon societies.

The military carrier pigeon stations are most efficiently arranged, though they have only been introduced in Italy for military purposes during the last ten years.

The first Italian military carrier pigeon station was established at Ancona, in 1876, which was followed by that at Bologna, in 1879.

During the grand field ma neuvers of the Italian army in 1882, this service was carried on so successfully that twelve"*military carrier pigeon stations were established, to embrace all parts of the kingdom.

A correspondence was carried on between Italian army detachments at Umbria and Bologna, separated by an air line distance of about one hundred and thirty-five miles.

Forty-two carrier pigeons were sent, all but three of which returned in the following times:

12 in 3 hrs, and 12 min.;

rate 42 miles per hr.

34i 3 of the pigeons failed to return.

In the table the time given is the average of each group of pigeons; the greatest speed was attained by one of the first twelve, which'returned in two hours and fifty-five minutes, or at the rate of fortysix and one-third miles per hour.

The most remarkable of recent experiments was made in 1885, between the city of Rome and Maddalena Island, a distance of one hundred and seventyeight miles in an air line, one hundred and forty-nine miles of which were across the -sea. The birds were carefully trained, in stormy and fair weather, to carry messages across the sea, and some of them performed the journey at the rate of forty-five miles per hour.

Twothirds of the birds sent from Maddalena arrived at Rome in times varying from four hours and fifty minutes and eight hours and eighteen minutes;

and the first arrival reached Rome before the cablegram announcing their flight from Maddalena Island.

Only two-fifths of those sent from Rome reached Maddalena Island, which was doubtless owing to insufficient training.

Experiments for sea voyages for carrier-pigeon services have also been made at the Cagliari naval station, which was established to reconnoiter the seas.

Birds have covered the distance to Naples, two hundred and eighty miles, in nine hours. The longest voyage made in Italy was from Turin to Ancona, three hundred and ten miles, which the pigeons performed in the rain in ten hours and three minutes.

These experiments and strategical considerations have led to adoption of a limit of about one hundred and fifty-five miles as the maximum distance between Italian military carrier pigeon stations.

A most interesting experiment was made by Mr. J.

Wagner of Boston, Mass, who sent nine carrier pigeons to London by mail steamer on October 9, 1SS6.

Shortly after their arrival they commenced their long flight home across the Atlantic Ocean.

Up to January 10, 1887, three of these birds had returned;'one arrived in Boston direct from London, the second was recovered near New York City, and the third was found in the Alleghany Mountains in Pennsylvania.

The owner's address was painted on the bird's wings, and when they were found, the birds were returned to the owner.

The other six birds were not recovered.

All kinds of experiments have been made to ascertain to what extent correspondence can be carried during rain, fog, snow, contrary winds, and in storms» and then to ascertain how the pigeons would cross ranges of mountains, espec-

TOBACCO.

ially the Alps, all of which have resulted satisfactorily.

If the earth is covered with snow the pigeons will only make short flights, and in stormy weather they will stop on their journey until the weather moderates.

In cold climates only short journeys can he performed in winter, in which season it will be also necessary to provide stopping places or relays, even in southern stations.

The latest experiments in training pigeons have resulted in making the pigeons both go and return.

This feat has been successfully accomplished in Germany and France.

In case of necessity the pigeons can be domiciled at a station in about twelve days, at the expiration of which period they will be available for messenger service.

The value of carrier pigeon service, in case of war, is being more and more appreciated, especially as the cost of the service is so small, and further developments may be confidently expected.

The successful flights across the seas render the use of carrier pigeons to convey messages from ships in distress to life-saving stations, or to ports from whence assistance may be sent, extremely probable in the near future.

Selected.

TOBACCO* This plant, on account of its peculiar properties, has occupied the attention of scientists and the medical faculty for some time, and the opinion of the majority is, that it possesses poisonous qualities which are highly injurious to the human system.

It therefore behooves all rational persons to examine its nature and the effect it has upon them.

The plant nicotiana tabacwn, commonly known as tobacco, is an herb of the same order,as henbane, belladonna, thorn apple, etc., and is known as a powerful vegetable poison.

There are between thirty and forty varieties growing in almost all the countries in the temperate regions.

It is largely cultivated in the State of Virginia for home consumption and exportation.

It grows to a height of from three to six feet, having large pointed leaves which are carefully dried for sale; and to show the enormous cultivation of this plant, England alone consumes nearly ^"16,000,000 worth yearly, which is principally imported from the

United States.

It is a matter of doubt which country is the home of this plant, but it was unknown to Europe until the discovery of America.

It was first smoked in England by Sir Walter Raleigh, and notwithstanding all that King James and * Read before the M.

I. A., of Nottingham, England.

others of his time wrote against its use, and the enormous duty he caused to be levied upon it, the article grew rapidly into favor in England, as it did, strange to say, in all civilized countries.

Nicotine, the essential principle of tobacco, is extracted from the plant by chemical processes, and it is said to be capable of destroying life sooner than any poison excepting prussic acid.

In smoking the weed this poison is absorbed by the mucous membrane of the mouth, and taken into the blood, which carries it into every part of the system, and in those systems not accustomed to it, will produce faintness, sickness and nervous prostration, the effects of which are sometimes felt for several days.

The writer once took a walk with several youths of his own age to a small village outside of Nottingham, and on the homeward journey he, with the rest, must have a cigar.

This being his first attempt, he felt very proud.

Scarcely had he smoked a third of it, however, when he was seized with violent vomiting and nervous prostration.

The effect of that cigar was felt for several days, and the sufferer decided that it would be as well to let such things alone.

Great prostration and vomiting has been produced by placing on the hand a strong effusion of tobacco.

Such is the effect of this powerful nicotine that one

TOBACCO.

drop placed upon the tongue of a dog has proved sufficient to cause deathSoldiers have frequently disabled themselves by placing soaked tobacco under their armpits.

The tea of tobacco, when applied to the pit of the stomach, has been known to cause convulsions.

The blood is also greatly thinned by its use and diminished in vitality.

Upon the perfect condition of the blood depends the healthy action of every part of our bodies, and can we expect that this poisonous nicotine will circulate with it without producing serious consequences?

By its use the complexion is rendered sallow; the digestive organs are disordered, for it paralyzes the nerves and muscles of the stomach, and produces an excess of saliva in the mouth.

This saliva is not a fluid easily replaced, but a chemical secretion necessary to assist digestion.

Now the habit of smoking and chewing is conducive to spitting, and the fluid that should enter the stomach is thrown away, thereby preventing the proper digestion of food.

The effect upon the nerves is equally painful to see; for we find that it weakens them, and favors a careless state of existence.

Many smokers have become partially paralyzed, and are often subject to ner,ve tremors, which to remedy they will have recourse to strong stimulants.

The famous Dr. Rush says that smoking renders simple fluids almost tasteless.

Hence the recourse to brandy to supply the want.

It has also been asserted that if a person has smoked or chewed long, if he is not a drinker he soon will be, as the use of tobacco drys up the natural secretions and creates a desire for stimulants.

The evidence produced shows that tobacco is an active poison, wh; ch will produce distressing and fatal diseases, and as a medicine cannot be relied on, and is rarely necessary.

Men will point us to the almost universal use of this herb, but it is no proof that it is beneficial to the human family for that reason.

Every nation has its vices.

The Englishman likes his beer and tobacco; the Frenchman his cigarette and wine;

the German his pipe and beer;

the Russian his rooka, and the Chinaman his opium;

but we do not justify these nations in their vices, when we see the awful effects they have upon them.

Smokers will use as an argument in its favor that tobacco will retard combustion, or the waste of the system.

Now when we reflect that combustion is a natural result of life and activity, anything preventing this is contrary to the laws of health and should be avoided.

Persons will often satisfy themselves with the idea that moderate indulgence is safe for them; that they are their own masters, and in no danger of becoming slaves to the habit.

But no one has a right to tamper with evil or enter into temptation.

Even admitting there is no danger, they become stumbling-blocks to others.

No habit is so easily propagated as that of smoking;

it takes root with youth almost always from the example of others.

Chewing is considered to be an American habit, though it is very prevalent in England.

The use of tobacco in this form causes an unusual amount of saliva in consequence of the irritation of the glands, and the evils arising from a waste of this fluid, which have already been named, follows, to say nothing of the habit of spitting it produces, which is a terror to all good housekeepers.

Snuffing also belongs to tobacco.

Snuff is made of tobacco, powdered and mixed with finely ground glass, etc.

This reaches the olfactory nerves, and in time irritates the delicate lining of the brain.

It is said that Napoleon the Great shortened his life by the excessive use of it.

Among the evils arising from the habits of smoking, chewing or snuffing, we may enumerate dyspepsia, decayed teeth, a sallow complexion, blindness, together with numerous nervous disorders.

Now the Lord has expressed His will very definitely on this subject:

"And again, tobacco is not for the body neither for the belly, and is not good for man;

but is an herb for bruises and sick cattle, to be used with judgment and skill."Let us endeaver to shun the appearance of evil.

Let us show to all mankind that we are children of the light,by

A DREAM.

shunning all their vices and evil habits.

Let us cultivate that which is good and pure and calculated to elevate our natures, and bring ourselves nearer that standard

God designs us to attain to, that in the end we may gain the reward we have set out for—namely, eternal life in the kingdom of our Father and God.

John Wells.

A DREAM.

Where beat the sun's fierce splendor,

On breathless, barren sands, Or on the wand'rmg rivers, Through fruitless, shadeless strands;

On temples olden, ruined, On peoples passed away, Whose rock-hewn records baffle

The races of to-day;

O'er all the wondrous region, There seemed to breathe to me, A voiceless presence waiting To break its mystery.

I felt it's hov'ring sadness, I almost heard it's sigh, It's weight of gloom and glory,

In ages long gone by;

I saw the shades of beauty, Of splendors laid in dust, And felt my feet were nearing Its secret, mighty trust.

The silent rocks seemed witness,

That fain would move and speak,

And from ihe far south ocean, Came whispers wandering weak, That seemed to call me onward "O, seek, and ye shall hear Thy soul's long listened answer,

To bless thy presence here.""O sleeping land,"I answered, "What word hast thou to me?

A chord is in my spirit That thrills to reach to thee;

O, charmed land, from mortals,

Hushed is thy voice of prayer, Yet I can feel thy ransom Borne on the desert air."O, then the close air trembled

As though an earthquake woke, And swift beneath my pilgrim feet A rift before me broke.

So vast and clear the space reached

Nor tongue its calm could tell,

Then on it's holy stillness Soft voices gently fell.

And then I heard them calling From prisons'gloom and thrall, "O reach thy soul to save us, Thy Savior died for all.

Come to our remnant people, As though they were thine own,

Their lives for us will answer,

Their faith our wrongs atone.

O, looking on the ruins Of temples built in vain, Whose splendors wrought in error,

Our monuments remain;

Have pity on the toilers, Whose fruitless life is o'er, And from our helpless drfting,

Guide back our souls once more."

O, then I read the records Of ages dark with wrongs, Of false traditions leading men

From God in blinded throngs;

And when my soul looked backward,

My selfish thoughts they read "My land hath living temples, And their's lie waste and dead;

And can I leave my blessings Of plenty, peace and ease, And stoop to remnant races So fallen as are these?"Then swift before me brightened,

A sacrifice divine, By which all souls were purchased, These dark ones, too, with mine.

Then in the quick contrition, My humbled soul bent low, "If thus my heart can serve Thee, Lo, I am here to go."O, land of buried temples!

When thy poor children wake, From darkness to salvation, The sacrifice I make;

Will swiftly be lost sight of,

In joy so great and wide, My work will seem as weakness,

Their grateful works beside.

In day dreams I am with them, I mingle in their train, Unseen by them I listen, Their spirits glad refrain, And whisper to the wand'ring air, "My heart is there, my heart is there."Augusta Joyce Crocheron.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, November, 18S7.

VOLUME NINE.

In commencing the Ninth Volume of

The Contributor we take occasion to call the attention of the Mutual Improvement

Associations to its mission and relationship to the work of the Societies.

As their organ it has contained the general counsel and instructions of officers, reports of conferences and special meetings, orders of exercises, etc., and has strived to promote the work of mutual improvement among the young people of Zion.

This endeavor has been more especially in the direction of encouraging the literary talent among us and in developing taste for a pure and instructive literature, characteristic of our own people.

We have succeeded fairly in this respect, nearly two hundred young men and women have been induced to write for the pages of the magazine, whose contributions were considered suitable for publication and have been read with pleasure and- profit.

It may not be necessary to add that an equal number have contributed to the waste paper basket; but it is to the latter and to those who have not yet written for the Magazine that this editorial is especially directed.

We wish it known that The Contributor is particularly designed to encourage and cultivate original home literature.

All who possess- talent in this respect are invited to write for its columns.

We shall publish the best that comes to us and strive to aid and encourage those who at first do not succeed.

To those who have ever written for the Magazine the usual invitation is extended to compete for a cash prize of twenty-five dollars and The Contributor souvenir medal, to be given tor the best Christmas Story.

Matter must be ready by December 10th, and sent to The

Contributor office with name of writer in a separate envelope.

A cash prize of ten dollars and an elegant set of Standard Poets will be given for the best Christmas Poem, to be delivered at the same time and under the same conditions as the story.

In addition to these prizes, a cash prize of twenty-five dollars and a copy of the Book of Mormon and of The Life of Nephi by Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon, will be given for the best serial story founded on incidents in the Book of Mormon, to occupy about five pages in five or six successive numbers of the Magazine, (not more than twenty-five thousand words in all,) manuscript to be delivered by January 31st 18S8. A general invitation is extended to compete for this prize.

It is always wise to keep clear of personalities in general conversation.

Talk of things, objects, thoughts.

The smallest minds occupy themselves with personalities.

Personalities have to sometimes be talked, because we have to learn and find out men's characters for legitimate objects, but it is to be with confidential persons.

Do not needlessly report ill of others.

There are times when we are compelled to say, "I do not think Bouncer is a true and honest man;"but when there is no need to express an opinion, let poor Bouncer swagger away.

Others will take his measure, no doubt, and save you the trouble of analyzing and instructing them.

As far as possible dwell on the good side of human beings.

There are family boards where a constant progress of depreciating, assigning of motives and cutting up of character goes forward.

They are not pleasant places.

One who is healthy does not wish to dine at a dissecting table.

There is evil enough in man, the Lord knows; but it is not the business of every young man or woman to detail or report it all.

Keep the atmosphere as pure as possible and fragrant with gentleness and charity.

"Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh."Let its words then proclaim a clean and pure heart.

A BOQUET OF BEAUTY.

A BOOUET OF BEAUTY.

There were assembled to do honor to the advanced birthday of a beloved ancestor a crowd of little grandchildren, each of whom came in the character of a flower:

The beautiful Rose, queen of flowers, heralded their coming:

Mine is the kingdom of Flower Land, And I rule with a sceptre mild;

My maids of honor, a charming band

Of grace and beauty, cultured and wild;

They'er waiting now, to greet you this day (My pretty subjects) in splendid array.

You'll hear of meadow and babbling brook,

Of woods so dim,—and the shelter'd nook

Where violets bloom and harebells swing;

And feathery sweet fenns wave and sing;

Clematis comes twining arms so light;

Her feet are swift, and her hands are fair;

She leads the way, with eyes so bright,

And brings my flowers from everywhere.

My dear little messenger; now be fleet,

And arrange our boquet, fair and sweet.

They were introduced by the Clematis or the "trailing vine,"who, in sweet accents spoke as follows:

Here I come, twining, twining, everywhere:

By the winding roadside, On the sunny hillside, Close by the noisy brook, In every shady nook, I come twining, twining, everywhere.

Here I come, twining, smiling, everywhere.

All round the opening door, Twining for riclpand poor, Here where the children play, On Grandpa's birthday;

I come twining, twining, everywhere.

Now I come twining, Deftly combining, All our sweet flowers in a big boquet;

Presenting our treasure For Grandpapa's pleasure, To make him remember this happy birth day.

Then followed the lovely little Jasmine, white and delicate as snow, whose lines were uttered in tones of wondering inquiry:

Who hath not heard of the jasmine fair?

Its silvery star-like flowers,

Shine with a beauty and perfume rare, And daintily deck the bowers.

Take then this symbol from me,

Souls of a delicate, gentle taste, For it is said the jasmine shall be, The emblem of beauty chaste.

The Carnation, aglow with the pink of sunny climes and fragrant as the div^fte spices of Araby the blest, said:

Soft breezes blew my fragrance sweet

From the land of the stately palm;

And birdlings rare, the seed did bear,

Which gave me this land for my home.

And now they call me Carnation;

But in the old fashioned times,

I was known as pretty clove pink,

For I come from spicy climes.

The glorious emblem of aesthetic taste, the golden symbol of the king of day, the Sunflower, stepped forth and taught his never- failing lesson:

Constant and true to the sun I turn, As he rises in royal splendor,

And every day the lesson I learn, To be constant and faithful and tender.

And though at night I lose warmth and light, I find it again each morning bright.

The Hollyhock came right on the heels of the Sunflower and told this fair story:

I pray you gentle-folks, remember

The gardens quaint and old, Where bloomed from June until November,

The Holly Hocks of gold And white and crimson hue;

You've played they were girls in silken dress.

Parasols made of them; candle-sticks, too;

Feasted on cheeses fresh from the press, Sipped of the nectar the honey bees knew.

And then came the little Pansy blossom, her eyes aflame and face glowing with the full beauty of the flower:

Bright and happy is my face, I bring the sunshine with me, Hearts I ease with gentle grace, Leave tender thoughts behind me.

A Morning-glory lifted up his head and trumpeted in clarion voice as follows:

You find me every morning bright,

In colors purple, pink and blue,

Heart-shaped leaves and hands so light;

Face all fair with morning dew.

I deck the lady's bower, And hear the old, old story;

I am a favorite flower, A bright-faced morning glory.

A BOQUET OF BEAUTY.

The Buttercup, the jolly little Buttercup strode forth and made his bow:

Buttercups, king cups, gold as the sun, I can tell you every one, Who loves butter and who loves none;

Hold me under each chin so white, J&d I'll paint the one with golden light;

In the spring-time, I give you gold, Easy to get, and light to hold.

And right along beside him a Daisy lifted up his head and declared:

Daisies here and daisies there,

Daisies growing everywhere;

In the sunshine, in the shade,

On the hill, and in the glade;

Pink and white, with hearts of gold;

Hope within their buds they fold.

But sweeter than buttercups and daisies, who are very romps among flowers, was the lovely Wildrose, saying:

Near rippling streams where young trout play,

And canyon breezes softly blow,

Where welcome sunshine cheers the day,

I sweetly bloom the long day through.

And the rare, downy Edelweiss of the Alps, a charming little German blossom, proclaiming herself:

Rarest flower on mountain high

Blooming amid the snow and ice

Watching the clouds go sailing by;

The silken, snowy Edelweiss.

And the Sweet Allyssum testified of his worth beyond beauty thus:

Snowy white is the crest I raise

Small my flowers, sweet the perfume;

With all my little heart, I praise The One who sent me here to bloom.

And then the tiny little Lily of the Valley made her bow:

Sweet is the lily of the vale,

So fair and delicate and pale;

It is the gentle fairies bell, Children know it and love it well.

A four leaved Clover industriously declared:

The honey bee drones a softer hum

When he spies my purple bloom And chuckles; the clover has come Now I'll be able to gather home Sweets enough to welcome all;

If I keep busy from spring 'til fall.

Reaching up her little arms the Sweetpea sang:

Daintily tip-toe, I come dancing, Stretch my fairy wings and try to fly;

Looks of love from my eyes are glancing

Strong tho'slender my arms are clinging;

Joy and beauty to you I'm bringing

With every summer breeze, I sigh.

The little modest Violet breathed sweetly:

Deep in a shelter'd, woody dell

Among the moss and meadows sweet

In peacefulness I calmly dwell, Far from the dust of city street.

Though very small and barely able to venture out, still the favorite Mignonette had a little piece to say:

Humble and small my blossoms be,

No beauty of color or form I wear;

But I lift my head and over the lea Sweetest perfume, 'the winds do bear.

But the latest and last of all the flowers to bloom at Grandpa's birthday was the Cuckoo bud:

First to cheer us in the spring,

Comes the Cuckoo buds of gold, Breathing freshness; how they bring

Hope of joyousness untold.

And then the voices of the absent ones were heard, precious flowers all, whose hearts were warmed and words of blessing and endearment fell upon the mindful ear with solacing comfort on this glorious day. The first of these glad messages from afar was uttered by the

Golden Rod:

The mellow Autumn days are here;

The golden rod is blooming on the hill And by the dusty roadside, drear,

And close beside the babbling rill;

Cheering us, with its crest of gold, Weathering all the frosts, so bold

And brave;

it holds itself erect In rich and lovely radiance deck'd.

And the Red Poppy offered her sweet tribute of consolation:

In this world with sorrow rife,

There is need of glow and brightness

So God gave the poppies life Gave them color, form and lightness;

Gave them more, a gentle mission;

'Tis the work of consolation.

The memory flower claimed his place:

Oft as the perfume of my flower

Is borne by soft breezes o'er the lea,

So comes with sweetness and with power

The loving memories of me.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

And never forgetting his gallant duty even to a grandsire sage, the SweetWilliam made his politest obeisance:

Famed for my gallantry far and wide, And blooming in elegant splendor, 'Neath my vesture of velvet I hide A heart that beats most true and tender.

And love with a love that grows apace.

For all of my airs, and showy grace.

A White Hyacinth in unobtrusive loveliness rang silver bells of glad salutation:

Dainty bells of snowy whiteness

Ring for you their chimes of love,

Bring on memory's wings of lightness

Peace and blessing from above, And the charming Apple-blossom made known her preference:

Apple blossoms; dainty graces;

Pink and white, like baby faces They promise us, for winter's chill

The solace of a hope fulfilled.

The youthful innocent, the playful Lilac said for himself:

The scent of lilacs pervades the place

And hold their own with a charming grace

Mid flowers richer, and rarer far,

Though none more dearly beloved are.

And was followed with perfect sincerity by the Sweet-fern:

Far in the woods, near a rippling stream,

My feathery branches softly wave;

I catch the glance of each stray sunbeam And so rest content, 'tis all I crave.

But the last of these flower voices heard was the plaintive murmuring of the Forget-me-not:

Far from the busy mart, in shady spot,

I ope my eyes of heaven's own blue;

Tho'far away, I ask, forget-me-not, And I will prove most loving and true.

Ah!

but not the last, for one had learned his verse, the joyous bright Chrysanthemum, a flower of Autumn, who had succumbed to the cold and chill of this dark world, and sent back his greeting from the glorious garden of Paradise, where he blooms "so fair and calm"forever:

When autumn winds blow cold and chill,

And leaves are rustling 'neath your feet,

Your loving hearts with thoughts to thrill |Of summer joys, and fragrance sweetBlooms "mid the frosts, so fair and calm,

The joyous bright chrysanthemum.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

This department of the magazine will hereafter be conducted under the immediate supervision of the general officers of the Y.

M.

M.

I.

A.

Elder Milton H. Hardy in charge.

It will contain announcements of Conferences for each month, Minutes of important meetings,

Orders of Exercises and References for

Home Readings.

Officers of the Associations are requested to aid us in making the department a complete success and benefit to the Associations.

CONFERENCES IN NOVEMBER.

Wasatch—Heber City, November, nth, 10 a. m, and 2 p. m.

Weber—Ogden, November 13th, a.m., 2 and 7 p. m.

Juab—Nephi, November 20th, 2 and p. m.

Box Elder—Brigham City, November 26th, 2 p.m., and 27th, 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.

EXERCISES FOR NOVEMBER.

Below are presented headings for three lectures on each general subject, to occupy three regular working meetings during the month.

The selection and assignment of these lectures to be made by the President of the Association.

Bible.—The Creation.

The Garden of Eden.

The Fall.

Book of Mormon.—Zedekiah, King of

Judah.

Lehi's Vision.

Nephi's Return to Jerusalem.

Church History.—1805 to 1S20.—Birth and parentage of Joseph Smith;

his occupation; educational advantages; changes of residence; religious revivals; impressions concerning the clashing creeds;

prevalent idea about the character of the Deity;

his belief in the promise of the Apostle James.

1820 to 1823.

Joseph Smith's first vision; persecutions on making it known;

penitence for

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

youthful foibles;

his first -prayer heard.

1823 to 1827.—Moroni's visits and instructions; the plates, shown to Joseph Smith;

employed by Josiah Stoal;

his marriage.

Doctrinal.—Three Lectures on Faith.

Preceptor class exercise.

Scientific—The Electric Light.

Why Water Boils.

The Bones of Human Beings.

Historical.—Discovery of America.

The Earlier Settlements.

The Pilgrims.

Biographical.—Gicero.

Columbus.

John Taylor.

Travel.—Ancient and Modern Modes.

Missionary Travels.

Travels in Mexico.

Musical.—Beethoven.

Musical Societies in Utah.

Appropriate Selection of Hymns.

Political.—Republican Government.

Rights of United States Citizens to Land.

The Democratic Platform.

HOME READINGS FOR THE MONTH.

Bible.—Genesis Chapters i-ii., and II Kings xxiv.

Book of Mormon.—I Nephi i.-iv.

Church History.

Mill.

Star, supplement to Vol. XIV.

Juvenile Instructor.

Vol. IX.

The Martyrs.

Doctrinal.—Doctrine and Covenants, First three Lectures on Faith.

Preceptor, Pages 7-10.

Historical.—Life of Columbus.

Early U. S. History.

Political.—Nordhoffs Politics for Young

Americans.

CONTRIBUTOR READINGS.

Electricity.—Professor J. E. Talmage.

Vol. VIII, 229, 259.

Waters of Salt Lake Valley.—Professor

J. T. Kingsbury.—Vol. IX, 19.

Ancient Ruins in Mexico.—Moses Thatcher.—Vol. VIII., 6.

Beethoven.—Vol.

I., 19.

John Taylor.—Vol. VIII., 383.

The Original Manuscript.—George Reynolds.—Vol.

V., 365, and VII., 474.

GENERAL CONFERENCE.

The General Conference of the Y. M.

M.

I.

A., was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on the evening of October 6th.

Elder Junius F.

Wells presiding.

Singing by Tabernacle Choir.

Opening prayer, Edward H. Anderson.

The resignation of Nephi W. Clayton,

General Secretary, on account of pressure of other labors, was accepted, and the general officers sustained as follows:

Wilford Woodruff, General Superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

Joseph F.

Smith and Moses Thatcher, Counselors.

Junius F.

Wells, Milton H.

Hardy, Rodney C. Badger and Joseph A. West,

Assistants to the General Superintendency.

George C. Lambert, General Secretary, and Wm. S. Burton, General Treasurer.

The Territorial officers of the Y. L. M.

I. A., were also presented and sustained as follows:

Elmina S.

Taylor, General Superintendent of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations.

Maria Y.

Dougall and Mattie H. Tingey, Counselors.

Mary E. Cook, Secretary, and Fanny Y. Thatcher, Treasurer.

An imperfect statistical report of the Y. M. M.

I. A.

was then read, which indicated that a full report would show two hundred and seventy-five Associations, with an aggregate membership exceeding fifteen thousand.

Elder Rodney C.

Badger and Sister Elmina S. Taylor addressed the large congregation, and the General Secretary, George C.

Lambert, read the.

following ADDRESS OF THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY.

To the officers and members of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations throughout Zion:

Dear Brethren—While regretting the existence of circumstances depriving us of the satisfaction and pleasure of mingling personally with you, in your general conference gathering, we are delighted with the privilege of addressing you in writing.

Our hearts are full of gratitude to our heavenly Father, and we rejoice exceedingly in the blessings of life and liberty so abundantly bestowed upon the youth of Zion.- Upon you, dear young brethren, the hope of Israel largely rests.

Be

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ye, therefore, worthy of your holy calling.

Trust in the Lord of Hosts, give your hearts to God, and fail not in your mission of Improvement.

Be watchful, prayerful, obedient;

for the eyes of heavenly hosts are upon you.

Honor your parents, that your days may be many.

Venerate those grown gray in the service of the God of heaven and earth, and the ordinances of the Gospel shall be your portion, the salvation of God your part, and the Holy Priesthood with the powers thereof your inheritance.

A great work is before you.

Thrust in your sickles and reap, for the harvest is ripe, though laborers are few.

Be not satisfied, rest not content until every young man professing the name of

Saint in Zion is enrolled in the cause of Mutual Improvement.

Civilization, so called, with a tide of evil and corrupting influences is sweeping the land with temptations calculated to lead the young into paths of vice and destruction.

These must be resisted and overcome, because at war with peace and purity.

Be ye lovers of men rather than lovers of pleasure.

Using wisely the gifts and graces with which the Almighty has endowed you, rescue from the allurements of saloons, beer halls and other haunts of vice, those whom God has designed should move on a higher and purer moral plane.

Human redemption, from the effects of the fall, is the grandest work in which God and man can be engaged.

Those who would be successfully employed in it must secure the testimony of the Holy

Spirit, make virtue the jewel of the soul, purity of thought the guide of the heart, and honor, integrity and truth companions of daily life.

Conforming your exercises to the organizations of the Church, let all your teachings harmonize therewith; so shall all your works, under the proper use of the Priesthood which you bear, be sanctified to the honor and glory of God.

The general authorities of the Church and those of the Wards and Stakes throughout Zion will giveyou encouragement and help whenever and wherever needed.

Half-yearly conferences of the various

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations may be held in the Stakes throughout Zion at such times and places as may be determined by the Stake Presidency and Superintendency of the Associations.

These conferences may occupy two days, including one Sunday, and should be made occasions for receiving reports and giving mutual instructions that will tend to harmonize the manner of conducting the Associations and achieving the most satisfactory results.

A general conference of the Associations will be held about the first of June, 18S8, and annually thereafter, the exact date and place to be hereafter named by the General Superintendency.

The Associations should endeavor to continue their regular weekly meetings until about the time of the Annual Conference, before taking their summer vacation.

At the general conference statistical and other necessary reports will be required and time given for the consideration of the best means and methods of promoting the education and welfare of the young men and women of Zion.

The Primary and Sunday School organizations, Mutual Improvement Associations, and Relief Societies have been instituted for a wise purpose.

They are "helps and governments"calculated in their nature and design to accomplish much good among the Saints.

Each has a special field of usefulness not occupied by the others, and no man in this Church, filled with the Holy Ghost, will lay a straw in the way of either of them.

Neither will he find occasion for manifestations of petty jealousies, by which to foster one at the expense of another.

The Sunday Schools have gradually and almost universally come to occupy the forenoon of each Sabbath.

Have the interests of God's Church or the welfare of His people suffered thereby?

Certainly not.

What, indeed, is of more vital importance to- us than the proper religious training of our children? What the Primary Associations begin, let the Sunday Schools and Mutual Improvement Associations continue.

Each has

ASSOCIATION INTEILIGENCE.

its mission and special field, upon which no servant of God humbly trying to do his duty will seek to encroach.

The Contributor, as the organ of the Mutual Improvement Associations, is a medium of instruction and enlightenment.

How, except by judicious exercises of the faculties shall we develop the talent with which the Creator may have endowed us?

Few tilings, if any, are calculated to strengthen the mind and give it powers of concentration more than the frequent use of the pen, in writing for publication.

And what agency is more potent for good than the press?

The Contributor, whose articles are largely furnished by home authors, is a magazine of which all Israel have reason to be proud.

Its circulation should be widely extended, and to this end we invite the co-operation of all Saints.

The editor, Brother Junius F. Wells, has been singularly blessed in his management of the magazine heretofore.

His selection and arrangement of matter have been remarkably fortunate, and the Lord has been with him in his responsible labors.

But, notwithstanding the degree of excellence reached, it should be our constant effort to improve, and the young men and women of talent among us can do great service in this direction, by furnishing regular contributions to the magazine.

To this desirable end we very respectfully invite their hearty cooperation.

Libraries and reading rooms should be established throughout Zion, and lectures on various subjects should be encouraged.

Thus may you become acquainted with the customs, laws and language of various countries, while seeking to graduate in the science of all other sciences—correct theology.

In this connection we would suggest that it will be well in all the Stakes for the Associations to take the initiative in establishing libraries and reading rooms.

This is a labor peculiarly adapted to our organization and has been enjoined upon us from the beginning.

We deprecate any disposition on the part of our young men, especially those who have had superior opportunities for acquiring an education, to draw away from the Improvement Associations, and to form among themselves separate societies of an exclusive nature.

Would it not be better if they would lend their talent and efforts to make the Improvement Associations more successful?

There is no worthy object they can desire to attain that the Improvement Associations do not contemplate and hope to reach..We, therefore, ask the co-operation of all such young men, and trust that it will be gladly given, as we feel sure the results of a united endeavor under proper organization and direction will be most satisfactory.

In all your struggles in acquiring knowledge seek wisdom.

In all your efforts to improve seek to know God and

Jesus, whom He hath sent, for in that knowledge is found life eternal.

The Holy Priesthood that you bear is the key to unlock that door.

See that you do not misuse it and thereby fail.

"Ask and ye shall receive.

Knock and it shall open."On returning home from this conference, we trust that you will carry with you the Spirit thereof and renewed determination to 'labor diligently and earnestly for improvement in the interest of purity and holiness.

Remembering always the reason for the hope within you, make the love of God and of your fellows the foundation of your work; and moving forward steadily and prayerfully and earnestly, you cannot fail in accomplishing that which brings peace, happiness and salvation.

Praying that the Lord may bless, preserve, guide and prosper you in all your works of love, we remain, Your fellow-laborers in the cause of Mutual Improvement.

Wilford Woodruff, Jos. F. Smith, Moses Thatcher.

Remarks were then made by Elder Junius F. Wells and President Angus M.

Cannon; and after singing by the choir, the conference adjourned.

Benediction by Elder William S. Burton.

Clark, Eldredge & Co., Wholesale Groceries, Crockery, Queensware, Etc., MAIN STREET.^.

"^gSAT.T LAKE CITY.

dJofan ©. ©utlep W 8po., ^AGENTS,^ PRQVQ ^^QOIvBN GOODS, Always have in Stock a Fine Line of Home Made Suitings, Dress Goods, Flannels and Yarn.

KOLD CONSTITUTION BUILDING.)!

i, «. C-HAUSEfli, PrieHert.

F. A. UITCHELL, Sis'g A Manager

DEALERS IN WEHSEIR CxOAIL From the WASATCH and CRISMOJf MIMES.W}^amm im m Frem the Utah Central ftei/w&y Cs's Unas mid it Nt. 41 Mail Stmt, SALT UK! STT, BTH TtumtMS M* S84..

SPPMITE Z. I. M.

I.

P. 9. Box 88T

ESTABLISHED 1879 S&& ^Volume Nine.-^ The Ninth Volume of the Contributor commences with the November number, and will present to its readers a variety of ORIGINAL HOME LITERATURE unsurpassed by any previous volume.

The leading historical series will be a carefully prepared History of the Nauvoo Legion, by Lieut.

Richard W. Young, U.

S.

A.

This military history of our people will include an account of the origin of the Legion, its services in Nauvoo, in the early days of Utah, during the Echo Canyon War, and the Indian troubles;

its famous musters and drills, collisions with Federal authorities, disbandment and final repeal of its charter by act of Congress.

Numerous and costly engravings of its conspicuous officers will adorn the volume.

In addition to which we have had an eligant portrait made of Lieut.-Genl. Joseph Smith, mounted on his favorite horse "Joe Duncan."This drawning by Mr. John Hafen, is twenty by twenty-five inches and will be beautifully engraved.

It is designed to accompany the volume as a memento of the Legion.

The aim of the CONTRIBUTOR has always been to encourage and improve our Home

Literature The new volume will contain matter from the pens of many old friends, including Presidents Wilford Woodruff, Joseph

F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, F. M. Lyman, Geo.

Reynolds, O.

F. Whitney, B. H. Roberts, J. M. Tanner, J. E. Talmage, Emmeline

B. Wells, A.

J.

Crocheron, M. M. Johnson (Ruby Lamont), and others, besides introducing the names of a large number of new writers.

The usual Prizes and Souvenir Medal will be given for a Christmas Story and Poem, and also a Prize for the best Serial Story based upon incidents in the Book of Mormon.

The Association Intelligence Department, under the immediate direction of the Gerieral Officers of the Y. M. M.

I. A. will receive particular attention, and be made as useful as possible to the Associations.

Officers are requested to contribute to this department.

Every endeavor will be made to make the

Ninth a superior volume, and we confidently hope for its favorable reception by the young men and women of Zion, in whose interests it is especially published, and all of whom are invited to write for its columns.

Subscription, per year, $2.00.

Subscribers paying $2.50 in advance will receive a copy of the engraving of Lieut.-Genl. Joseph Smith, and may have their volumes bound at the end of the year Free.

Back Volumes for sale $2.50 each.

Address: THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY,

P. O Bsx 305 40 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah Remittances should be made by P. O. Order, Note or Registered Letter.

R. K. THOMAS, Bagle JdSirvpori-uLi:*!..

Pry Goods, Carpets, Olo t:jhL_in. gg 9 Notions.

R. K. THOMAS.

aXJSBTOaT, O^J15BETES CO.

MutiriurttNM «rf M;»iSe ef Annealed Steel and galvanized Wir«, «im> "44 Pickets per Rod, »fc it eo*6 of from 45 cts. te Sl.M » Dtw K*d.

This is the Besfc ¥*r*& anfl (**r4ea Jemee M*4* &£a.d.e on Xaaevpro-weel Flsux.

Better t3o.ai3=L suaa.y laaiporteA Agents for tfee Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACHINES OPPOSITE THE THEATRE.

LT IS THE BEST TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO T3a.e Xjargrest™Sale of a.aa.37"Tobacco in.

t3a.e "^TsT'orlA.

JOHN M. BROWNING.

MATT.

S. BROWNING.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., Guns, Rifles, Pistols, trgrJes.lpasekll ^aah, Iftsfpj %nt^ g.

oSEHJD FOR CATALOGUED Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

SIERRA NEVADA LUMBER ASSOCIATION OF UTAH o oooooooooo OOP oooooooooooooo o LCMBBH, o o o Mill Work in all its Branches.

iif <5 S3 Oak, Ash, Cherry, Walnut, Butternut, Mahogany, Spanish Cedar, Prima Vera, Etc., in Stock.

Hard and Soft Wood Mantels, to Order. Stair Buildir-g a Specialty.

o c o o o o o o oooooo oooooooooooooo o One-half Block South U.

C. Depot, \ 'SAL! LAKE CITY.

i S.

J.

LYNN, Supt.

JOHN READING, PIONEER Florist of Utah.

TREES, SHRUBS, PLANTS AND SEEDS, Of Every Description, Acclimated, and Warranted to be Reliable.

Send for Catalogue.

Orders by Mail Carefully Attended to.

I X9. O. Box s.a.XjT Xj^.s:b citt

Thomas fV yennings, Importer, jobber ank Retail Dealer in

CLOTHING, ~ HATS, CAPS, BOOTS, SHOES Gents Furnishing Ennds, Trunks, i i i Uslises:

35 W FIRST SOUTH STHEET, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE MAGNIFICENT ENGRAVING OS* LIEUT- GENL.

JOSEPH SMITH, MOUNTED, (18:x22 Inches,) Will be GIVEN to Every Subscriber W**8C flgSMSfc.

to P*"in PRICE $250, including BIXDIXG and E.\GRAT'IXG.

The Deseret News.

The Best as well as Oldest Newspaper in the Rocky Mountain Region.

asUxoiilci fc>^ iia Every Family.

OFFICE:

Corner East and South Tvnple Streets,

SALT LAKE CITY.

8WirW^«*tj^tff^^ &MMK.

Heber J Grant, P»*«f G. T. Odell, Aj»t Mgr 1 CO-OD.

J. F. Grint, Manager, R. S Walls, Treat.

*."K* C.W.&M.Co^ UU-UJI. U CIUUIJ Vlt ilxv *^3 PAID UP CAPITAL, $150. 000.

Leading Agricultural Implement House of Utah. | njTj\njorLRnr\njTJvriJTJTJinJiJannnjxan^ rin a/1 -ruT-ruT. Tj\ru-u-in.nji nruanru\njnnJTruTJxruuTJTru^ REPRESENTS THE K^3 REPREbENTi I Mfc v ££ ^ Mitchell Wagons.

Bain Wagons, *£ Wood Machines, Deere Pluivs, |<g Itussell <k Co.'s Machinery, &£ '•x-w-*- „«• iv/r *T^ 3H CARRIACIS, BUGGIES, ROAD CART1, HARNESS- g« i^»W.«5 JVl.l^O i^^x^rx-v'-i^z^^s-^^'i^^rz^^x"^

Half Block South of Theatre, «^ SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH O •ee.

yScwu pvm QrP. Z.C.M.L, East Temple St., Salt Lake City.

INCORPORATED, I'liexit'lird "Dry Goods, Newem V/meiies.

-'.ruid r<i Prices.

Sd pie and Fancy Groceries, Always Fjesh and Wholesome.

A IOMP1.ITI A5IO*TMKirr (JT BOOTS a*i<4 SHOES.

Kvtrjthinz for Fethmtar in tkt Best Sty Its.

Town 1 Country Trade Carefully Attendee"te.

arm rLru^rijTjTj-LnrLn.jTj-1 HOME ruin CASH ASSETS, dxruuu.nnnn.

o R OTJTJ A Successful HOME IN SURANCE $ COMPANY UTAH tS ckruiru^ruTJuxruxnnj-u uxrf» Guarantess Fair Treatment and Absolute Security against FIRE.

'2 Cents 'a day protects your house for $1000.

HeberJ.Grant&Co., dScntral &<jcntj&, 40 Main St., Salt Lake City.