June 188?

"V^Vs^MlhW, IflPRQVEMEJilT flSSQCIflTIQfJs

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNK 1887.

Enuraving:

Notable Buildings of Carthage Frmtisjiece.

The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo.

VII B.

H.

Roberts The Eastern Question.

V J. M. Tanner Biblical Cosmogony.

IV. The Material of Creation.—II..

Thos. W. Brookbank Chinese Classics.

I Moses Thatcher Heber C. Kimball Orson /'.

Whitney.

Editorial:

Editorial Notes 3T4 "The Wayside Inn."St leeted The Island of Malta John Worthington...

31, Memorial Day Hannah T. King NOTICE We have in the CONTRIBUTOR Office a number of subscribers'volumes lei; "to be bou kept until called for."Owners will oblige by calling for or sending instructions for the imme delivery of these volumes Subscribers for Volume 7, who paid $2. 25 in advance, and are entitled to have their v bound free, who have not already done so. are requested to send their numbers to the office at once, and thev will be bound without delay.

Missing numbers will be supplied at 15 cents each.

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

7 he most Delightful Bathing in the World.

The new Resort Open for the Season June 28, 1887.

Accommodarons for 2500 Bathers.

Refreshments.

Music.

Order.

ROUND TRIP,.

ONLY FIFTY CENTS.

S, F. FENTON, Gen. F. & T. Agt.

W W. RITER, Genl. Manager.

JoHN m. browning.

MATT.

S. BROWNING.

<*i W OLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC, Guns, Rifles, Pistols, J Bogles, Baseball Goods, Fishing Tackle—->-S—# oSEID FOtt CATALOGl'K.0—«$—§<- Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co., Ml 1!

Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

irab e/vbivx'tieihtg- that bxjix_.ids:^s ueed SOUTH TEMPLE ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

JOHN READING, PIONEER 1st of Utah.

TREES, SHRUBS, PLANTS AND SEEDS, Of Every Description, Acclimated, and Warranted to be Reliable.

Send for Catalogue.

Orders by Mail Carefully Attended to.

S>. O. Bos 358.

s-A-XiT:iua.:k:e crnr.

HENRY DINWOODEY.

=9£ FUHNITUSE.

Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, -§*f BABY CARRIAGES, §*- sleids, brackzts, h^liiesiro^s, EVERYTHING IN HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

First South St..

Salt Lake City.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0808eng

NOTABLE BUILDINGS OF CARTHAGE.

THE CONTRIBUTOR

Vol.

VIII.

3&e (filers of (Soft is IntjelKjjttue.

JUNE, 1887.

No.

8.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

It was rumored in Nauvoo, about the middle of the month of May, 1842, that ex-Governor Boggs, of Missouri, had been assassinated by an unknown hand, at his residence in Independence, Jackson

County, Missouri.

The ex-governor, however, did not die from the wounds he received, but recovered in the course of several days.

The assault made upon him by his enemy, whoever he might be, occurred on the sixth of May, in the year above named.

He was seated in a room by himself, when some person discharged a pistol loaded with buckshot, through the adjoining window.

Three of the shot took effect in his head—one of which, it was said, penetrated his brain.

His son, hearing the shot, burst into the room and found him in a helpless condition. The pistol from which the shot was fired, was found under the window, and there, too, were the footprints of the would-be assassin.

No sooner was the news of the affair heard than speculation was rife as to'the parties who had perpetrated the deed;

and in consequence of the infamous part taken by Boggs in driving >the Saints from the State of Missouri, during the period that he was governor of that State, it was not long before "Joe Smith and the Moftnons"were accused of the deed.

The Quincy Whig, in its issue of

May 21st, said:

"There are several rumors in circulation in regard to the horrid affair; one of which throws the crime upon the Mormons, from the fact, we suppose, that Mr. Boggs was governor at the time, and in no small degree instrumental in driving them from the State.

Smith, too, the Mormon prophet, as we understand, prophesied a year or so ago, his death by violent means.

Hence, there is plenty of foundation for rumor."To this statement the Prophet Joseph wrote a reply and sent it to the Editor of the Whig, Mr.

Bartlett;

this is what he said:

"Dear Sir.—In your paper of the 21st inst., [May] you have done me manifes.t injustice, in ascribing to me a prediction of the demise of

Lilburn W. Boggs, Esq., ex-governor of Missouri, by violent hands.

Boggs was a candidate for the State senate, and, I presume, fell by the hand of a political opponent, with his hands and face yet dripping with the blood of murder; but he died* not through my instrumentality.

My hands are clean and my heart pure, from the blood of all men."As soon as Boggs recovered sufficiently, he went before Samuel Weston, a justice of the peace at Independence, and one of the characters, that some of our readers of "The Missouri Persecutions,"will remember as taking part in driving the Saints from their homes in Jackson County;—before him, Boggs made affidavit that he had reason to believe, from evidence and inforrnation then in his possession, that "Joseph Smith, the Mormon Prophet, was accessory before the fact of the intended murder."And therefore applied to Thomas Reynolds,

Governor of Missouri, to make a demand on the Governor of Illinois, to deliver It was then supposed that Boggs was dead.

It was not until several days later that the news of his recovery reached Nauvoo or Quincy.

B. H. R.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

Joseph Smith up to some person authorized to receive him on behalf of the State of Missouri, to be dealt with according to law.

Governor Reynolds promptly granted the request and made the demand on the

Governor of Illinois for the surrender of

Joseph to one E. R. Ford, who was appointed the agent of Missouri to receive him.

In making the demand, Governor

Reynolds said:

Whereas it appears that one Joseph Smith, is a fugitive from justice, charged with being accessory before the fact, to an assault with intent to kill, made by one O. P.

Rockwell, on Lilburn W. Boggs, in this State, [Missouri]; and is represented to the executive department of this State, as having fled to the State of Illinois; Now, therefore, I, do by these presents demand the surrender and delivering of the said Joseph Smith, etc., etc.

We have given this extract verbatim, because in the first place, the affidavit of Boggs, upon the strength of which Governor Reynolds made his demand for the surrender of Joseph Smith, does not claim that he was a fugitive from justice, or that he had fled from the State of Missouri to Illinois; but on the contrary, the affidavit says that he was a "citizen or resident of Illinois,"hence the statement of fact in the affidavit was not sufficient to justify the demand for Joseph Smith to be surrendered to Missouri. A person resident in a State may not be delivered up to the authorities of another State for alleged offenses, unless it is represented that he has fled from the State making the demand for his surrender, to escape from justice.

This charge was not made by Boggs in his affidavit, which was Governor Reynolds'only authority for making the demand.

But in what Boggs failed, Governor Reynolds made up; and upon his own responsibility, charged in his demand on Illinois that, Joseph Smith was "a fugitive from justice,"and had "fled to Illinois."A statement that was at once untrue, and wholly gratuitous on the part of the executive of Missouri, and proves him to be a willing persecutor of the innocent.

Secondly, it was this assumption on the part of Reynolds that did much towards making the demand on Illinois void.

But more of this anon.

Governor Carlin, of Illinois, respected the demand of Missouri, and issued a warrant for the arrest of O.

P. Rockwell as principal and Joseph Smith as accessory before the fact, in an assault with intent to kill, upon ex-Governor Boggs.

The papers were placed in the hands of the deputy sheriff of Adams County, who, with two assistants, at once repaired to Nauvoo, and on the eighth of August, 1842, arrested the above named parties.

There was no evasion of the officers, but the municipal court of Nauvoo, at once, on the application of the parties arrested, issued a writ of habeas corpus, requiring the officers having the prisoners in charge, to bring them before that tribunal, in order that the legality of the warrant under which they were arrested, might be tested.

This the sheriff refused to do, as he claimed that the municipal court had no jurisdiction in the case, but he left tl?e prisoners in the care of the city marshal, without, however, leaving the original writ upon which alone they could be held; and the deputy sheriff and his assistants returned to Quincy;

the prisoners being turned loose to go about their business.

During the absence of the deputy sheriff, Joseph had prepared a writ of habeas corpus from the master of Chancery, as it was yet a question whether the municipal court of Nauvoo had the authority to issue such writs in cases arising under the laws of the State or the United States. The officers returned from Quincy on the tenth,"but in the interim it had been decided by Joseph and his friends, that the best thing for him and Rockwell to do, was to keep out of the way for a season; so the officers were unable to find them on their return.

Joseph crossed the rive* and stayed at his uncle John's house for a few days, in the settlement called Zarahemla; but on the night of the eleventh of August, he met by appointment, his brother Hyrum,

Rockwell, his wife Emma, and several other friends at the south point of the island, that we have already described as

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAVVOO.

being midway between Montrose and Nauvoo.

It had been rumored that the governor of Iowa had also issued a warrant for the arrest of Joseph and Rockwell, whereupon it was decided that it would be better for them to remain on the Illinois side of the river.

Subsequent events, however, proved that this rumor was a false one.

Joseph was rowed up the river by a brother Dunham to a point near the home of a brother Derby.

Rockwell had been set ashore and had proceeded to the same point on foot, where he built a fire on the bank of the river, that Dunham might know where to land.

At Derby's, the Prophet remained in hiding for some time, and Rockwell went east, remaining for several months in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.

From his place of concealment, Joseph directed the movements of the people at Nauvoo, and managed his own business through faithful agents, who met with him occasionally.

Emma spent considerable of her time with him, and beguiled the loneliness of those weary hours of inactivity, that he whose very life is the synonym for intense activity, had to endure.

During those days of exile, one gets a glimpse of the Prophet's private life and character, that in part explains the mystery of his power and influence over his friends and his people:—it was his unbounded love for them.

Speaking of the meeting with his friends in the night at the island, in the account he gives of it in the Book of tfte Law of the

Lord, he says:

"How glorious were my feelings when

I met that faithful and friendly band on the night of the eleventh [of August], on the island, at the mouth of the slough between Zarahemla and Nauvoo.

With what unspeakable delight, and what transports of joy swelled my bosom, when I took by the hand, on that night, my beloved Emma—she that was my wife, even the wife of my youth, and choice of my heart.

Many were the vibrations of my mind when I contemplated for a moment the many scenes we had been called to pass through, the fatigues and the toils, the sorrows and sufferings, and the joys and the consolations, from time to time, which had strewed our paths and crowned our board.

Oh, what a commingling of thoughts filled my mind for the moment!—And again she is here, even in the seventh trouble—undaunted, firm, and unwavering—unchangeable, affectionate Emma!"

Of his brother Hyrum on the same occasion he says:

"There was brother Hyrum, who next took me by the hand—a natural brother.

Thought I to myself, brother Hyrum, what a faithful heart you have got!

Oh, may the Eternal Jehovah crown eternal blessings upon your head, as a reward for the care you have had for my soul

Oh, how many are the sorrows we have shared together! and again we find ourselves shackled by the unrelenting hand of oppression.

Hyrum, thy name shall be written in the Book of the Law of the Lord, for those who come after to look upon, that they may pattern after thy works."So he goes on to call the faithful by their names and record their deeds of love manifested towards himself, and pronounces his blessings upon them; and if, as one of old said, "We know that we have passed from death unto life because we love the brethren"—surely Joseph Smith possessed that witness—he loved his brethren better than his life!

Some of the brethren proposed that Joseph should go up to the pine woods of Wisconsin, where a number of.the brethren were engaged in getting out timber for the Temple and Nauvoo House, until the excitement should subside in Illinois.

Of this proposition, Joseph said in a letter to Emma:

"My mind will eternally revolt at every suggestion of that kind.

My safety is with you if you want to have it so.

If I go to the pine country, you shall go along with me, and the children; and if you and the children go not with me, I don't go.

I do not wish to exile myself for the sake of my own life.

I would rather fight it out.

It is for your sakes therefore that I would do such a thing."This plan, however, was abandoned.

It appears that Joseph had resolved to submit no longer to the injustice he had suffered from the hands of the people of Missouri.

It was rumored that the officers on leaving Nauvoo, breathed out threats of returning with sufficient force to search every house in the city and vicinity; and Ford, the agent of Missouri,

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

threatened to bring a mob against the Mormons, if necessary, to arrest the Prophet.

Hearing these rumors, Joseph exchanged several letters with Wilson Law, who had been recently elected major-general of the Legion, vice John C.

Bennett cashiered;

in which he admonished him to have all things in readiness to protect the people in their rights, and not for one moment to submit to the outrages that were threatened.

"You will see therefore,"said he, in a letter written on the fourteenth of August, to Law, "that the peace of the city ofNauvoo is kept, let]lwho will, endeavor to disturb it.

You will also see that whenever any mob force, or violence is used, on any citizen thereof, or that belongeth thereunto, you will see that that force or violence is immediately dispersed, and brought to punishment, or meet it, and contest at the point of the sword, with firm, undaunted and unyielding valor;

and let them know that the spirit of old

Seventy-six, and of George Washington yet lives, and is contained in the bosoms and blood of the children of the fathers thereof.

If there are any threats in the city, let legal steps be taken against them; and let no man, woman or child be intimidated, nor suffer it to be done.

Nevertheless, as I said in the first place, we will take every measure that lays in our power, and make every sacrifice that

God or man could require at our hands, to preserve the peace and safety of the people without collision."To these sentiments there was a willing response of acquiescence on the part of the major-general, and he pledged himself to faithfully carry out Joseph's orders, provided the emergency for doing so should arise.

After a little, however, the excitement began to subside; and as

Joseph's hiding place at Derby's was discovered, by a young man who suddenly came upon Joseph and his kind host, while they were walking out in the woods for a little exercise, the Prophet moved quietly into the city, staying first at the house of one friend a day or two, and then removing to that of another.

In the meantime the situation was plainly placed before Governor

Carlin;

and the course that Joseph had taken fully vindicated by letters written to him by Emma his wife, who displayed no mean ability in the correspondence she opened up with the governor, which so nearly concerned the peace of her family.

She directed the attention ofthe governor to the fact that Joseph had not been in the State of Missouri for some three or four years—that if her husband had been accessory before the fact, to the assault upon ex-Governor Boggs, the crime, if committed at all—which she stoutly avered was not the case—was done in Illinois, and there was no law to drag a man from a State where the crime was committed, into a State where it had not been committed, for trial;

and as her husband had not been in the State of Missouri for several years previous to the assault on Boggs, he could not have fled from the justice of that State, and therefore ought not to be given up under the fugitive-from-justice law.

Letters from other prominent citizens of

Nauvoo, were also sent to the governor;

and the Female Relief Society called his attention to the threats of mob violence and invasion from Missouri, and asked that sufficient military protection might be given to insure the peace and safety of the citizens of Nauvoo.

All these things the governor treated lightly, and claimed that the only excitement that existed was with the Mormon people at Nauvoo, and no where else; and there was no need, he insisted, of taking the precautions hinted at by the people.

Though when talking oft another subject he unwittingly remarked that persons were offering their services every day either in person or by letter, and held themselves in readiness to go against the

Mormons whenever he should call upon them; but he never had the least idea of calling on the militia, neither had he thought it necessary.

He maintained that the proper thing for Joseph to do was to give himself up to the authorities of Missouri for trial, and he had no doubt that he would be acquitted. Judge

Ralston asked him how he thought Mr.

Smith would go through the midst of his

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

enemies without being subject to violence; and how after his acquittal, he would be able to return to Illinois.

To that proposition the governor could give no satisfactory answer, but made light of the whole matter.

And in spite of all the protests sent in by the people of Nauvoo, he made a proclamation that as Joseph Smith and O. P. Rockwell had resisted the laws, by refusing to go with the officers who had them in custody, and had made their escape, he offered a reward of two hundred dollars for each or either of those "fugitives from justice."Governor Reynolds also offered a reward for their arrest, three hundred dollars for each one or either of them.

Joseph continued to remain in the city and moved about cautiously, attending to his business.

A tide of popular prejudice had set in of such proportions that it seemed that it would overwhelm the Saints.

It had been created largely through the'misrepresentations of John C.

Bennett, and Joseph at once determined to counteract it if possible.

He ordered that a special conference be called to meet on the 29th of August, to appoint Elders to go through the state of Illinois and the east to flood the country with the truth in relation to Bennett's character.

The conference was called, and in the interim documents and affidavits, were prepared that the Elders might be armed with proofs, in relation to the facts respecting Bennett and his misrepresentations.

The conference convened on the day appointed and Hyrum Smith addressed them on the mission that many of them were expected to go upon.

At the conclusion of his remarks Joseph stepped into the stand, to the great joy of his people, many of whom thought he had gone to Washington and others to Europe.

His appearance created great cheerfulness and animation among the people, Joseph naturally impulsive, was overjoyed to again stand before the Saints.

He addressed them in more than his usual spirited manner and called upon the Elders to go through the states taking documents with them, "to show to the world the corrupt and oppressive conduct of Boggs, Carlin and others, that the public might have the truth laid before them."In response to this call- to sustain the Prophet's character, three hundred and eighty Elders volunteered their services, and announced their willingness to go immediately.

For several days after the conference the Prophet continued about home, but it being revealed to him that.his enemies were again on the move to take him, he found it necessary to drop out of sight.

It was during this time of hiding that he wrote those instructions respecting baptism for the dead, contained in the 127th and 128th sections of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants.

But notwithstanding his enemies were on the watch for him, he now and then visited his home; and on the occasion of paying one of these visits to his family he nearly fell into the hands of the officers.

The Prophet was at dinner with his family at the "Mansion,"when

Deputy Sheriff Pitman, ofAdams County, and an assistant suddenly presented themselves at the door.

Fortunately John ^Boynton, who was present, saw them first and went to the door to meet them.

They asked him if Joseph Smith was present to which he gave an evasive answer, saying that he had^seen Joseph that morning, but did not say he had seen him since.

During this 'conversation the Prophet stepped out of the back door, ran through the corn in his garden and so to the house of Bishop N.

K.

Whitney.

Emma now engaged the sheriff in conversation.

He said he wanted to search the house.

She asked if he had a search warrant to which he answered in the negative;

but insisted on searching the house nevertheless, and as she knew that Joseph had escaped, she did not refuse.

Of course the search was fruitless.

It was reported that a party of fifteen left Quincy with the sheriff the day before, and that they rode all night expecting to reach Nauvoo before daylight, surround the Prophet's "Mansion,"and capture him.

But in the night they

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

got scattered and did not meet again, nor did Sheriff Pitman reach Nauvoo until about noon, when he made the effort above detailed.

About the first of October, Elder Rigdon and Elias Higbee were in Carthage and from a conversation with

Judge Douglas, they learned that Governor

Carlin had purposely issued an illegal writ for the arrest of the Prophet, thinking that he would go to Carthage to be acquitted on habeas corpus proceedings before Judge Douglas;

when an officer of the State would be present with a legal writ and serve it upon him immediately, and thus drag him to Missouri.

The plot, however, was discovered in time to thwart it, and Joseph, in company with Elder John Taylor, Wilson Law and John D.

Parker, left Nauvoo for the home of Elder Taylor's father, about a day and a half's ride from

Nauvoo, and there the Prophet remained for about a week.

Meantime, through Major Warren, Master of Chancery, Joseph's case was presented to Justice Butterfield, of Chicago, and United States Attorney for the district of Illinois.

He wrote out an elaborate review of the case in which he claimed that Joseph could be released on a writ of habeas corpus;

that he would have the right to prove that he was not in Missouri at the time the alleged crime was committed—that of necessity, if he was guilty of the crime with which he was charged, he must have committed it in Illinois, and therefore was not a fugitive from justice—and the governor of Illinois had no right to surrender him to„the authorities of Missouri as such.

Mr. Butterfield contended that the warrant for the action of the governor of a State, in delivering up a person to the authorities of another State, was found in that clause of the Constitution which says:

"A person charged in any State with treason, felony or other crime, who shall flee from justice and be found in another State, shall, on demand of the executive authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up to be removed to the State having jurisdiction of the crimes."(Constitution, Art 4, Sec. 2.) Mr.

Butterfield insisted that it was unnecessary to inquire into the laws that had been enacted by Congress on the subject, since:

"Congress has just so much power and no more than is expressly given by the said clause in the Constitution."'What persons, then,"he inquires, "can be surrendered up by the governor of one State to the governor of another?""First:

He must be a person charged with treason, felony or crime.

It is sufficient if he be charged with the commission of crime, either by indictment found or by affidavit.

Second:

He must be a person who shall flee from justice, and be found in another State.

"It is not sufficient to satisfy this branch of the Constitution, that he should be "charged"with having fled from justice.

Unless he has actually fled from the State, where the offense was committed into another State, the governor of this State has no jurisdiction over his person, and cannot deliver him up."Mr.

Butterfield reviewed the subject of habeas corpus writs and their operations both in England and the United States and quoted a number of cases from the courts of New York; and the action of the executives of several States to support the principles he contended for, and concluded his communication in these words:

"I would advise that Mr. Smith procure respectable and sufficient affidavits to prove beyond all question that he was in this State [Illinois] and not in Missouri at the time the crime with which he was charged was committed, and upon these affidavits, apply to the governor to countermand the warrant he has issued for his arrest.

If he should refuse so to do, I am already of the opinion that, upon that state of facts, the Supreme Court will discharge him upon habeas corpus."Joseph acted upon this advice, and sent agents with all the necessary papers to Springfield and applied to Governor

Ford—Carlin's term of office in the meantime having expired, Thomas Ford succeeding him—to revoke the writ and proclamation of ex-Governor Carlin's for the arrest of Joseph Smith.

The Supreme Court being in session, Governor Ford submitted the petition, and all the papers pertaining thereto for their

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

opinion, and they were unanimous in their belief that the Missouri writ was illegal, but were divided as to whether it would be proper for the present executive to interfere with the official acts of his predecessor, and therefore he refused to interfere, but said:

"I can only advise that you submit to the laws and have a judicial investigation of your rights.

If it should become necessary, for this purpose, to repair to Springfield, I do not believe that there will be any disposition to use illegal violence towards you;

and I would feel it my duty in your case, as in the case of any other person, to protect you with any necessary amount of force, from mob violence whilst asserting your rights before the courts, going to and returning."This reply was endorsed by Mr. Butterfield and James Adams, in whom Joseph had great confidence; and in conformity with the advice, Joseph was arrested by Wilson Law, on Carlin's proclamation.

Application was made at Carthage for a writ of Habeas Corpus to go before th^ court at Springfield.

No writ could be obtained at the court in Carthage, as the clerk had been elected to the State senate; but an order for such writ was issued on the master of chancery, and with that document Joseph, in the company of his brother Hyrum, John Taylor and others, and in charge of Wilson Law, started for

Springfield, where they arrived in the afternoon of the thirtieth of December, 1842.

Judge Pope had continued his court two or three days in order to give Joseph's case a hearing, and in the first interview the judge had with him, agreed to try the case on its merits, and not dismiss it on any technicality.

The deputy sheriff of Adams County was present, but refused at first to say whether he had the original writ or not; but finally King, his associate, admitted he had it.

Fearing that it was the object of these men to hold the original writ until after proceedings had concluded on the arrest made by virtue of Governor Carlin's proclamation, and thus create more trouble, a petition was made to Governor Ford to issue a new writ, that the case might come up on its merits, which was granted, and Joseph was arrested by Mr.

Maxey, and a writ of habeas corpus was issued by the court; but as several days must elapse before a hearing could be granted, Joseph was placed under $4,000 bonds, Wilson Law and General James Adams being his bondsmen.

At last the day of trial came on and the attorney-general of the State made the following objection to the jurisdiction of the court:

1.

"The arrest and detention of Smith, was not under or by color of authority of the United

States, or of any officer of the United States, but under and by color of authority of the State of Illinois, by the officer of the State of Illinois.

2.

When a fugitive from justice is arrested by authority of the governor of any State, upon the requisition of the governor of another State, the courts of justice, neither State nor Federal, have any authority or jurisdiction to inquire into facts behind the writ."These points were ably argued pro. and con. by Mr. Butterfield for the defense, and the attorney-general for the State.

After giving a patient hearing the court gave its opinion;

saying in relation to the first objection, that, "The warrant on its face purports to be issued in pursuance of the Constitution and laws of the United States, as well as of the State of Illinois;"and therefore the court had jurisdiction.

"The matter in hand,"said Judge Pope, "presents a case arising under the second section of article IV of the Constitution of the United States, and an act of Congress of February 12th, 1793, to carry it into effect. The Constitution says:

"The judicial power shall extend to all cases in law or equity arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made and which shall be made under their authority."

Therefore, on that line of reasoning, the judge concluded the court had jurisdiction.

As to the second objection—the right of the court to inquire into facts behind the writ—the judge held it unnecessary to decide that point, as Smith was entitled to his discharge, for defect in the affidavit on which the demand for his surrender to Missouri was made. To

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

justify the demand for his arrest the affidavit should have shown "First, that Smith committed a crime;

second, that he committed it in Missouri.

And it must also appear 'that Smith had fled from Missouri.'"None of these things the affidavit of Boggs did, and the judge held that it was defective for those reasons and added:

"The court can alone regard the facts set forth in the affidavit of Boggs as having any legal existence.

The mis-recitals and over statements in the requisition and warrant are not supported by oath and cannot be received as evidence to deprive a citizen of his liberty, and transport him to a foreign State for trial.

For these reasons, Smith must be discharged."

And Joseph had scored another victory over his old enemies of Missouri.

During the trial, excitement at times ran high and threatened to break out into acts of violence. When the Prophet first made his way through the throng about the Court House, some one in the crowd recognized him, and exclaimed:

"There goes Smith now!""Yei"said another, "and a fine looking man he is, too.""And as damned a rascal as ever lived!"put in a third.

Hyrum Smith overhearing the last remark said:

"And a good many ditto!""Yes,"said the person addressed—

"ditto, ditto, G—dd—n you; and every one that takes his part is as d d a rascal as he is.""I am that man;"shouted out Wilson Law, "and I'll take his part!"Whereupon both parties prepared for fight;

but Mr.

Prentice, the marshal interfered and quelled the disturbance;

and the excitement soon quieted down.

During the* progress of the trial the Prophet had good opportunity of associating with some of the leading men of the State, among them the judges of the

Supreme Court, and Governor Ford, who ventured to caution the Prophet to have nothing to do with electioneering in political contests.

"A thing,"the prophet said in reply "he had never done."Governor Ford also told him that he had a requisition from the governor of Missouri for the arrest of himself and others on the old charge of treason, arson, etc.

but he happened to know that the charges were dead.

The State legislature was also in session and consequently there was a general gathering of the principal men of Illinois and the prophet extended largely his circle of acquaintances among them.

The time occupied by the trial kept Joseph and his party over one Sunday in Springfield and the use of the Hall of

Representatives was tendered the

Prophet in which to hold religious services.

The use of the hall was accepted and Orson Hyde preached in the forenoon, and Elder John Taylor in the afternoon;

the services being largely attended by members of the legislature.

It required several days to make the journey from Springfield to Nauvoo, and the Prophet's party suffered no little from the extreme coldness of the weather.

The news of Joseph's triumph had preceded him, and as his party approached the city, of which he was the chief founder, the people turned out almost en masse to bid him welcome to his home; and though there was little or none of the pomp and circumstance and splendor that attends the welcome of a king by his subjects, yet never did king receive more hearty or sincere welcome from his people than did the youthful Prophet from the citizens of Nauvoo.

The day following his return home the

Prophet issued invitations to the Twelve

Apostles and their wives and other leading citizens to attend a feast at his house in honor of his release from his enemies.

The Twelve, at the same time issued a proclamation inviting the Saints in Nauvoo to unite with them in dedicating Tuesday, the seventeenth of January 1843, as "a day of humiliation, fasting, praise, prayer and thanksgiving before the Great Eloheim,"because of the deliverance He had wrought out for His

Prophet.

The Bishops were instructed to provide suitable places in their respective wards for the people to meet in, and one or more of the brethren who had been with the Prophet at Springfield, would be present to relate what had happened.

Although here to relate briefly the cir-

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

cumstances that befell the man who was accused as the chief actor in the assault upon ex-Governor Boggs—O. P. Rockwell, takes us beyond many events of which we desire to speak, we think it proper to record how, after spending several months in the eastern States, he returned to St.

Louis where he was recognized by Elias Parker, who made affidavit that he was the O.

P. Rockwell advertised for in the papers, and on the fourth of March, 1843, was arrested by Mr. Fox, and taken to Independence for trial.

Rockwell wrote from his prison in Independence to Bishop N.

K. Whitney, for bail, which was fixed at five thousand dollars; but as the court in Missouri would only take some responsible.person resident in Missouri;

bail could not be secured for him.

We have not the space to give a detailed account of all his adventures and sufferings during his weary imprisonment of nearly eight months.

He suffered much cruelty in prison life, and when his case came before the grand jury there wasn't sufficient evidence to justify an indictment against him.

But in the meantime he had made an effort to escape, and was held on a charge of jail breaking, for which, when he came to be tried, he was sentenced to five minutes imprisonment, though they kept him for several hours while an effort was made to trump up new charges against him.

One incident occurred during his imprisonment that we cannot pass without notice.

Sheriff Reynolds made an effort to induce him to go to Nauvoo, and as the Prophet had great confidence in him, he was to drive him out in a carriage from the city, where the Missourians could capture him; and then as to himself, he could either remain in Illinois, return to Missouri or go where he pleased.

"You only deliver Joe Smith into our hands,"said Reynolds, "and name your pile.""I will see you all damned first, and then I won't,"replied Rockwell.

After meeting with many adventures he arrived in Nauvoo on an evening when there was a party in progress at the Prophet's house.

In the midst of the festivities Joseph observed a rough looking man with long hair falling down over his shoulders, staggering among his guests as if intoxicated, and the suspicion arose at once that he was a Missourian.

Joseph quietly spoke to the captain of police who was present, and told him to put the stranger out. A struggle ensued, and during its progress the Prophet had a full view of the man's face, and at once recognized his devoted friend O.

P.

Rockwell.

It is needless to say he was given a hearty welcome or that the story of his adventures among the Missourians contributed no little to the enjoyment of the evening, though some portions of his narrative were so burdened with accounts of his sufferings and cruelties practiced towards him, that they were calculated to produce sorrow rather than joy, but these feelings were banished by the fact that he was now delivered out of them all, and honorably discharged in fulfillment of the prophecy uttered by Joseph shortly after he heard of Rockwell's arrest in St Louis, nearly a year before.

The party which had been so rudely, yet so pleasantly interrupted, proceeded, no one enjoying it more than the "long haired stranger."A few days, only, after the departure from Springfield of the Prophet and his partyjohn C. Bennett arrived there. The measures he then set on foot, and which produced, ultimately, what very nearly became serious results, may be judged from the following letter addressed to Sidney Rigdon and Orson Pratt, under date of January 10th, 1843:

"Dear Friends.—It is a longtime since I have written to you, and I should now much desire to see you; but I leave to-night for Missouri, to meet the messenger charged with the arrest of Joseph Smith, Hyrum Smith, Lyman Wight and others, for murder, burglary, treason, etc., etc., and who will be demanded in a few days on new indictments found by a grand jury of a called court on the original evidence, and in relation to which a nolle prosequi was entered by the district attorney.

"New proceedings have been gotten up on the old charges, and no Habeas Corpus can then save them.

We shall try Smith on the Boggs case, when we get him into Missouri.

The war goes bravely on; and although Smith thinks he

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

is now safe, the enemy is near, even at the door.

He has awoke the wrong passenger.

The governor will relinquish Joe up at once on the new requisition.

There is but one opinion on the case, and that is, nothing can save Joe on the new requisition and demand, predicated on the old charges on the institution of new writs.

"He must go to Missouri; but he shall not be harmed if he is not guilty; but he is a murderer, and must suffer the penalty of the law.

Enough on this subject.

"I hope that both of your amiable families are well, and you will please to give them all my best respects.

I hope to see you soon.

When the officer arrives I shall be near at hand.

I shall see you all again.

Please write me at Independence immediately."This letter was handed by Orson Pratt to Joseph, and was read by him to Sidney

Rigdon and the company which gathered at the Nauvoo Mansion to celebrate the

Prophet's release by a feast, to the discomfiture of Sidney Rigdon, who of course was averse to having it known that he held any correspondence with Bennett.

The action of Orson Pratt in this matter paved trie way for his return to his position in the Church, for he had been suspended from his quorum in the Priesthood, having been led to oppose the counsels and falsely accuse the Prophet, in consequence of the misrepresentations and malicious schemes of John C. Bennett.

But after the above incident, he was received back into the quorum of the Apostles in full confidence and fellowship.

We must now leave the consideration of this impending difficulty—this approach of another storm, to consider for the moment the growth of Nauvoo.

For notwithstanding all the excitement produced by the events we have related, Nauvoo had been growing; and at the period we break the thread of our narrative to notice it—the winter of 1843—her inhabitants are variously computed from twelve to sixteen thousand.

Her public buildings, chiefly the Temple and the Nauvoo House, were progressing rapidly.

More pretentious buildings were being erected, and new additions to the original town plat were made, and the city, early in December, 1842, was divided ecclesiastically into ten wards, and Bishops were appointed by the High Council to preside over each.

The City Council was active in passing ordinances to meet the growing necessities of a rapidly increasing population, looking especially to the cleanliness, health and morality of the city.

In February, 1843, Joseph was elected a second time to be mayor, and all things considered, Nauvoo was rapidly approaching the high water mark of her prosperity.

B. H. Roberts.

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

v.

Constantinople is no place to entertain prejudices of any sort.

What people wear, and how they wear it; what they drink, and how much of it; how they pray and where; what they eat and how they prepare it are matters of most trifling concern to the masses.

So varigated is the life of the people that they are usually indifferent to all that is going on around them.

There is probably no more curious sight about all the city than that which one gets on the bridge which spans the Golden Horn between

Galata and Stamboul.

All day long it is crowded with a living moving mass of humanity of the most varied and curious kind.

Taking a position about the middle of the bridge, a panorama view of the life and scenery of the city may be taken at a glance.

One may study the physiognomy, the habits, costumes and curiosities of a multitude of nations.

Nearly all Orientals wear thefez or red cap, sometimes with the turban but more frequently a simple woolen red cap without front piece, and ornamented with a tassel on the top.

Europeans as well as most leading Turks, Amenians and Greeks dress d lafrank—an expression used to designate the style of Europeans generally—but the old style cos-

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

tume is still worn by the lower classes.

The pants are Greek in origin and indeed a curiosity.

They are indescribable, but they may be imitated by taking a bran sack of about two hundred pounds dimensions and arrange a draw-string in the top, and about fifteen inches from the bottom; on opposite sides cut round holes large enough to admit the legs.

The baggy part hangs between the legs, and below the knees.

Not less interesting are the Turkish women with their Yashmak—ve\\—feredjeh.

According to Moslem law, women are not allowed on the street, or in the presence of gentlemen, other than husband, father or brother, except when wearing their Yashmak, which is designed to conceal their features and prevent them from exposing their beauty.

All Turkish women respect at least the letter of the law; but like their European sisters are cunning in device, and are equally vain of their beauty.

The prettier class and some not so pretty, wear veils of such thin muslin that they disclose their beauty;

and there are some of the most handsome women in the world among them.

The feredjeh is - a body covering that conceals the form.

A bed-sheet sewed together with an opening near the top for the face, a draw-string near the middle, and open below, best describes this part of the costume. From the excessive use of the bath, and from the posture while sitting, the Turkish lady is generally pigeon toed and bowlegged.

In matter of dress she has not much modesty below the knee, and is passionately fond of highly colored and striped stockings.

Paint she uses with delight and jewelry in profusion.

Her eyebrows she keeps coal black, and her finger nails are often yellow.

She is of medium stature, and when she walks over the bridge with a teetering gait, and is wrapped in her baggy feredjeh she is an object of interest to the stranger.

In general she is very reserved and ladylike in public.

She has decided opinions of what her rights are and guards them tenaciously.

Of all women in the world I should think she was least a slave.

She never associates with men, except near relatives, and no strange man is allowed in the harem, the department over which she exercises supreme authority.

One never sees husband and wife on the streets together.

The ladies go alone, sometimes a score in a crowd.

They will sit down often on the shores of the Marmora, the Golden Horn, or the Bosphorus, forty or fifty in a row; and are real adepts in the wonderful gift of conversation.

She loves to wander about graveyards and while away the time, for time seems to drag on her hands.

To ask a Turk how his wife is, would be a gross insult.

That she is prone to flirt with Europeans, as many fastidious men love to fancy, my observations entirely discredit, and from all I have been able to learn, she is just as contented with her position as European ladies are with their own.

It is often said she is herself one of the greatest opponents to the innovations many are trying to make upon the seclusion of women from the society of men.

There are many conflicting statements in respect to the virtue of harem life.

In the circle of the demi-monde she is unknown. A sea captain once complained to the writer that he could not find a Turkish woman in all

Constantinople, and expressed as his opinion that the Turks ought to be "strung up"for the barbarous restraints they put upon women.

No doubt her seclusion from certain society denies her intellectual advantages.

How much it tends to keep her sex free from many irregularities and sinful practices I shall not attempt to say.

On the boats, the Bosphorus steamers, and tramway carriages, she has an apartment separate from that occupied by the gentlemen.

It is claimed her tongue is an instrument of real torture, and I have noticed that great deference is shown it by the Turks and for that matter by all others.

Moslem notions of women, make her in many respects rather a privileged character.

I have often observed, with diversion, individuals under the lash of her tongue, and I confess I would not for the world break my peace with her.

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

An amusing circumstance happened at the reception of the Duke of Edinburgh, on his visit to Constantinople last summer, that is somewhat characteristic.

At Dolma Bagtsche, a royal palace on the shore of the Bosphorus, state dignitaries, officers of high rank, « and a number of distinguished citizens had assembled to welcome the Duke on his landing.

The uniforms, displaying civil and military rank, made a somewhat brilliant appearance within the inclosure excluding the public.

Somehow, and contrary to the Moslem practice among women, in the midst of all this pomp, two rather ancient looking Turkish women had found themselves.

They seemed to be at home, and were comfortably seated on one of the steps smoking their old-fashioned pipes.

They were not so particular about hiding their visages, and theirferedje/i was anything but tastefully arranged.

Their shoes were of the primitive sort, and the stockings had slipped down so as to expose pretty much all that belonged to their ankles.

Different ones in the crowd on the outside of the enclosure had spied them, and were enjoying an amusing smile over the contrast.

The police, there can be no doubt, had made the discovery, but they knew probably better than anyone what it would cost to better the situation.

It was not long, however, before the master of ceremonies made the observation, and whispered to the police that they should be removed.

The policeman entered as gently as he could upon the task, and took one of the women respectfully by the arm and tried to explain to her that she had made a slight mistake by getting on the wrong side of the enclosure, when the storm broke out.

How dare he intrude upon the sacred domain of woman's rights by putting a hand on her!

She would show him, and was quite willing and ready to set the matter in order with the master of ceremonies;

but he made himself scarce at the time.

As the slipper so often comes to the aid of the tongue, the policeman blushed and retired before it became necessary to witness the second act in the drama.

The Turks in the crowd outside did not enjoy the affair at all, but the Europeans rather thought it was fun.

The women, though, maintained their rights, and enjoyed the ceremonies with the nobles of the land.

There were no Turkish women in the crowd, but up the street a short distance, and on a long wall, were seated crosslegged, in their customary manner, three or four hundred.

They had come together to see the Duke as he drove by.

Turkish women are leading me away from my subject.

But that's nothing, strangers often "stub"their toes, step on a dog, or run against a donkey because they are led away by their curiosity to look at Turkish women.

Let us go back and get on the bridge;

it may be just in time to see some pacha's carriage filled with women of the harem, accompanied by lengthy negro eunuchs, with squeaky feminine voices.

The latter, of late years, are becoming less frequent. The hernials, Armenians, styled by the Turks the camels of Constantinople, with enormous loads of often three and four hundred pounds on their backs, are making their way through the crowd.

Donkeys, with two huge baskets swung across their backs, peddlers, Russian pilgrims, priests of every variety, sailors, Kavases, speculators, gypsies, Greek women, (among many of whom one may trace those classic features that inspired the sculptors and painters of ancient Greece,) frequently ladies wearing a youthful mustache, Albanians armed to the teeth, army officers, in a swaggering gait, with vests unbuttoned,

Roumelian women, with long black hair hanging in braids down the back, and with skirts sewn up at the bottom so that they are neither petticoats nor pants in style, and Europeans of every class'are rushing in both directions pell mell over the bridge all day long.

"Rather baggy looking people,"I remarked to a Constantinople guide as we stood on the bridge one day.

"What is that, sir,"he asked with a look of surprise.

There was too much Anglo-Saxon about the word "baggy"for his comprehension.

"Very baggy-looking people,"I replied in a somewhat animated tone, for these

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

guides never get down to business, unless they think their man is angry.

"Yes sir, yes sir, very bad, very bad people,"he promptly responded, when he suspected

I questioned his knowledge of English.

Cripples, exposing their deformities, ply their vocation of begging at almost every step.

Turkish liberality makes begging often a lucrative profession, and men who sometimes own houses and are in a position to live from rent, dress in rags and expose their persons in order to work upon the sympathies of the public.

The small caiques darting on the waters beneath the bridge; in the harbor the steamers floating to the breeze the flags of nearly all nations; and the two cities on either side, retreating as they climb the hills leading into the distance unite in making the scene so grand and impressive in the midst of all that is curious, odd, strange, revolting and contradictory that one feels lost in wonder, admiration and strangeness.

The streets are equally queer.

They are often lined with Oriental cafe houses in which the barber-chair usually occupies one corner, and while the hair is flying in a lively business the lovers of such rendezvous sit smoking their nargyle or supping their Turkish coffee.

Drinking coffee or lunching in a barber shop is repulsive to most people of prejudicial whims.

There is in Constantinople a fashionable—a European street.

It is called the "Grande rue de Pera."In some places it is twenty, in others a hundred feet wide.

It winds up hill and down, turns a corner every here and there and is as crooked generally as Greek ways of making a bargain.

In some places there is a sidewalk from three to ten feet in width and open to the public, except where some intinerary cobbler may have his apparatus spread out and a shoe over his knee, pounding away unconscious that anybody could be troubled on his account.

All people have to do in such a case is to step one side into the street and go on.

The cobblers though are not so frequent as the dogs that often roll up three and four in a pile on the sidewalk.

If not too many in a huddle one may step over them—they don't bite.

Ladies with pinbacks generally walk around.

Many notionary people think they are only in the way on the sidewalk; but the dog, like everything else in Constantinople, looks out for number one.

He would prefer to be stepped on in the sidewalk than to be run over in the street.

They are, too, well adapted to flea breeding, which helps to make up the sum total of life, in the Orient.

That brings me to the subject of fleas, though it need not make any difference where they are introduced, as they belong to every department of life in the Turkish capital.

I know fleas are considered trifles; but where life is so much made up of trifles they are worth at least a passing notice.

One of the peculiarities of the people is their love of fleas.

I have often hinted that I thought they were a little ferocious, and have been met with the reply.

"Oh, you've noticed there are fleas in Constantinople, have you?"The lady of the house to whom I had thrown out a hint about their nocturnal incursions to my bed, gave me a smiling, good-natured. assurance, that they used to bother her too at first. The multiplicity of lumber houses and street dogs (I say street dogs, because the dogs of Constantinople have no owners) favor flea-breeding on an extensive scale.

They swarm on the streets, fill the cracks and crevices of the houses, and especially thrive in the Turkish divan, a kind of Oriental lounge. To the new-comer they always show prompt attention, and treat him as a delicious morsel.

The older inhabitants rather delight in the flea chase and consider fleas favorable to the conditions of climate and habits of life.

It is argued they keep up an irritation of the skin, and thereby prevent the accumu'altion of morbid humors. They never bite one in dangerous places, never get into the eyes or ears, never open an artery, and no one was ever known to die from a flea bite; hence fleas are the friends of man.

In some countries fleahunting is carried on in secret; but that is not the case in Turkey, where they are trapped, twiddled between the fin-

29 + THE EASTERN QUESTION.

gers, and finally cracked—maybe with a pipe stem—in all places, under all circumstances, and in every class of society.

Picking fleas off a person in conversation or scratching on the street is permissible.

A lady may stop on the street and stand on one foot while she scratches her ankle with the other.

The uninitiated suffer most.

Imagine one roused four and five times in the night from his slumbers and forced into a contest, or to surrender his bed after crawling out of his clothes backwards.

Multiply three-quarters of an hour flea-chase by four and you have consumed a considerable part of the night in activity; but you are always sure you will never have the nightmare.

Think of a person breaking off a conversation at the house of some friend and.making his way home with the rapidity of a business-call, just to turn his clothes wrong side out and give them a shaking.

People abroad can't appreciate the situation, and the natives treat the flea question as a sort of a joke;

but I have always regarded it somewhat in the spirit of the man, whose whisky the boys had stolen. He said a joke was a joke; but a pint of whisky was more than a joke.

Some cynic may ask what have fleas to do with the "Eastern Question."

A good deal, they form a considerable part of Turkey's population.

They are on good terms with all the natives.

They are the only ones that have no wrongs to be redressed by the government and no grievances to murmur over.

They are so hardy and numerically strong that they bid fair to survive all other races of the country.

They are united and consistent and friendly—rare attributes of Orientals.

I have often been diverted by asking at different times Greeks, Armenians and Jews into whose hands they would prefer to have Constantinople fall, in case it should pass from under Turkish rule.

The Greeks would honestly prefer the city as it is, than to have it in anybody else's hand but their own.

It was their's they say, their forefathers founded it, and possessed it for centuries;

and when one reflects upon the glory of ancient Greece, it is impossible not to sympathize with the misfortunes of that remarkable people. They are smart and cunning even now; they possess considerable wit and are wonderfully talented.

The strength, however, which unity gives, and the stability and integrity of character, by which intelligence becomes a rational as well as an individual force fail them.

In the restoration and preservation of the late kingdom of Greece

European powers have co-operated, and foreign influence guards its external policy and measurably shapes its internal government.

It may be that the Greeks of Constantinople represent in some respects their nation to a disadvantage.

They are wonderful people to talk of what they are going to do, and what they would do if the great powers would allow them.

Their line of conduct and their character make the Turkish government very suspicious of them.

Reports are often circulated about what they contemplate doing at some great feast in the Turkish capital.

They make themselves objects of distrust on every side, and the government is often forced to unusual and unnecessary precautions to avoid coming in sanguinary conflict with them.

Not that the Turks consider the

Greeks themselves capable of subverting the government, but to give oppressive Christian powers no pretext for interfering.

The Greeks often affect a deep lamentation that the great powers hold them back from the conquest of the land of their forefathers and especially of

Constantinople.

Of course every one knows if left to themselves, in a struggle at arms, the Greeks are not strong enough to hold their own against the Turks, so that what they really have as a reproach to the great powers is that the latter are not now disposed to take away from Turkey and give to Greece.

The Armenians are more in their character a submissive and a policy people.

During centuries of oppression and adversity they have lost their independent spirit, and adapted themselves to the circumstances of the country.

They have more than any others been favored by the Turks in the state depart-

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

ment, though in consequence of their instability they are not very highly respected by the Mohammedans themselves.

The Turkish language they show great aptness in speaking—indeed they have great talent for all languages.

It is not unfrequent that they speak five and six languages.

As for wishing to see the government in the hands of the

Greeks, if that were to occur they would consider they had been handed over to the buffetings of Satan.

They have more reason possibly than any others to prefer the continuation of the Turkish regime.

It is difficult to imagine what the poor Jews would have done without the religious tolerance of Islam.

From the time of Mohammed there has been a great disposition to favor the Jews.

They have naturally suffered more or less under Arabic and Turkish rule; but there has been no real persecutions of the Jews, such as those they have suffered at the hands of Christians.

Their arbitrariness has totally disqualified them from intermingling in the governmental affairs of different nations, and their religious peculiarities have made their social distinctions very marked.

The hate between them and the Greeks is the bitterest of all, and is of centuries standing.

I once asked an intelligent Jew how he would regard the restoration of Greek rule in Turkey.

"A thousand times sooner the Turks,"he replied.

There is not one of the great powers of Europe that to-day would not prefer Moslem rule to all others but its own, and there is not a subject race that would not prefer the Turks to all except itself.

All Christians would hail the day when a Christian flag was to be mounted on the great mosque of St. Sophia, i.

e., provided the flag was an orthodox one.

J. M.. Tanner.

So live, so act, that every hour

May die as dies the natural flower,

That every word and every deed

May bear within itself the seed

Of future good in future need.

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

THE MATERIAL OF CREATION.—II.

The best theory of creation which infidelity has ever proposed assumes that systems, and suns, and planets, and moons all found their respective positions, by the operations of law, which may not inappropriately be termed experimental.

They were sent flying through space until at last each found a niche which it might fill.

But the design, skill and wisdom everywhere manifest in the creation of the Gods assure us that the universe was constructed upon plans well matured, and when the whole machinery was first put in operation it doubtless moved off with as little friction as it now does.

If there were not a perfect adjustment of orbital distances, and of worlds which should be adapted to each of them respectively, how could a universe be set in motion without necessitating a never ending adjustment of these things.

As the washing of debris from the mountains and valleys to the sea is an ever potent factor in shifting the center of gravity of the earth, so would the sudden interposition of a new planet between us and the sun, or between the earth and Jupiter, for example, cause powerful disturbing influences to operate in changing our place in the system to which we belong;

and systems could be influenced by systems in the same manner.

The objection which is here raised to every unplanned system of creation in the beginning may appear fanciful to some; but let them remember that the discovery of the planet Neptune is due to a recognition by our greatest astronomers of the very facts upon which the objection is founded.

When Le Verrier undertook to discover the position in the heavens which the supposed planet should occupy, the problem he had to

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

solve was this:V'Given the disturbances produced by the attraction of the unknown planet, to find its orbit, and its place in the orbit."This was a "disturbance"which Neptune effected regularly after having been settled in his position for, perhaps, millions of years.

What "disturbance"he would have caused, if suddenly projected there from the sun, science does not inform us, but without question it would have been very great. As order is heaven's first law and always has been, it is now proposed to inquire whether Scripture affirms that a work of measurement and apportionment, similar to the one herein hypothetically maintained, was accomplished or not.

Unless we suppose a violation of the fisrt principle of Divine law it certainly was, and the following passages from the Bible are adduced in proof: "Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span!"

Isaiah xl, 12.

"Where wast thou when I laid the foundation of the earth.

Who hath laid the measure thereof, or who hath stretched the line upon it."Job xxxviii, 4-5.

And referring to wisdom, Solomon says: "When he (God) prepared the heavens, I was there; when he set a compass upon the face of the depth."Proverbs viii, 27.

No argument can be needed to show that the measuring of the waters; the meting out of the heavens with the span;

the stretching of the line; and the setting of the compass upon the face of the depth, are all acts which refer to the very labor of which mention has already been made, and it is also manifest that these acts transpired in the beginning of creation, for they are spoken of in connection with the preparation of the heavens and the laying of the foundations of the earth.

In a systematic plan of creation the measuring of orbital distances, and the apportionment of definite masses of material out of which the various worlds were to be organized, thus adapting each one to its destined place in the heavens, is a work which necessarily antedates the very first act of veritable world organization.

It is as great a question where to put a world, as it is to project its creation. These considerations in conjunction with the coincidences of Scriptural terminology justify the conclusion that the "depth"and "waters,"which were "measured"and upon which the "compass was set,"are the same depth and waters spoken of in the second verse of Genesis.

We observe that the "expanse"or "firmament"was instituted at the very time when we might logically infer that the work of measurement, etc., would be undertaken, that is, as soon as there was light to see how to do it properly.

This makes the creation ofthe "expanse"rationally, as it is Scripturally, the very first act in the progress of actual world formation, and we will now show how the "expanse"would grow right out of this apportionment of material.

Let us imagine a chaos of elements included within the limits of our solar system.

We conceive portions of matter existing in every part of this space. The Creator has determined that the sun of our system must be of certain proportions.

His decree is sent forth, and in obedience to the command thousands of millions of tons of material begin to move towards the definite place assigned them.

The balance of the chaotic mass is restrained from passing the limits it had occupied, and thus the broad lines of division naturally grew out of the first process in the work of concentrating the elements for the foundation of worlds.

The space thus left vacant of chaotic material, we conceive to be the "expanse"of Scripture, for it was instituted in the midst of the ''waters, 'and, because the decree of God was firm that the unallotted material should not pass the line of division to mingle again with what he had apportioned off, the expanse became a "firmament;"firm as the word of God.

Thus also as the watery elements of which the earth was formed were in their turn divided from the chaotic mass, another "expanse"and "firmament"was established in the midst of the waters, and so with every

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

world that was created.

But though we speak of "another"expanse being established for each world respectively.

Yet when the whole work was accomplished one "firmament"only was the result.

Now when we consider the countless number of suns and planets which exist in the universe, we can easily understand how the measuring and weighing of each one, or, in other words, how the creation of a firmament was a work which well might occupy the attention of the Gods for one day.

It was in reality the first effort to reduce chaos to order, and the stability and harmony of the whole creation of the Gods depended upon the skill and judgment with which this portion of their work was accomplished.

The work of creation having thus been traced up to the close of the second day, we fail to find record of a single act which relates directly to the formation of dry land, or of any thing solid.

Light had been created, and an "expanse"had been instituted in the midst of the waters, by which the definite quantity of material which was to form the respective worlds was apportioned off, and most probably each separate mass occupied nearly the same position in the system that the same mass now does when more perfectly organized.

It follows logically that a process of concentration of elements would be inaugurated by the creation of an expanse in the midst of the materials at hand for world building.

Now it must be a question of intense interest to all Christians to ascertain whether or not Moses, in his history for the third day of creation, re - sumes his narrative just where he closed it on the second.

Does he continue to speak of the "waters"only, and above all does he reveal the process by which the concentration of the chaotic elements was perfected?

Of necessity this operation must be completed in some manner before Biblical history can offer us a modern and scientific basis of world organization.

We approach the consideration of this latter question with no little timidity;

not because of doubt respecting the Mosaic teachings, but we realize that our pen is too feeble to do justice to the inspired writings.

Could we do it, the inspiration of the Genesis of the Bible would be apparent from the scientific principles which it enunciates, for at the early age of the world's history when

Moses wrote, whatever of true science that man knew must have been the subject of direct revelation.

In relating the history of the third day's operations the sacred penman writes: And God said, Let the "waters"under the heaven be gathered together unto one place and let the dry "land"appear; and it was so. And God called the dry "land""earth,"and the gathering together of the waters he called "seas."

From the Scripture we learn that the Gods on the third day of creation began their labors again upon the "waters."On the second day they had divided the original mass of chaotic and watery elements into many distinct bodies, big dew-drops they might be called, and they then proceeded to institute centers of gravity for each of them;

and get them started on their diurnal revolutions.

Centers of gravity being established, the process of concentrating the elements would be completed.

But what did Moses know of centers of gravity?

He knew more about them than an uninspired science was able to understand for thousands of years after his day.

In the Scripture last quoted he says: And God said, Let the waters under the heaven, (expanse or firmament, see verse eight,) be gathered together unto one place."Instead of "one place"the marginal reading in the Septuagint is "meeting,"and if we we must be liberal we unite the Greek text, awayuyqv fiiav that is "one synagogue."Now a synagogue is an appointed place for gathering, and so is a center of gravity, and how could Moses more fitly express, so as to be understood at all, by all people, in all ages, the idea of the law of gravitation than he does by saying that matter collected to an appointed place—-to a "synagogue."

It is immaterial what cavilers may say respecting the interpretation thus put

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

upon the peculiar term "synagogue,"for the gist of the question is not one of nomenclature; but does Moses reveal a process by which the elements which formed the worlds, were concentrated?

If he does this, his history is scientific and accords perfectly with the best science of the times.

He does provide for this concentration in two ways, viz: by forcing matter to occupy less space when the expanse was created, and by stating that it afterward collected to one place, which expression itself implies the institution of a center of gravity, and consequently there can be little doubt that Moses spoke of this under the name of a "synagogue."

Thus he becomes entirely too scientific for infidelity to assail successfully.

He begins the work of creation upon a mass of fluid substance, and while it is in that condition, sets the laws of gravitation in operation, and before these elements were formed into "dry land,"starts the whole on its diurnal revolution, through the operations of a wellknown law of physics, i.

e., liquids seeking a common center, have a tendency to revolve.

As this principle is identical with the one which Laplace has adopted to account for the inception of the diurnal motion of the earth, our infidel friends must experience something akin to disgust to know that the theory was an old one, ages before the time of Christ, and that their scientific Apollos is liable to a charge of having borrowed much of his thunder from Moses. Science teaches that the earth was originally formed from gaseous or liquid elements.

So does Moses.

Science teaches that the axial revolutions of the earth were brought about by a concentration of elements, seeking a common center of gravity.

Moses says the watery elements of creation were concentrated and gathered to one place, and the diurnal revolutions of the earth was a consequence of this operation.

If the infidel theory be true, so is the Mosaic.

Science attests that the earth began to revolve before the great bodies of land were formed.

Moses says the waters gathered together to one place, thus inducing an axial revolution, and after that, he says, the land appeared, or was created.

These coincidences are certainly very remarkable, and it is significant that they affect the fundamental principles of

Laplace's theory;

and embrace those whose truth is most amply demonstrated.

What seems on a cursory view to be an irreconcilable difference between the sacred and secular theory of creation, lies in the fact that Moses speaks of nothing but "waters"as forming the elements of earthly creations; while Laplace's theory starts out with a "fire mist."Far away in the regions of space the telescope reveals clouds of "fire mist;"for language can, perhaps, no more accurately describe them.

They are unlike anything else observable in the -heavens.

Now, the great mind of Laplace, endowed with almost supernatural power, conceived those bright misty, clouds were fire elements, forming themselves into suns and worlds.

With the Bible in our hand, we come to the aid of the supposed inspirationannihilator, and offer him Mosaic teachings to prove his theory true in the main.

Or, reversing the case, if science has demonstrated that those unorganized, cloud-like patches of light, are really "fire mist,"earthly elements resplendent in light; Mosaic inspiration is scientifically demonstrated, and every Christian heart can sing a Te Deuni with inexpressible joy.

For what more can be offered us to prove the Divinity of the

Mosaic Genesis, than positive, ocular demonstration of its truth?

Then for argument, we have fact; for faith, knowledge;

and for our powerful ally, that prince among modern scientists, the immortal Laplace.

The Gods began the work of creation with a "fire mist,"for so Moses declares.

Picture to yourselves the chaotic waste of elements of which he speaks in the second verse of Genesis.

The unorganized mass of gaseous material, which existed while as yet the earth was "unseen and unbuilt."

Now see the Gods on the first day of creation let loose the latent light which was stored in that

BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

mass, perhaps all that was in it, and immediately chaos bursts into a glorious blaze of unapproachable light;

brilliant beyond the power, of pen to describe.

And as the Almighty apportions off vast quantities of the glowing mass, by the expanse, and hangs them in space, they look like clouds of fire, unorganized masses of "fire mist, "and our astronomers now see some of them.

There, in those clouds of fire the work of creation is now in progress.

They have all passed the first stage which is the liberation of their latent light.

They have come to the second, for the "expanse"or "firmament"surrounds them.

They are detached and established in their place.

Some of these clouds of "fire mist,"have a nucleus, so astronomers inform us; these have come to the third day or stage of their existence, and the decree of the Almighty has gone forth to them: "Let the waters be gathered unto one place,"and they are obeying.

Next, the land will appear, sentient beings will be introduced - upon the new world, and then men there, as here, will love and hate, adore and mock:

What a comment on the Genesis of Moses, is hung up in the heavens for us to look at!

How does that far off chaotic mass of fiery elements proclaim the inspiration of the Bible?

It is like the voice of God to the nations.

We will attempt no comment on the surprising coincidences which exist between the scientific principles of the 'Bible respecting creation, and the demonstrated facts of modern philosophy.

Who but a Paul, an Isaiah or a David can do the subject justice.

From the foundation principle of Laplaces'theory of creation right up to the first formation of land in the earth, we have failed, according to the present theory of interpreting the Genesis of Moses, to discover the trace of any antagonism worthy of mention, and to infidel science we owe the most powerful and perfect testimony that the Bible is inspired.

How wonderful are the ways of God, and what work can prosper against him!

With the first cursory glance at the Mosaic teachings, an objection may be suggested to some minds that the "waters"of which he speaks are not adapted to the formation of clouds of "fire mist."But we* ask if "waters"are not adapted to form fire mist, how it comes about that the "fire mist"of Laplace is adapted to form water? For all of the latter that exists was created out of the former, according to his own theory.

But water is peculiarly a "mist"forming element, and its existence as clouds is too common to mention; and if all the elements which enter into the composition of our whole system of worlds were again scattered abroad as a chaos, and confined within limits identical with those occupied, when the "expanse"was created, they would doubtless appear no more tangible than a huge cloud of mist.

Then, too, it is pertinent to inquire if "water"contains latent light in great quantities or not.

This familiar element is composed of two gases, hydrogen and oxygen.

The first is inflammable, the other is the great fire supporter.

If small quantities of water be thrown on a hot fire it will be decomposed and add fury to the flames.

To set a river on fire may be an exaggerated or unusual form of expression; but it is not an impossibility, and of course it must retain in a latent state all the light which it would afford were it actually set on fire.

But not to prolong the argument, the chaos of Moses contained all the light in existence, unless we suppose the original supply has been exhausted, and that the light we now enjoy is perpetually created out of nothing, which supposition is inadmissible.

It will be objected that the Bible Genesis represents the waters as gathering to one place, or to one common center of gravity for the whole mass, which conflicts with the present system interpreting the inspired record, which requires as many centers of gravity in the beginning as there were worlds.

But the Septuagint supplies a clause which is omitted from the Common Version, thus:

And the water which was under the heaven collected together to "their meetings"or "synagogues, "now as the words for "their meetings"are in

3°o BIBLICAL COSMOGONY.

the plural form, the inference is that the water under the heaven was divided into many bodies, and that each particular mass of elements had its own center of gravity.

In this connection it is worthy of notice that avruv in the Greek text is written in the predicate position, not in the attributive.

Were it in the latter, the translation would be, "the waters collected to the same meetings,"and this rendering, if the term for "meetings"were in the singular, would imply but one center of gravity for all the waters collected.

As the text stands in the Septuagint, it teaches a plurality of places for the gatherings of the waters, and the position of avruv suggests that the collecting of each mass of elements was by itself, alone and apart from the others.

Let us now turn our attention to the tenth verse which is characterized by important distinguishments.

The Septuagint translation is supplied:

And God called the dry land earth and the gatherings (avtrnj/mTa—systems) of the waters he called seas.

Now upon the hypothesis that the elements of the earth passed through no change, (chemical it may be called,) at the time when the dry land appeared, that is, if the world previous to that time was an earth of land and water as it now is, how can we account for the first and inopportune introduction of the word "seas"just at this juncture.

If the waters previously spoken of by

Moses, and the seas mentioned in the tenth verse are perfectly identical, (excepting change of location and boundaries,) why was not the term "seas"applied to the "waters"on the first and second day of creation?

Careful students of the Bible must have noticed the practice of the Almighty to name His creations, if He did so at all, as soon as they were perfected.

Thus when light was produced it was forthwith called "day,"and when the "expanse"was instituted it was immediately called heaven.

In the tenth verse God imposes two new names upon His creations, viz.:

earth and seas.

It has been made manifest from the Bible itself, that no dry land was in existence until the third day of creation.

As soon as it was formed God called it "earth."If the chaotic elements, not then transformed into land, were not on the third day, also, compounded into natural water, to use a convenient term; why did the Almighty allow ages, perhaps, to elapse after its creation before He called it "seas?"What reason can be suggested why the

Creator should deviate from His custom?

Does not the introduction 1 of the new name "seas,"show us plainly that a difference existed between them and the "waters"spoken of previously?

In what does this difference probably consist, if not in the transformation of the watery elements of creation into actual water?

There is a significance in the Greek for "gathering,"or "systems,"which bears out this idea very forcibly.

The particular form used in the text is derived from a word which means to join—unite, compose, create, frame, etc.

In view of these definitions, the popular opinion respecting the work of the third day, so far as it relates to the operations performed upon the waters, is palpably erroneous.

It is almost universally believed that on this day the land heaved itself, in various places, above the unbroken waste of waters, or universal sea; thus driving it back to boundaries which, for argument sake, may be illustrated by the limits it now occupies.

But who can not see that such a process was one of separation, not of union, of disjunction, not of conjunction, all which is opposed to the sense of avarr/fiaTa which requires a landing or confederating together.

If we conceive that on the third day, God compounded different elements so as to "create"water, we are supplied, at once, with a rational and consistent interpretation for the term "systems,"which, upon the commonly accepted theory, should be substituted by some word which means to separate or divide.

From these considerations we conclude that both land and water were created on the third day.

Thus far in this investigation many preculiarities have been noticed in the narrative of

CHINESE CLASSICS.

creation as recorded by Moses, but. in the effort to outline the system of cosmogony taught therein no strained interpretation has been attempted.

We have sought for the most natural and obvious sense of the record, considered as a whole, and the conclusions reached are summarized as follows.

1.

The elements out of which the worlds were formed existed originally in the form of a fluid.

2.

The latent light confined in the chaotic mass was liberated, and a universal "fire mist"immediately succeeded.

3.

The "firmament"was instituted, the first process of concentration was thus inaugurated, and the heavens blazed with distinct and innumerable clouds of "fire mist."4.

The process of concentration was perfected.

The fire mist collected to the newly formed centers of gravity and this operation set the mass rotating on its axis.

5.

The axial revolutions of the earth while in a liquid state resulted in a compression at the poles.

6.

Portions of the earth mass were formed into water and others hardened into land, after which the several other processes of creation were perfected.

These, and in the order named, are the scientific principles of world formation provided for in the Genesis of Moses and those who are familiar with the current teachings of the most highly approved science cannot fail to be impressed with the remarkable coincidences, which exist between modern philosophical cosmogony, and that of the Bible.

TJios. W. Brookbank.

Kindness—a language which the dumb can speak, and the deaf can understand.

CHINESE CLASSICS.

In trying to comprehend the motives that have actuated, and that continue to actuate those entrusted with power to govern communities, peoples, kingdoms, republics and empires, the writer during the past few years, has been compelled, by a combination of striking and in some instances, peculiar circumstances, to note various methods by which rulers have sought to enforce certain basic principles of government tending to national perpetuation;

and which, when neglected for extended periods, have almost without exception, resulted in disaster and ultimate ruin.

To those who have studied the causes that produced the rise and fall of the Assyrian, MedoPersian, Grecian and Roman empires;

careful inquiries into the causes that have perpetuated the Chinese empire with its four hundred millions of inhabitants—while others have risen, flourished, conquered, and perished all around it, will not be unprofitable. For ages since she began her national existence, other nations regarded more powerful, and whose statesmen were esteemed more wise, have risen, become great, and passed away.

In the midst of constantly increasing evidence of marvelous advancements everywhere among so-called Christian nations, it is not difficult to realize'how extremely loth we]all are to admit the existence of anything worthy of approving thought, much less of admiration, among the Chinese.

But we are, nevertheless, bound to acknowledge that causes alone produce effects.

So, too, principles live while men die and nations perish.

The strong may continue to oppress the weak, and the wicked dominate the good;

but the fittest must eventually survive.

In this connection the reader cannot fail to be struck by the profound philosophy, pure morality, and comprehensiveness exhibited in the writings of Confucius and Mencius the Chinese sages, from whose wise sayings I shall largely draw in the preparation of these articles.

The efforts of the writer will be in vain if their perusal should fail to awaken a train of thought, leading the

3°2 CHINESE CLASSICS.

reader to prudent comparisons, as between existing governmental systems.

As to whether or not national perpetuation depends on the enforcement of eternal principles of righteousness, without respect of classes, I must leave each to determine for himself, believing, however, that every government enforcing its laws unequally, must eventually cease to do so, or perish.

Confucius the great teacher of moral, religious and political ethics, was born at

Shang-ping, near the town of Tseuse in the petty kingdom of Lu, June 19th, B.

C, 551; and died seventy years later.

His family having continued through sixtyeight generations at the place of his birth, is still distinguished by numerous state privilege's and honors, affording the only instance of hereditary aristocracy, known in the history of China.

Throughout the empire there is to this day in every city, not under the "third "order,"a temple to his honor.

His name was Kung.

But his followers called him Kung-fu-tze (the Master, or Teacher).

The Jesuit missionaries subsequently Latinized it into Confucius.

It is claimed that his disciples invented for him an illustrious pedigree, tracing his genealogy to Hwang-ti, a mythological monarch, said to have flourished four thousand years ago.

His father having died when he was only three years old, Confucius was carefully brought up by his mother, Ching-tsai, and from his earliest years displayed remarkable veneration for the ancient laws of his country.

Holding the attainment of perfect virtue to be the true aim of life, he became a teacher of morality, exhibiting, in his daily example, a horror of duplicity wherever encountered.

When only seventeen years of age he was made inspector of the national corn marts, into which his energy and industry promptly introduced order, and their management showed him to be possessed, even at that age, of remarkable moral courage, for he fearlessly exposed and repressed fraud when and wherever found, in the department over which he presided.

Being an inherent lover of the masses, he subsequently, when inspector of pastures and flocks, greatly improved the condition of the people.

The death of his mother occurred when he was in his twenty- third year, and that event interrupted for a season his temporal administrative functions, and gave his mind the first impulse that led to his becoming a moral and political reformer on a more extended scale.

The three years by the ancient rules enjoined as a period of mourning for deceased parents, and which had fallen into disuse as a custom, was by him revived when his mother died.

And the entire time was spent in solitude and dedicated to philosophic study.

Being imbued with a natural repugnance to deceit in every form, his hTe became a standing rebuke to hypocrites whom he regarded as a generation of vipers.

Practicing what he preached and not preaching what he did not 'practice, moral principles were exemplified in his daily conduct.

Holding a crime committed by a beggar to be no greater than the same crime when committed by a prince, he regarded the virtues of the one no higher than like virtues of the other. Thus was his philosophy founded in equity, and his practice in justice.

Consistency, uniformity and equality before the law, and an unbiased enforcement of its provisions, alike with high and low, were alone regarded by Confucius, as materials sufficently strong and enduring to afford a foundation upon which to build the structure of abiding national confidence.

Thus the saying, "When the people lose confidence in their rulers the State perishes!"

As the practical and just character of his teachings became more apparent, his disciples for a time increased.

Many of them occupied important public situations, and were sober, sedate, grave and thoughtful men.

Aiming at the exaltation of virtue, he sought to prepare men for the future, by making them worthy of the present life.

Holding obedience to paternal authority to be the foundation of national greatness and heavenly goodness, he inculcated acts of respect to the living, and of homage towards the dead. By modern Christian writers Con-

CHINESE CLASSICS.

3°3 fucius has been accused of teaching irreligious doctrines, and yet his belief in the immortality of man is clearly defined, and in his saying, "What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others,"is found a striking analogy to the Golden Rule of Jesus.

The sincerity of the thought, the rectification of the heart, the investigation of things, the cultivation of the person, the regulation of the family, the completion of knowledge, and the government of the state, were held by him to be seven important steps.

Thus, if the thoughts be sincere, treachery and deceit have no lodgment in them, and honesty and purity of purpose cast out fear.

Such thoughts being noble and generous, impress the heart, and rectify it.

Insincere thoughts, becoming fixed in the mind, are made the forerunners of deceitful acts that pervert the heart, and prove injurious to society and government.

The heart once rectified by a proper train of thought, there remains little else to do.

The cultivation of the person, the regulation of the family, the investigation of things, and the completion of knowledge pertaining to the government of the state, and the tranquilization of the nation naturally follow, when that which is wrong in the prince or ruler, is rectified.

Hence the saying, "Once rectify the prince and the kingdom will be settled."In man we recognize at once the goodness of his nature, when his heart is rectified, and his thoughts are sincere and pure.

On the other hand, we recognize in him, whose heart is unrectified, and whose thoughts are insincere, the fruits of hypocrisy poisoned by treacherous deceit that blights all near him.

The heart being rectified, the mind holding only sincere thoughts, there follows a perfect harmony with heavenly principles, and though great achievements may be reached by the employment of artful plans, they cannot fail, sooner or later, to exhibit the selfishness of human desires, divorced from righteousness, and are as far removed from true statesmanship, as earth from heaven.

It would have been remarkable, indeed, if such a philosopher, teaching such doctrine, had failed to meet the cunning intrigues and envious malice of those less devoted and pure than he.

Like all great reformers he drank the bitter dregs of disappointment, saw vice displace virtue, and wandered over the country for several years, both he and his teachings being unheeded;

until at last, returning to his native place, he was appointed governor of the people who, for a time, were awed into the appearance of morality, by his inflexible virtue.

For a brief period a delighted monarch conferred upon him the highest dignities.

But soon the envious, who hated the increasing purity of Lu, brought from a neighboring state, beautiful and seductive Syrens, who undermined and overturned the moral edifice; and Confucius, in despair, went abroad -seeking less vacillating disciples.

But state after state refusing to be improved, and being persecuted, nearly starved and frequently imprisoned, and having at last lost all hope of securing favorable attention from the masses of his countrymen while alive, he finally returned, in extreme poverty and humiliation, to his native state, «and there spent his remaining days in literary works for the benefit of posterity; and gems of thought, crystallized and polished by his disappointments and sufferings, have glorified his name, while succeeding generations have woven golden threads around his memory.

On the basic principles of true government Confucius'doctrines are worthy of consideration even in our day.

If reduced to practical workings such principles could not fail to produce, in every age, beneficial results.

"He who exercises government by means of his virtues, may be compared to the north polar star which keeps its place, and all stars turn toward it."

Who can fail to recognize in this sentence so modestly and yet so beautifully expressed, the prominence given to virtuous acts?

How clean cut and clear, profound and far-reaching is the thought which thus spontaneously pays the highest tribute to virtue, as the true foundation of government?

Virtue—the star towards which all others turn, as in their

3°4 CHINESE CLASSICS.

eternal round they flash or pale, while the central one.'remains in its place never changing, never dimming.

How, indeed, like virtue! Clouds may for a time, veil that star, even as insincerity may obscure virtues;

but beyond and above clouds and deceit, too high for their reach, the fixed star, like unchanging virtue, shines on, while countless ages roll.

Insincerity, begotten in unrectified hearts, may for a time with false pretenses and specious promises, chain together a train of circumstances which, when combined, cast shadows upon honest endeavor and to the discredit of truth, even as wandering meteors eclipse the stars; but to a people having the determination to utter the one and practice the other, deceit and cunning, with their attendant train of wickedness, must hide their heads.

Confucius being questioned respecting government, said:

"Go before the people with your example, and be laborious in their affairs."Being further urged by the Prince, he added:

"Be not weary in these things."How unmistakably does the above show that success in governmental affairs depends upon example, not precept.

Insincere promises, strung together with fine sounding words, are not the means of successful control, but the carrying into practical effect ofjust principles, exemplified in daily example, are.

What other really truthful mode can be found for expressing honest endeavor in favor of those governed?

Doubtless, the prince to whom was given the above advice, thought lightly of it, because of its - simplicity.

Something high-sounding, and of doubtful meaning—more diplomatic and less difficult to do, would evidently have suited better.

Hence, the philosophic admonition, "be not weary in these things."Confucius had said, "to see what is right and not do it, is want of courage."To know what was right, and not speak of it on proper occasions, was something the Chinese teacher never did.

In his utterances, prince and people were alike to him;

for he devoutly tried to convey the truth to all, without distinction of class or creed.

So when the Duke Gae desired to know what should be done in order to have the people submissive, he received this reply:

"Advance the upright and set aside the crooked, and the people will submit.

Advance the crooked and set aside the upright, then the people will not submit."What statesman of to-day has explored the store from which came this gem?

Has the civilization and enlightenment of our age gone beyond the wisdom therein shown?

Have they cast such a glare of light, that we no longer need Confucius'lamp of experience to guide our feet?

He warned his countrymen, twenty-four hundred years ago, of the results following the rule of the unrighteous.

Have subsequent experiences modified them, and if so, in what respect?

Can any government under the dominion of the "crooked"be otherwise than corrupt? And being corrupt, how can it fail to be oppressive?

What upright prince or ruler entrusts the conduct of his government to the treacherous and deceitful?

He who does so, cannot well afford stronger evidence of his own depravity.

Just as an upright ruler attracts men of his kind, so also do "crooked"men draw their class around them.

If, therefore, the ruler be "crooked,"so also will be the heads of departments and their subordinates.

Should an upright man, by any chance, fall among them, he must lose one of two things—his place, or his identity as an honest man.

With the machinery of government all tainted by duplicity, corrupt wire-pulling, schemers and sycophantic hypocrites, giving and taking bribes, have seldom failed to oppress the good, while turning lose, unwhipped of justice, the vile.

Under such conditions the upright stand afar off, the voice of wisdom is heard not in the halls of legislation, the honest are voiceless in the councils of the nation, and the sneering, deceitful hypocrite plants his heel on the neck of justice, and invites revolution or death.

If repentance comes not, then revolution must, for no people can submit and advance under such an unnatural condition of affairs.

The thoughtful need only notice the

HEBER

C. KIMBALL.

methods of the unscrupulous, even in small communities, to understand the profound philosophy of the Chinese sage on this subject.

All ambitious men need not necessarily be "crooked,"but all "crooked"men are necessarily ambitious.

Proper ambition in an upright man is laudable, but no "crooked"man was ever laudably ambitious; for in the mind of such, justice and equity, truth and sincerity have no weight.

Holding duplicity and fraud as means to an end they unhesitatingly tear others down that they may climb up.

Planting distrust in the heart of sincerity, they sneer at truth, mock honesty, undermine integrity and destroy virtue, while wearing the livery of heaven to serve the devil in.

Having a little brief authority such exercise unrighteous dominion;

speak words of sophistry, play fast and loose, and apply law one way to-day, another to-morrow.

Binding one to-day with condemnation for acts that popularize and praise another to-morrow.

With soft, sympathetic tones, robbing justice to help one, while treacherously sacrificing innocence to hurt another.

Of such Confucius aptly expressed contempt when he said:

"The empire has long been without the principles of truth and right.

Heaven, therefore, is going to use your master (the unjust ruler) as a bell with its wooden tongue."That is, make him voiceless; for transgressing the law he abode not in the truth, and trampling upon justice, he defended not the right.

Moses Thatcher.

There is no good way to do bad deeds.

HEBER C.

KIMBALL.

Men like Heber C. Kimball are not accidents.

They are emphatically and in the truest sense, children of destiny.

If we seek their origin and would know their truth, we must not halt beside the humble cradle which lulled their infant cares to rest.

We must rise, on spirit wings, above the mists and vapors of mortality, and survey them in the light of an eternal existence, a life without beginning or end.

Says one of old: "Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were many of the noble and great ones;

and God saw these souls that they were good, and He stood in the midst of them, and He said, These I will make my rulers;

for He stood among those that were spirits, and He saw that they were good; and He said unto me, Abraham, thou art one of them, thou wast chosen before thou wast born."

Again, unto Jeremiah:

"Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee;

and before thou earnest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations."*<¥* What is true, in this respect, of ancient prophets, is true also of modern prophets;

for verily are their origin, their mission and their destiny the same.

It devolved upon the subject of this writing to come forth at a time which has no parallel in all the ages of the past.

The day of God's power and of Zion's glory was about to dawn.

The Sun that set in blood behind Judea's hills was soon to rise o'er Zion's mountaintops and flood the world with light.

The latter-day dispensation was opening.

All things in Christ were to be gathered in one.

The curtain of history had risen on the last act of the tragedy of Time.

Would God leave the world without "great and noble ones"at such an hour?

Heber Chase Kimball was born into this life June 14, 1801.

The same soil produced him that, in colonial times, brought forth an Ethan Allen, the hero of Ticonderoga, and in Jater years the wondrous twain of spirits known to the world as Joseph Smith and Brigham Young.

A far greater work than the

3o6 HEBER C. KIMBALL.

•capture of a British fortress was in the future of this Mormon triad of "Green -Mountain Boys,"who went forth "in the name of the great Jehovah,"to invade the strong-holds of Satan, and plant the banner of Gospel truth above the ramparts of his conquered citadels.

Heber's birth-place was the town of Sheldon, Franklin County, Vermont, ten miles from the shores of Lake Champlain.

He was the fourth child and second son in a family of seven, the order of whose birth was as follows:

Charles S., Eliza, Abigail, Heber C, Melvina, Solomon and Daniel S., the last named of whom died in infancy.

His father's name was Solomon Farnham Kimball, a native of Massachusetts, by trade a blacksmith, and also a farmer and builder;

he professed no religion, but was a man of good moral character, and taught his children correct principles.

His mother's maiden'name was Anna Spaulding; she was a strict Presbyterian, led a virtuous life and, to the best of her knowledge, reared her family in the ways of righteousness.

She was born in Plainfield, New Hampshire, on the banks of the Connecticut river.

The Kimballs were of Scotch descent, their ancient name, it is believed, being Campbell.

Heber's grand-father and a brother came from England, in time to assist in gaining the independence of the

Colonies.

Heber derived his given name from a

Judge Chase, of Massachusetts, by whom his father was reared from a boy, and who chanced to visit his former protege soon after his son was born.

In February, 1811, the Kimballs migrated from Vermont and settled in West Bloomfield, Ontario County, New

York.

At the age of fourteen, Heber, having quit school, was put to work in his father's blacksmith shop, and acquired a knowledge of that useful trade.

When he was nineteen, his father having met with business reverses and lost his property—he was thrown entirely upon his own resources, and now began to taste the first bitter experience of his life.

He was a singular compound, in his nature, of courage and timidity, of weakness and strength;

uniting a penchant for mirth with a proneness to melancholy, and blending the lion-like qualities of a leader among men with the bashfulness and lamb-like simplicity of.

a child.

He was not a coward; a braver man probably never lived than Heber C.

Kimball.

His courage, however, was not of that questionable kind which "knows no fear."Rather was it of that superior order, that Christ-like bravery, which feels danger and yet dares to face it.

He had all the sensitiveness of the poet—for he was both a poet and a prophet from his mother's womb—and inherited as his birth-right the power to feel pleasure or suffer pain in all its exquisiteness and intensity.

He consequently suffered much in his lonely hours and friendless condition.

He relates that he often went two or three days without food, "being bashful and not daring to ask for it."

Finally, his brothera Charles, hearing of his condition, sent for him, and offered to teach him the potter's trade, an offer which he gladly accepted.

While living with;his brother, he removed to Mendon, Monroe County, where Heber finished learning his trade and commenced working for wages; six months later he purchased his brother's business, and set up in the same line for himself, in which he prospered for upwards of ten years.

Meanwhile, the sun of love dawned on his horizon.

In one of his rides he chanced to pass, one warm summer day, through the little town of Victor, in the neighboring county of Ontario.

Being thirsty, he drew rein near a house where a gentleman was at work in the yard, whom he asked for a drink of water.

As the one addressed went to the well to draw a fresh bucketful of the cooling liquid, he called to his daughter, Vilate, to bring a glass from the house, which he filled and sent by her to the young stranger.

Heber was greatly struck with, the beauty and refined modesty of the young girl, whose name he understood to be "Milatie,"and who was the flower and pet of her father's family.

Lingering as

HEBER

C. KIMBALL.

long as propriety would permit, or the glass of water would hold out, he murmured his thanks and rode reluctantly away.

It was not long before he again had "business"in Victor, and again became thirsty just as he was opposite the house where the young lady lived.

Seeing the same gentleman in the yard whom he had accosted before, he hailed him and asked him for a drink of water.

This time the owner of the premises offered to wait upon him in person, but Heber, with the blunt humor for which he was noted, nearly took the old gentleman's breath by saying:

"If you please, sir, I would rather My-latie would bring it to me.""Latie,"as she was called by the household, accordingly appeared and did the honors as before, and returned blushing to meet the merriment and good-natured badinage of her sister and brothers.

She, however, was quite as favorably impressed with the handsome young horseman, as he was with her.

More visits followed, acquaintance ripened into love, and on the seventh of November, 1822, they were married.

Vilate Murray—for that was her name—was the youngest child of Roswell and Susannah Murray.

At the time of her marriage she was only in her seventeenth year.

Heber was past twenty-one, and fast developing into as fine a specimen of manhood as one might wish to behold.

Tall and powerful of frame, with piercing black eyes that seemed to read one through, and before whose searching gaze the guilty involuntarily quailed, he moved with a stateliness and majesty all his own, as far removed from haughtiness and vain pride, as he was from the sphere of the upstart who mistakes scorn for dignity and an overbearing manner as an evidence of gentle blood.

Heber C. Kimball was a humble man, and in his humility, no less than his kingly stature, consisted his dignity, and no small share of his greatness.

It was his earnestness, simplicity, sublime faith and unwavering integrity to principle that made him great, not the apparel he wore, nor the mortal clay in which his spirit was clothed.

Heber's temperament was religious and poetical.

Sociable as he was, and even bubbling over with mirth, at times, his soul was essentially of a solemn cast.

He loved solitude, not with the selfish spirit of the misanthrope, but for the opportunities it gave of communing with his own thoughts—a pleasure that only poet minds truly feel—and of listening to the voice of God and nature, expressed in all the countless and varied forms of life.

It is not strange that a nature of this kind should have been led early to seek "an anchor for the soul"—a knowledge of the truth, as it is in Christ Jesus.

But his search, for many years, was in vain.

He found not, among the sects of Christendom, the precious pearl which an honest soul will sell all that it hath to obtain.

Sometime in the fall or winter of 1831, five Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints came from Pennsylvania to Victor, a few miles from Mendon, and stopped at the house of Phineas

H. Young.

They were Eleazer Miller, Elial Strong, Alpheus Gifford, Enos Curtis and Daniel Bowen.

Hearing of these men, Heber was prompted by curiosity to visit them, "when,"says he "for the first time I heard the fulness of the Everlasting Gospel."To hear, with him, was to believe, for he was convinced that they taught the truth, and was constrained to receive their testimony.

The glorious news of a restored Gospel and a living Priesthood, commissioned of and communicating with the heavens;

the promise of the Holy Ghost, with signs following the penitent, baptized believer; the glad message and grand proclamation of the gathering of Israel, the building up of Zion, preparatory to the second coming of the Savior; all this fell upon the heart of this

God-fearing man like dew upon thirsty ground.

As the voice of a familiar spirit it seemed an echo from the far past—something he had known before.

3o8 HEBER C. KIMBALL.

He took time to investigate, however, before acting on his convictions, and having satisfied himself in this respect, on the fifteenth day of April, 1832, he was baptized and confirmed a member of the Church.

The Elder who officiated in both ordinances was Alpheus

Gifford; he desired also to ordain him to the Priesthood, to confer upon him the same authority that he himself held, but the new convert, feeling unworthy of such an honor, entreated him not to do so.

Heber was subsequently ordained an Elder under the hands of Joseph Young.

In the latter part of October, or early in November, 1832, he visited Kirtland, Ohio, the head-quarters of the Church and home of Joseph the Prophet.

Brigham and Joseph Young accompanied him.

Their first meeting with the Prophet was on the eighth day of November. The hearts of Joseph and Heber at once knit with each other, in friendship like unto that of David and Jonathan.

In the fall of 1833, Elder Kimball sold his possessions in Mendon and settled his affairs, preparatory to gathering to the bosom of the Church.

His father and mother and brother Charles were dead.

Four children had been born to him in Mendon, the eldest and the youngest of whom, Judith Marvin and Roswell Heber, had died.

The survivors were William Henry and Helen

Mar.

Heber was the only one of his father's household to embrace the Gospel.

He left Mendon late in October, and arrived in Kirtland about the first of November.

Besides his own family he was accompanied by Elder Brigham Young and his two little daughters, who were motherless.

In Mendon and in Kirtland the families of Brigham and Heber were as one.

The newly arrived pilgrims had fallen on perilous times.

Mobocracy was rife and rampant, and persecution was raging against the Church, both in Ohio and in Missouri.

Says Heber: "Our enemies were raging and threatening destruction upon us.

We had to guard night after night, and for weeks were not permitted to take off our clothes, and were obliged to lie with our firelocks in our arms to preserve Brother Joseph's life and our own.

At this time our brethren in Jackson County, Missouri, were also suffering great persecution'; about twelve hundred were driven, plundered and robbed, their houses burned and some of the brethren were killed.

Mobs were organized around Kirtland, who were enraged against us, ready to destroy us."

Such was the state of affairs with the Church of the living God at the close of the year 1833.

In February, 1834, came a commandment from the Almighty, through His Prophet, to "gather up the strength of His house"and go up and "redeem Zion;"in other words to recover from the hands of a fierce and blood-thirsty mob the lands in Jackson County, Missouri, from which the Saints had been driven.

Such was the origin and object of Zion's Camp, and such the nature of the perilous duty laid upon them.

Bidding farewell to his family and friends, whom he scarcely dared hope he would ever meet again in the flesh, Heber enrolled himself in the little band of heroes who set out from Kirtland on the 5th of May, 1834.

They were about two hundred strong, well armed and equipped, and were led by the Prophet

Joseph in person.

We cannot now follow them through all the travels and trials of that eventful pilgrimage, with its tragic sequel of death and suffering.

Suffice it that, owing to a spirit of disunion and rebellion that crept into the camp, notwithstanding the faith and fidelity of many, they were not permitted to completely fulfill their mission.

On the contrary, through miraculously preserved from every human foe, they were punished by a visitation of divine wrath; the cholera broke out in the camp, and its numbers were decimated by the scourge.

This occurred in the latter part of June, 1834, on Rush Creek, near Fishing river,

Missouri.

Thus, by foes without, and the fell destroyer within, was the faith and in-

HEBER

C. KIMBALL.

tegrity of Zion's Camp tried and tested.

It was needful, for, from the ranks of the faithful who remained, were to be chosen the first Twelve Apostles of the last dispensation.

This important quorum was called into existence on the 14th of February, 1835, at Kirtland.

Its members were as follows:

Thomas B.

Marsh, David W.

Patten, Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, William E.

McLellin, Parley P.

Pratt, Luke S.

Johnson, William Smith, Orson Pratt, John F.

Boynton, Lyman E.

Johnson.

They were ordained Apostles under the hands of Joseph Smith Jun., Oliver Cowdery, and David Whitmer.

The Twelve started on their first mission May 4, 1835. They traveled through the eastern States and in Canada, preaching, baptizing, setting in order the branches of the Church, raising up new branches, counseling the Saints to gather westward, and collecting means for the completion of the Lord's house in Kirtland.

They returned late in the following September.

The Kirtland Temple was dedicated on the twenty-seventh of March, 1S36.

The following five months were passed by Heber in the eastern States, fulfilling a mission, the first one he had yet taken alone.

The hour was approaching when Heber C.

Kimball was to make his great mark as an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ.

On Sunday, June 4, 1S37, as 1 he was sitting in one of the stands of the Temple, the Prophet Joseph stepped in and whispered in his ear:

"Brother Heber, the Spirit of the Lord has whispered to me, saying, Let my servant Heber go to England, and proclaim my Gospel, and open the door of salvation to that nation."The thought was overpowering;

he had been surprised at his call to the Apostleship; now he was overwhelmed.

Like Jeremiah of old he staggered under the weight of his own weakness, and in his self humiliation exclaimed: "O Lord,

I am a man of stammering tongue, and altogether unfit for such a work; how can I go to preach in that land, which is so famed throughout Christendom for learning, knowledge and piety;

the nursery of religion;

and to a people whose intelligence is proverbial."

Nevertheless, he resolved to go, believing it to be the will of God, in whom he trusted for every needed qualification.

He started on this important mission June 13, 1837, in company with Orson Hyde, Willard Richards and Joseph Fielding.

He was compelled to leave his family almost destitute, and went forth, himself, literally "without purse or scrip."They sailed from New York on the first of July, and on the twentieth of that month landed in Liverpool.

The details of this, the first foreign mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latter-day Saints, and one of the most remarkable of modern times, are too voluminous for even hasty mention.

After a marvelous experience, and equally wonderful success in preaching and baptizing, Heber C.

Kimball, the father of the British mission, returned to his native land, after an absence of eleven months and nine days.

One incident of his mission we will relate, in his own words, as pertaining closely to one branch of his numerous family:

"The first child born in the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, in Great Britain (October 7, 1837) was the daughter of James and Nancy Smithies.

After she was born her parents wanted to take her to the church to be sprinkled, or christened, as they call it.

I used every kind of persuasion to convince them of their folly;

it being contrary to the Scriptures and the will of God;

the parents wept bitterly, and it seemed as though I could not prevail on them to omit it.

I wanted to know of them the reason why they were so tenacious;

the answer was, 'if she dies she cannot have a burial in the churchyard.'I said to them, 'Brother and Sister Smithies,

I say unto you in the name of Israel's God, she shall not die on this land, for she shall live until she becomes a mother in Israel; and I say it in the name of Jesus

Christ, and by virtue of the Holy Priest-

3 to HEBER C. KIMBALL.

hood vested in me.'That silenced them, and when she was two weeks old they presented the child to me;

I took it in my arms and blessed it, that it should live to become a mother in Israel."The child's name was Mary Smithies, who afterwards became Heber's wife and the mother of several children.

Finding, on his return from Europe, that the Church, with the exception of a few members, most of whom were lukewarm in the faith, had removed to Missouri, Heber at once prepared to follow.

He left Kirtland with his family and a few others, about the first of July, 1838, and arrived at Far West, Caldwell County, Missouri, on the twenty-fifth of the month.

He there met the Prophet Joseph and other dear friends and mingled with them tears of gratitude and joy.

The five years from 1833 to 1838 was one of the darkest periods in the Church's history.

Mobocracy on one hand and apostasy on the other, dealt the cause of God cruel blows, such as no human work could hope to withstand.

Six of the Twelve Apostles and one of the First Presidency became disaffected, and many other Elders fell away and joined hands with the robbers and murderers of their brethren.

Like a rock in mid-ocean, facing the storm, unmoved by wind or wave, stood Heber C. Kim* ball, among the truest, true; among the bravest, brave.

In the fall of 1838, after a brief breathing spell, the mob troubles revived, and the tempest of persecution burst forth with tenfold fury.

Far West was beseiged and fell a prey to mob violence.

Joseph and other leading Elders were betrayed and made prisoners, and murder and rapine held high carnival amid the smoking ruins of peaceful homes and ravaged fields.

Says Heber, who was as usual, in the thickest of the fray: "When the troops surrounded us, and we were brought into a hollow square, the first persons that I knew were men who had once professed to be beloved brethren, and they were the men who piloted these mobs into our city: William E. McLellin and Lyman E. Johnson, two of the Twelve,

John Whitmer and David Whitmer, two of the witnesses to the Book of Mormon; and scores of others.

William E.

McLellin wanted to know where Heber C. Kimball was; someone pointed me out to him, as I was sitting on the ground.

He came up to me and said: 'Brother Heber, what do you think of Joseph Smith, the fallen prophet, now?

Has he not led you blindfolded long enough;

look and see, yourself, poor, your family stripped and robbed, and your brethren in the same fix; are you satisfied with Joseph?'"I replied, Yes, I am more satisfied with him, a hundredfold, than ever I was before;

for I see you in the very position that he foretold you would be in—a Judas to betray your brethren—if you did not forsake your adultery, fornication, lying and abominations.

Where axe you?

What are you about; you and Hinkle and scores of others?

Have you not betrayed Joseph and his brethren into the hands of the mob, as Judas did

Jesus?

Yes, verily you have;

I tell you Mormonism is true, and Joseph is a true prophet of the living God, and you, with all others that turn therefrom, will be damned and go to hell, and Judas will rule over you."Joseph and other leading brethren were driven off like cattle to prison.

Heber, not being well known in Missouri, and consequently less an object of hatred in the eyes of the mob, was set at liberty, and with Brigham Young, his fellow Apostle, shared and assisted in the exodus of the Saints from Missouri, in the winter of 1S3S-9.

He visited Joseph and the brethren in prison, repeatedly, sometimes at the peril of his life, and ministered to their comfort and consolation.

The following spring found the Church established at Commerce, afterwards Nauvoo, in the state of Illinois.

Joseph had escaped from prison, with most of his captive companions, and the gathering of God's people was now resumed with unprecedented energy.

One day, while crossing the Mississippi,

HEBER

C. KIMBALL.

3ii on a steamboat, looking towards and admiring the beautiful site of Nauvoo, Apostle Kimball observed:

"It is a very pretty place, but not a long abiding home for the Saints."Sidney Rigdon, one of the First Presidency, hearing of Heber's words, and dreading their prophetic potency, took him to task for it in the presence of Joseph and other Elders.

"I should suppose,"said he, petulantly, "that Elder

Kimball had passed through sufferings and privations and mobbings and drivings enough, to learn to prophecy good concerning Israel."Heber replied:

"President Rigdon, I prophecy good concerning you all the time—if you can get it."The retort amused Joseph, who laughed heartily, and Elder Rigdon yielded the point.

Seven years later the truth and prescience of Heber's words were terribly confirmed.

Hardly was he settled in his new home in Nauvoo, when he was called to fulfill another mission.

Again he must cross the mighty ocean, to renew in foreign lands the work which he and his fellow laborers had commenced two years before.

This time he accompanied Apostle Brigham Young, then President of the Twelve, and the majority of his quorum.

A great work was performed by the Apostles in the British Isles; the mission was established on a broad and permanent basis, and the mighty stream of Israel's emigration from foreign shores set in motion.

They returned in the summer of 1841, after an absence of nearly two years.

It was during the days that followed their return, that Joseph taught Heber and others of the Twelve the principle of celestial or plural marriage.

The pathetic story of how Heber and

Vilate Kimball received and embraced this holy principle has been tenderly told by their daughter, Helen.

Here is her narrative:

"In Nauvoo, my father, among others of his brethren, was taught the plural wife doctrine, and was told by Joseph, the Prophet, three times, to go and take a certain woman as his wife; but not till he commanded him in the name of the Lord did he obey.

At the same time Joseph told him not to divulge this secret, not even to my mother, for fear that she would not receive it;

for his life was in constant jeopardy, not only from outside influences and enemies, who were seeking some plea to take him back to Missouri, but from false brethren who had crept like snakes into his bosom and then betrayed him.

"My father realized the situation fully, and the love and reverence he bore for the Prophet were so great that he would sooner have laid down his life than have betrayed him.

This was the greatest test of his faith he had ever experienced.

The thought of deceiving the kind and faithful wife of his youth, whom he loved with all his heart, and who with him had borne so patiently their separations, and all the trials and sacrifices they had been called to endure, was more than he felt able to bear.

"My mother had noticed a change in his manner and appearance, and when she inquired the cause, he tried to evade her questions.

At last he promised he would tell her after a while, if she would only wait. This trouble so worked upon his mind that his anxious and haggard looks betrayed him daily and hourly, and finally his misery became so unbearable that it was impossible to control his feelings.

He became sick in body, but his mental wretchedness was too great to allow of his retiring, and he would walk the floor till nearly morning, and some times the agony of his mind was so terrible that he would wring his hands and weep like a child, and beseech the Lord to be merciful and reveal to her this celestial principle, for he himself could not break his vow of secrecy.

"The anguish of their hearts was indescribable, and when she found it was useless to beseech him longer she retired to her room and bowed before the Lord and poured out her soul in prayer to him who hath said:

"If any lack wisdom let him ask of God, who giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not."My father's heart was raised at the same time in supplication.

While pleading as one would plead for life, the vision of

HEBER

C. KIMBALL.

her mind was opened, and, as darkness flees before the morning sun, so did her sorrow and the groveling things of earth vanish away.

"Before her was illustrated the order of celestial marriage, in all its beauty and glory, together with the great exaltation and honor it would confer upon her in that immortal and celestial sphere, if she would accept it and stand in her place by her husband's side.

She also saw the woman he had taken to wife, and contemplated with joy the vast and boundless love and union which this order would bring about, as well as the increase of her husband's kingdoms, and the power and glory extending throughout the eternities, worlds without end.

"With a countenance beaming with joy, for she was filled with the spirit of God, she returned to my father, saying:

'Heber, what you kept from me the Lord has shown to me.'She told me she never saw so happy a man as father was when she described the vision and told him she was satisfied and knew that it was from God.

The three years following his return from England, Heber spent in the active prosecution of his apostolic labors.

He fulfilled various missions in the States, but never again crossed the ocean to other lands.

His purely missionary labors were drawing to a close.

The hour of martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph was approaching, and upon the shoulders of the Twelve was about to roll the burden of the kingdom of the latter days.

On the twenty-first of May, of the fateful year, 1844, Heber C. Kimball left Nauvoo, on his last mission to the Gentiles.

He accompanied President Brigham Young, and other Apostles and Elders.

The object of their mission was to present to the nation the name of Joseph Smith, as a candidate for the presidency of the United States.

While they were absent Joseph and Hyrum were assassinated in Carthage jail.

Heber was in Salem, Massachusetts, when the terrible news reached his ears.

The Twelve, grief-stricken and almost crushed with sorrow, turned their sad steps homeward, arriving in Nauvoo on the sixth of August, forty days after the martyrdom.

The Church had received a stunning blow, but with superhuman vitality it revived from the shock, and rose up in godlike energy to renew its mission of salvation to mankind.

Under the magic stroke of the wand of Omnipotence, other great men had risen to perpetuate the works and memories of the martyred slain.

Joseph's mantle fell upon Brigham Young.

Heber C. Kimball was his right-hand man, and as he had before stood by Joseph, he now stood firm at the side of his successor, a pillar of faith and power not to be broken.

On the seventeenth of February, 1846, he left the doomed city of Nauvoo, and joined the camp of Israel on Sugar Creek, with their faces towards the Rocky Mountains.

His prediction concerning Nauvoo was being fulfilled.

The exodus of the Saints from Illinois had begun.

The camp commenced its westward march on Sunday, March 1, 1846.

Three months later found them at Winter Quarters, on the Missouri river.

From this point went forth the Mormon Battalion to Mexico, the same summer, and in the following spring, the Pioneers, whose destination was the Valley of the

Great Salt Lake.

Heber C. Kimball was one of the famous little band whose wagons, on the twenty-fourth of July, forty years ago, rolled down yonder slope and encamped upon this then barren plain.

The fall of the year found him back at

Winter Quarters, assisting to prepare for the next season's emigration.

At a conference held there, on the twenty-seventh of December, 1847, the quorum of the First Presidency, which had been vacant since the death of Joseph, was reorganized, and Brigham Young was chosen President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in all the world, with Heber C.

Kimball and Willard Richards as his counselors.

This action was confirmed at the General Conference in Great Salt Lake City, in October of the following year.

HEBER

C. KIMBALL.

The residue of Heber C.

Kimball's history, here so briefly told, is confined to the land which his wives and children now inhabit, and where much of it that will never be written is cherished as precious memories in the hearts of tens of thousands.

Many will remember his famous prophecy in the year 1848—the year of the cricket plague—when the half-starved, half-clad settlers scarcely knew where to look for the next crust of bread, or for rags to hide their nakedness.

His amazing assertion that within a few months, "States goods"would be sold in the streets of Salt Lake

City as cheap as in New York, and that the people should be abundantly supplied with clothing, with its wonderful fulfillment in the unexpected advent of the gold-hunters e?i route for California, is a notable instance of the prescient power that rested upon him, and stamped him as a prophet of God.

In the famine year of 1S56, he played a part like unto that of Joseph of old; feeding from his own bins and storehouses, filled by his providence and foresight in anticipation of the straitness of the times, the hungry multitude—kindred, strangers and all—who looked to him for succor.

It is related that, in the midst of this season of distress, a brother, sorely in need of bread, came to him for counsel as to how he should procure it.

"Go and marry a wife,"was Heber's terse reply.

Thunderstruck at receiving such an answer, at such a time, when he could scarcely find food for himself, the man went his way, dazed and bewildered, thinking that President Kimball must be out of his mind. But the more he thought of the prophetic character and calling of the one who had given him this strange advice, the less he felt like ignoring it.

Finally he resolved to obey counsel, let the consequences be what they might.

But where was the woman who would marry him? was the next problem.

Bethinking himself of a widow with several children, whom he thought might be induced to share her lot with him, he mustered up courage, proposed and was accepted.

In that widow's house was laid up a six months'store of provisions.

Meeting President Kimball shortly afterwards, the now prosperous man of family exclaimed:

"Well, Brother Heber, I followed your advice—

"Yes,"said the servant of God, "and you found bread."But a volume might be written, and then the half remain untold, of the sayings and doings of this mighty man of God.

We can only sketch them now, in haste and brevity, promising, by the blessing of the Lord, a book more worthy of the subject in the future.

On the 22nd of October, 1867, died Vilate Murray Kimball, as noble a wife and mother, and as unselfish and devoted a Saint, as ever drew breath.

Her loss was a heavy blow to her sorrowing husband.

"I shall not be long after her,"was the sad prophecy that fell from his quivering lips, as he followed the remains of his beloved partner to the tomb.

In less than a twelve-month his words were fulfilled.

On the morning of the 22nd of June, 186S, death again entered the household, leveling his fatal shaft at the mighty heart of its patriarchal head.

At the age of sixty-seven years, his mind yet unimpaired, his iron frame unbent by age, but with health shattered by toil and trial in the service of his Maker, Heber C. Kimball, the Apostle of Jesus Christ, the tried and trusted friend of God passed peacefully from earth away.

Freed from his mortal prison-house, of sorrow and of pain, his mission here completed, he sought once more the scenes and society of his spirit youth in the realms of eternal rest.

Past angels, Gods and sentinels, who guard

The gates celestial, challengeless and free,

That sovereign spirit soared unto its own;

By shouting millions welcomed back again,

With all his new-won laurels on his brow

The meed of valor and of victory

To exaltations endless as the lives!

Orson F.

Whitney.

Pencils are sometimes lead, but the pen has to be driven.

Boston Transcript.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, June, 1887.

EDITORIAL NOTES.

The sketch we publish in this number, of President Heber C.

Kimball, may be read as the introductory to a forthcoming volume containing his biography.

The Life of President Kim-; ball will be eagerly anticipated by the people, with whom he was for so many years identified as counselor and friend.

From the glimpse we get of his long career of usefulness and devotion to the highest principles of human life, in the sketch before us, we are justified in look, ing forward to the publication of his biography, with the keenest expectation of a literary feast, that will be most enjoyable and of the greatest benefit to those who shall partake.

That a life so full of heroic incident, so fraught with examples of meritorious behavior should be lost to the future generations of Zion, would be a calamity;

that it should have so able and devoted a historian as Bishop O.

F.

Whitney, to chronicle and set down in elegant diction the events that have distinguished it forever, among the people of God, is most fortunate.

We shall be glad to welcome the Life of Heber C.

Kimball and accord it the prominent place in the library of home literature, which it is sure to deserve.

"Notable Buildings of Carthage"is the title of our engraving in this number.

At the top of the page is seen, through the luxurious foliage of some splendid trees, the County Court House of Hancock County.

Here many trials in which the Prophet Joseph and other leading brethren figured were held.

Here the records of the purchases and sales of real estate, during the periods of settlement and exodus are preserved.

The building is a creditable one and the grounds about it are very attractively laid out in lawns and shaded paths.

The present appearance of Carthage jail, is that of a substantial residence.

It is so occupied, and is a conveniently and comfortably furnished home.

The associations of this historic building are so horrible to Latter-day Saints that we shall not dwell upon them.

The room occupied by the illustrious Martyrs is preserved as it was at the time of the tragedy, and visitors are courteously received and shown over the house by its owners.

The Hamilton House was the common hostlery of Carthage in the early days of Illinois, frequented by lawyers and statesmen, travelers and speculators.

Here the dead bodies of the martyrs rested until taken away to Nauvoo by their friends.

These buildings are all referred to, on various and interesting occasions, in the history of the Church, and the views of them cannot fail to excite a lively interest in the breasts of the students of Church history.

"Habit'is hard to overcome.

If you take off the first letter it does not change "a bit."If you take another you have a "bit"left.

If you take off another the whole of "it"remains.

If you take off another it is "t"totally used up.

All of which goes to show that if you wish to be rid of a "habit"you must throw it off altogether.

There are several base ball players, each receiving a larger salary than does a United States Senator or the governor of any State except two.

The average professional base ball player is better paid than school teachers, than learned university professors, and than most of the notable editors and ministers.

And the "sluggers"get more newspaper mention, during their season, than do all the United States senators, school teachers, professors, preachers and editors combined.

What wonder, then, that half the youths of the country incline to bat and ball instead of books!

EDITORIAL.

It is a good thing to own something that is growing while you sleep, and Science has made a discovery that helps everybody to do so.

It has found out that fruit trees slumber in the daytime and work at night.

This modern idea is that fruit trees acquire most of their growth at night.

Dr.

Krauss has observed and calculated that the fruit of the cherry laurel increases in the night at the rate of ninety per cent, and only ten per cent, by day, while apples increase eighty per cent, at night and twenty per cent, in the daytime.

At the late annual conference of the Church some very interesting statistics were presented in the various reports read. There were reported thirty Stakes of Zion, embracing the Territory of Utah and parts of Arizona, Idaho, Wyoming,

Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico.

Within these stakes are eleven Apostles, sixty-five Patriarchs, six thousand seven hundred and forty-four Seventies, three thousand one hundred and twenty-three

High Priests, twelve thousand four hundred and forty-one Elders, two thousand four hundred and twenty-three Priests, two thousand four hundred and ninetyseven

Teachers, six thousand eight hundred and fifty-four Deacons, 81,228 members making a total of officers and members of 115,699.

There are children under eight years of age 46,684.

Total souls 162,383.

The Relief Society reported 235 societies with 18,000 members, having assets $9,166 cash, $21,032 property, $6,479 real estate, 66,409 bushels of wheat. Receipts for the year were $6,172 cash, $6,032 property, 4,074 bushels wheat.

Disbursements for relief $4,126 cash, $4,369 property, besides various contributions to hospitals and other charities.

The Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association reported a membership of 7,744, average attendance at meetings 4,119, meetings held 3742.

Chapters in Church works read by members 12,959.

Miscellaneous papers 258, and original essays 1,010.

They have in libraries 2,476 volumes and cash on hand $745.

The Deseret Sunday School Union reported 425 Sunday schools.

Male teachers 4981.

Female teachers 3368.

Total officers and teachers 8.349. Male children in attendance 26.152, female children 25.428. Total children 51.580. Grand-total of officers and pupils in the Sunday schools 59.929.

There are Theological classes, 859 Bible and Testament classes, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Juvenile Instructor, Catechism, 2,234 miscellaneous, making a total of 4.929 classes taught. The libraries contain 40.- 844 books.

The report of the Y. M. M. I. Associations was read at the semi-annual conference held on the evening of April 8th in the Provo Tabernacle.

While it was very incomplete, some of the largest Stakes failing to report, the exhibit it makes of the Associations reporting is most creditable.

Twenty Stakes reported showing associations and members, an increase of in six months;

average attendance at meetings, 4755, or over sixty per cent.

Meetings were held as follows:

Stake conferences, 61;

regular weekly meetings, 2783; conjoint sessions, 771; extra meetings, 119.

Total, 3734.

Missionary appointments filled, 612.

Visits of general and Stake officers, 266.

Number of members on missions, 116.

Libraries, 73, volumes, 5294.

Manuscript papers read, 350.

Essays, 782.

Testimonies borne, 3615.

Questions answered, 1462.

Declamations, 661.

Musical exercises, 558.

Subjective lectures were as follows:

Bible, 1975.

Book of Mormon, 1146.

Doctrine and Covenants, 1132.

Church History, 544.

Doctrinal, 650.

Historical, 238.

Scientific, 85.

Biographical, 165.

Political, 38.

Travel, 40.

Miscellaneous, 15S5.

Total, 7598.

Of all these totals fifty per cent, may be added for an approximation of the true status and condition of the associations, as the above represents only twenty out of the thirty Stakes.

This addition would make the total of associations 268 and of members 1 1623, which we believe is about correct.

THE WAYSIDE INN.""THE WAYSIDE INN."The village of Sudbury is, as every New Englander knows, in Middlesex county, Mass., not far from Concord town, of Revolutionary fame.

One afternoon, about sixty years ago, the rattling stage-coach which ran on the high-road between Boston and the Connecticut

Valley, was making its usual stop three miles from the village, at the Red Horse Inn.

As ancient is this hostelry As any in the land may be.

Among the passengers who alighted here, was a young man lately graduated from Maine's renowned college, Old Bowdoin, and now on his way to foreign lands.

Glancing around him with all the glad eagerness of youth, he stood for a minute in the shadow of the great oaktrees before the door.

The red glow of sunset suffused meadow and woodland, painting in brilliant hues the time-worn and weather-stained inn, its tiny woodbine-curtained windows, and gayly prancing horse depicted upon the signboard.

In the yard below was a busy scene;

a noisy gathering of teamsters, travelers, market-women, peddlers, strolling players, beggars and inn servants: the Red Horse tavern was a farfamed place of, refreshment for man and beast.

In the door-way stood the smiling host, welcoming his guests.

When they had entered the house, and were doing justice to a generous meal, he informed them (as was his wont) that the Red Horse had been kept by his father in King George's time, when Massachusetts was a colony.

He recounted how his parent had led a body of volunteers down to Concord, to help protect the stores of ammunition from the king's troops.

The sword which the gallant Colonel Howe had worn on that memorable day now hung over the wide fireplace, and all were free to examine and admire it.

When they had finished supper, the travelers were ushered into the presence of their host's daughter, Miss Jerusha Howe, who always kept aloof from the ordinary guests of the inn, being a young woman of superior culture.

She had been educated at a city boarding-school, and was, therefore, looked upon as a prodigy of learning and accomplishments.

The inn-parlor was her especial domain;

it was a large, low-raftered room, with wainscotted walls and tiled chimneypiece, and for decoration, the Howe coatof-arms in brilliant colors.

Opposite the fire-place hung a picture of Princess Mary, daughter of King George the Third, and on another wall was a double oval frame containing the portraits of a man and woman, with beneath them the rather startling assertion: "We are one!"These were Jerusha's great-grandparents.

And the crowning glory of the room was the new spinet—the object of the neighbors'awe and admiration, being the first article of the kind seen in those parts.

Happy and envied was she who could say to her sister-gossips, "I've seen

Jurusha's pianny, and I heerd her play on it, tew!"Yielding to the solicitations of her father, brother and visitors, the young lady seated herself at the instrument, opened her music-book, and discoursed sweet melodies and.thrilling fantasias, and, notably, the noisy "battle of Prague,"to the great delectation of her listeners.

Thus was the evening passed, and then the guests climbed the creaking staircase to the tiny sloping rooms above.

At break of day they were in their places in the coach again, and as the driver started his strong horses and set off toward the brightening east, the youthful traveler turned his gaze back to the quaint old inn, and kept the memory of it in his poet heart.

The name of this young man was Henry Wadsworth

Longfellow.

Time brought many changes in Sudbury and the county round; a railroad superseded the stage-coach and turned the tide of travel away from the old highway and the Red Horse Inn.

The

"THE WAYSIDE INN'gallant steed on the sign-board grew more and more indistinct, until he seemed but the shadow of his former self;

still, he held his head erect and pranced as gaily as of yore, although his reign was over.

The house became known as Howe's Tavern, its glory a thing of the past, and its guests comparatively few.

In 1848—about twenty-five years after Longfellow's visit—a professor from Harvard College, Daniel Treadwell by name, chanced to pass a night at the wayside inn, and, appreciating the rural beauty and seclusion of the spot, determined to make it his home during the long vacation.

Accordingly, he busied himself in securing some congenial spirits, who agreed to join him in his summer retreat.

Among these chosen ones was Dr.

T. W.

Parsons, a gifted and promising writer of classical poems;

Luigi Monti, a Sicilian youth of ardent temperament and versatile talent;

and Henry Washington Wales, of graver bearing, a great student, traveler and linguist.

Professor Treadwell himself was a learned man of science and an inventor, and at the same time a theologian of broad views and far-reaching philanthropy.

He was a man of somewhat gruff exterior, but one whose kindliness, extending even to the brute creation, would prompt him to turn his horse rather than crush a worm, that lay wriggling in the path; or to feed assiduously a nestful of bereaved young robins, ostensibly for the purpose of seeing how much the birdlings would eat.

The summer days were passed peacefully and pleasantly by the party at the quiet old inn.

Musical was the murmur of the trout-stream in the woods hard by, soft and brilliant were the sunset skies, calm and bright the moonlight evenings.

And when the summer deepened into autumn, and the afternoons grew chill, a fire of logs was lighted in the parlor, and many an hour passed in music and merriment that made the rafters ring.

An appreciative listener, though a somewhat timid conversationalist at these evening gatherings, was Lyman Howe, the youngest member of the family whom Longfellow had met, and the only one left in Sudbury.

He was nominally the landlord of the inn, and though he had long since delegated his authority and domiciled himself in a cottage near by, the greater part of his time was spent in his childhood's home.

His chief delight was to descant to newcomers on the antiquity of the family name, to point to the Howe coat-of-arms and the Revolutionary sword of his grandsire, and to wonder what Lord Howe would say if his American cousin should cross the sea and visit him.

Being a justice of the peace, he was known as "Squire,"and having picked up a great variety of learning, was looked upon as an oracle by his neighbors.

With these he was wont to be lofty and pompous in his bearing, but in the presence of his more intellectual city-bred acquaintances, he was merely a delighted listener.

His parents and his sister Jerusha were dead, his brother had married and removed to a distance, but the fair spinster's parlor was unchanged, and when landlord and guests gathered round the fire, its fitful flame still lighted the pictured face of Princess Mary, the rustysword and the Howe coat-of-arms, and danced on the spinet's yellow, rattling keys.

Such is the prose version of the "Tales of a Wayside Inn."The reader will have already recognized the originals of the Poet, Theologian, Student, Young Sicilian and Landlord who are so graphically described in the prelude of the poem.

With the exception of the landlord, all these characters were personal friends of Mr.

Longfellow's, and from them he received the details of their repeated summerings at the Sudbury inn, as well as the description of Lyman Howe, who was a very young man at the time of the poet's visit.

The Musician and the Jew of the poem, though never actually in Howe's Tavern, were not creatures of the poet's brain, as has been said of all seven characters, and even of the inn itself;

THE WAYSIDE INN."they were men personally known to Mr.

Longfellow, and their characters introduced to give variety to the tales.

The Spanish Jew, Edrehi, whose.

.

.

eyes seemed gazing far away, As if in vision or in trance, He heard the solemn sackbut play,

And saw the Jewish maidens dance, lived and died in Boston, where he was indeed a "vender of silks and fabrics rare, 'and other costly articles of oriental make.

The fair-haired, blue-eyed Musician of the North, who is represented as interluding wild Scandinavian legends with the inspired strains of his violin, was no other than Ole Bull:

His figure tall and straight and lithe,

And every feature of his face Revealing his Norwegian race.

The charming descriptions of inn, landlord and guests, with the first seven tales, were first published in 1863.

These comprised the inspiriting account of Paul

Revere's Ride; the sad story of Ser Federigo's falcon; the triumph of Rabbi Ben

Levi over the death-angel; the beautiful legend of King Robert of Sicily; the saga of the fierce bold Norse king, Olaf; the dreary, horrible Torquemada, and the pretty and musical Birds of Killingworth.

Nine years later appeared the seven tales supposed to have been told on the "Second Day,"the rainy one.

These were:

The Bell of Atri, that touching appeal in behalf of the brute creation;

the Eastern tale of the Miser of Kambalu; the Cobbler of Hagenau; the ghostly

Ballad of Carmilhan;

Lady Wentworth; the Baron of St. Castine; and the justly named Legend Beautiful.

The "Aftermath,"or Third Part, soon followed.

This included Azrael, another legend of the death-angel; the story of Emma and Eginhard; the Quaker-Colonial sketch, Elizabeth;

the Monk of Casal-Maggiore;

the warlike Scanderberg;

Charlemagne;

the quaint little ballad of Mother's Ghost; and the Rhyme of Sir Christopher.

Shortly after the completion of the poem, Longfellow made his second and last visit to the wayside inn.

He found, alas, that the scene was changed and the shrine desecrated.

Lyman Howe had been gathered to his illustrious fathers, and as he had died a bachelor and the house had been sold at public auction, Miss Jerusha's parlor had been invaded by a vulgar throng, whose ruthless grasp appropriated and scattered its on:e revered contents.

The finest of the old oaks before the door had disappeared, having been destroyed by a stroke of lightning; and the distinguished visitor, saddened, turned away.

It has been noticed that at the close of the poem there are five, not seven members of the inn party accounted for:

Two are beyond the salt sea-waves,

And three already in their graves.

Ole Bull and Edrehi are omitted. The three who died before Longfellow's death were the Theologian, the Student and the Landlord.

The first of these, Professor Treadwell, left a name renowned for scientific inventions, and to those who knew him well, the memory of his unaffected kindness.

Henry W. Wales, the youth of quiet ways, A student of old books and days, To whom all tongues and lands were known,

And yet a lover of his own had lived in Rome for many years, where he became known as the "Prince of Wales,"on account of the elegance of his establishment.

At his death he bequeathed to Harvard College the valuable collections of books which had been "his pastime and delight."The two characters who survived Longfellow are still living.

One of these is Dr. Parsons, the Poet whose verse Was tender, musical and terse, in Longfellow's estimation, and who has become famous by his metrical translation of Dante and other works.

The other, the Sicilian, Mr.

Luigi Monti In sight of Etna born and bred, is now a pale, white-haired gentleman, with intellectual face and genial manners.

It is to his faithful memory that we are indebted for these details.

The wayside inn is still standing, but,

THE ISLAND OF MALTA.

sad to tell, the immortalized Red Horse

Tavern has been carefully renovated and regenerated into a show-place, where for a small consideration the tourist is ushered into the cheaply modernized and extremely unpicturesque parlor, and is told that here Longfellow sat while writing the poem.

Selected.

THE ISLAND OF MALTA.

It has been s'ated that the island of Barbados, with an area of one hundred and sixty-six square miles, contains a population of over one hundred and seventy-five thousand souls, that is to say, an average of one thousand and fifty-four people to the square mile, and that therefore the Barbados is the most densely populated part of the earth.

Permit me to present the claims of this historic island of Malta for the peculiar honor of being even more densely populated than

Barbados.

The total extent of the land (or, more properly, rock), surface of Malta is about ninety-five square miles, and the proportion of the population (exclusive of the British war forces and of the visitors or non-residents) is, as near as can be estimated at this date, one thousand five hundred to the square mile.

The city of Valetta contains the greatest plethora of population—its area being about three-tenths of one square mile and its population twenty-four thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, a proportion of seventy-eight thousand one hundred and fifty-seven persons to the square mile.

There is one specially populous quarter of Valetta known as the Ma7ideraggio, whose area two and a half acres, wherein dwell two thousand five hundred and forty-four persons—

a proportion of six hundred and thirtysix thousand souls to the square mile.

Excluding the one-third of the island which is unsuitable for cultivation, and the area occupied by buildings, and the population of Malta reaches the enormous number of two thousand persons per square mile.

The island raises enough to support about one-third of its inhabitants. Nevertheless, the people are content and fairly prosperous.

There are no direct taxes levied of ny kind, nor any insurance, forthebui ings are absolutely fireproof;

there is no fire department to support.

The buildings are of the soft Malta stone, and the builder scarcely needs any other tool than a hatchet and a square, for the material is worked almost as easily as cheese.

The island has no debt; per contra, it has upward of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds invested in English funds. Honesty and economy distinguish the administration of this model little government.

It is a so-called free port, but its custom house receipts are upwards of one hundred and forty thousand pounds annually, and fifty or sixty thousand pounds of that total is derived from the import duties on wheat, and forty thousand pounds from the duties on wines and spirits.

The laboring classes pay these duties, but they don't seem to know it!

Malta is one of the busiest and most important ports in the Mediterranean, and in one year six thousand six hundred and seventy-five vessels were known to arrive in the harbor.

The following countries are represented in Malta by Consuls or Consuls-General:

United States, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Morocco, Netherlands, Persia, Portugal, Roumania, Russia, Spain, Sweden and Norway, Turkey and Tunis.

The real property of the island is, as near as possible, thus owned: one-third by the church and her priests, one-third by the wealthier inhabitants, and one-third by the British government, the latter succeeding to the property formerly owned by the Knights of Malta.

The franchise has lately been extended, so that now about ten thousand of the inhabitants are privileged to vote for members of the council.

The franchise

3 20 MEMORIAL DAY.

is based on a money qualification, not on the intelligence of the voter.

For instance, a Maltese cook, who pays not less than six pounds a year for his house, but who cannot read or write, is a voter, whereas a gentleman and scholar, cannot vote because he lives with his father and pays no rent.

Education is, however, on the increase, for in 1842 there were but three thousand eight hundred and thirty three scholars in the schools, and twelve thousand three hundred and ninety in 18S1.

This year the scholars number upward of fifteen thousand. About twenty thousand pounds is expended annually by the educational department.

In the percentage on the native population of those able to speak, read and write their own language was sixteen and a half, leaving eighty three and a half illiterate or only able to speak their own tongue.

The maltese is a most peculiar language.

It is of Oriental origin, Arabic in its chief characteristics, but sprinkled all through with Italian incorporations.

It has no grammar.

It is phonetic and idiomatic.

I will give you a sample.

It is from a Maltese love song:

Tridu tafu shbeiba sh taghmel, Min fil ghodu sa fil ghashia, Taghmel il bokli f rasa, U tokghodlok fil gallaria.

The translation of which is:

Would you know what a maiden does

From morning until evening?

She adorns her head with curls,

And seats herself in the balcony.

John Worthington, U. S.

Consul.

Conversion is no repairing of the old building;

but it takes all down and erects a new structure.

The sincere Christian is quite a new fabric, from the foundation to the top-stone all new.

Alleine.

Nothing is easier than fault finding.

No talent, no self-denial, no genius, no character are required to set up in the grumbling business.

But those who are moved by a genuine desire to do good have little time for murmuring or complaint.

Robert West.

MEMORIAL DAY.

Columbia weeps And bends her beauteous head, And drapes her flag in pendages of woe,

And sets apart this day to fondly show

Her rich appreciation of her honored dead!

Nobly they fell her honor to sustain,

Her Constitution, and her flag to save

Grand souls The noble and the brave Our tears should fall to-day, as holy rain

We love our country—but our sons we mourn,

The voice of nature must to-day have vent,

And with the widows, we in grief lament;

And to the orphans we in love will turn.

Let there be silence for a sacfed space, (Such silence as we read in Holy writ

The grand Empyrean did in love edict;)

That we the scene of battle may retrace

The fearful struggle! and the clang of war, The fierce encounter man with man did wage,

Squadron met squadron with demoniac rage

And rampant Mars triumphant drove his car!

Till blood and carnage crimsoned all the plain,

And heap on heap, the dying, and the dead

Promiscuous lay aye, many a noble head Was low in dust, no more to rise again.

The flowers!

Yes—

'tis Decoration Day!

Bring forth the chaplets to adorn the dead

Alas!

alas! low lies each honored head,

And mute the tribute we now fondly pay.

Methinks the cypress, and funereal yew

Would best express the feelings of the soul;

Our honest tears rush forth without control,

As we, our mournful offerings renew.

Oh! may the God of love, and peace decree

That war no more shall desecrate our land;

That love fraternal may impel each hand,

And faith, and hope, and peace our motto be!

Columbia Land of promise Great and fair, May history's muse memorialize thy fame!

And form a halo round thy mystic name,

That shall to all the world that name declare

Hannah T. King.

R. K. THOMAS.

EAQI.E EMPORIUM, SALT LAKE CITY.

R K. THOMAS.

%. f. %cal %o The.

Celebrated «i«r eUpff^fine I I s I -^ifjl. one—

MAKES MORE WHOLESOME BREAD THAN ANY DTHEn FINE WHITE FLDLIR.

MANUFACTURED BY THE Prompt Attention to Orders.

Office in Wasatch Corner.

OILERMULS.

DEALERS.

PERFECI EQUIPMENT.

SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GAVE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CAJ\ TON.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS.

GRAM) CANON OF THE ARKANSAS.

Sierra Nevada

Lumber Association >OF UTAH.-< Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Mouldings, Doors, Windows, Blinds, Etc.

Mill Work in.

All its Branches.

0\K, ASH, CHERRY, WALNUT, BU TTERNU l\ MAHOGANY, SPANISH

CEDAR, PRIMA VERA, Ere.

in Stock.

Hard and Soft Wood Mantels, to Order.

STAIR BUILDING A SPECIALTY.

One-half Block South U.

C.

Depot, \ q i I VMM Cunt SALT LAKE CITY.

O. I 11®®, 5Upi.

In relation to '"*"».

The people of Utah', 0<5 6"are sensibly united % in preferlug those in a (He at V.

c% t.M.

.«'i n SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brano.

,G\ V"6 THE CELEBRATED Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, *-=3CHARCOAL,®=^.

(§OI\E, H>IG Il^ON J§ &JOQD.

SEND YOUR ORDERS TO Sells. Burton & Co., US^ain. Street, NEXT DOO^TO BAI^RATT BRTjS.

TELEPHONE 211.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN

OflY GOODS, GROCERIES, ROOTS, fHGES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS -AND ALD KINDS OFBEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

btt^tozn".

Combination Fence ^ar^^.i£iDisr„"H;:Ee co.

ICnnurnciurvn ol M-idf of An?i«r»!e<l Steel an<l (jalvaniced >Vir«>, nml • 44 Pickets per Bod, a riwi t.f from 45 ct». to »l.OO » perKod.

This is the Best Fuim and Garden Fence Made.

wias:&&&s aotd cots *£a.d.e 02a. Improved Sr la.ii.

Setter tii-sr^ aay Irapcrted.

Apents for the Celobrrted HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACHINES Ft opposits; thk thkatui:, ft. C CHAMBERS, President h. A. MITCHELL, Si»'y A Utmt 9 tr

OEALERS IN From the WASATCH and GRISMOJf Ml.YE* ~xfcW^ -m HUM VALLEY COIL From tht Utah Central Railtnay Co'* Mints.

. OFFICE it N*.

40 Hub Siml, SALT UK CITT, UTAH.

TiLiPHtNt N* 384.

tPPOSITf Z. $. M.

I.

P. O. lex 827 Orders 4«liY«r«U t» swijr *Ml4r**e in U>« nlly, *r t s.rmiMh*4 at ik« y*.rj ui refill jw?»U».

IT IS THE BEST TRUE MERIT MAS GIVEN LftCKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO *X2xe I_ 1a,rg -est tale of £Lzn.-y 'I'obacco in.

t!fcue "^vTv^crldl.

FOR PLEASURE C<*MF^RT,HEALT"SSiOKETME ^MWaCTUrIId ONLY BY I W.T.BLSCKWELJ4 5; CO.

L; BCRHilM.N.C.

RSTM 'POPULAR RJ-CAUSK RELIABLE.

THK

.

nnDW 'AGON AND MACHINE GET TO0K PLOWS.

Buy your Wagons and Machinery.

The L*r£p at Kto«k to Select from erer Exhibited ili Utah.

MITCHELL and BAIN WAGONS.

CHAMPION AND WOOD MACHINES.

"Oe§rs and Moline Plows, ockbom^of_Th^;

Salt.Lake City, Utah.

HEBER J. GttANT, PREST.

J. F. GRANT, MGR.

Insure Your Homes IN THE YOUNG IAKDY HOME IKCOK?0» AT2!3 -UNKXCElul.F.I* OIP __p«p «- a hclix DRY GOODS.

Newtst Varittits, Standard Prices.

,000 for els.

STAfLK AND FANCY a ROC K 1< I E s Always Fresh and WhtUsame.

A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF BOOTS &*i4 SHOES.

EvtrytktHff%r Faotwaz in the Best Styles.

Town & Country Trade Carefully Attended io.

Opp.

Z. C. M.

I., East Tkmij l;; Strkkt, LAKE CITY:

ft Costs less Than Two Cents a Day to Insure.

ft tales less than a day to lose a thousand dollars by fire.

H BBER J.GRANT & CO, GENERAL AGENTS, 40 Main St., SALT LAKE CM.