September lime Hoses with the next number.

Please Kenew i*w*,w*. iption for VOLUME XINE immediately.

M LlTLj/qL I [4PR DV E ME fJ jf\ 5 5 Q C IA T 1 DUs.

.

X J L ».

J II J L CJUNIU5 Dwells^ editor | r -BY SALT—LAKE -CITY

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR SEPTEMBER.

1887.

rAOK.

The Rue *nd Fall of Nauvoo.

X B //.

Kobirit r 1 of the Sea Benjamin Traitors.

II Bern. E.

Rich.

^3 Ppkahontas 4 '7 In the Adirondacks » 'I 3 ''The Weather Cbwnber s Journal \w A Norwegiaa Whale Hunt:

Fragments of a Journey Augusta /one Croth*r»* Bogota H. R. Lemly Science of the Base Ball Curre

Proctor Somewhere.....

Emmelihe B.

Wells 43o EDITOHAL:

The Constitutional Convention Charity.••••# George Washington*s Courtship H° J^otice to §M€nbev-^k=> *olume Sight expire* mith ihe (Sciobet number, and bound Vol* umei milt be leady by 0onfereneeSctobet cthp

SubtetiteU who hap$ miteed any of ihe number* of the jteetent Volume through the fault of the maiU or of thti 0ffiee, may tend the twmbetd they have received for binding and me mill make ufr ihe defieiefieu without extra ehalge and bind their voiumei for FIFTY CENTS eachQ She BonUibufar BomfianyQ ®&mmwm beach 7 he most Delightful Bathing in the

Wdfld, The new Resort Open for the Season June 28, 18S7.

Accommodations for 25CO Esthers, Refreshments.

Music.

Order.

ROUND TRIP, ONLY FIFTY CENTS.

Utah &c IsT-p^-vajda. K>a.il"W-^it, S.

F. FENTON, W. W. RITER, Gen. F. Sl T. Agt.

Genl. Manager.

JOHN M. BROWNING.

MATT.

Sw BROWNING.

Jr WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., Guns, Rifles, Pistols, IpkgtJes, Ipasefmll $mfo, iftsJpjj %m\l^ ->S~4 oSESJD FOlt CATALOGUE.t >§—S-3—

Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co., piliiiiliMill Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDEKS IfcTEEID SOUTH TEMPLE ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

JOHN RtXADING, Florist of Utah.

TREES, SHRUBS, PLANTS AND SEEDS, Of Every Description, Acclimated, and Warranted to be Reliable.

Send for Catalogue.

Orders by Mail Carefully Attended to.

JP. O.

Boac 3£S.

S.&.XV2?

Xj^ is

HENRY DINWOODEY

•MJfiNITUfiE.^ Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, m sHjIEsids, Bie-^ci^E.rrs,:is/ii:R:Eeo:RS, EVERYTHING IN HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

First South St., Salt Lake City.

cy rs&r.jk l^ >* <*«* *"

ruins ok the Nauvoo Temple.

n (fitlorc of (Soli is Entdlitjjnu.

Vol.

VIII.

SEPTEMBER 1SS7.

No.

11.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

Early in the morning following their entrance into Carthage, Joseph, his brother Hyrum and the other members of the Nauvoo City Council, named in the warrant of arrest sworn out by the

Higbees, voluntarily surrendered themselves to constable Bettisvvorth.

Shortly afterwards the Prophet, was again arrested by the same constable on a charge of treason against the State and people of

Illinois, on the oath of one Augustine Spencer.

Hyrum was arrested on a similar charge, sworn out by Henry O.

Morton.

And thus the difficulties thickened.

Soon after the second arrest, Governor

Ford presented himself and requested Joseph to accompany him, as he desired to present him to the troops, to whom he had promised the night before a view of the prophet.

The troops had been drawn up in two lines and Joseph and Hyrum linking arms with BrigadierGeneral Miner R. Deming passed between them, accompanied by their friends and a company of Carthage Greys.

They were introduced as Gen-'eral Joseph and General Hyrum Smith.

The Carthage Greys a few minutes before at the headquarters of General Deming, from which the party had started to be presented to the troops, had revolted and behaved in an uproarous manner, but were pacified by the Governor, and accompanied him, General Deming and the Prophet and his party to where the other troops were drawn up in line.

Here they again revolted because the brothers Smith were introduced to the troops from McDonough county as "Generals"Smith.

Some of the officers threw up their hats, drew their swords and said they would introduce themselves to "the d—ned Mormons in a different style."They were again pacified by the Governor who promised them "full"satisfaction.

But they continued to act in such an insubordinate manner that General Deming put them under arrest,- *The manner of this incident about the revolt of the Carthage Greys is thus related in Gregg's

History of Hancock County:—"It seems that after the McDonough regiment had been disbanded, and were about to return home, they expressed a desire to see the prisoners (Joseph and Hyrum).

The wish was reasonable, and as the easiest mode of gratifying it, they were drawn up in line, and General Deming with the two prisoners, one on each arm, and the Greys as an escort, passed along the line of troops, Deming introducing them as General Joseph Smith and General Hyrum Smith, of the Nauvoo

Legion.

The Greys not aware that this was done at the request of the McDonough men, and not satisfied to be made an escort to such a display, exhibited signs of dissatisfaction,'and finally gave vent to their feelings by hisses and groans.

As a punishment for this offense they were afterward ordered under arrest.

In the meantime there was great excitement in the company.

As a detachment of the troops was being detailed for the purpose of putting the General's order into execution the officer in command of the Greys addressed them a few words and then said: "Boys will you submit to an arrest for so trifling an offense?""No!"was the unanimous response.

"Then load your pieces with ball,"was the sullen order.

In the meantime some explanations had been made, which permitted General Deming to countermand the

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAVVOO.

but they were afterwards released without punishment.

The members of the Nauvoo City Council under arrest for riot, in destroying the Expositor press, were taken before R. F. Smith, justice of the peace and also captain of the Carthage Greys.

It will perhaps be remembered that Governor Ford had told Joseph, in a communication referred to in our last number, that nothing but his appearing before Justice Morrison, who issued the writ against him would vindicate the majesty of the law, but now the prisoners were at Carthage where Justice Morrison lived, and could have appeared before him, and were willing to do so, they were taken before another justice.

There can be no reason given for this change of proceedure except it be the fact that Captain R. F. Smith was more bitter in his prejudices against the Mormons than Justice Morrison.

In order to avoid increasing the excitement, the prisoners admitted there was sufficient cause to be bound over to appear at the next term of the circuit court for Hancock County.

The bonds amounted to seven thousand five hundred dollars.

Justice Smith dismissed his court without taking any action on the charge of treason under which the brothers Smith were still held; but about eight o'clock the same evening, Constable Bettisworth appeared at their lodgings at the Hamilton House and insisted on their going to jail.

The Prophet demanded to see the copy of the mittimus which.was at first order of arrest, and the Greys were quietly marched back to their encampment."This account says nothing of the fact that it was generally known, that the night before, Governor

Ford had promised all the troops a view of Generals Smith, and the Greys had been in revolt at General Deming's headquarters before the party including Joseph and Hyrum reached the McDouough troops.

Moreover, I was informed by Colonel H. G.

Ferris, when in Caithage two years ago, that when word arrived in that place that Joseph Smith would surrender himself to the authorities, if the governor would pledge him protection and a fair trial, the governor made a speech to the mixed multitude denied; but upon his counsel—Messrs.

Woods & Reid—informing the constable that the accused were entitled to a hearing before a justice, before they could be sent to jail, to the surprise of everybody he produced a mittimus, issued by Justice R.

F.

Smith.

It stated that Joseph and Hyrum Smith were under arrest charged with treason; "and have been,"so read the paper, "brought before me, a justice of the peace in and for said county, for trial at the seat of justice hereof, which trial has been necessarily postponed, by reason of the absence of material witnesses."Now, this mittimus, so far as it relates to the prisoners appearing before Justice Smith is concerned, is an infamous falsehood, "unless,"as Lawyer Reid, in the account he published of these proceedings, says:

"the prisoners could have appeared before the justice without being prese?it in person or by counsel."The same representation of the case was made to me by Lawyer Woods who, at the time, was associated with Mr.

Reid as the Prophet's counsel, and whom I met several years ago in Iowa.

Joseph and his counsel and his friends protested most vigorously against this unlawful proceeding, but to no avail.

R.

F. Smith finding his mittimus unlawful, appealed to the governor as to what he should do;

to which the governor answered:

"You have the Carthage Greys at your command."That was sufficient.

What the justice had illegally begun, the same person as captain must with unlawful force consummate.

Yet of troops. and citizens in which he stated the proposition of the Smiths, and wanted to know if they would sustain him in pledging them protection, to which they responded in the affirmative.

There was some talk, too, of sending the Greys as a posse to escort the Smiths into Nauvoo.

Against this proceeding General

Deming protested and told Governor Ford that the pledge of protection made by the crowd and the troops was not to be depended upon, it was insincere, and that the lives of the Smiths was not to be trusted to the Greys.

The Governor however disregarded the warning of General Deming.

Colonel Ferris was present at this meeting.

B. H. R.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

when this same governor was appealed to by the other party for protection against this unhallowed as well as unlawful proceeding, he was indeed sorry the thing had occurred, but he could not interfere with the civic powers.

Elder John Taylor went to the governor and reminded him of his pledges of protection.

He expressed kj| dissatisfaction at the course taken, arm told him that if they were to be subject to mob rule, and to be dragged contrary to law into prison, at the instance of every scoundrel whose oath could be bought for a dram of whisky, his protection availed very little, and they had miscalculated his promises.

In the meantime a drunken rabble had collected in the street in front of the Hamilton House and Captain Dunn with some twenty men came to guard the prisoners to jail.

The Prophet's friends stood by him in these trying times and followed him through the excited crowd in the direction of the jail.

Stephen Markham walked on one side of the Prophet and his brother Hyrum and Dan Jones on the other and with their walking sticks kept back the rabble, which several times broke through the guard, while Elder Taylor, Willard Richards, and John S. Fullmer walked behind them.

_ The jail was reached in safety and the prisoners given in charge of Mr. George

VV. Stigall, who first put them into the criminal's cell, but afterwards gave them the more comfortable quarters known as the debtors'apartment.

The prisoners and their friends stretched out on the floor of the old jail—and so passed the night of the twenty-fifth.

Governor Ford represents in his History of Illinois, that these men were placed in jail to protect them from the rabble, but says not a word about the protests of the prisoners against being thrust into jail, or the illegal means env ployed in putting them there.

In the forenoon of the twenty-sixth, a lengthy interview took place between Governor Ford and Joseph in which the whole cause of the trouble was reviewed, the causes leading up to the destruction of the Expositor press, calling out the Legion on which the charge of treason was based, and all other things connected with the difficulties.

Governor Ford condemned the action of the city council, but the course pursued by that body was ably defended by

Joseph, and showed that even if they had been wrong in following the course they had taken, it was a matter for the courts to decide and not a thing for mobs to settle.

In conclusion the Prophet told the Governor that he considered himself unsafe in Carthage, as the town was swarming with men who had openly sworn to take his life.

He understood the Governor contemplated going to Nauvoo, accompanied by the militia, to investigate certain charges about counterfeiting the United States currency, and if possible secure the dies and other implements used in manufacturing it, and Joseph demanded his freedom that he might go with him.

The governor promised him that he should go.

The false mittimus on which Joseph and

Hyrum Smith were thrust into prison, ordered the jailor to keep them in custody, "there to'remain until discharged by due course of law."But on the afternoon of the twenty-sixth, Frank Worrell appeared before the jail in command of the Carthage Greys and demanded that the prisoners be delivered up to the constable to be taken before

Justice R.

F. Smith for trial.

Against this proceeding the jailor protested, as the prisoners were placed in his keeping until "discharged by due course of law,"and not at the demand of a constable or military despot.

But by threats resulting in intimidation, Worrell compelled the jailor against his conviction of duty to.surrender the prisoners to him.

Meantime a mob had gathered at the door of the jail and seeing that things had assumed a threatening aspect, the Prophet stepped into the crowd, locked arms with one of the worst mobocrats, and with his brother Hyrum on the other arm, and followed by his faithful friends, proceeded to the court house.

He had been unlawfully thrust into jail and as illegally and against his wishes

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

dragged out of it and exposed to his enemies.

The counsel for the brothers Smith asked for a continuance until the next day as they were without witnesses, not having been notified when they would come to trial.

A continuance was granted until noon the next day.

A new mittimus was made out and the prisoners committed again to jail—their old quarters.

But after the prisoners were again lodged in jail, and without consulting either them or their counsel,

Justice R. F. Smith changed the time of trial from noon on the twenty-seventh until the twenty-ninth.

This change was made in consequence of a decision reached by Governor Ford and his military council to march all his troops into Nauvoo, except a company of fifty that would be detailed to guard the jail.

So Mr. R. F. Smith acting, it will be remembered, in the double capacity of a justice of the peace and captain of the Carthage Greys, as a justice altered the date of the return of the subpoenas and'excused the court until the twenty-ninth, that as a captain he might attend the military train entering

Nauvoo in triumph.

The evening of the twenty-sixth was spent very pleasantly by the prisoners and their friends.

John Taylor, Willard Richards, John S.

Fullmer, Stephen Markham and Dan Jones.

Hyrum occupied the principal part of the time in reading accounts from the Book of Mormon of the deliverance of God's servants from prison, and in commenting upon them, with a view, doubtless, of cheering his brother Joseph, since the Prophet had expressed himself as having a presentiment of uneasiness as to his safety, that he had never before experienced when in the hands of his enemies.

Late at night all retired to rest -except

Willard Richards, who by the flickering flame of a tallow candle continued his work of writing out some important documents.

Joseph and Hyrum occupied the only bedstead in the room, and their friends lay side by side on matresses spread out on the floor.

Some time after midnight a single gun was fired near the prison.

Elder Richards started in his chair, and Joseph rose from the bed where he had been lying, and stretched himself out on the floor between Fullmer and Jones.

"Lay your head on my arm for a pillow Brother John,"said the Prophet to

Fullmer as he kindly placed his arm under that persons head. Soon all became quiet, except tlfln in a low tone Fullmer and the Prophet continued to talk of presentiments the latter had received of approaching death.

"I would like to see my family again,"said he, "and I would to God that I could preach to the Saints in Nauvoo once more."Fullmer tried to cheer him by saying he thought he would have that privilege many times.

Again all was silent, and everybody apparently asleep.

But Joseph turned to Dan Jones and was heard to say:

"Are you afraid to die?"To which the one addressed said: "Has that time come think you?

Engaged in such a cause I do not think death would have many terrors."And then the Prophet said:

"You will yet see Wales"—his native land—"and fill the mission appointed you, before you die."So passed away the night preceeding the day, which saw enacted that tragedy, which robbed earth of two of the noblest men that ever lived upon it.

As the gory morning light struggled through the windows of Carthage jail, the prisoners and their friends awoke, and the Prophet required Dan Jones to go down stairs and enquire of the guard about the gun that was fired in the night, what the meaning of it was, etc.

Jones went accordingly, and found Frank Worrell in command of the guard, and the answer he received to his inquiry was this: "We have had too much trouble to get old Joe here to let him ever escape alive, and unless you want to die with him, you had better leave before sun down;

and you are not a d—n bit better than him for taking his part; and you'll see that I can prophecy better than old Joe, for neither he nor his brother, nor anyone who will remain with them, will see the sun set to-day."

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

This answer Jones related to Joseph, who told him to go to the governor at once and report the words of the guard.

On his way to the governor's quarters at the Hamilton House, Jones passed a crowd of men who were being addressed by a person unknown to him.

He paused long enough to hear these words:

"Our troops will be discharged this morning in obedience to orders, and, for a sham we will leave the town;

but when the governor and the McDonough troops have left for Nauvoo this forenoon, we will return and kill those men if we have to tear the jail down,"(applause.) These words and what the captain of the guard said were faithfully reported to Governor Ford;

in reply to which he said: "You are unnecessarily alarmed for the safety of your friends, sir; the people are not that cruel."

Angered at such an answer the following conversation occurred:

Jones.

"The Messrs Smith are American citizens, and have surrendered themselves to your excellency upon your pledging your honor for their safety;

they are also master Masons, and as such I demand of you the protection of their lives.

If you do not this, I have but one more desire, and that is, if you leave their lives in the hands of those men to be sacrificed Governor Ford.

"What is that, sir?"Jones.

"It is that the Almighty will preserve my life to a proper time and place, that I may testify that you have been timely warned of their danger."

The governor manifested some excitement during this conversation, turning pale at the Masonic warning Jones gave him.

The effect however was but momentary.

Jones returned to the jail after his conversation with the governor, but was denied admission.

He then returned to the governor to secure a pass; and arrived at the square just as that officer was disbanding the militia.

It is customary when the militia has been called together to assist in execution of the laws, or to suppress an insurrection, to dismiss the respective companies in charge of their several commanders to be marched home and there be disbanded.

But in this instance the governor disbanded all the troops, except the

Carthage Greys whom, it appears, he had selected to guard the jail, and the

McDonough troops who were to accompany him to Nauvoo.

Governor Ford himself represents that there were about twelve or thirteen hundred of the militia at Cathage and some five hundred at Warsaw.

As the disbanded militia left the square they acted in a boisterous manner, shouting that they would only go a short distance from town and then come back and kill old Joe and Hyrum as soon as the governor was far enough out of town.

Dan Jones called the attention of the governor to these threats but he ignored them.

I suppose these are the threats of which Governor Ford himself speaks in his history of these unfortunate events, when he says:

"I had heard of some threats being made, but none of an attack upon the prisoners whilst in jail.

These threats seemed to be made by individuals not acting in concert.

They were no more than the bluster which might have been expected, and furnished no indication of numbers combining for this or any other purpose."* It will be remembered that Governor

Ford expressed a determination to march with all his forces into Nauvoo, and Joseph having heard of this, in the interview at the jail before alluded to, expressed a desire to accompany him, and the governor promised him he should go.

This promise the governor failed to keep because a council of his officers convinced him that to take the Prophet with them to Nauvoo "would be highly inexpedient and dangerous."Indeed the whole plan of marching all his forces into Nauvoo was abandoned.

The expedition had been formed for the purpose of striking terror into the hearts of the citizens of Nauvoo, by a display of military force in their midst, and to satisfy the wishes of the anti-Mormons.

Speaking of this projected semi-invasion of Nauvoo and the preparation's made for the start, Governor Ford says:

* Ford's History of Illinois.

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

"I observed that some of the people became more and more* excited and inflammatory the further the preparations were advanced.

Occasional threats came to my ears of destroying the city and murdering or expelling the inhabitants.

"I had no objection to ease the terrors of the people by such a display of force, and was most anxious also to search for the alleged apparatus for making counterfeit money; and in fact to inquire into all the charges made against that people, if I could have been assured of my command against mutiny and insubordination.

But I gradually learned to my entire satisfaction that there was a plan to get the troops into Nauvoo, and there to begin the war, probably by some of our own party, or some of the seceding Mormons, taking advantage of the night to fire on our own force, and then lay it on the Mormons.

"I was satisfied that there were those amongst us fully capable of such an act, hoping that in the alarm, bustle and confusion of a militia camp, the truth could not be discovered, and that it might lead to the desired collision."*

Such are the reasons assigned by Governor Ford for abandoning his plan of marching all his forces into Nauvoo.

If he could persuade himself to believe that he had those under his command, who would resort to the means he himself alludes to in the foregoing, to bring about a collision with the citizens of Nauvoo; and that he was fearful that his whole command would mutiny when once in the city of the Saints, it is unfortunate for the fame of Governor Ford that his fears could not be aroused for the safety of his prisoners, who were left at the mercy of those same militia forces, of which he himself was distrustful, the only barrier between them and the fury of this mob-militia being a guard made up of their bitterest enemies.

To satisfy the Anti-Mormons the Governor told them he would take a small force with him and go in search of counterfeiting apparatus and would make a speech to the citizens of Nauvoo, detailing to them the consequences of any acts of violence on their part.

Enroute for Nauvoo, however, some of his officers expressed fears that the Smiths would *be killed, and the Governor informs us that he reduced his forces, leav- * Ford's History of Illinois.

ing part of his command on the way, and pushed with all speed for Nauvoo;

that he might make a speech to the people there and return to Carthage that night. Giving up the idea of remaining several days to search for counterfeiting apparatus and making enquiries into the charges against the Mormon people.

Leaving him to persue his jou/ney to Nauvoo, we return to note the events which took place at the jail.

Cyrus H. Wheelock when he visited Carthage jail in the morning, left the prisoners a six-shooting revolver, and John S. Fullmer, left with them a singlebarreled pistol.

Wheelock was then dispatched to Nauvoo to secure witnesses and documents for the expected trial on the charge of treason.

Before going, however, he went to Governor Ford, he leaving Carthage before the governor started, and expressed his fears for the safety of the prisoners.

He then started for Nauvoo with a heavy heart.

Dan Jones was sent to Quincy by the

Prophet with a letter to lawyer O. H.

Browning, applying for his professional services at the ensuing trial.

The letter was handed to Jones by A. W. Babbitt, the former not being allowed to enter the jail after leaving it in the morning.

The mob being informed by the guard of the letter, set up the cry that Joe Smith was sending an order by Jones to the Nauvoo legion to come and rescue him.

A crowd surrounded the fearless Welshman and demanded the letter which he refused to give up, some were in favor of forcing it from him, but there was a disagreement in the crowd about that, during which Jones mounted his horse and rode away.

Stephen Markham being seen on the streets in the afternoon, a number of Carthage Greys captured him, put him on his horse and forced him out of town at the point of the bayonet, notwithstanding he held a pass from the Governor to go in and out of the jail at pleasure.

This left but Elders Richards and Taylor with the Prophet and his brother in'the prison.

They passed the afternoon in pleasant cenversation,

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

reading and singing.

Elder Taylor sang a hymn entitled "A poor wayfaring man of grief."A peculiarly plantive piece of poetry, and admirably suited to their circumstances.* Late in the afternoon Mr. Stigall the jailor came in and suggested that they would be safer in the cells, Joseph told him they would go in after supper.

Turning to Elder Richards the Prophet said:

"If we go to the cell will you go in with us?"Elder Richards.

Brother Joseph, you did not ask me to cross the river with you (referring to the time when they crossed the Mississippi, enroute for the Rocky Mountains.)—You did not aSk me to come to Carthage—you did not ask me to come to jail with you—and do you think I would forsake you now?

But I will tell you what I will do;

if you are condemned to be hung for treason,

I will be hung in your stead, and you shall go free.

Joseph.

"But you cannot."Richards.

"I will though."This conversation took place a little after five o'clock, and very soon afterwards the attack was made on the jail.

It appears that a mob came from the direction of Warsaw that evidently had an understanding with the Carthage Greys, and the members of that company on guard at the jail, since the latter, without question, had but blank cartridges in their guns; and the attack was made under the very eyes of the rest of the company encamped but two or three hundred yards away on the public square, and they made no effort whatever to prevent it.

The guard at the jail played their part well. They fired blank shots at the advancing mob or discharged their pieces in the air.

They were "overpowered"(?), and the prison was in the hands of an infuriated mob.

A rush was made for the room where the prisoners were lodged, and a shower of lead was sent in through the door and the windows from those on the outside.

Three minutes after It will be found on page 254, L. D. S.

Hymn Book.

the attack was commenced, Hyrum Smith lay stretched out on the floor of the jail dead, Elder Taylor lay not far from him savagely wounded, the Prophet was lying dead by the side of the old wellcurb, just under the window from which he had attempted to leap,* the plighted

I think it proper here to insert in this footnote a more particular account of the tragedy which took place at Carthage jail for the information of our young people.

With a view that the most accurate information might be placed before them, I have taken the following from the statement made by Elder Willard Richards in the Times and Seasons.

"TWO MINUTES IN JAIL.

"A shower of musket balls was thrown up the stairway against the door of the prison in the second storey, followed by many rapid foot"steps.

"While Generals Joseph and Hyrum

Smith, Mr. Taylor and myself, who were in the front chamber, closed the door of our room against the entry at the head of the stairs, and placed ourselves against it, there being no lock on the door, and no catch that was unsealable.

"The door is a common panel, and as soon as we heard the feet at the stair's head, a ball was- sent through the door, which passed between us, and showed that our enemies were desperadoes and we must change our position.

"General Joseph Smith, Mr. Taylor and myself sprang back to the front part of the room.

General Hyrum Smith retreated two-thirds across the chamber directly in front of and facing the door.

A ball was sent through the door which hit Hyrum on the side of his nose, when he fell backwards, extending at full length without moving his feet.

From the holes in his vest (the day was warm and no one had their coats on but myself) pantaloons, drawers, and shirt, it appeared that a ball must have been thrown from without through the window, which entered the back of his right side, and passing through, lodged against his watch, which was in the right vest pocket, completely pulverizing the crystal and face, tearing off the hands and mashing the whole body of the watch.

At the same instant the ball from the door entered his nose.

"As he struck the floor he exclaimed emphatically, 'I am a dead man.'

Joseph looked towards him and responded, 'Oh dear! Brother

Hyrtun,'and opening the door two or three inches with his left hand, discharged one barrel of a six-shooter (the pistol left him by C. H.

Wheelock) at random in the entry, from whence

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

faith of a State was broken, its honor trailed in the dust, and a stain of innocent blood affixed to its escutcheon which shall remain a disgrace forever.

There was no further attack on the jail. When it was known that the Prophet was killed, consternation seemed to seize the mob and they fled, for the most part, in the direction of Warsaw, in the utmost confusion.

Such wild confusion reigned in Carthage that it was nearly midnight before Elder Richards could obtain any help or refreshments for Elder

Taylor.

He was at last taken to the Hamilton House and his wounds dressed;

the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum were also taken to the same place and laid out.

Meantime Governor Ford had gone to

Nauvoo, where he arrived some time in the afternoon.

Several thousand assembled to hear his speech, that he went there to deliver; and he insulted them, by assuming that all their* worst enemies had said of them was true, and a ball grazed Hyrum's breast, and entering his throat passed into his head, while other muskets were aimed at him as some balls hit him.

"Joseph continued snapping his revolver round the casing of the door into the space as before, three barrels of which missed fire, while Mr. Taylor with a walking stick stood by his side and knocked down the bayonets and muskets, which were constantly discharging through the doorway, while I stood by him ready to lend any assistance, with another stick, but could not come within striking distance without going directly in front of the muzzles of the guns.

"When the revolver failed, we had no more firearms, and expected an immediate rush of the mob, and the doorway full of muskets, half way in the room, and no hope but instant death from within.

Mr. Taylor rushed into the window, which is some fifteen or twenty feet from the ground.

When his body was nearly on a balance, a ball from the door within entered his leg, and a ball from without struck his watch, a patent lever, in his vest pocket near his left breast, and smashed it into 'pie,'leaving the hands standing at five o'clock, sixteen minutes, and twenty-six seconds, the force of which ball threw him back on the floor, and he rolled under the bed which stood by his side, where he lay motionless, the mob continuing to fire upon him, cutting away a piece of flesh from his left threatened them with most dire calamities.

He himself says the people manifested some impatience and anger when he referred to these things; and well they might, for baser falsehoods were never put in circulation to slander a people.

The governor was invited to stay all night, but he refused and left the city about 6:30 in the evening for Carthage, his escort riding full speed up main street and performing the sword exercise, passed the temple, and so left the city.

Three miles out he met George D.

Grant and David Bettisworth, riding into

Nauvoo with the sad news of the death of the Prophet.

The governor took them back with him to Grant's house, one and one half miles east of Carthage, that the news might not reach Nauvoo until he had time to have the county records removed from the court house, and warn the people of Carthage to flee, as he expected an immediate attack from the Nauvoo Legion, and that the whole country would be laid waste.

hip as large as a man's hand, and were hindered only by my knocking down their muzzles with a stick; while they continued to reach their guns into the room, probably left handed, and aimed their discharge so far round as almost to reach us in the corner of the room to where we retreated and dodged, and there I commenced the attack with my stick.

"Joseph attempted as a last resort to leap the same window from which Mr.

Taylor fell, when two balls pierced him from the door, and one entered his right breast from without, and he fell outward, exclaiming, 'O Lord, my God!'As his feet went out of the window my head went in, the balls whistling all round.

He fell on his left side a dead man.

At this instant the cry was raised:

'He's leaped the window'and the mob on the stairs and in the entry ran out.

"I withdrew from the window, thinking it no use to leap out on a hundred bayonets, then round General Smith's body.

Not satisfied with this, I again reached my head out of the window, and watched some seconds to see if there were any signs of life, regardless of my own, determined to see the end of him I loved.

Being fully satisfied that he was dead, with a hundred men near his body and more coming round the corner of the jail, and expecting a return to our room, I rushed toward the prison door at the head of the stairs, and through the

THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

After being taken back to Carthage

George D. Grant mounted another horse and rode that night with the news to Nauvoo.

On the arrival of Governor Ford the following note was addressed to Mrs Emma Smith and Major-General Dunham of the Nauvoo Legion, dated Midnight, Hamilton House, Carthage.

The governor has just arrived; says all things shall be inquired into, and all right measures taken.

I say to all citizens of Nauvoo—My brethren be still, and know that God reigns.

Don't rush out of the city—don't rush to Carthage—stay at home and be prepared for an attack from

Missouri mobbers.

The governor will render every assistance possible—has sent orders for troops.

Joseph and Hyrum are dead, will prepare to move the bodies as soon as possible.

The people of the county are greatly excited, and fear the Mormons will come out and take vengeance.

I have pledged my word the Mormons will stay at home as soon as they can be informed, and no violence will be on their part, and say to my brethren in Nauvoo, in the name entry from whence the firing had proceeded, to learn if the doors into the prison were open.

When near the entry Mr.

Taylor cried out 'take me/'I pressed my way until I found all doors unbarred, returning instantly, caught Mr.

Taylor under my arm, and rushed up the stairs into the dungeon, or inner prison, stretched him on the floor and covered him with a bed in such a manner as not likely to be perceived, expecting an immediate return of the mob.

I said to Mr. Taylor:

'This is a hard case to lay you on the floor, but if your wounds are not fatal, I want you to live to tell the story.'

I expected to be shot the next moment, and stood before the doors awaiting the onset.

"Willard Richards."The reader is aware that it is said that after Joseph fell by the well-curb under the window from which he attempted to leap, he was set up against that curb and Colonel Levi Williams ordered four men to fire at him, which they did.

It is then said that a ruffian bareheaded and barefooted, his pantaloons rolled up above his knees and "his shirtsleeves above his elbows, approached the dead Prophet bowie-knife in hand with the intention it is supposed of severing the head from the body.

He had raised his hand to strike, when a light so sudden and powerful flashed upon the bloody scene that the mob was terror stricken.

The arm of the would-be mutiof the Lord, be still; be patient, only let such friends as choose come here to see the bodies.

Mr. Taylor's wounds are dressed, and not serious.

I am sound.

Willard Richards.

After the note was prepared, the governor wrote an order to the people of

Nauvoo to defend themselves, and then about one o'clock in the morning went out on the public square and advised all present to disperse, as he expected the

Mormons would be so exasperated that they would burn the town.

Upon this the people of Carthage fled in all directions, and the governor and his posse took flight in the direction of Quincy.

The next day the bodies of the murdered men were taken to Nauvoo. About one mile east of the Temple, on Mullholland street, they were met by the people in solemn procession, under the direction of the city marshal.

Neither tongue nor pen can ever describe the scene of sorrow and lamentation which was there beheld.

The love of these men for the Saints was unbounded, and lator of the dead fell powerless at his side, the four muskets of those who fired at him fell to the ground, while their owners stood like marble statues unable to move, or join their companions in the hurried and confused retreat they were then making, and Colonel Williams had to call upon some of the retreating mob to carry them away.

The history is based upon the statements of Wm. M. Daniels,—Blackenberry and a Miss Graham, but how far their statements are correct I have no means of judging.

When at Carthage I became acquainted with W. R. Hamilton, son of the Mr. Hamilton who kept the Hamilton House, referred to several times in these pages, and who just previous to the murder of the Prophet and his brother had been enrolled as a member of the company of Carthage Grays.

At the time of attack on the jail he was on the public square and at once ran in the direction of the jail and in full view of it all the time.

He saw the Prophet appear at the window and half leap and half fall out of it.

After which the mob fled precipitously.

According to his statement there was no such an occurrence as setting the body against the well, etc.

He claims to have been about the first who went to the body of the murdered man, and afterwards rendered some assistance in removing Elder

Taylor and the bodies to his father's house.

B. H. R.

4io THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO.

it had begotten in the people an affection for them that was equally dear and unselfish.

They lived in the hearts of the Saints, and thousands would have laid down their lives willingly to have saved theirs.

With their beloved and trusted leaders thus brutally snatched from them, under such circumstances of cruelty and official treachery, imagine if you can, the mingled feelings of sorrow and righteous indignation that struggled in every heart, and sought expression.

Arriving at the Mansion the bodies were taken into it to be prepared for burial; and Elder Willard Richards and others addressed some eight or ten thousand of the people in the open air. The Saints were advised to keep peace.

Elder Richards stated that he had pledged his honor and his life for their conduct.

When the multitude heard that, notwithstanding the sense of outraged justice under which they labored, and this cruel invasion of the rights of liberty and life—in the very midst of their grief and excitement, with the means in their right hands to wreak a terrible vengeance, they voted to a man to trust to the Law to deal with these assassins, and if that failed them, they would call upon God to avenge them of their wrongs!

History records few actions so sublime as this;

and it stands to this day a testimony of the devotion of the

Latter-day Saints to law and order, the like of which is not paralleled in the history of our country, if in the world.

The people were now as sheep without a shepherd.

They had never met, nor had they contemplated such a crisis.

The Twelve, for the most part, were scattered throughout the States on missions, and their enemies abated none of their hatred nor their fury towards them.

It was a general time of anxiety and depression.

The Twelve were sent for, but before their arrival, Sydney Rigdon came in from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on the second of August, and by a series of underhanded movements, sought to be appointed leader of the Church.

He did not ask to be appointed President of the Church, but he insisted on being appointed a Guardian.

The Saints, however, appeared not inclined to accept him; but in accordance with the suggestion of the members of the quorum of Apostles, wished to wait for the arrival of the rest of the Apostles.

On Sunday, the fourth day of August,

Rigdon preached to the people from the stand, and urged his claims, saying that he had received a vision in Pittsburgh.in which he had been shown, in vision, that he was to build up the Church to Joseph, etc.

A meeting was appointed at his request by William Marks, president of the Stake, to meet on the eighth, to choose a Guardian for the Church.

In the meantime the Apostles arrived home and attended Rigdon's meeting on the morning of the eighth, and listened to his address on the appointment of a Guardian; and then Apostle Brigham Young appointed a meeting for the afternoon.

The several quorums of the Priesthood were arranged in order, and the people turned out en-masse.

Brigham Young addressed them, setting forth the claims of the quorum of Apostles as the leaders of the Church.

It was on this occasion that President Young was transformed into the likeness of Joseph Smith.

In him was the voice, the manner, in a word, the authority of Joseph.

The Saints rejoiced.

They were no longer without a leader; they again heard the voice of the good shepherd and they knew it.

Sydney Rigdon was rejected, and the quorum of Apostles was unanimously sustained as the presiding authority of the Church.

About the same time there was considerable excitement in Hancock county, since the mob party were determined to elect officers who would screen the murderers of the Prophets.

The Saints were equally determined to vote for those whom they believed would sustain law and order; and the following *vere put forward as candidates and elected: M.

R. Deming, sheriff; D. H. Wells, coroner; George Coulson, commissioner;

J.

B. Backenstos and A. W. Babbitt, representatives.

At the October term of the circuit

COLOR OF THE SEA.

court, indictments for the murder of Joseph and Hyrum Smith were made out by the grand jury for nine persons, viz: Levi Williams, Jacob C. Davis, Mark

Aldrich, Thomas C.

Sharp, William Voras, John Wills, William N.

Grover, Gallagher and Allen.

Hearing of the indictments, the prisoners came forward and demanded an immediate hearing, but the prosecution not being ready, the hearing was postponed until the next term of court.

This occurred in the month of May, 1845.

The case was called on the nineteenth.

Richard M.

Young, judge; Joseph H.

Ralston, prosecuting attorney; David E.

Head, clerk; R. H. Deming, clerk.

The regular panel of jurymen was set aside on motion of defendants'counsel, because of supposed prejudice of. the officers who had chosen them; and elisors chosen to empanal a jury for the case.

The elisors selected were, Thos.

H.

Owen and William D. Abenethy.

Ninetysix men were brought into court before the required twelve could be secured.

The trial lasted until the thirtieth day of May, and after the jury had been out several hours a verdict of not guilty was returned.

Colonel John Hay wrote an article on this subject, in the At/antic Monthly for

December, 1869.

He was a boy at the time of the trial, but he was within reach of sources of correct information, and of the trial he said "The case was closed.

There was not a man on the jury, in the court, in the county, that did not know the defendants had done the murder.

But it was not proven, and the verdict of not guilty was right in law.

The elisors presented ninety-six men before twelve were found ignorant enough, and indifferent enough to act as jurors."The fact is, the trial amounted to nothing more than a farce.

The law had been outraged, the honor of the State betrayed, her plighted faith was shamefully broken, and there was not virtue enough in the people to demand its vindication.

B. H. Roberts.

Young man, strive to fit the place in which you find yourself.

COLOR OF THE SEA.

Spurzheim undertook to map out the interior contents of the human head, and thus to assist in arriving at a diagnosis and analysis of mental phenomena and a better knowledge of that complex mystery called the intellect.

Lavater, by a study of the surface expressions of the human countenance, endeavored to add to our limited powers for reading character and distinguishing the passions; and hundreds of no less noted scientists and metaphysicians have devoted their lives to the elucidation of the baffling nature of man, composed of the trinity of heart, intellect, and soul, and tracing out the laws by which it exists and acts.

But does it ever occur to those Who revel in the multitudinous phases of the sea that, in its rolling, endless, but seemingly soulless and lifeless depths, we have a visible, physical type of man?

Those restless, often unfathomable waters, full of beauty, sublimity, and tragedy, now soothing, now raging and treacherous, sublime in their capacities of power, surprising in their unexpected and relentless fury, attracting by their coquetry, and passion, and the fascinations of boundless mystery, infinite in the variety and novelty of their phenomena, and evermore suggesting eternity—what are all these manifestations but reflections of man made in the image of God, whose powers are wonderful and infinitely various as those of the sea, and whose heritage is immortality?

How few there are who realize that the ocean is aught else than a raging mass of weltering waves lashed by storms, to be regarded only with dread, and avoided with aversion!

How many gain from it but one or two one-sided impressions!

To one the sea is always blue;

somehow that idea early fixed

COLOR OF THE SEA.

itself in his mind, and he has never cared to observe further, and revise a first partial impression. To another it always looks green.

Nothing more fairly indicates the exceedingly limited habits of observation of the average mind, in matters out of its beat, than the excessively meagre notions which many have of the sea, even after repeated familiarity with it, as in the case of those who cannot plead the excuse of sea-sickness for their ignorance.

How few there are who fully appreciate the matchless suggestiveness of that

Homeric passage—"The innumerable smiles of the many-voiced sea!"

That line only touches on the countless aspects of ocean, and yet it is the finest definition of the sea in the whole range of literature.

Take, for example, the question of color alluded to above: the sea is like a vast kaleidoscope representing in many combinations all the colors of the rainbow;

it is not impossible to imagine that if one were at a sufficient height above the sea, and endowed with the condor's keenness of vision, the round disc of the sea might at once present all these hues to him as in a kaleidoscope; as things are, however, it is not often one sees more than two or three tints at once, except during a sunset of unusual magnificence, when the reflections are very varied.

I remember a sunset during a calm preceding a storm, when the sky was festooned with the pomp and splendor of every variety of cloud; the hues and cloud-forms were nearly equally divided from zenith to horizon in four distinct types of form and color, and the corresponding reflections on the sullen swell of the sea were awful in their dread and varied magnificence.

But, if such scenes are rare, it is not at all uncommon to see the ocean a deep purple toward one-half of the horizon, and dark viridian green in the opposite direction, especially toward evening or at early morning, and this regardless of reflections, at a time when the surface is so broken as to be filled with local color.

And, after all, it is the local color more than the reflections, which is meant when we speak of the color of water, although in an artistic sense, both have a significance.

At sea the color is not only a form of beauty conveying pleasure to the mind, but also has a use, like everything beautiful in Nature.

As a rule, light green indicates shoal water, the lighter the tint the more shallow the depth.

The local color is ascertainable by looking down rather than on the surface.

Darkblue water is a sign of great depth—"off soundings,"as goes the technical phrase.

But, if one looks at blue water at a distance, it is then found to be a very dark green when analyzed and separated from the reflections, which it is sometimes very difficult to do, especially in gray, lowering weather, when the sea is found to give the impression of a sort of leaden purple-gray.

But, after a very careful observation through a long, narrow tube, in order that no conflicting rays of light might disturb the vision, I am convinced that, even in the deepest water, the basal color is some tint of green.

In the Bahamas, and among coralislands in general, where the. bottom is a white sand and the water of little depth, it is found to be of the most brilliant, exquisite green, ranging from emerald to the lightest tints of malachite.

It is impossible to overstate the vividness of the colors in those waters, and almost as impossible to try to reproduce them on canvas;

for, to one who has never seen them, the artist so daring as to reproduce those colors would be considered stark mad.

The red is scarcely less vivid in the West Indies waters, being the complementary color of green, and, wherever a rock near the surface or a cloud-shadow obscures the green tint, red is immediately produced, and even the cloudless sky at mid-day is also a soft rose color.

By this means the sponge fishermen and wreckers are able to navigate their sloops about through the most intricate reefs, which are indicated by purple patches as clearly as on a chart.

The Bermudas and the Gulf of Mexico present similar colors, but with less vividness.

About Madeira the sea when over ten

TRAITORS.

fathoms is like molten turquoise, lovely beyond description, not only in the seacaves, as in the famous Blue Grotto of Capri, but outside.

The fish swimming in it seem to be transparent blue, and the keel of a ship, seen with perfect distinctness, is like a solid mass of translucent cobalt.

The color of the water in the tropics seems to be shared also by the fish of those regions.

The blue fish, quite different from the fish of that name on the

New England coast, looks as if carved out of ultramarine touched with burned sienna in parts, and the mouth fringed with carnation-tinted coral.

The parrot fish is of a scarlet as vivid as that of the birds in the forests of the neighboring shores; the mullet is brilliant brown and gold.

In northern waters, on the contrary, we have the cod, clad quaker-gray, and the haddock, which still bears on its head the mark of St. Peter's holy thumb when he squeezed a piece of silver out of its mouth, wears a livery the color of the roaring surges which overwhelm our fishermen on the Georges and the Grand Banks.

The Red Sea is so called for a certain tawny tinge of its waters, caused by vegetable matter, as well as for the red coral on its coast, but why the Black Sea should have that epithet it is difficult to say, unless on account of the scowling, thunderous appearance it presents in winter, when it is swept by disastrous storms.

The Sea on the southern coast of England is a peculiar light gray-green caused by the chalk cliffs which are being constantly eroded and washed away by the ocean billows.

A very striking instance of water colored in this way is seen in Northumberland Strait, Gulf of St. Lawrence, especially after a storm.

The soft, reddish shores of Prince Edward's Island are eaten away and absorbed by the sea, which thus assumes a rich coffee color, very vivid, and, when glistening in the sun, and tinged here and there with reflections of the blue overhead, extraordinarily rich intone, and strongly resembling polished syenite.

It is well known that the Amazon dyes the sea for hundreds of miles beyond the land with the ochretinted silt it washes down from the pampas and the far off mountains of Peru.

When deep water is not bluish, it indicates that it holds some solid matter in suspension, as in the Pacific, where vast patches of red, brown, or light gray are often seen, which are found to contain animalcula of such colors.

Spaces of unknown limit are sometimes found which owe their white tint to phosphorescent organisms.

The most remarkable of the insects which lend brilliance to the midnight wave is sometimes nearly an inch long, and when flung on deck bursts into a glow like the white heat of a living coal.

Benjamin.

Extraordinary afflictions are not always the punishment of extraordinary sins, but sometimes the trials of extraordinary graces.

-Matthew Henry.

TRAITORS.

A brilliant general fell into disgrace with his military superiors and with the civil government of his country.

He was impetuous and impatient of restraint.

He was proud even to arrogance;

he was extravagant even to the furthest limit of honesty.

Other men had been advanced to higher posts—he felt himself degraded.

His disbursements upon one of his heroic expeditions were still unsettled—he felt himself defrauded.

A tyrant foe invested his country and sought to subjugate her people.

He listened to the voice of ignoble avarice, of proud passion, of offended arrogance.

With deliberate humiliation he sought a place of vast trust among the defenders of his country.

He was appointed to the command of a great river fortress the key to the interior, the storage house of munitions dearly bought, highly

4 i4 TRAITORS.

prized and absolutely necessary for the repulse of the invaders.

He sold his rank, his honor and his interest in his native land.

Just'at the hour when his bargain was to be decided, his old friend and admirer, the noble commander-inchief, said to him:

"My dear Arnold, I am now forming my army for active operations in the field.

I want a fighting general.

Come, I offer you the command of the left wing, at once the post of danger and of honor."The traitor's face flushed with shame.

He pleaded an old wound as reason why he should not go into the battle-field.

Then he went to meet Andre and give the last assurance to his British masters that he was theirs, body and soul.

By the interposition of America's sublime destiny his plot was discovered and foiled.

Arnold, the traitor, crept away to escape a betrayer's death.

He received his British uniform, his British gold, his British sword.

He even came back with his mercenary horde to ravage, burn, destroy the little town in Connecticut where first he saw the light.

Years later, the great Frenchman, Talleyrand met a distinguished-looking man at a country inn.

The two gentlemen were total strangers to each other;

but they soon engaged in conversation upon the great question of Democracy.

When they were about to part, Talleyrand said to his companion:

"From your knowledge of all that relates to the United States, I am sure that you must be an American; my name is Talleyrand, and I am about to visit that country; perhaps you will be kind enough to give me letters of introduction to some of your friends there."

When the illustrious diplomat had finished his request, the other gentleman bowed low; and when he looked up, his face, even his lips, were gray as ashes.

In a voice which sounded weird and cheerless as the moan of a November wind across a deserted marsh, he answered:

"Yes I am an American.

I was born in America.

I have spent nearly all my life there.

But I am probably the only American living who can say, 'I have not one friend in my native land.'No, not one.

Sir, I am Benedict Arnold."Talleyrand turned away from Arnold with a shudder, while the miserable traitor crept silently from the room.

When the unhappy wretch was dying in the midst of contempt and poverty he grew delirious.

At the last moment of his ruined life he called to the devoted wife who had been the sharer of all his woe:

"Bring to me, I beg of you, the epaulettes and sword knots which Washington gave me.

Let me die in my old American uniform, the uniform in which

I fought my battles.

May my God forgive me for ever having worn any other!"The greatest army which the world ever saw was gathered at Thermopylae more than two thousand years ago.

This was the Persian host assembled to do battle to the little band of Spartans.

So intrepidly did the Greeks defend that sacred defile which gave entrance to their beloved land, that Xerxes lost all hope of forcing his way through the Spartan ranks.

This was the moment for the traitor.

Before the proud Xerxes could withdraw his myriads, the betrayer came—a Greek, a native of the sublime country.

With servile words he flung himself at the feet of the gorgeous Persian. He offered to lead the invaders to an eminence overlooking the heroic'defenders of Greece.

His coward wish was granted;

and when the next morning dawned, Leonidas and his followers saw the spears and helmets of their foes flashing at them from the heights.

The rest is the most sublime tragedy of profane history.

And the traitor who betrayed the noblest souls of Greece to their death received his gold and precious stones.

He might have died in the honest obscurity in which he was born and reared, but for his"coward act.

Ah! such notoriety is purchased at too high a price.

It would be better for a man to stand modestly and firmly before his country's foe; to fall unrecognized

TRAITORS.

and without praise; to fill a grave o\*er which the words shall stand cut into ineffaceable granite, "An unknown soldier, who died in defense of his country.".

Ah, yes! far better thus to fall and fill an unknown grave—to be unremembered forevermore of men—than to win a name of infamy, to fill the pages of history and be recollected of all humankind while men shall hate a traitor.

A prophet of Almighty God came in the full sunlight of this great nineteenth century to lead men back to the glory of their Creator.

His open enemies sought his life; but for years their murderous effort was in vain. He continued his sacred ministry upon the earth with a power which was divine, until the hour for the traitorous kiss.

When Bennett sinned and then through hate betrayed, the shadows of martyrdom began closing around our grand prophet and patriarch.

When the Laws and the Higbees, the Fosters and the Cowles, became traitors, and gave their efforts to aid the assassin persecutors of their sworn brother and leader, then, indeed, was the fate of Joseph and Hyrum sealed.

A governor of a sovereign State betrayed them to a cruel death, and Carthage repeated the divine tragedy of Calvary.

The prophet and patriarch have passed to their glorious immortality;

their names shall fill a thousand hymns of praise on earth and welcome in the heavens.

But the traitors—miserable reptiles—will be scorned through countless ages.

It is always the same—prince or peasant—apostle or soldier—if a man be a traitor he is remembered for that and nothing more.

If his station be lowly, he will seek.in vain to hide his shame in his native obscurity;

for it will burst forth in lurid, bloody letters to the sight of all the ages that shall come.

If his station be exalted, he may try and try again, but vainly, to cover his treason with the glory of his rank or wealth;

for it will blacken all his brilliance and leave his place a plague spot;

his fame, a grinning skeleton of despair;

his career, an undying infamy.

But whatever may be the varied circumstances and results attending the wretched lives of traitors, there is this lesson which all humanity may draw:

Successful or unsuccessful in their treason, betrayers are always execrated; successful or unsuccessful in their treason, they always live long enough to repent;

successful or unsuccessful in their treason, they may never in this life know a waking moment when their own coward fears do not make them doubt the fidelity of every soul about them; successful or unsuccessful in their earthly treason, when they shall stand in that other world face to face with their friends, they will know that the blackest of all offenders are cowardly, assassin traitors.

At that great day Judas Iscariot will not be the only traitor to cry:

"It had been good for me that I had not been born!"Every crisis at every period and with every nation exposes traitors just as it exalts to view patriots.

This Church has seen, at every critical point of its career, the betrayer as well as the savior springing to the front. The present emergency with the people of Utah is no exception to this rule.

Just as there are men sacrificing comfort and earthly prosperity to the cause, and men who are willing to give life itself to defend God's work from the attacks of its enemies; so there are people who will sell their own sacred heritage and the freedom of the community, for wealth, popularity or personal safety.

And more than this—the people are surrounded by men placed here to represent the government who are false to every trust, and whose opposition can be estimated in dollars or coerced by bigotry.

We have some traitors to ourselves within our homes; we have more traitors to truth and justice outside our walls.

Less than two thousand years ago the great Roman republic was at the zenith of its power.

Some of the free and enterprising citizens of that mighty land emigrated into the cold, mountainous regions of the north, and established a colony which they called Beville, They set up the Roman standard, and claimed the territory in the name of their country.

4i6 TRAITORS.

After overcoming untold difficulties, they sent messages to Rome asking for recognition; and saying that, inasmuch as they had given a grand, rich domain to their beloved motherland,"they should be placed upon an equal footing with their free-born fellow-citizens.

But the politicians at Rome would not listen to this request, and Beville was kept in the vassalage of a conquered province.

All the governors, judges and many of the local officers were sent from some other part of the republic;

and they treated the people of Beville with the most dreadful severity, while they dispatched to Rome the most vicious and cruelly false reports concerning the honest citizens of the province or colony unto which they had been sent to govern and to judge.

Many of them were most contemptible knaves and traitors.

They once had a governor who traitorously violated his oath to give a certificate of election to a man who had one vote in a dozen, and whose only claim to consideration was ljis wealth and willingness to make loans on desperate political titles; a governor who deprived a good public unsectarian university of its needed support, and then declared that the people of Beville opposed education;

a governor who broke his plighted word in order that he might leave upon the fair land the espionage of an unjust and unaccountable commission; a governor who basely betrayed the consul that maintained him in office by saying with egotism, which is bleached white with concentrated lye:

"I wrote all of such and such portions of the consul's message;"a governor who was called a thief upon the floor of the Senate; a governor who had a list of wildcat, highway-robbery mining stocks which bore his name and title—all for sale under the glare and glamour of his civil position; a governor whose brains were rattling chestnuts, whose heart was infinitessimal, bearing proof that a single atom can exist, and whose beauty—his only virtue—was that of the painted harlot and the whitened sepulchre.

Then they had one judge, a man wfco should now be where Deacon

Bitters was supposed to be years ago measuring sulphur to mak eorthodox hellfire; a judge whose class-meeting morality was so dreadfully shocked by an advocate's grand conduct that the advocate was disbarred from practice because he refused to cast off and make a wanderer of the wife who had loved and honored him, and who had borne him sweet, confiding children; a judge who could then send lechers forth from his court crowned with bay and laurel, and bearing their edicts of license in their hands; a judge who practically said to the libertine: "Go your way rejoicing.

Prey upon virtue without stint.

Bring ruin into your own home and then spread disease and deadly desolation wherever else you can gain an entrance.

You are free to come and go.

My thunderbolts of justice, forged at the fire of fanaticism and fanned by the wind of protection for my own son, all these shafts are for our over-scrupulous opponents, the people of Beville;"a judge whose brains were honeycombed with the devious turnings of treacherous thoughts, whose heart was an icicle, and whose alleged moral desire—his only virtue—was the great enfolding cloak, which could cover every prostitute and paramour in the land.

They had another judge;

a creature whose miserable physical appearance was but the photograph of the horrid, ugly soul within; a judge who was willing to slay women and children, and to tread over their corpses to gain his nomination; a judge who became known within one brief year as an infamous wretch, who practiced cruelty with most

Satanic ingenuity; a judge -whose brain was a tape-worm lie, with five hundred self-sustaining and specie-propagating joints;

whose heart was a pain in his stomach caused by a vacuum, and whose ability to sermonize, his only virtue, was an adulterous union of vanity and falsehood.

These men Were all traitors—traitors to God, to their country and to the parents who vainly tried to endow them with manhood.

But to-day we in Utah have a few trai-

POKAHONTAS.

tors a little nearer home.

There are men who say:

"I once lived the cause well enougll to die for it; but now I hate the work and the people, because a leading man once did me an injury.

I will become an informer."There are still others—the careless traitors—the men and women who cover their thoughtless treason with a joke, and clothe unmeant betrayal with a smile.

These are the people who learn the sacred secrets of a friend, a brother, and then tattle the forbidden words here, there and everywhere.

And when the careless gossip reaches the e^rs of our persecutors—as it does all too often—it becomes, not friendly joking, but a stern, almost tragic accusation.

And when the victim is brought to sad disaster, the very people who have helped the wicked betrayal are among the first to say:

'!I am not surprised that he should come to grief;

he is so careless.

The great wonder is that it did not happen before, because'everybody has been talking about his affairs."Ah! to-day we see Delilah who betrays her husband;

and Absalom, who is traitorous to his father; and Judas, who would betray his master for gold or popular approval; the Arnold who says, "It is a losing cause, and I may as well desert while there is yet time."

Yes there are cowards and traitors in the land.

Well let there be, then, since such are necessary to make the sum of human existence—let them live as hyenas do.

Grand Harry the Fifth, of England superb, glorious Harry—stood once upon the shore of France with his little band of soldiers to face the countless legions of his hereditary foe. He heard a.

murmur as of fear; and turning to his nobles he looked at them from flashing eyes and spoke these very significant words:

"He which hath no stomach to this fight, Let him depart, his passport shall be made,

And crowns for convoy put into his purse:

We would not die in that man's company,

That fears his fellowship to die with us.

I speak not this as doubting any here!

For, did I but suspect a fearful man, He should have leave to go away betimes;

Lest, in our need, he might infect another,

And make him of like spirit to himself.

If any such be here, as God forbid!

Let him depart before we need his help.

Ben. E. Rich.

You can't hold up your head when a high wind compels you to hold down your hat with both hands.

POKAHONTAS.

It may interest many persons, who share the newly awakened interest in American history, to read a brief and candid statement of the actual truth about Pokahontas.

The subject is not at all trite, as may be supposed by the general reader, though the single incident of the preservation of Captain Smith's life is a well worn legend.

This romantic incident has naturally excited interest and sympathy, but it is not the most interesting event in the life of Pokahontas.

What is apt to arouse a more intelligent curiosity is the question of her real character and her real relations with Smith, which had a very important bearing upon the history of Virginia, and therefore of the United States, as the settlement of Virginia was the first step in our history.

Pokahontas was the daughter of Powhatan, chief of the Indian tribes in tidewater Virginia, and was born about 1595, as Smith states that at the end of 1607 she was twelve or thirteen.

He made her acquaintance as a result of his capture on the Chickahominy river, the savages taking him first as far as the Potomac and bringing him back to Powhatap's "chief place of council"on York river, not far from the present site of Yorktown.

As Smith only was captured, all that then occurred rests on his own statements; and what he stated was, that the

POKAHONTAS.

Indians were about to dash out his brains, when Pokahontas ran to him, and taking his head in her arms, begged Powhatan to spare him.

To this the Indian chief consented, and Smith remained with the

Indians for a time, making toys and bead trinkets for the child.

Powhatan apparently conceived the idea of making a friend of him, as he offered him a tract of land if he would come to"live with him; and finally consented to his return to Jamestown.

Pokahontas having thus made her entrance upon the scene, frequently reappears from that time forward, for about two years, and, after an intermission, more prominently still.

The settlers were suffering greatly for food, owing to their improvidence and the incapacity of their rulers.

This fact coming to the knowledge of Pokahontas, who lived about fourteen miles distant only, she appeared at Jamestown, with a party of Indians, carrying baskets of corn, and venison probably, on their shoulders, a succor so important that a contemporary writer, who was present, declares that it preserved the lives of many about to die of famine.

Pokahontas afterwards came back every four or five days, accompanied by an escort of Indians, bringing food, it seems, as before; and Smith's subsequent statement in London was, that without this food, and that supplied afterwards, the Virginia settlement would have been abandoned.

These facts appear to be well established by the published testimony of persons then at Jamestown, and raise the interesting question, What induced the Indian girl thus persistently to aid them?

It is necessary to conclude that she assisted the strangers and enemies of her own people, either from her native goodness of heart, and sympathy for them in their distress and suffering, or from a personal interest in Smith.

The first explanation is credible from a general view of her character; but the second is apt to suggest itself, after a consideration of all the facts, as the more probable. Many passages in the uncouth records seem to indicate that peculiar relations existed between them—on his part of gratitude, and on her own of a feeling much more romantic.

One of the incidents of the time was Smith's release of some Indian thieves at her request, "for her sake only,"and the expressions employed long afterwards by Pokahontas in London, seem to leave little doubt in reference to her own feelings.

The general conception of Pokahontas is so vague and undefined, that it is desirable to ascertain the precise particulars recorded of her.

Her courage, tenderness and devotion have never been denied.

What was she personally?

From the reports of her contemporaries we derive these* traits relating to her.

Her face was attractive, to an extent at least, "exceeding any of the rest"of the Indian girls.

As Smith adds that she had "a great spirit, hoivever her stature,"her figure was probably slight; beyond which there is no more testimony, except that the English courtiers declared her to be "well favored."The stiff portrait taken of her in London determines little, except that her face was pleasant.

Her manners were characterized as graceful and full of dignity by the English writers, who said that she carried herself "as the daughter of a king."Leaving for the moment the detail of events, let us consider the personnel of Smith.

He was at this time twentyeight, and seems, from his portrait, to have been gallant and handsome.

His manners are said to have been mild and cordial, though his temper was irascible;

and the circumstances of his first acquaintance with Pokahontas on the York were well calculated to excite a romantic interest in him.

Nothing was more probable than that such an interest should have been avowed in Pokahontas.

The question is, whether the records contain any evidence on the subject, or any statements pointing to the inference that she became romantically attached to him.

We have only the assurance that he might have married her but setting that aside as a vague statement of uncertain meaning, there are several known incidents that carry a strong moral evidence with them.

To understand the bearing of these

POKAHONTAS.

incidents, it is necessary to look to the dates.

The capture of Smith took place in December, 1607; he was permitted to return to Jamestown in January; and it was throughout the winter and the spring of 1608 that Pokahontas proved herself the guardian angel of the starving colonists by bringing them food.

Nothing is said of her relations with Smith during this period, but they must necessarily have seen a great deal of each other; and in the winter of the same year Pokahontas exhibited an unmistakable interest in his welfare.

The colony was again famine-stricken, and Smith sailed to the York, with an armed party, to trade for corn.

But Powhatan was unwilling to trade, laid a trap for the destruction of the English, and nothing saved them but the courage and devotion of Pokahontas.

She came alone through the darkness and cold of the winter night, to warn Smith that he was about to be attacked; and when he offered her some coveted trinket to show his gratitude, she refused it with tears in her eyes, telling him that Powhatan would kill her if he saw her wearing it.

The result of this brave act was, that Smith and his men were found ready, and the attack was not made, an attack which he afterwards stated would have ended in his destruction.

In the next year, 1609, Smith was painfully wounded, overthrown by the faction opposed to him, and sailed in September for England, after which Pokahontas never returned of her own will to Jamestown.

As she had constantly visited the English before that time, her absence after Smith's departure must have excited the surprise of the colonists;

and it was only many years later that events occurred that seemed to point to the true explanation.

Three or four years afterwards, Argale, an English captain, was sent up the Chesapeake to trade for corn, and was informed by an Indian chief, wfcom he visited on the Potomac, that Pokahontas was with him.

As nothing had been heard of her for a long time, it was probable she had gone thither to live, the inference seeming fair that she was no longer interested in the Jamestown settlement.

Argale took her prisoner.by an act of treachery, intending to hold her as a hostage, and carried her back to Jamestown, where she was treated kindly, but kept a prisoner.

What may be called the second act in the life of Pokahontas then began and an event speedily occurred that seemed to falsify the theory of her love for Smith.

As it was now the year 1613, she was about eighteen years of age, and a young Englishman, John Rolfe, fell in love with her.

From a letter that he addressed to Sir Thomas Dale, the governor, asking his advice, there can be no doubt that Rolfe had conceived a passionate attachment for her.

The letter is published in a rare pamphlet of the time, Hamor's "Present

Estate of Virginia,"and is a very curious production, coming from a staid and "discreet"person, the character attributed to Rolfe.

He represents himself a prey to doubt and great trouble;

ought he to disregard the command to the Israelites not to marry "strange wives,"or marry Pokahontas, and make her a Christian?

He was unable to decide on his duty, he said; but a still more interesting question is suggested to the reader:

Whether Pokahontas was at that time prepared to marry Rolfe?

If she was prepared to do so, it seems reasonable to conclude that she had quite forgotten Smith, or that the theory of her romantic attachment to him was a mistake.

As events indicated before very long, she was ready to marry Rolfe.

Sir Thomas Dale sailed up York river to restore her to Powhatan in exchange for some English prisoners; but Pokahontas clearly betrayed her indisposition to be restored.

She landed among her own people, but treated them disdainfully, scarcely taking any notice of them;

and when Powhatan did not come to meet her, and made difficulties about the exchange of prisoners, the young princess tossed her head, and declared that she would go back and live "with the Englishmen who loved her."Almost at the moment when she made this

IN THE ADIRONDACK'S.

declaration, a friend of Rolfe handed his letter to Sir Thomas Dale.

He read it, probably laughed heartily, and, at once giving up his plan of laying waste the Indian Territory, took Pokahontas back to Jamestown, where she was soon afterwards married to Rolfe.

These are all the known facts thus far in the life of Pokahontas, who proceeded to live "civilly and lovingly"with her husband, bore him a son, "whom she loved dearly,"and, two or three years afterwards, accompanied Sir Thomas Dale to England.

On the face of this array of commonplace incidents, there is nothing to support the hypothesis of any attachment to Smith beyond mere friendship; but soon after her arrival in England, a single incident in addition again supported the theory, and gave, indeed, a very strong warrant for it.

As soon as the ship containing Pokahontas, her husband and child reached Plymouth, intelligence of her arrival was carried to London, and the event aroused general interest.

It was known that she was a princess, and the first Indian that had married an Englishman.

There was then a mild sensation that soon grew very strong.

Smith was the occasion of this.

Hearing of the arrival of Pokahontas, he wrote an eloquent and glowing letter to the Queen, described the scenes in which she had preserved his life on two different occasions, and declared that, "during the time of two or three years, she, next under God, was still the instrument to preserve this colony from death, famine, and utter confusion."The letter attracted the attention of the court to Pokahontas, who speedily became the fashion, and was visited by the nobility near London;

but it was only when he was about to set sail for New England that Smith, who was in London, went to see her.

A brief account of what took place in this interview remains, and seems to support the original view of the feelings of Pokahontas.

At sight of Smith she covered her face with her hands, and for a long time remained entirely silent.

They then conversed with each other in private, and anions:

other things she said "They did always tell me you were dead, and I knew no other till I came to Plymouth."This statement leaves no doubt at least of one fact, that some person or persons in Virginia, as far back as 1613, when she was carried a prisoner to Jamestown had informed her that Smith was dead.

As she remained under that conviction until her arrival in

England in 1616, she accepted the attentions of Rolfe, and married him believing

Smith dead; and her union with Rolfe, therefore, is reconcilable with her previous attachment to the soldier.

Their interview seems to have been brief, and one of passionate feeling, full of reproaches and tears on the part of Pokahontas, and apparently of a vague embarrassment on the part of Smith.

It is not difficult to understand why he should have experienced some embarrassment.

There is nothing to indicate that his attachment for her exceeded that of a grateful friend.

She had preserved his life, and he sincerely admired her courage and devotion, but that was all.

His life* in Virginia had been stormy and anxious; he had no leisure for sentiment or romance.

But it seems that the case had been very different with the Indian girl dreaming in the York woods.

There is no unanswerable testimony that such was the fact, but all the indications support the hypothesis;

and her marriage to another person does not contradict it, since she believed Smith to be dead.

The interview at Brentford seems to have been their first and last in England.

Smith sailed on one of his voyages, and in the ensuing March Pokahontas died, making "a pious and Godly end,"just as she was about to sail for Virginia with her husband and child.

It may interest some readers to know that this child became a gentleman of note, and that eminent persons in Virginia have descended from him, among them John Randolph of Roanoke.

IN THE ADIRONDACKS.

Nature's charms of mountain, lake and forest are so lavishly outspread throughout the extent of the wild Adi-

THE WEATHER.

rondack region, that there is but one way of obtaining adequate impressions of it;

and that is, to take it bit by bit.

The most luxuriant and varied scenery lies about the Blue Mountain and Raquette Lakes.

These are two connected sheets of water, lying on the southwestern borders of the great hill country, but still quite within the limits of the "forest primeval."New Yorkers reach them by going up the Hudson to Saratoga, branching off north by west on the Adirondack

Railway to North Creek, whence a thirty-five-mile ride on the springy buckboard, or by old-fashioned coach, brings them to Blue Mountain Lake.

Here are three or four hotels, including that mammoth mountain caravansary, the Prospect House.

The mountain is three thousand eight hundred and twenty-four feet high, and the lake has an altitude of nearly two thousand feet.

There is scarcely a lovelier bit of water amongst all the Adirondack Trosachs.

This is a great place for beginning the regulation mountain journey.

You hire a guide, with his Adirondack boat—the latter weighing about seventy pounds, and wonderfully capacious for its "heft."

This is an important consideration; for there are "carries"along the route, where you have to take up boat, baggage and all, and walk.

The guide is also a philosopher and friend, a born sportsman, and an accomplished cook.

It is he who makes'mountain travel a pastime, and camp life a luxury.

He conducts you, say, from Blue Mountain Lake westward through an erratic waterway, which now widens out into Eagle Lake and Utowana Lake, and now dwindles away to nothing, compelling you to lug your belongings overland for half a mile to the marshy Marion, which enters Raquette Lake from the east.

Raquette Lake is a bewildering and enchanting aggregation of bays, islands, straits and wooded points.

Be your object hunting, fishing, sightseeing or idling, you may safely set up your camp on the Raquette's indented shores.

There are hotels here, Bennett's and others; but camps are its specialty.

The woods are full of them.

The more pretentious of these camps, such as Hathorn's, Echo, Pine Knot, The Cedars, Fair.View, The Antlers, Teneyck's, and

Hasbrouck's, are astonishing combinations of urban elegance with the freedom and unconventionality of the forest.

Pianos and pine knots, Turkish rugs and cedar boughs, spring mattresses and pine logs, campfires and French cuisine, all contribute towards making life in the woods an idyllic delight.

The average Adirondack camp, however, is a much more primitive affair—sometimes a log "lean-to;"sometimes a bark -thatched "open"camp, with a deep, odorous carpet of pine and cedar boughs.

But it has just as much fresh air, clear water, bright sunshine and balsamic fragrance as the proudest of its neighbors—and these are what the tourist comes to the

Adirondacks chiefly to find.

A profane upstart—The man who sat on a bent pin.

THE WEATHER.

There is one science which is within the grasp of every mind, and which, to be successfully cultivated, requires no preparation, and furnishes an admirable resource for those who have a taste for the observation of natural phenomena.

It is what we may call the science of rain and fine weather, but which now receives the higher title of meteorology.

The [barometer, the thermometer, and the vane, are the simple instruments it employs;

its field of observation is the terrestrial atmosphere, the regular movements and perturbations of which it analyses.

This practical part of the science is not to be despised;

for though the explanations are often untrue, the facts which form the basis are generally certain.

The red moon, for instance, does

THE WEATHER.

not merit all the blame that is laid upon it, but the period of the year when it appears is very dangerous for young shoots, too often frosted by the cold night.

It is especially in mountainous countries, where the weather is uncertain, and changes with great rapidity, that this local knowledge of climates is most to be appreciated.

In the Alps, travelers may trust almost blindly to those excellent guides whose prudence is admirable;

if a storm imprison yon in some lonely chalet, the guide goes from time to time to sniff the air at the door, to look at the different quarters of the horizon, and when he gives the signal for departure, you may set off without fear.

The way in which the fog climbs the side of the mountain, the height which it reaches, the point where it accumulates, give him valuable indications.

The sailors possess a similar science; they know the threatening signs of a storm, the menacing aspect of the sky, the clouds accumulated in dark heavy masses, the color of the waves, the particular form of foam-like crests which float over the blue water, the indented appearance of the horizon indicating an angry and agitated sea.

Meteorology is not yet a settled science;

its efforts have in no one point been crowned with complete success.

Its immediate object is the knowlege of the weather;

but we speak of this without analysing the complex elements which enter into that simple term.

Well or ill, we all feel, more or less, the atmospheric changes around us, as the air is charged with heat and cold, humidity or dryness, and the electric current;

these act on our health, our temper, and the development of animal and vegetable life.

The change of a fraction of a degree in the mean temperature, would be a decree of death to thousands of animated beings, and the invalid is obliged to go from climate to climate, in search of one which can mitigate his sufferings.

Besides consulting the barometer, we need to know the direction of the wind and the general state of the sky.

These elements are most important in appreciating the changes that are coming.

A wise observer will not flatter himself that iie can predict cold summers, warm winters, or any remarkable perturbations;

that would be to speculate too largely on the credulity of the public.

It is only for a short time beforehand that this can be done, and when, by long observation, a perfect knowledge of the climate has been acquired.

By watching whence the wind blows, it is possible, with much confidence, to announce what will be the next variation, and deduce from it the change likely to ensue in the weather.

This is as much as to say that the law of the wind is not arbitrary, but submissive to a general law.

There is a curious fact connected with the direction of the wind, which is not generally known.

A wind blowing from the east may in reality be a west wind drawn out of its course.

Let us explain.

The researches of the clever German, Herr Dove, have laid down a law of the rotation of winds.

The air participates in the rotatory movement of the earth round its axis; nothing at the pole, this movement attains more and more rapidity as it reaches the equator. When, from any particular cause, a mass of air is driven towards the equator, it arrives at a region where the rapidity of the earth's motion is greater than its own;

the result is, that the polar current advances more slowly to the east than those parts of the earth which are beneath it, and it appears to an observer on the earth to move from east to west.

Thus, it will be understood that all winds coming from the north pole are, in consequence of our planet's motion, deviated from the direct line towards the west, and are gradually changed to east winds.

If the current be equatorial, and moves upwards to the north, as it penetrates into latitudes where the movement of the earth lessens, it, preserving its first rapidity, veers more quickly towards the east than the parts of the land over which it blows, thus making the wind appear westerly.

All aerial currents originate in a difference of temperature in various parts of the atmosphere.

Take an island, for example:

the surface of the earth is

THE WEATHER.

more quickly heated than the water; the air above the former growing lighter and lighter, will rise higher, and be replaced by that of the surrounding sea, which is commonly called the sea-breeze.

At night, the inverse phenomena take place—the island cools more quickly than the sea, and the land-breeze sets in.

This may be taken on a larger scale in the great terrestrial masses of the Asiatic continent, and the Indian Ocean, which surrounds it; the sea and land breezes then become what sailors call the monsoons, winds which blow during one part of the year, from the burning lands of the interior, and in an opposite direction during the other.

Then take the whole world, and it may be understood why the planet being always heated under the tropics, and frozen at the poles, two fundamental and permanent currents are established, blowing in opposite directions.

About the equator these are distinctly separated, lying superimposed without mingling;

the lower forming the trade-winds, which are so constant and favorable to navigation.

In our zone, the hot and cold winds are in continual conflict, and it is owing to this perpetual opposition that the extreme variableness of our climate is partly due.

This successive predominance of the winds determines the most general peculiarities of our climate.

The ncfrth and north-west winds come from the pole, the air is cold, and consequently heavy;

the barometer rises; the air it meets is charged with heat and damp, the north wind grows warmer, and takes possession of the watery vapor, carrying away and dissolving the clouds.

In winter, this wind brings a clear, cold season;

in summer, it also clears the sky, and moderates the heat.

In winter, the polar wind has a westerly tendency;

in summer, more easterly; and in our part of Europe, the latter reaches us in a dry state, having swept the vast regions of the north of Asia, the Ural mountains, and Russia.

The equatorial current reaches

England from the south-west;

it has passed over the liquid plain of the Atlantic Ocean, and is charged with an immense quantity of vapor.

The warmth and damp make the barometer fall;

penetrating into a cold country, the vapor is condensed—in winter, causing rain or snow;

in summer, rain; and the weather becomes mild, because the many layers of cloud intercept the sun's rays like a screen.

If the south-west wind continues to blow, the air recovers its usual temperature, the clouds disperse, the sky is clear, and soon the overpowering heat begins which prepare the storms.

It is to the equatorial current that Ireland owes the beautiful vegetation which has caused it to be named "Green Erin."The predominance of these winds will also explain why ships can come more rapidly from the United States to England, than the opposite way.

The tempests which arise in the temperate zones are much less important and irregular than those which find their cradle in the tropics.

They are apparently owing to the meeting of the polar and equatorial currents, which, instead of crossing or lying in parallel strata above each other, meet directly in lront.

When one of these masses refuses a passage to the other, it produces a great accumulation of air, and the barometer rises very rapidly.

Sadly deceived will he be who, trusting to the barometrical scale, should prophecy a fine season; a frightful storm will soon show the fallacy of his predictions.

Another remarkable law as regards winds has to be kept in mind.

Often in the case of storms, the wind, or it may be hurricane, sweeps round in a circle.

It may not appear to do so, because the circle is perhaps very broad.

The current, however, is a kind of whirlwind.

Thus the wind reported as driving from west to east at the British Channel, may be the same wind which is said to be blowing in a contrary direction in a northern latitude.

Hence the great value of meteorological stations, from which notices may be sent as warnings to the navigator.

By the teachings which it affords, meteorology furnishes immense assistance to the marine service; every year, the num-

A NORWEGIAN WHALE HUNT.

ber of shipwrecks ought to diminish as the laws of nature in her wildest fury are better known, and since the electric telegraph places so many countries in communication.

Indeed, that part of the new science is without contradiction the most useful and essential branch, and seamen of all nations now rival each other in adding fresh material to that which Maury first drew up.

Terrestrial meteorology is also subject to the same general laws as the seas; but whilst the surface of the ocean offers no obstacle to the winds, the earth, on the contrary, by the variable height of the ground, the particular nature of some districts, by topographical accidents, and by the ranges of mountains, complicates the phenomena.

The observation of the great physical phenomena of nature is not only useful, but a fruitful source of pleasure, and a perpetual subject of interest;

it enlarges the narrow circle into which our passions are too liable to confine us, and shows us the consolation to be found in the contemplation of an infinite world.

The murmurs of the forest, the confused accents of a superhuman language, the shore where the waves are for ever rising and falling, the night with its numberless worlds shining upon us, give us the highest kind of sensations; they act on that hidden sense lost in the depths of our being, on the native poetry which sleeps in every animated being.

The study of the world consoles and strengthens, provided we seek the divine element in it; the storms of the sky are less dangerous than those of the soul, and it is sometimes wiser to contemplate the capricious forms of clouds, than the variations of men.

Chamber's Journal.

A wise son heareth his father's instruction.

Bible.

A NORWEGIAN WHALE HUNT.

We are in the middle of a flock of giants of the sea.

The enormous browti and blue bodies rise out of the sea; the back is bent upward, it looks like the bottom of a capsized ship;

it disappears;

but the sea becomes almost calm where the whale went down, and several minutes elapse before the waves are able to conquer the calm.

From time to time deep dull snorts are heard, thundering and trembling, as if the deepest strings of a dozen double-basses were being played down below; and at others a sharp swishing sound, like an enormous fountain suddenly set to play, and a column of crystal spray ascends some thirty feet into the air.

The gigantic, glistening body appears on the surface; the back is bent upward a second, and it again disappears.

It looks as if the whale was warm and comfortable enough; the sea water, to us looking so cold, plays pleasantly around it; hot steam issues from its dilated nostrils, and it seems like a man enjoying a refreshing morning dip.

During the last quarter of an hour we have seen some forty whales, but none have come within range.

The gun has no certainty much beyond thirty yards, so that the whale must be nearly under the ship's bow when firing.

As we stand looking at this magnificent spectacle, the water close around the ship suddenly becomes light green in color, and somewhat calm.

Then a deep, heavy thunder; the ship trembles from stem to stern;

a great column of dampness is shot into the air, drenching us all; a dull snort, and an enormous blue whale rises out of the sea a few yards on our starboard side.

Now the captain will fire,we think, involuntarily holding on to the wire rigging;

but Foyn stands by his gun without making the least movement, and the next second the whale again descends into his watery home.

The range was probably not a good one.

A few minutes after the same thunder, the same sensation, the same column and the same snort another whale appears on the port side.

The captain turns the gun while we watch with beating hearts the movements of

FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNEY.

the animal as well as his own.

Every second seems an eternity.

He raises the gun, aim.

Alas! a heavy sea strikes the vessel, heels her over; the gun is lowered, but the whale is gone.

They seem all to have disappeared now, not a puff to be seen.

We stand and talk about the incident, and somebody suggests to go aft and "have a smoke;"when suddenly two whales are seen some distance off, now going side by side, now behind each other.

The helm is turned, and we follow them in hot haste through wind and waves.

Complete silence reigns on board during the pursuit, only now and then broken by the captain's short words of command, who stands calmly watching the animals.

Now the vessel heels over—the whales are within range.

"Stop,"sounds in the engine room. But the speed was too great, and we shot past them.

"Full speed ahead,"sounds again.

"Two men at the helm!"The vessel turns swiftly, and we separate the couple.

The whales disappear.

We follow the direction they are taking, and look!—a little before us the sea becomes emerald green.

"Slow,"again.

The vessel moves slowly forward, and the whale reappears twenty yards off. "Stop"shouts the captain.

The gun is turned, raised, and again lowered—not a sound is heard on board—the whale has puffed—the back is bending; the captain aims—and a thundering report rends the air, and makes the vessel tremble in every section.

We have watched all this with every nerve strained, and hardly feel the icy foam of the sea which bedews the cheeks and benumbs the hands.

"Did you hit him?"we shout to the captain.

"Don't know,"is the laconic answer.

"Almost absurd to attempt it in such a sea; one risks losing the gear and frightening the whale."In the meantime all the crew are busy clearing the line of the harpoon, and we are still in doubt whether we have hit him, but the suspense does not last long, as immediately a "Look out!''is shouted by the captain, and the line runs out with terrific speed and a great noise.

"Full speed ahead,"is shouted below;

but the ship is running double her highest speed, such is the strength of the whale which has her in tow. The animal is fleeing at the top of its speed, and we follow right through the breaking seas.

Ten minutes pass by—they seem ten hours—when suddenly a blood-streaked column of water is seen on the horizon.

It is our whale.

Another moment, and a clear one is seen.

It is his companion which follows her wounded mate.

Both go down; the line does not run so fast;

the wounded whale appears once or twice more, when he sinks.

The whale is dead.

After a while the hauling in liegins very carefully, and finally the great body rises to the surface, the ship heeling over.

After a few hours'hard work in securing the monster to the vessel with chains and ropes, the course is shaped for home.

"What do you think of it, captain?"I ask.

"Not bad,"he answers simply.

"Steward, give the crew a drink all round, and let us have something to eat."

The whale measured more than eighty feet in length.

Once more his widowed mate takes a turn round the ship, when she stands out to sea; while we, with our noble spoil in tow, slowly make for the whale station in South Yaranger.

FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNEY.

I presume that in my mind the charms will never fade in the retrospection of that long waited for event; the visit to Utah.

A visit only, for circumstances forbade our permanent removal.

Our beautiful home was rented for a year, and preparations began in a delightfully busy way, as to plans and works; but so very quietly that our general acquaintances had no intimation of our intentions.

Long hours of happy dreams upon—not dreams of sleep, where changes shift about so wonderfully, so magically swift, that years of time and

FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNEY.

time's works transpire quicker than waking thought could count them over;

no, not that kind of dreams, but those in which everything comes out just as you wish it to, because, imagination has uncontrolled management.

Then those waking dreams of grateful happiness, of hope and wondering anticipations passed swiftly, silently on into their vaguer counterpart that led the way sometimes into the atmosphere, almost, of a fairer world.

Have the felicity of present bliss and its sweet composure ever won the way to the open gates and caught even a glimpse of beauty and a snatch of harmony, before the awakening?

Certainly I was wonderfully happy;

yes, rich in joy and hope.

Long had I been homesick for the land and faces I had never seen, but they were familiar to me by that bond which has its hold in the heart of every Latter-day Saint.

There was a fascination about it all, and I doubt if even now, or ever again in this real life, could I invest unconsciously, or even by endeavor, any enterprise and interest with the pure and mystical charm that hallowed my thought and preparations for that journey.

Mine had been almost a dream-life, tinged a little by affliction—partial blindness, but surrounded by music, flowers, books and guests, from almost every land and clime.

Yet I shrank not from the exposure and severity of the slow journey by land, the travel in company with a freight train of mule teams.

Stories of the mountain roads, difficult and dangerous, only enhanced to me their grandeur and sublimity, as God's creations; the parched and desert wastes where bones lay bleaching, glowed for me with rainbow 1\ues of sunset splendor, and the long, still hours of travel by night to escape the heat by day, brought to my mind promise of a panorama of heavenly beauty of sky and moon and stars.

How often had I been compelled to leave my star-gazing and return within the "four walls,"all dissatisfied and uncaring for that sleep which I was assured was so needful.

Now, I could watch the stars nearly all night.

Weariness I did not think of.

The bitter springs that divided desert from desert, I did not dread; nor even questioned why the Father suffered them so to be when weary men and wearier beasts must drink their nauseating, almost poison waters. The Indians, retaliating and watchful, I did not fear; thought of them only added zest to the undertaking. With my little pocket Bible, notebook and pencil, I felt fairly equipped and ready for the road.

So, one bright morning we started, our spirits exhilerated and with no shade of regret.

Watchful for specimens, I often alighted and walked until weary.

I thought of the Moslem and his Mecca, and smiled.

I, too, was making a pilgrimage to the city of my devotion.

All that was important and desirable was before me; that which lay behind, was dear, but could be left without more than a passing sorrow.

Moslem and Mormon! The visions of Mahomet paled before the more exalted and realistic promise to Joseph.

I thought how they each in boyhood were called to a mission whose power would be felt through ages;

each in simplicity and unlettered wisdom, had founded his church and kingdom; one already had stood the warfare of time, and still remained great, the other would endure the warfare of eternity.

Mahomet had worked by the spirit and gathered his few around him, his power increased and he conquered the infidel in one big sermon:

"Embrace the faith of Islam, pay tribute or die."Conquest and the spoil of cities affected not his simplicity of character, or his integrity to the principles of the

Koran.

Joseph's, too, was a spiritual rule, yet needed not the sword to establish his authority.

Not the Moslem alone arose; I thought of the Prophets of old, barefoot upon the desert sands, their tents pitched in the shade of the rock from whence no stream flowed.

How often came to me in the twilight as the long train stretched ahead until lost in indistinctness, the wanderings of the Israelites, and I felt, that I, too, could journey on thus for years in the sacred spell of the great mission.

The tinkle of bells far ahead,

FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNEY.

clear, and calling as it were—follow follow—this is the way, as they ascended some higher ridge, and again the fainter, softer sound, as the leaders turned some point or went down some sandy valley, brought back to me the caravans of old, with their Oriental trappings, the robed figures of the dusky men and veiled women; the eloquence of those teachings, the echoes of those matchless hymns.

Moses, Aaron and Miriam were we not one with them?

Should we not meet them?

Was not our mission the same?

My heart swelled with gratitude that my lot had been cast in this dispensation to receive the message of the Gospel of the Son of God.

Yes, the desert and the blistered feet were part of the heritage of Israel.

Did the weariness bring a change to me, a regret?

No; the charm increased and there was a silent pleasure in such difficulties we had to meet.

"This is for our religion, this is for Zion,"was the inward consolation.

Did the skies answer my watching with radiant colors or holiest light and silence?

Yes, every day and night they spread their ever changing pictures before me;

the gentlest breath of wind that passed, whispered something that I could understand; the roughest, loudest wind that roared.and rocked our wagons at night, taught me better than I had ever felt before, the Power that goes with the storm and guides it as His steeds.

"I will lie down in peace and safety."How often came to me that picture which I have never seen painted, and those words so glorious and mighty:

"The chariots, the chariots, and the horsemen thereof!"In every gale I heard those hoof-beats and those whirling wheels.

"Deluded?"Then delusion was happiness.

"Astray by error's teachings?"No.

I was found by the angels of heaven and walking in their lighted path. When the poor Indians came into our camp, pity, not fear possessed me, and this refrain swept through my spirit:

"Their day is at hand; He will gather them in;

He will right all their wrongs and enfold them about in tenderness, wisdom and peace.

v The four deserts were crossed and the

Muddy river, then came the Rio

Virgin Hill, the most dangerous descent we had yet encountered.

Along this part of the road we found several discoveries that may yet be important to our people.

So tortuous is the Rio Virgin River that we crossed its turbid, treacherous current forty-six times in three days.

At Beaver Dam, for the first time in three weeks, the sight of green leaves greeted the eye, and we entered the shade of great branching trees, the cottonwoods.

It was a blessed sight, and the little brook was silvery clear.

Once more birds sang above us, the early grass peeped around the roots of sheltering trees, the wild vines with last year's bird nests hanging in them were showing green buds; green moss was unlifting the dried remnants from the rocks; spring was revealing to us a glimpse of the canyon beyond.

The high walls of the the canyon shut out the cool night wind when it rose, but we heard it in the cedars above like a whispered prayer.

Later, toward midnight, in louder tones of power as though warding off sense of danger—"peace, be still."Only one day more and we should enter the white settlements.

We first reached the Indian farm upon the Santa Clara stream, and a number of the men stood around their newly planted fields, seemingly very proud to acknowledge their habits of industry and proprietorship.

As though to welcome us, one tall Indian, with his hair elaborately dressed, stood with his gun and his little dog by his side, its ears being very tightly tied on top of its head with red flannel ribbon.

It was a pity that no artist was there.

But a few appreciative persons reached out to the smiling representative of the colony, their tributary offerings, a few dimes, smoking tobacco, bread, etc.

We praised their farm and left them;

reaching Santa Clara settlement before dark.

We 'were met by old friends from San

Bernardino, living in a large red rock house, owned by Jacob Hamblin. There entered two of his daughters, fair flowers ofthe wilderness.faces that an artist might

FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNEY.

have loved to paint.

Rachel, pallidfaced, with black hair and eyes; Tamar, with hair between auburn and gold, eyes neither gray nor blue, and complexion like milk and roses.

Both were gravely sweet and gentle, yes, sad; for there lay one dying in another room, only a few days more of this earth for her, and then he whose life had been one long story of deprivation and hardship, one full, free gift to his people, would walk the rest of his days without her.

This was the beginning of my acquaintance with Jacob

Hamblin, even then broken in bodily strength, but patient with his poverty, earnest and gentle to all around him, but a lion in heart when peril demanded.

Often since have I recalled the low, even tones of his voice and the steadfast look in his fine gray eyes of that first, sad, dark night. There was to me a pathos and a grandeur in his presence, and I desired to know him better.

Since then, in my parent's home, have I listened to the narratives that we had to ask him for, so modest was he; and felt it a pleasure to minister to his comfort. Nearer acquaintance served to increase my reverence for his spirit and his labors.

Since then and now, Jacob Hamblin has gone to his rest and reward.

Rachel and Tamar, the beautiful, are with him.

The old friends were glad to see us, and for the first time since leaving home we sat down to a table instead of the ground.

Everything was in abundance, especially the preserves, peaches boiled in syrup to a rich consistency.

This was a new preparation to us, but tasted excellent to our kean appetites.

"Don't be afeard o'them 'serves,"urged the "Bishop,"(so he was called,) "they're clean, I made 'em myself."I glanced at his bushy, tangled black hair and beard, his open shirt collar and buttonless cuffs, and while appreciating his hospitality, his reccommendation of the delicacy, on the special ground of his having prepared it, was influenced rather to its prejudice.

I ruminated: Why had the bishop cooked the preserves? Supposing that he had made the butter and the bread?

I didn't feel very hungry after all.

Ah! perhaps his wife had been sick at that time, and female help unattainable.

Admirable man! And yet did he look like that—as he looked now at the table—while he was cooking them?

My appetite again receded, a little farther this time.

He turned to Ma:

"Yes, sir, sister Jackson, I made two bar'ls of 'em; one ground cherries, and biled 'em down 'till you could have 'most cut 'em with a knife.

Try some of these here merlasses, they're first rate.

First merlasses I ever made, sister Jackson.

I made 'em delicate like an'clean, and the first thing I knew, sir, I heard a noise down cellar one night, an'they had spiled and biled up an'bust the bung, an'the cellar was knee deep in risin'merlasses.

Oh—I don't mind your laughin', girls; you needn't try to disguise it—-just laugh right out.""How did I happen to make 'em?

Why, it's my work.

Don't think I'd let my wife stand around a fire and stir forty gallons of merlasses on the bilin'bile, do you?

Oh, no!

I wouldn't let her spile her complexion and sile her hands;

I want to keep her just as pretty as ever."His face grew reflective.

"Say, girls, when I married her, I could span around her waist with my two hands, an'lift her whole weight with one arm, an'she could walk under the other without touchin'her head;

an'her foot—why girls, I don't believe the least one of you could put on her shoes."We raised no objection to his interrogative look, and he continued: "Ones, sir, onesshe wears.

She's been the makin'of me,"he went on with a proud and satisfied look, and we smiled and nodded assent.

The Virginian dame took it all with a quiet smile as she lifted their one grandchild to her knee, and gave her the kiss that perhaps was half his.

"How far is it to St. George?

Three miles;

enterprising folks over there, goin'to make an airthly paradise outen a saleratus patch, an'they don't have the ager, neither, like we do here. We'd like to have you settle right down by us, if you feel like it;

I'll give you all the information you want."We parted,and have never since met our kind hearted friends. A month spent in St.

George,

FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNEY.

another in Cedar and a third in Beaver, then we started on again for the "city."At Beaver Ma engaged as driver for our traveling carriage, a 'young man named John Ames, leaving our larger team to follow more slowly. About this time some Indians around Fillmore and northward, were manifesting a hostile disposition, and it was stated that the Superintendent of Indian affairs, President Brigham Young and interpreters, were to meet the chiefs and make peace with them;

so we were somewhat orepared and on the lookout.

We had a companion traveler (in his own conveyance) who was an M. D. He had a very professional appearance, I thought;

rather like a third-rate opera singer that might have been dropped by the way as superfluous, and somehow drifted into Utah.

He had been waiting for a chance to travel in company for safety, and now joined our party: a lady, two daughters and the driver.

He mournfully explained to Ma that he was a widower, and his two distant dear ones needed a mother.

He had some idea of "joining the Church."He thought he could be useful among our people, in fact, did not see how he could be dispensed with, as he was not only a doctor, but a "regular eyeocculist."I wondered if he were not also an ear aurist, but did not inquire.

I doubt if any other single object visible to the naked eye in all Utah, could so effectually have gained Ma's dislike as this same gifted individual, but the road was free.

He was quite a spectacle as he sat upon the front seat beside the driver, entirely covered by a linen duster that in walking tangled between his heels; a large, green bareze vail, closely covering his golden locks and straw colored Victor Emanuel mustache, and green goggles to protect his eyes.

As it was difficult for him to keep up a conversation backward over his left shoulder and above the noise of the wheels, for he received no replies;

he decided to ride close behind us.

This plan worked rather unfavorable from the start.

Much to his mortification the dust caused him such a violent attack of sneezing, that his too valued teeth dropped out of sight in the dust beneath the horses'heels.

In an altered voice he frantically implored the driver to stop and assist him in his search.

He informed us that evening that he had had his own teeth extracted for the benefit of science, by the experiment of a new anaesthetic.

He did not expect humanity to be grateful for his philanthropic act.

They would never hear of it in his name.

He also, with wounded dignity informed us that our four animals raised a tremendous dust and he might be compelled to part company with us for the space of a few rods, until evening.

When evening came the Doctor made a faint attempt at gallantry in a very domestic matter.

We had camped beside a stream swift and clear as water could be, with a very sloping edge. The

Doctor had just completed his toilet, when my sister, after waiting as long as she had patience to, approached the water.

The Doctor hastily retired, gracefully waving his hand toward his own toilet articles in the mast gracious manner possible.

My indignant sister moved them with her foot, precariously near the edge, and proceeded to remove the dust of the ride from her own fair face and hands.

Upon her return the Doctor obsequiously inquired where his property was.

"I don't know where they are now, the last I saw of them they were going down stream."A frantic rush, a brief absence and a triumphant return, except that a rent showed in his duster.

"Miss Nellie, I forgive you, upon conditions.""You needn't, I detest hypocrites."That evening Ma said: "Let us get up early and run away and leave the Doctor."John was posted and we succeeded.

We left Fillmore early one morning, while he was probably yet sleeping.

Late that afternoon we met a most ferocious looking Indian, heavily armed.

As our team passed him, he turned his horse and sternly regarded us.

My mind quickly reverted to an incident of the morning.

I had opened the little pocket Bible, which my great-grandfather had carried for years, and marked

43° FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNEY.

it all through with his own pencil.

I had opened it upon the lines:

"Thou shalt not fear the arrow that flieth by day nor the terror that cometh by night."

And yet I turned to Ma and said:

"I should not wonder if that Indian would follow us."Ma regarded this as most improbable, as did also our driver.

Before sundown we came to a broad meadow, and across the road above it ran two streams about two rods apart.

Ma surveyed the locality with a pleasant smile and said:

"John, we'll camp here, there is such good feed for the horses.""O, no, let us go on to the settlement, that Indian might come to-night.""Nonsense, girl, I'm going to stay right here."Those words came back to us and I tried to dismiss the fear:

"Fear not for the arrow that flieth by day nor the terror that cometh by night."It was a lonely spot and we soon prepared our evening<meal, our horses rambling close by.

The sun went down, and a lonely stillness seemed to draw around us, even the chirp of an occasional homeflying bird had a sharp note to my ear, and theTripple of the two streams that in sunlight had been so musical, now tortured me because I could not listen above their voices.

Ma and Nellie retired to bed early but I could not, and sat in front of the carriage, the cover of which was closely buttoned from top to bottom.

The tongue pointed northward, and in front of us, with his head to the east, close to the tongue, John Ames lay asleep.

Several times Ma urged me to lie down, but I answered:

"I cannot, I am watching for that Indian; he will be here;

if it were not for those streams I could hear, distinctly, what I believe to be the restless pawing of his horse's feet, as he waits for a later hour."

She could not believe me and turned back to her rest, but I still sat there more convinced as the time wore on.

I could not judge of the time, for even the moments seemed long, and at last I opened my penknife and cut a few stitches in the seam in the cover, just in front of me.

I did not think my little pearl handled knife would be of great service, but it was my only available weapon as neither gun nor pistol was loaded.

What time was it?

Would daylight never come?

How could they sleep so!

Why had we stopped here?

Over and over again these torturing thoughts passed through my mind.

A slight sound, scarce more than the rustle of an autumn leaf caused my heart to leap with sudden conviction: "He is here!"I leaned forward, and with the point of my penknife pressed down the opening"! had made in the cover, and felt as though I had turned to stone.

John lay asleep upon his back, the Indian kneeling at his left side leaned over him, rested his weight upon his left hand, and with his right drew from under the pillow of the sleeper (as phantom-like the words flew past me;

"Fear not nor the terror that cometh by night") a glittering knife!

And John asleep!

As the Indian raised the shining blade in the moonlight, the sleeper woke, looked, and without a word drew the Indian's pistol from his belt and by a turn of his wrist, pointed it upward into his dark face.

The Indian drew backward, still upon his knees, and John raised upon his elbows.

"Give me my pistol,"demanded the Indian.

"Give me my knife, "answered John; and each grasping his own and holding to the other, John rose to his knees, to his feet—and then—each had his own! Steadily the face of hate looked into the other, but the dark gray eyes never quailed nor the muscles trembled.

"How many are in the wagon?"asked the baffled Indian.

"Three,"was the answer.

At this moment my mother woke and asked "What is that?"I leaned down to her and whispered "hush—it is that Indian talking with John."Nellie, our darling, began to cry.

"Don't,"I begged her, "he will hear you and take courage;

the worst is over."I turned back to the little cut in the cover; the Indian was going. He stepped lightly across the tongue, disappeared in the bushes, and a few moments later the hoof-beats sounded upon the air.

"John—he is gone, isn't he?""Who?"

BOGOTA.

asked John.

"That Indian, of course.

I've been watching you through this cover and I saw you wake.""Ma, if you all want to stay here and be killed, you may; I'm going on into the settlement.

He's only foiled, and has gone for help;

he'll be back.""I guess not,"ventured John, but Ma added, "we'll all go.

John, get up the horses and we"ll help."While he was bringing them to the carriage, we gathered up all our camping outfit and Nellie helped him harness the four horses.

"Load the arms John,"said Ma, and he did so without losing time.

I climbed up to the front seat beside the driver.

"Shan't I drive, and you take the guns?

You can't do both."He reflected a moment:

"You hold them 'till they're needed, then we'll change,"he replied.

"Come back here, foolish girl,"called Ma and Nellie clinging to my dress; but

I sat still and watched across the stretch of cedars and brush, to where along the mountain a fire had just been lighted, and then another and another as he rode and wakened the night air with his echoing whoop and cry.

Our four horses fairly flew along the road, the signal fires grew smaller and the Indian cry grew fainter in the distance, and at last the three mile drive was near its end.

We drove into the town, into its very centre and came to a stop in the middle of the street, in a chuckhole of mud.

"Never mind, we are safe, we can stay right here till morning,"said my dear mother.

After John had tied our horses to a fence close by and had spread his blankets upon the ground, he looked at his watch:

"Two o'clock."Then he came to me and took my hand.

"Little girl, if you had screamed, it would have been all over with us before this."Then I quoted that verse to John, and he looked at the sky, and solemnly said, "Good night."Some years after, I again traveled that road, and was back in the cover of the wagon.

There was something in the grind of the wheels in the sand that roused us.

I listened, and in a few moments we crossed a little stream, a gravelly bank, and then again, rippling water.

"What place is this, Brother Snow?""Pioneer Creek, Sister Augusta.""Yes—I know it!"Augusta Joyce Crochcron.

Faith is belief that impels to action.

BOGOTA.

The situation of Bogota, it is said, led the eminent Humboldt to remark that it stood upon its own grave;

it being his opinion that in one of the earthquakes to which the whole extent of the Andes is subject, the city would be engulfed.

To the traveler who with difficulty ascends the parched banks of the Magdelena, the Sabana—with its encircling chain of mountains and the extinct volcano of Tolima, snow-capped and cloudridden in the distance, its cultivated fields and green potreros dotted with haciendas, its silvery lakes and trees crowned with an eternal verdure, and Santa Fe extending amphitheatre-like at its feet is a scene of marvelous beauty.

Its breezes are deliciously cool and invigorating.

In latitude four and a half degrees north, but nine thousand feet above the level of the sea, it forms "a temperate zone upon the very verge of the equator."So equable is the climate that there may be said to be no change of season, or rather that there reigns a perpetual spring.

The mean temperature is about fifty-seven degrees (F.

I.

March, April, and May, and September, October, and November, constitute the wet seasons, and June, July, and August, and December, January, and February, the dry; and generally it is warmest in February, and coldest in December, although the houses are never artificially warmed.

Both cereals and vegetables are sown twice a year, viz., in February and September, and harvested in July and January. Corn, wheat,

BOGOTA.

barley, rice, potatoes, and all the principal vegetables of the temperate zone are grown, while in the market of Bogota may be seen, every day in the three hundred and sixty-five of the calendar, apples, peaches, pears, plums, and strawberries, side by side with crude sugar, chocolate in the bean, unthreshed coffee, plantains, pineapples, oranges, lemons, cocoa-nuts, fresh figs, the exquisitely aromatic pomorasa, the aguacatc, the different varieties of cactus fruit, chirimoyas, curubas, granadas, and granadillas, mangos, nisperos\ mameycs, guayabas—in short, the choicest products of both zones in prodigal profusion.

Their growth is merely a question of altitude, a day's ride in almost any direction sufficing to bear the traveler through all gradations of climate from tierra fria X.o- tierra caliente, and the reverse.

The principal trees are the eucalyptus and the willow, while flowers of all kinds abound;

especially noticeable are the many varieties, of the orchis and the rose, and of the latter, one of the petals of which are green.

The ordinary domestic animals are found, and at a less altitude, in the tropical forest, the ferocious tigre, or jaguar, innumerable and deadly serpents, and birds of most brilliant plumage.

The lakes near the city are peopled at all seasons by thousands of wild teal.

Fish are brought from the Bogota and Magdelena rivers.

The mineral wealth of the surrounding hills may be considered inexhaustible, but it is undeveloped.

The commerce or trade of Bogota proper is estimated at about forty millions of dollars yearly, and would be much greater but for its inaccessibility.

From New York one takes the Atlas line of steam ships to Barranquilla, the direct passage occupying a dozen days; thence by steamboat up the Magdelena to Honda, a journey of from ten days to a month, depending entirely upon the state of the water;

and from Honda to Bogota upon mules across the Cordilleras, a distance of only seventy-five miles, from three to five days are necessary.

There is being constructed, however, a railroad to the Magdelena River, and other interior lines are contemplated.

Its inland and isolated situation has made Bogota as a city one of the least progressive of the capitals of South

America, and more than any other, perhaps, it retains its old Spanish aspects.

The majority of its houses are of one story, because of the prevalence of earthquakes, but there are many of two and three stories.

Their exterior is not unprepossessing, but with tile roofs little achitectural effect can be attempted.

The material is generally adobe, or sundried brick, and the walls receive a thickness of from two to three feet.

Within-doors.at least the better classes live as comfortably as in other parts of the world, and many of the private residences are luxuriously appointed.

There is invariably an open interior court called patio, in the center of which is perhaps a fountain, surrounded by numerous and beautiful flowers and plants which bloom perpetually.

Although they have to be transported across the Cordilleras at great cost, upon the backs of peones, pianos, generally of German manufacture, are common.

Instead of carpets, which harbor fleas—the greatest pests of the city—a peculiar matting known as estera is often employed.

The walls are usually papered, occasionally outside as well as within.

The roofs project over the narrow sidewalk, and furnish a partial protection from the rain.

The principal streets are paved or macadamized, and are built at right angles to each other.

They are, however, narrow, and in the centre of each is a cano, or surface sewer, often indifferently supplied with water, which conveys the refuse of the city to the plain below.

In the construction of the houses but little regard is had for hygienic principles, and the sanitary regulations of the city are inadequate, or at least indifferently obeyed.

The basements of the principal houses in Calle Real and Calle Florian—the business streets—are rented as stores, but in other parts of the city they are occupied by the poorer classes, who crowd into these dark and close tenements, together with poultry, cats and dogs, monkeys and parrots, etc., where

SOMEWHERE.

they live, cook, eat and sleep in the same apartment.

Innumerable chichcrias—

shops in which is made and sold c/iic/ia, a cheap but not unwholesome drink of fermented corn, and similar to the "still beer"of whiskey manufacturers, are found.

The city is supplied with water from two mountain streams, the San Francisco and San Augustin, which flow through its limits, by means of public fountains placed in the plazas.

Gas has been introduced, and the principal streets are well lighted at night and patroled by police.

According to a recent census, Bogota contains a population of eightyfour thousand seven hundred and twentythree;

three thousand residences, and three thousand five hundred stores and shops.

H. R. Lemly.

Science of the Base Ball Curve.

—When a ball (or in fact any missile) is advancing rapidly through the air, there is formed in front of it a small aggregation of compressed air.

(In passing, we may remark that the compressed air in front of an advancing cannon ball has been rendered discernible—we can hardly say visible—by instantaneous photography.) In shape the cushion of air is conical—or rather conoidal—if the ball is advancing without spin;and therefore it resists the progress of the ball equally on all sides, and only affects the ball's velocity.

The same is true if the ball is spinning on an axis lying along its course.

But in the case we have to consider, where the ball is spinning on an axis square to its course, the cushion of compressed air formed by the advancing ball lias no longer this symmetrical shape.

On the advancing side of the spinning surface the air cannot escape so readily as it would if there were no spin; on the other side it escapes more readily than it would but for the spin.

Hence the cushion of air is thrown toward that side of the ball where the spin is forward, and removed from the other side.

The same thing then must happen as where a ball encounters a cushion aslant.

A ball driven squarely against a very soft cushion plunges straight into it, turning neither to the right nor the left, or ii deflected at all (as against a billiard cushion), comes straight back on its course; but if driven aslant against the cushion, it is deflected from the region of resistance.

So with the base ball.

As the cushion of air against which it is advancing is not opposed squarely to it, but is stronger on one side than on the other, the ball is deflected from the region of greatest resistance.

Proctor.

SOMEWHERE.

I see adown the shadows of long years,

The faint, dim outlines of a dreamy land,

And glit'ring thro'the pearly realm of tears,

There seems reflected on that far-off strand

The keenest hopes and joys my life has known,

And silent griefs, which I have borne alone.

I had not thought the passion of an hour

Could have its impress in the realm of space,

Or that an angel's hand had skill and power,

The ideal picture of a life to trace;

And true to realistic thoughts and fears

Preserve a record of the hidden years.

We know not all the mysteries of earth, Nor how with good and ill our lives are woven;

We cannot solve the secret of our birth

Much less recall the sciences of heaven

Nor what we saw, and heard before we came;

We do not even know our former name.

And yet somewhere there must be silent force.

Which acts upon the soul with subtle skill;

We cannot see the process of its course, Nor can we bend it to our feeble will:

But true to life, reflection then will be,

And sometime, we shall know the mystery.

And those who've suffered most, and silent kept,

Will see in that bright mirror, heaven's blue,

How wrongs and evil doings which have slept,

Will penetrate the heart of ages through,

And in the light of an eternal dawn,

Expose the pictures which our lives have drawn.

Emmdine B.

Wells.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, September, 1887.

THE CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION.

The summer of 1887 will be remembered in the political history of Utah, for the meeting of the fifth convention called for the purpose of framing a Constitution for the State of Utah, and asking admission into the American Union.

The circumstances attending the late convention, which called it into being, and the labor it performed are of peculiar interest to the people of the Territory, and will remain so to the end of their history.

Especially, if, as a final result thereof, the admission of the Territory into the Union shall be realized.

The strained relations of the people of the Territory with the general government, the discord existing between political parties within the Territory; the anomaly of a free people, possessing every requisite qualification for self government, being so abjectly subordinate to the power of the Federal government, had caused lovers of American institutions, and friends of the misrepresented people of our Territory, to join in deep reflection upon means for our political freedom, and the settlement of questions that have so obstinately forbidden our progress to the full sovereignty of Statehood.

A proposition for such a settlement, it was conceived, might be made by the people of the Territory, irrespective of political class or distinction, and as initiatory thereto, the following call was issued by the Territorial Central Committee of the People's Party

Headquarters People's Territorial

Central Committee, Salt Lake City, June 6th, 1887.

To the People of Utah:

Deeming the time propitious for a movement on the part of the citizens of this Territory for the securing of their full rights and privileges under the Constitution of the United States, we the Territorial Central Committee of the

People's Party, representing the large majority of the population, hereby call upon the people of Utah, irrespective of party, creed or class, to assemble in mass conventions in their several counties, at such places as the

People's County Central Committee may designate, on Saturday,

June 25th, 1887, at 12 noon, for the purpose of choosing delegates to a Constitutional Convention to be held in the City Hall, Salt Lake City, on Thursday, June, 30th, 1887, at o'clock, noon, for the purpose of framing and adopting a constitution and taking measures for the admission of Utah into the Union as a free and sovereign State.

And, desiring that the entire people of the Territory should have an opportunity for participating in this effort for free government, we invite the central committees of all the political parties in the Territory to join in this movement, with the understanding that if they so co-operate, each party shall receive recognition and be accorded its fair quota of representation in the Constitutional Convention.

This convention shall consist of seventy-five delegates, to be apportioned among the respective counties as follows;

Beaver, two; Box Elder, three; Cache, seven;

Davis, three;

Emery, two;

Garfield, one;

Iron and San Juan, two;

Juab, two;

Kane, one;

Millard, two;

Morgan, one;

Piute, one;

Rich, one; Salt Lake, sixteen; Sanpete, five; Sevier, three; Summit, three; Tooele, two;

Utah, eight;

Uintah and Wasatch, two;

Washington, two; Weber, six.

Utah with its large, intelligent and enterprising population, its varied and rapidly growing industries, its agricultural, manufacturing, mining and commercial interests, its brilliant prospects and its strong devotion to the principles of free government, ought no longer to be bound by Territorial restraints, but should be permitted to step forward into the responsibilities and privileges of statehood and become fully identified with those great commonwealths which, joined in the Federal Union, constitute the foremost nation of the nineteenth century.

Every lover of his country should aid in the promotion of this good cause and, burying local antagonisms, secure that unity which will result in placing

Utah on the highway to financial prosperity and influence as one of the brightest stars in the national galaxy.

By the People's Territorial Central Committee.

John R.

Winder, Chairman.

Elias A.

Smith, Sec'y.

In addition to the general call, representative officers of the Republican and

EDITORIAL.

Democratic parties, and of the Young Men's Democratic Club had been addressed and invited to participate in the labors of the convention. The following letter was sent to each:

Salt Lake City, June 17th, 1887.

, Esq., Chairman Central Committee:

Party of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Sir:—The Territorial Central Committee of the People's

Party, considering that the time is propitious for an application for admission into the Union of the Territory of Utah, has called mass Conventions to beheld in the several counties, June 25th, to nominate Delegates to a

Constitutional Convention, to be held in this City, June 30th, 1887.

It is desired that this movement be made as general as possible, and that all classes of the people of the Territory shall participate in it.

We, therefore, solicit the co-operation of the.Party of Utah; and through you, as its Chairman, we respectfully invite your Committee, and your Party, to take an active part in the mass Conventions, and to assist in the nomination of Delegates to the Constitutional Convention, with the understanding that, if you accept this invitation, your Party shall be accorded a fair representation in the Convention.

By order of the People's Territorial Central Committee.

John R.

Winder, Chairman.

Junius F.

Wells, Cor. Sec'y.

In reply to this invitation, long and vituperative communications, declining to take part in the Convention, were received from Mr. J. B. Rosborough, chairman of the Democratic Central Committee, and from Mr. W. F. James, chairman of the Republican Central Committee.

Mr. Joseph L. Rawlins, chairman of the

Young Men's Democratic Club, briefly declined to participate in the convention.

The convention met in the City Hall,

Salt Lake City, June 30th, 18S7, at o'clock noon, and was composed entirely of representatives of the People's

Party. The names of the delegates were as follows:

Philo T. Farnsworth, Franklin R. Clayton, Beaver County; Oliver G. Snow. Richard H. Baty, and William

Lowe, Box Elder County;

James T.

Hammond, John E.

Carlisle, Joseph Howell, Aaron D.

Thatcher, John T.

Caine, Jr., Ingwald C.

Thoresen, William J.

Kerr, Cache County;

Joseph Barton, David Stoker and Thomas F.

Roueche, Davis County; Jasper Robertson, Emery

County;

Robert W. Heybourne, Iron and San Juan Counties;

Wm.

A.

C.

Bryan and Frederick W.

Chappell, Juab County; James L. Bunting, Kane County; George

Crane and Joshua Greenwood, Millard County;

Samuel Francis, Morgan County;

Matthew W. Mansfield, Piute County; John

T. Caine, James Sharp, William W. Riter,

Samuel P.Teasdel, Franklin S. Richards,

John Clark, Le Grande Young, Elias A. Smith, Richard Howe, Samuel

Bennion, Andrew Jenson, Francis Armstrong, Junius F. Wells, John R. Winder,

Feramorz Little and Lewis S.

Hills, Salt Lake County;

Luther T.

Tuttle, Lewis Anderson, Jens Peter Christensen,

John Bartholomew and Christian N.

Lund, Sanpete County; William Henry

SeegmiUer, James S. Jensen and William

A. Warnock, Sevier County; Alma Eldredge, John Boyden and Ward E

Pack, Summit County; Daniel D.

Houtz and William G.

Collett, Tooele County;

Samuel R. Thurman, Warren N. Dusenberry, Abram Noe, George Webb, John E.

Booth, William Creer, Jonathan S, Page and James O.

Bullock, Utah County;

Abram Hatch, Wasatch and Uintah Counties; Edwin G. Woolley and

Robert C.

Lund, Washington Count) Lewis W.

Shurtliff, David H.

Peery, Charles C. Richards, Henry H. Rolapp, Nathaniel Montgomery and George W.

Bramwell, Jr,, Weber County.

The officers of the convention were as follows:

John T.

Caine, president;

Edwin G. Woolley and James T. Hammond, vice-presidents; Heber M. Wells, secretary;

Robert W.

Sloan, assistant secretary;

Thomas Harris, sergeant-atarms, and Heber S. Cutler, messenger.

The constitution adopted by the convention of 18S2 was taken as a basis upon which to frame the present instrument.

Committees were appointed and the members proceeded to diligent and faithful labor.

Within seven days they had prepared the constitution, discussed carefully and adopted provisions upon which hopes are based for admission, and elected delegates to proceed to

EDITORIAL.

Washington to present the constitution, and urge the claims of the Territory, before Congress.

The obstacles to the admission of the

Territory were recognized to be, ostensibly, the union of church and state existing within our borders; the practice of polygamy, and woman suffrage.

The convention dealt with these subjects by providing that the franchise shall be exercised by male citizens only;

that "there shall be no union of church and state, nor shall any church dominate the state,"and by the following constitutional provisions in relation to the practice of polygamy:

Article XV., Section 12.

Bigamy and polygamy being considered incompatible with "a republican form of government,"each of them is hereby forbidden and declared a misdemeanor.

Any person who shall violate this section shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than one thousand dollars and imprisonment for a term not less than six months nor more than three years, in the discretion of the court.

This section shall be construed as operative without the aid of legislation, and the offenses prohibited by this section shall not be barred by any statute of limitation within three years after the commission of the offense; nor shall the power of pardon extend thereto until such pardon shall be approved by the President of the United States.

To make the provision perpetual and give it validity in the eyes of the nation, the following provision to the article on amendments to the constitution was adopted:

Provided, That Section of Article XV shall not be amended, revised or in any way changed until any amendment, revision or change as proposed therein shall, in addition to the requirements of the provisions of this Article, be reported to the Congress of the United States and shall be by Congress approved and ratified, and such approval and ratification be proclaimed by the President of the United States, and if not so ratified and proclaimed said section shall remain perpetual.

Messrs Booth, C. C.

Richards, Sharp, Wells and Jenson were appointed a special committee to draft a memorial to

Congress, with which to present the constitution; and Messrs F. S. Richards, E.

G. Woolley and W. W.

Riter were appointed in connection with Hon. John T.

Caine, Delegate to Congress, the committee to proceed to Washington and urge the passage of an act of Congress admitting the State of Utah into the Union.

Provision was made to have the constitution submitted to the people at the general election, August first, for ratification.

The effort to have the Utah Commission authorize the counting of the vote and to instruct the judges of election to make returns thereof, proved futile.

The Commission gave but little aid in this respect.

However, the votes were polled and returns made according to the provisions of the constition to the Secretary of the convention.

The result of the polling was as follows:

For the constitution 13,195 yes, 502 no.

The total registration was 20,681, and tbe average vote polled at the election was 16,650, showing an overwhelming majority in favor of the constitution.

The handsome wood engraving we present with this number, is of the Nauvoo Temple, as'it appeared in ruins in 1853. ^ was executed by Mr. John Held after a steel engraving from the drawing of Fred.

Piercy.

The building was of light grey limestone, about as hard as marble.

It was two hundred and twentyeight feet long, eighty-eight feet wide, nearly sixty feet high; and to the top of the tower, about one hundred feet.

It had thirty hewn pilasters, the bases of which were crescent new moons, and the capitals nearly fifty feet above, were sun's with human faces in bold relief;

ornamented with rays of light, and surmounted with two hands holding trumpets.

The building faced the west, and the inscription in golden letters was as follows:"The House of the Lord:

Built by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Holiness to the Lord."The Temple cost about one million dollars.

After the fire it gradually fell into decay and ruin.

The stones of which it was built became an article of commerce and may be found in buildings all along the Mississippi between Burlington and St.

Louis.

At the original site not one stone now remains upon another.

CHARITY.

CHARITY.

Charity is a theme which has occupied the attention of the prophets and servants of God in all ages of the world, and in all lands.

We do not mean that charity which merely gives a few pence to a beggar, or feeds the hungry or that clothes the naked.

But we refer to that higher and nobler charity of which these acts are but expressions.

That there is a distinction between the charity of which we propose to speak, and the giving of goods to relieve the poor, may be understood by this expression of Paul's:

"Though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, * and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing."Hence there is a charity other than that of giving one's goods to sustain those in distress.

And it is that charity the prophets have spoken of as being the sum of all virtues.

That Paul regarded charity as superior to any other spiritual gift, and crowning excellence of all Christian virtues, is evident from his letter to the Corinthians, wherein he says:

"Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal.

And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge;

and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity,

I am nothing.

And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity it profiteth me nothing.

Charity suffereth long, and is kind;

charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil;

rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.

And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three;

but the greatest of these is charity."(i Cor.

xiii, 1-7, 13).

As charity is the most excellent of the

Christian virtues, so also is it the most enduring.

For the same inspired writer above quoted, tells us that "whether there be prophecies, they shall fail;

whether there be tongues, they shall cease;.whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away;"but "charity never faileth."The reason of this is that tongues, interpretations, prophecies, etc., are a means of education and instruction in righteousness, until man attains to a perfect knowledge of the things of God;

and when he reaches that state of perfection, personally he has no more use for those means by which he acquired his perfect knowledge, and therefore may set them aside as childish things; just as the man who has perfected his education in the schools of men may dispense with his maps, charts, globes, and blackboards, that were all necessary to assist him in acquiring a knowledge of the things they were employed to illustrate—but charity, which is the pure love of God, shall endure forever.

We understand that men generally accept the idea that charity is love, but since we have the words of an inspired writer to that effect, we quote him:

"Wherefore, my beloved brethren, if ye have not charity, ye are nothing, for charity never faileth.

Wherefore, cleave unto charity, which is the greatest of all, for all things must fail. But charity is the pure love of Christ, it endureth forever.

Behold, I speak with boldness, having authority from God; and I fear not what man can do; for perfect love casteth out fear; and I am filled with charity, which is everlasting love."Mormon.

(Book of Mormon, pp. 615,617).

That charity, or love, exists in the bosom of God, and is exercised toward man, is witnessed by the earth and all things placed upon it for his sustenance.

For him the earth yields her grains, fruits and flowers.

For his use the cattle on a thousand hills exist; the sheep gives its fleece, the cotton plant its down, and the worm its shining thread.

To aid him in his labor the proud horse yields his strength and speed;

to cheer his heart the birds warble their sweetest songs;

for him the bee gathers sweets from every flower.

For him the seasons make their mysterious round:

Summer's welcome heat gives perfect growth

To that which Spring hath sprouted;

CHARITY.

And Autumn suns kiss grains and fruits to ripeness.

Grim Winter lulls to sleep the mystic powers;

Spring wakes refreshed, and so her work renews.

No chance work this, but through it all

In splendor shines-God's boundless love for man.

Not only in nature is the charity or love of God attested, but even more direct evidence is given of it.

It is written that "God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but haveeverlastinglife.'(John iii.

16.) That noble attribute of charity is no less conspicuous in God the Son than it is in God the Father. The sacrifice made by the Son was voluntary, made out of pure love for his brethren, that the means of salvation might be, through His suffering, placed within their reach.

He Himself said:

"Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.

No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down myself.

I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again.

This commandment have I received of my Father."(John x, 17,18).

Moreover, the charity of the Son of God was not narrow or contracted.

It opened wide its arms to the whole human race, as well to those who in their blindness were disposed to reject his mercies, as to those who, under a more enlightened intelligence, were led to receive Him as the Son of God, and obey His precepts.

Notwithstanding He had been hunted from city to city, despised by the learned, rejected by the rabbis, falsely accused and convicted of blasphemy, stripped of His clothing, crowned in mockery with thorns, spat upon, beaten, scourged with ropes while driven barefooted over the pavements of Jerusalem, bending beneath the weight of His cross, nails driven through His quivering flesh, made the companion of thieves in His dying agonies—yet, notwithstanding all this, His magnanimous soul, filled with the charity of a God, could rise to the grandeur of saying, while pain racked every nerve—"Father forgive them, they know not what they do!""Greater love hath no man than this,"saith the Scripture, "that a man lay down his life for his friends."But the Son of God not only laid down His iife for His friends, but for those who were

His enemies and reviled Him, and they may have all the advantages that have been secured by His suffering, provided they will repent of their sins.

Thus God hath given the greatest possible evidence of His charity—His love for mankind.

And having set the example in the exercise of this crowning virtue, He has commanded that those who take upon them His name, and who aspire to be indeed His disciples.to walk in His footsteps by developing and exercising the same noble attribute:

"A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another;

as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.

By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another."(John xiii, 34, 35).

And as Christ loved not only His friends, but His enemies also, so likewise has He enjoined it upon His followers to do the same.

At least, so we understand the doctrine of the Sermon on the

Mount, wherein it is said:

"Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbor, and hate thine enemy.

But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you; that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh His sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.

For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? Do not even the publicans the same?

And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than others?

Do not even the publicans so?

Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect. "(Matt, v, 43—48).

The last sentence, will, of course, be understood relatively.

That is, we are expected to become as perfect in our sphere as God is in His.

In addition to the instructions of the

Savior given in the foregoing quotation, we are admonished "above all things to have fervent charity among ourselves:

for charity shall cover a multitude of sins,"(1 Peter iv, S).

That is, it will operate upon the principle of "blessed

CHARITY.

are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy."But let us not be led to a conclusion from these considerations that we are justified in winking at sin and corruption.

The man who sees his friend commit a wrong without reproving him; or day by day sees him acquiring pernicious habits which mean death, moral and spiritual, without admonishing him of these evils, or sounding some note of warning, is no true friend, and it must be a false charity that so proceeds.

This brings us to the consideration of the elements of charity, for hitherto we have viewed it as a whole.

Paul tells us that "charity suffereth long, and is kind;

is not easily provoked."In other words, one of its chief elements is mercy—'mercy, the quality of which is not strained, but which droppeth like the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath;

being twice blessed;

blessing him that gives, and him that takes, and is mightiest in the mightiest.'

But while mercy is the chief, it is not the sole element of charity. There is another equally prominent, and that is justice.

Those who have looked upon justice as being stern and harsh, will think it has but little to do with sweet charity.

But as men are frequently most merciful when most just, so likewise are both Gods and men most charitable when most severely just, Rob charity of justice, and it is degraded to a maudlin sentiment.

Rob it of mercy, and you destroy it altogether.

Rightly balance the relative claims of justice and mercy, and you have charity perfected—that charity which burns in the bosom of the Gods and shines through all their acts.

Take an illustration of the idea:

Infidels look upon the flood which destroyed the inhabitants of the earth in the days of Noah, as unmitigated cruelty on the part of Deity.

And at first view the destruction of the antediluvians does smack more of the action of a God of vengeance than a God of love.

But let other facts be taken into account, and that general destruction, terrible as it was, is stripped of every vestige of cruelty.

It is a grand truth, susceptible of the most positive proofs of Holy Writ, that man is a dual being, composed of spirit and body; and that the spirit has a pre-existence in the eternal worlds before its union with the body in this world.

It is also true, abundantly demonstrated to be so in the experience of mankind, that the mind or spirit is materially influenced by its earthly parentage and early training.

Now, keeping these truths in mind, let it be remembered that the antediluvians had become altogether corrupt, utterly incapable of producing a pure offspring, or training them to follow virtuous lives;

in the language of the Scripture, "every imagination of the thoughts of their hearts was only evil continually."To have allowed them to continue the propagation of their kind would have resulted in cursing myriads of pure spirits with a corrupt parentage, and they would have walked in all the wickedness of their fathers.

Now, which was the more merciful part, to permit those wicked antediluvians to go on multiplying their species, and thus curse untold millions in future generations, or destroy them and re-people the earth through a nobler parentage?

We think there can be no two opinions as to which would be the wiser and more charitable of the two courses.

There are a number of things infinitely worse than death—a life of hishonor, or of infamy, or of wickedness being among the number.

Surely it is so when it involves the rearing of offspring to partake of that corruption.

Hence, after sending among the antediluvians preachers of righteousness to warn them of the results of their conduct, to whom they gave no heed, they were destroyed.

It was at once an act of justice and of mercy—aye, of charity to untold millions of those disembodied spirits that otherwise would have come to the earth through that wicked parentage, only to practice all the abominations of their fathers;

forgetting God except to blaspheme His holy name, curse Him, and die.

So also with the destruction of the wicked cities of the plain—Sodom and Gomorrah—and their inhabitants.

So with all those judgments which have

44o GEORGE WASHINGTON'S COURTSHIP.

swept away the wicked.

Those acts of Deity which have the appearance of cruelty viewed in the partial glance we get of things, if seen and considered in full view of all the consequences involved, we should see shining in every case the love of God—the charity of an infinitely loving Father.

Let it be remembered then, that charity is the pure love of God, a compound of justice and mercy, with their relative claims nicely balanced, and always exercised with a view to the welfare of His children.

It is a principle which has actuated the Gods from all eternity, and will continue to govern the actions both of men and Gods when tongues, interpretations, prophecies, healings, etc.

have fulfilled their purposes and shall be laid aside, if not forgotten.

It is the principle which sent the Son of God among men to suffer, bleed and die;

it is the operation of the same principle in the hearts of the Elders of Israel in this day which makes them give a ready consent to go to the nations of the earth and preach the Gospel, without purse or scrip, enduring toil and anxiety, together with the sacrifice of business advantages and the fond association of families and friends, enduring the scorn and ridicule of an unbelieving generation.

It is this principle, born of faith and hope, that has enabled the Saints of all ages to do good to those who have despitefully used them—not answering revilings with reviling, but cursing with blessings—being not "overcome with evil, but overcoming evil with good."

Charity is tender in look, gentle in deed, and oft through smiles sheds tears.

She extends a friendly hand to the distressed, and gives a word of sympathy to the neglected; forgives while she reproves the fault of a friend, and is willing to forget the practiced cunning of an enemy.

In short, charity in man is the crown of all excellence;

in God, the noblest attribute.

R.

George Washington's Courtship.

—Near the end of May, 1758, Washington was ordered by the QuartermasterGeneral of the British forces to leave Winchester and make all haste to Williamsburg, there to explain to the Governor and a council in what a desperate condition the Virginia troops were as regarded clothing and equipments. Accordingly he set out on horseback, accompanied by his servant Billy Bishop.

The two men had reached Williams Ferry, on the Pamunkey River, and had crossed on the boat, when they met Mr.

Chamberlayne, a Virginia gentleman, living in the neighborhood.

The hospitable planter insisted that Washington should at once go to his house.

It was forenoon and dinner would be served as usual, early, and after that Colonel Washington could go forward to Williamsburg, if go he must.

Besides all that, there was a charming young widow at his house—Colonel Washington must have known her, the daughter of John Dandridge, and the wife of John Parke

Custis.

Virginia hospitality was hard to resist.

Washington would stay to dinner if his host would let him hurry off immediately afterwards.

Bishop was bidden to bring his master's horse around after dinner in good season, and Washington surrendered himself to his host.

Dinner followed, and the afternoon went by, and Mr.

Chamberlayne was in excellent liumor, as he kept one eye on the restless horse at the door, and the other on his guests, the tall Indian-like officer and the graceful, hazel-eyed, animated young widow.

Sunset came, and still Washington lingered.

Then Mr. Chamberlayne stoutly declared that no guest was ever permitted to leave his house after sunset.

Mrs.

Martha Custis was not the one to drive the soldier away, and so Bishop was bidden to take the horses back to stable.

Not till the next morning did the young colonel take his leave.

Then he dispatched his business promptly at Williamsburg, and whenever he could get an hour dashed over to White House, where

Mrs.

Custis lived.

So prompt was he about his business, also, that when he returned to Winchester he had the promise of the young widow that she would marry him as soon as the campaign was over.

R. K. THOMAS

eagIvE; emporium.

SALT LAKH CITY.

R K. THOMAS.

ti.% thai %e, The Celebrated \m% i)Dn S»4MMMMMR4V J#4MMWSHM4Mtt Prompt Attention to Orders.

Office in Wasatch Corner § 5UPFF^FINE—FIL,qT_JlE*—

makes more wholesome Ibread than any other fine white fldur.

MANUFACTURED By"T"H*E PidneerRdllerMills.

L SOLD BY ALL DEALERS Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANON.

MARSHALL PASS.

H GARDEN of the GODS, GRAM) CANON OF THE ARKANSAS.

Sierra Nevada

Lumber Association >OF UTAH. O Lumber, ath, Shingles, Mouldings, Doors, Windows, Blinds, Etc.

Mill Work in All its Branches.

OAK, ASH, CHERRY, WALNUT, BUTTERNUT, MAHOGANY, SPANISH

CEDAR, PRIMA VERA, Etc..

in Stock.

Hard and Soft Wood Mantels, to Order.

STAIR BUILDING A SPECIALTY.

S.

J.

LYNN, Supl.

One-half Block South U.

C.

Depot, SALT LAKE CITY.

..«'"',«*'In relation to y \ Shc%4, le of IT, ah:. T§ <* Tne fteople of U« ah'.

0^> are sensibly milted'.

In |>referln»- those made at "•'«..».,«..»«""Z. C. M. I SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brand.

THE CELEBRATED Pleasant Valley Coal, Colorado Anthracite, ^^=sCHARCOAL,ii <©OI{E, E?IG Il^ON I &X)OD.

SEND YOUR ORDERS TO Sells, Burton & Co., 3iv£a,in. Street, NEXT D00RJ0 BARJtATT BROS.

TELEPHONE 211.

84. Wm mm § IiAaB"CI:p^ S p.O. Box 868.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IN OHY GOODS, GROCERIES, ROOTS, FHQES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS -AND ALD KINDS 01 BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

vmm m m*

BTTE'XQISr, GKjf^ESIDISrZEIEe CO., UuilMlim M.1r «C Annmlid Mtr«l ami (.nlmni^d Wlr«, mil P.^UI^Mil..

r_.._~.

M^t «f Annaitlad Steal and CinWnnirrd Wlra, t nil Combination Fence; jt^wHffaViK £.*£&%£ sv.r wjjhb a*x>s astx> cots *X».ia orx Imprc-r»i FlaUM..

Jattar th,aaa. axxiy Xj=a.j>- r'a^A Afenu for Hi» Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACI-I IN I «:s •.

•IM'OSITK TIIK TIIKATIIK.

I, C CHAMBERS, frtnitnt f. A. MITCHELL. t,t v A M»m*t*

DEALERS IN Weber Goal^;

From the WUSATCH and CRISMOX MI.S'K.s, 8>0p^ pim vallet coal J^-"-""""from /At (/ta* Cantr*l *•</*§/ Co a /Unit OfflCI it Xi. 40 Miii Stmt, SALT UK! CUT, DTA1 riLIPH»m,N* ••«.

IWtWTI X. I. H.

I.

'» ••"»"Ordare dali»arad ta aaf UlrMt la ttaa aitf. »r faraiahad a* la a yard a* ra^ular rata*.

IT IS THE BEST BLACKWELL'S"ifORHAM TOBACCO T!b»e Xjatrg-est Stile of a.3D.3T Tcc&cc: in tlx« "TKTorldL MAMOFACTUKIO OWUT. _ W.T.BLttCK^KLlA & Ca

u D 1887;-WPRING;.-1887.

THE.WAGON AND MACHINE CO.

G»iCT YOUK PLOWH.

.* Buy your Wagons and Machinery.

Th« L»rje»* Sio** i*> Bel««» from «t»t K»htt>iU|l iu Utah.

MITCHELL and BAIN WAGONS.

CHAMPION AND WOOD MACHINES.

Deir* and Moline Plows.

Hair Block soxjthjof Theatre, Salt Lake City, Utah.

heber J. Grant, prest.

j. f. Grant, Mgr.

t YOUNG W;HARDYj C<) MVh'> S INC0H?0*A-TS!D.

_UH*XCB1L*I>—

i DRY GOODS, Newest Varittits.

Standard Prices.

STATU AUD fANCT G li OOBBJES,.;

AiteAys Fr<sk *nd Wheleseme.

A COMPLKTl A5SO»TMIKT Of BOOTS a*i<* SHOES.

K**rytki*tfor Fsottuear in tke Best Styles.

Town & Country Trad* Cartfully Attended te.

Oyf>.

Z. C. U.

I., East Tmmplh Strbkt, SALT LAKE CITY Insure Your Homes E3I O 3s£IE] UTAH.

$1,000 for cts.

Ctste less Than Two Cents a Day to Insure.

ft takss less than a day to lost a thousand dollars by fire.

HEBERJ.GRANT&CO, GENERAL AGENTS, 40 Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.