F^EPFjE5Ef\iT5 Th|E jk MiItL/iLI VE-ME^T^S^DC^TIDlsls.

XKV jl-)E L/3T7Ef^D/lY S^lpTsI PUBLISHER BYSALT—LAKE-CITY

THE

CONTRIBUTOR CONTENTS FOR MARCH, i.sss.

PACE.

ENGRAVING:

Daniel H. Wells Frontispiece.

-iHvnn Legion fl.

IV.

Young I'll"Height and Pow 1 Whitmer B. H.

Roberts Concerning Shakespeare Laurence Darrett, in North American

Our Loves and Hates J. E Talmdgt.* [73 How they Lived Five Hundred Years Ago /•'. Myron Colby, in Phrenological Journal ita Customs /. H. Ward Pergamos M.

II. Greenhalgh 1S5 Horses and Hunting in Persia W. Von SchierbranJ, in the Cosmoptlitan

Discoveries in Physiology J. R. B [92 Sonnet Ruby Lamont Editorial:

"The Drivel of Age"With on Ambulance.

Wm. S. Cheesman, M.D., in Youth's Companion l< 7 Association Intelligence -OGDEN and LOGAN, UTAH.

—MONTPELIER, IDAHO.

Wholesale and Retail—Your Orders are Solicited.

IVX. SHlEIyD» 4fc CO., -•O Sm -46 STATI »T.

CHICAGO.

G. F. Culmer & Bros., iSALT LAKE CITY, UTiLH,;

FINH Manufacturers of and Dealers in MIESOE6.tRhWSRhBShE.

iiiii Warkars in German Silvar and G-lass. m -MANUFACTURERS OFSHOW CASKS Wholesale Grocers Md^!,S f e,he <,°* Enamel Faints

iTHE> ^-Thomson ^ ^M gpice go.,-* WOmtftS Mitt UKHUT^'U^^S 0? THt flHtST

SPICES UD FLAVORING EXTRACT KNOWN TO THE TFfcADK.

Proprietors of trie K"am- i''. "oiia Brand, of—=—

= RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAGO In relation to Tfce people or lUata-.

•re sensibly united'-.

In preferlngr those V.

Cto Bade at z. c.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Look fob the Sranb.

AMERICA AHEAD!!!

[THE BEST THREAD porSEWING MACHINES] ff Inkl ITBf-IIlt|;;I^V SIX-CORD SPOOL COTTON FOB SILK BY ALL LEADI-N'G DEALERS.

ASK FOR IT I BUY IT H TRYi''^

©.

F>. TEiABIDED, I>. O BOX 352.

SALT LAKc: CITY.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes,

Hardware, Notions, and all kinds or

GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CAffON.

BLACK CANON.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAND CANON OF THE ARKANSAS.

UTAH CENTRAL RAILWT PIONEER LINE OF UTAH, Runs Regular Trains for Convenience of Public, Prom OGDEN to FRISCO.

SAFE-:-:-:-:-:-:-COMFORTABLB.-:-:-:-:-;-:-QUICK.

JOHN SHARP, General Supi.

JAMES SHARP, Asst. Genl.Supt, FRANCIS COPE, Gen. Freight 6* Tkt. Agt.

Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

LEADING LUMBjER DEALERS fII Ru$tic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

aVSBTTHIlT& THAT B-CJIH.IDE^S 2JTEE3D SOUTH TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY.

*-Hll^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^jjg o ooooooooooooo oooooooooooooo o WHITE & SONS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Cured Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

v Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

WHITE dfe ^OW^, W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE No.

282.

S-A.X/T Xi-A-KIIE CITT.

o oooooooooooooo ooooooooooooo o t<°°- P.

O. CALDBR, j*g EXHIBITED AT ALL IMPORTANT WORLD'S INDUSTRIAL ^% fiA COMPETITIVE EXHIBITIONS SINGE THE. YEAR 1867^ &J -JJlA MASON & HAMLIN ORGANS HAVE ALWAYS „f% ** arIIt ^ ^ BEEN FOUND BEST AND AWARDED aA %S THE MUSICAL ^/S HIGHEST HONORS.

SEND, A V* MASON AND FOR CATALOGUE ^ 1 lA P HAMLIN COMPAMY MANUFACTURE TONE, GREAT- Q EST EXCELLENCE^** AND DURABILITY.

THE MASON & HAMLIN COMPANY PLEDGE THEMSELVES THAT EVERY PIANO OF THEIR MAKE SHALL ILLUSTRATE THAT VERY HIGHEST EXCELLENCE WHICH HAS ALWAYS CHARACTERIZED j THEIR ORGANS CATALOGUE WITH FULL DESCRIPTION FREE ONE HUNDRED STYLES, S ADAPTED TO ALL USES FROM THE SMALLEST. YET HAVING THE MASON & HAMLIN CHARACTERISTICS. at#22.upto#900.etc

UPRIGHT PIANOFORTES ADDING TO ALL IMPROVEMENTS ONE OF PECULIAR PRACTICAL VALUE, TENDING TO GREATEST PURITY AND REFINEMENT OF TONE AND DURABILITY, ESPECIALLY DIMINISHED LIABILITY TO GET OUT OF TUNE.

CIRCULARS FREE.

SOXjH) OIsT:E-A.S"5T TEE^Ik/liS.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED.

45 and 47 W. First South St., Salt Lake City.

HENRY DINWOODEY.

»>!«< PUfiNITUBE.

Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, BABY CARRIAGES, SLEDS. BBAOKETS, MIKEOKS, YERTTMIXO IK HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

First South St., Salt Lake City.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0905eng

^mttu M. Mttd

©t« GBorp of (Bxolj fa Jntelltamt.

Vol.

IX.

MARCH, 1888.

No.

5.

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

^N the history of the Nauvoo Legion, the year 1853 was by no means un- ^ eventful.

In Jan- ||p uary of tnat year the Governor _ lis.

stated that the militia numbered over two thousand; many of whom in the following summer were to be actively employed or kept on the alert by the restlessness and hostility of the Indians.

Early in April, Walker, the Ute chief, began to evince hostile feelings, by ordering settlers back who went in pursuit of horse thieves, and in many other ways.

While at the same time a report gained currency and was generally believed that a horde of Mexicans or "out-landish men"were in the southern part of the Territory stirring the Indians up to strife and furnishing them with guns and ammunition. A proclamation was issued by the Governor reciting the facts and directing thirty men under Captain Wall to go south through the settlements, in a reconnoitering expedition, with authority under United States statutes to arrest those who were dealing unlawfully with the Indians.

Governor Young and a small party left for the southern settlements at the same time.

An incident occurred at Provo which shed some light upon the supposed Mexican invasion.

One morning, while standing upon his carriage steps, arranging his baggage preparatory to proceeding onward, the Gover- S nor was accosted in a very abrupt manner by a stranger, a man whom he knew nothing of, and had never seen before.

This man, it afterwards transpired, was an American, a native of New York State, who had been living some years in Mexico.

The stranger said in a rough, authoritative tone, "Is Governor Young in this carriage?""No, sir,"answered the Governor, "but he is on the steps of it; what is wanting?"Governor Young turned round to see who addressed him and was confronted by a stranger, dressed from head to foot in buckskin, pretty well smoked.

"I have a little privacy with you,"said the stranger;

whereupon the Governor stepped aside far enough not be heard by any other person and replied, "Say on, sir.""But I want to see you in private,"replied the man.

"But I have no privacy with strangers,"said the Governor, "if you have any communication to make to me, you can do it by letter."The stranger then walked away.

He was a dangerous man in appearance and armed to the teeth—circumstances that, taken in connection with the many lawless remarks he had made throughout the Territory and the nature of his occupation, led Governor Young to "have his own thoughts of the intentions"of the stranger.

This man, it seems, was carrying on an unlawful traffic with the Indians; that he not only sold them arms and ammunition, but that he purchased their children who were to be sold into slavery.

He boasted of having four hundred Mexican followers on the headwaters of the

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

Sevier, but this formidable array turned out to be a band of one hundred and fifty Yampa Utes, who afterwards joined

Walker in his raids.

The man of buckskin boasted of asking no odds of the authorities of the Territory, but calculated, he said, to buy all the Indian children he could.

He was told it was against the law.

He replied, "Catching is before hanging."No direct results appear to have followed from the invasion of this slaver, but how far his lawless talk and actions may have influenced the Indians to open hostilities, or how far his unlawful disposal to them of arms and ammunition may have led to the same result it is impossible to estimate.

There can be little doubt, however, that his supplying the Indians with arms and ammunition was an important factor in leading to the serious outbreak of the succeeding summer.

Walker, the Ute chief, who caused the trouble of 1853, ls one °f the most noted Indians this inter-mountain region has produced.

Whether he ever really felt friendship toward the Mormon settlers is much of a question.

He often professed friendship, and it was said was even baptized into the Mormon Church; and it is true that he was frequently absent when raids were committed, which he seldom failed to characterize as the irresponsible acts of his young men.

But, shrewd as he was, the blame for these thieving expeditions was generally placed where it belonged.

Joseph Walker, who got his name from some early trapper, was born on Spanish

Fork (Pequi-nary-no-quint, or Stinking Creek), in Utah County, about 1808, we are told by Dimick B. Huntington in the pages of the "Route from Liverpool,"from which the chief incidents of this sketch of Walker's life are drawn.

In his boyhood, he used to say, the deer were very thick and the buffalo more numerous than the Mormon cattle.

His father obtained the first horse that came into this section of country, as far as he remembers, and not knowing anything of the nature of the animal or that it required anything to eat, tied it up to the corner of his wigwam, where in the natural course of events it died of starvation.

In the days of his youth, and even when the first white men came among them, the Timpanogas Indians, to which he then belonged, were quite numerous.

The Snakes, who then occupied the valley of the Great Salt Lake and the surrounding country, were the hereditary foes of the Timpanogas, and Walker remembers to have gone into many battles with his father against them.

When he was about twenty years old a part of his own tribe deserted and joined the Snakes, among them being one of his own uncles and a number of other relatives.

This small band of seceders intermarried with the Snakes, and we have it upon the authority of Walker that the loathsome Digger Indians are the offspring of the intermariage. The seceders even joined the Snakes in their warfare against the Timpanogas, then located on the Timpanogas or Provo River.

Walker's father and about forty of his relatives, entertaining scruples against fighting their own kindred, withdrew from the

Provo River and moved over to Spanish

Fork to live.

But this did not meet the approval of the tribe and they attacked the little band of dissidents and killed Walker's father, whom Walker and his brother Arrapeen, whose proper name was Senior Roach, buried about a mile south of Spanish Fork in Rock Canyon.

The two brothers then made reprisals upon the larger band by creeping into their village and killing four of their number.

At his father's death Walker assumed command of the band.

Two years later he went over to the Uintah Valley, where, he alleged, he died, his spirit being absent from the body a day and a night.

According to his account, his spirit went to heaven, where he saw

God and great multitudes of angels.

None of the latter spoke to him, but God talked with him and told him he must come back to the earth again for his work was not done, some white friends were coming to see him.

Before returning God gave him a new name, Pannacarra-quinker, which signifies Iron

Twister.

This was about two years be-

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

fore the advent of the pioneers.

From that time until 1853, a period of six years, he appears to have been friendly, from what cause it is impossible to state.

But his power as a chief had extended so largely beyond the authority possessed by his father, that it would have been easy for him to have materially hindered the settlement of these valleys if not restrained by friendship or fear.

The former may have had something, much indeed, to do with it, but the latter also must have had its weight.

Utah was not settled in a careless, hap-hazard manner, but cautiously, with a constant effort to command the respect of the aborigines where their friendship could not be gained.

President Young in a sermon, in early times, said that all colonies have had trouble with the natives, and that it was because they did not know how to take care of themselves.

"When we first entered Utah,"he said, "we were prepared to meet all Indians in the mountains, and kill every soul of them if we had been obliged so to do.

This preparation secured us peace.

Every settlement that has been made in these valleys of the mountains has received strict charge from me to build, in the first place a fort, and to live in it until they were sufficiently strong to live in towns;"that the settlers had been urged to provide themselves with arms and ammunition.

The early organization of the Legion and the chastisement administered to the Timpanogas Utes in the winter of '49-'5o, added still further to the respect in whichWalker and other leading

Indians must have held the new-comers.

But whether at first Walker entertained a genuine friendship for the Saints, or whether he was held in check by fear, the time came when his followers broke out in hostility against the settlers.

The Deseret News of July 30, 1853, states that it is well known to the residents of the Territory that for more than a year past, Walker had been surly in his feelings and conduct, and that he had seemed to seek a quarrel out of small pretexts that in former times he would have entirely disregarded; that it is equally well known that in the midst of all Walker's folly, Governor Young had pursued an invariable and mild course towards him and his tribe, and had counseled the citizens to do the same, and that such counsel had been followed in all the settlements without serious deviation, but that all this had not prevented the exhibition of the perfect folly and wickedness of this chief.

"His cunning and treachery, his thieving and murderous propensities have outweighed the constantly open and extended hand of utmost kindness, and on a mere pretext, which he could have arranged satisfactorily in a moment had he possessed a spark of good feeling, he has declared open war."Even after hostilities had begun, Governor Young not despairing of preventing difficulties, which, it was evident, would prove a serious and expensive matter for the settlers, made renewed overtures of peace.

As late as the twenty-fifth of July he sent by an interpreter the following letter to Walker:

G.

S.

L, City, July 25, 1853.

Capt.

Walker:

I send you some tobacco for you to smoke in the mountains when you get lonesome.

You are a fool for fighting your best friends, for we are the best friends, and the only friends that you have in the world.

Everybody else would kill you if they could get a chance.

If you get hungry send some friendly Indian down to the settlements and we will give you some beefcattle and flour.

If you are afraid of the tobacco which I send you, you can let some of your prisoners try it first and then you will know that it is good.

When you get good natured again, I would like to see you.

Don't you think you would be ashamed?

You know that I have always been your best friend.

Brigham Young.

Hostilities began at Springville on the seventeenth of July, 1853.

Walker, with his two brothers Arrapeen and Ammon, and many warriors of the tribe were camped on the Peteetneet just above Payson.

They threatened Springville, but the inhabitants had received timely notice, and being numerous and watchful no damage was done.

The next day Arrapeen had the effrontery to appear at the Payson fort where the inhabitants, because of the apparent friendliness of

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

the Indian, in pursuance of their policy of pacification furnished him with a hospitable meal, but the treacherous savage as he rode out of town shot Alexander Kiele dead.

Arrapeen hastened to the Indian encampment, and the band fearing attack moved up Peteetneet Canyon, firing heavily as they passed, upon some half-dozen families settled in the canyon, but doing no harm.

On the night of the nineteenth the Indians planned a surprise upon the fort at Pleasant Creek, in

Sanpete County, but were fired upon by the guard and driven away with the loss of one of their number.

On the same night they drove off several head of cattle from Manti, stole a number of horses from Nephi, and in a second attack upon Springville, wounded William

Jolly in the arm.

The next night, that of the twentieth, an attempt to steal horses from the Allred settlement in Sanpete Valley was made and frustrated, and the guard was fired on at Nephi.

These attacks made at distant points and characterized by an attempt to shed blood demonstrated both the hostility and the large force of the bitter raiders.

Steps were immediately taken to meet the danger.

Colonel Conover was despatched from Provo, on the ninteenth, with one hundred and fifty men, with orders to assist the weak settlements, reconnoiter the country and to rendezvous and await further orders at Manti, which place he reached on the evening of the twentieth.

At the same time Lieutenant-Colonel W. H. Kimball with one hundred men drawn from the Life

Guards and from the First Regiment of Cavalry was despatched to Peteetneet canyon with instructions to join Colonel

Conover.

About the same time Colonel Stephen Markham with sixty volunteers was sent south on the same mission.

July 25th, Colonel Geo. A. Smith was put in command of the Southern Military District, comprising all of the Territory south of Salt Lake City.

He at once inaugurated energetic measures for the safety of the settlements.

The governor had issued a general order as commander-in-chief, in which commanders of districts and forts were required to strengthen and put in order their walls, to maintain efficient guards and discipline, to see that there were ample arms and ammunition on hand, and to observe other precautions necessary to safety.

These regulations were not observed or were carelessly attended to in many cases, and it was Colonel Smith's first labor upon assuming command to correct indifference in this particular.

It was on this occasion, and because of carelessness in the defensive preparations at Provo, that Colonel Smith preferred charges against Colonel Conover;

these, as has already been stated, were subsequently withdrawn.

As indicative of the perilous circumstances, under which the southern part of the Territory was settled, a condition of affairs that is almost beyond the comprehension of those who did not experience its terrors and now dwelling in the peaceful vales of Utah, the following paragraph of the order referred to is quoted:

IX.

To all we wish to say, that it is evident that the Indians intend to prey and subsist upon our stock and will shoot and kill whenever and wherever they can.

It is therefore expected that these orders will be rigidly enforced and complied with, and the small settlements in Peteetneet Canyon, and all such exposed places must be evacuated and the inhabitants of all weak settlements and stronger ones upon their borders should not be permitted to wander out any distance from the forts alone; or after dark, but keep themselves secure, and not permit any sense of security to lull them into a spirit of carelessness or indifference to their safety.

Let every enterprise be guarded;

and look out that you are not surprised in harvesting and haying in the fields, or in hauling between the fields and stack-yards;

and as soon as may be thresh the wheat and safely store it, and be careful that you save hay sufficient for the winter if you should have to keep up stock or in case any emergency should arise.

We do not expect that any person will complain or think it hard to comply with these instructions, for it is for their good and salvation for them to do so.

The safety of the settlements depends upon it, and we expect them to be complied with, whether it suits every individual circumstance or not, and the Commandants of the various Military Districts and authorities of the various settlements are required to carry them out."

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

Meanwhile Indian depredations continued despite the militia sent out to oppose them.

July 24th, Clark Roberts and John Berry, who were carrying an express from the lower settlements to Provo, were wounded while en route at

Summit Creek (Santaquin), by Indians secreted in the vacated houses of the village.

Within twenty minutes of their arrival at Provo, twenty mounted men started out in pursuit, but do not appear to have been successful.

Colonel Conover sent out a scouting party from Manti under Lieutenant-Colonel Jabez Nowlin, July 23d, that fell in with twenty or thirty Indians about ten miles east of

Pleasant Creek, in Sanpete County, who were hailed by an interpreter, and in reply stated that they were enemies, and at once began to fire.

Colonel Nowlin charged them and killed six or seven of their number and dispersed the remainder without loss to his own command, which he led back to Manti the next day.

For a few days the savages remained quiet, but on the tenth of August, they attacked Lieutenant R.

Burns and a party of ten men encamped on Clover Creek in Juab County, and after an engagement lasting over an hour wounded Isaac Duffin slightly in the knee, killed two horses, and themselves suffered the loss of a warrior.

On the seventeenth of August, a party of four men were hauling lumber from

Snyder's mill near Parley's Park, and had arrived just east of the Big Mountain, over which the road then led, when they were fired upon by a party of ambushed

Indians.

John Dixon and John Quayle were instantly killed, and John Hoagland was wounded in the fleshy part of the arm.

The latter and John Knight cut. loose a pair of horses upon which they escaped to the city, leaving the dead and four horses and two mules in possession of the Indians.

A detachment of forty men, with a proper complement of officers, was sent out to recover the bodies and scour the country east of Salt Lake and Provo. The bodies of Dixon and Quayle were unmutilated.

The detachment does not appear to have been successful in finding any Indians.

A few weeks earlier Corporal John Dickson of the battalion of Life Guards was killed near Snyder's mill.

On the 22d of August, Colonel G. A.

Smith, and on the 24th Lieutenant-Colonel Wm. H.

Kimball, arrived in Salt Lake City from Iron County, and reported that all the settlements south of the capital were in an excellent condition of defense, and that the inhabitants were vigilant.

Colonel Kimball's party was closely watched by Indians day and night for several days, but were not attacked, and the Indians despairing of catching the party unaware, retreated into the mountains upon reaching Punjun Spring in Juab County.

September 13th William Hatton, while on guard at Fillmore, was shot and killed.

This deed was, however, attributed to the Pauvants who had been ugly and had committed a number of trivial thefts in the neighborhood.

On the twenty-sixth of the same month, Major Stephen Markham, with his command, encountered some Indians encamped near the mouth of Salt Creek and after firing from both sides in which

C. B. Hancock was wounded and four

Indians are supposed to have been killed, the militia withdrew and returned home.

Near the same place on the second of October, there was a skirmish in which eight Indians were killed and a number captured.

Two days earlier James Nelson, William Luke, William Reed and Thomas Clark started with two teams loaded with wheat to come from Manti to Salt Lake City.

About day-break on the first of October, while camped at Uintah Springs "just east of

Salt Creek Canyon,"they were attacked and all killed.

Their bodies were subsequently recovered and found to be horribly mutilated.

Two men named John E. Warner and William Mills were killed two or three hundred yards above the grist mill on the outskirts of Manti, on the fourth;

while ten days later Ferney F.

Tindrel, one of a party who were endeavoring to secure their crops, was killed at Summit Creek.

In addition to these more serious outbreaks the Indians stole cattle from

i66 THE NAUVOO LEGION.

many of the settlements, and burned down deserted flour and saw mills, and perpetrated various other offenses of a similar nature.

In the course of the summer the Indians made what appears to have been their most successful raid.

The scene was Allred's settlement in Sanpete where they ran off two hundred head of cattle.

In the course of a sermon not long after this unfortunate event, President Young said:

"I recollect when we were down at Father Allred's set'lement last April;

they had previously been to me, not only to know if they might settle in Sanpete, but if they might separate widely from each other over a piece of land about two miles square, each having a five acre lot for their garden,near their farms. They were told to build a good substantial fort until their settlement became sufficiently strong, and not live so far apart and expose themselves and their property to danger.

Father Allied told me they were then so nigh together they did not know how to live.

I told him they had better make up their minds to be baptized into the Church again ani get the Spint of God, that each one m.iy be able to live at peace with his neighbor in dose qua'ters and not think himseif miringed upon.

They wanted toknowif they were to build a fort.

Why, yes, I said, build a stiong fort and a cortal to put your cattle in that the I ndi ins cannot get them aw ly from you."But the Indians made the raid, the stock were not properly guarded and were lost.

''After the cattle were stolen, continues President Young, "a messenger arrived here in about thirty hours to report the affair and obtain advice.

I told Brother Wells you can write to them and say: Inasmuch as you have no oxen and cows to trouble you, you can go to harvesting and take care of yourselves."

During the continuance of these hostilities, the settlers, under the advice of leading men, acted almost entirely on the defensive.

The policy was to "fort up,"to be cautious, to guard property, and thus to furnish little opportunity for the

Indians to make successful attacks—

a condition of affairs which would soon terminate the war.

In pursuance of this policy and believing that it was better to keep men at home to guard their families and attend to their crops than to send them on long and perhaps fruitless or even disastrous expeditions into the wilderness, but few efforts at offensive warfare were made by the Saints. There were however a great many expeditions rendered necessary by extraordinary events or for the purpose of overawing the aborigines.

The success of this method of meeting the Indians was soon demonstrated, for in the autumn they tired of a warfare in which there was so little glory and were so few spoils.

In the early winter the savages began to come into the settlements importuning for those necessities of life which they had been unable to steal.

The hand of friendship was invariably extended to them.

It was cheaper to feed them than to fight them.

It was in August, 1853, that a committee of the Council of Salt Lake City, composed of Albert Carrington,

Parley P. Pratt and Franklin D. Richards, submitted a report suggesting the line of the contemplated wall around the city.

The wall itself was to be twelve feet high, six feet thick at the bottom, sloping to a thickness of two and one-half feet at half the height of the wall, and to run up the remaining six feet at a uniform thickness of two and one-half feet.

The wall was to be constructed of the earth and gravel along its course, mixed with sage brush, willows, grass, weeds, bullrushes or other vegetation.

The earth was to be so taken as to leave a ditch outside and at the foot of the wall.

Bastions at frequent intervals and gates at the most convenient points were suggested.

The wall was to be two thousand seven hundred and thirty-one rods in length, beginning at a point eight rods south of the southeast corner of lot three, in block one, of plot "B,"and running an irregular course around the city as far north as the bath house block and as far west as the Jordan.

The money was to be raised by collecting ten dollars upon every lot enclosed and the residue from the lots in proportion to their improved value.

This report was adopted at once and the construction ordered under the direction of the committee.

But the citizens did not all take hold of the matter with enthusiasm, and it was only after repeated spurrings from the

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

pulpit and the press that a portion of the wall was built.

The task was a great one.

It does not seem strange that a small town, scarcely six years old, with all the labors of pioneering a new and difficult region before them, should have been appalled at the task of constructing between eight and nine miles of wall twelve feet high.

Associated with Captain Stansbury in the survey of the Great Salt Lake in 1849, was Lieutenant J. W. Gunnison of the U.

S. Topographical Engineers. These officers with their parties wintered in Great

Salt Lake City in 1849-'50, where they were the recipients of much attention on the part of the leading citizens.

A mutual regard was engendered; which, on the part of the officers,.has shown itself in their published writings, and which, on the part of the Mormons, not only may be found asserted in their prints, but recollections and traditions of which are to be encountered to-day among the families of the older residents.

The destiny of the Mormons being always to suffer misrepresentation, the report became current in the east that the members of the surveying party were not well treated by the Mormons.

In one of the two or three earliest numbers of the

Deseret News, Captain Stansbury addressed a communication to the editor in which he states:

"An impression, I find, has gone abroad not only that we are received with coldness and suspicion, but that the survey of the Great Salt Lake, which was the object of the expedition, has been forcibly opposed by the inhabitants of the valley."He states that he does not know how such a rumor became prevalent.

"Let that be as it may,"he adds, "I take pleasure in declaring nothing can be further from the truth."He adds that he had been received by the President and authorities with the greatest courtesy, with every token of kindness, and that every facility in the prosecution of their labor had been afforded them by the people.

The expedition returned to the east, but Lieutenant Gunnison, in the meantime promoted to a Captaincy, returned to Utah in 1853, m charge of what was termed the "Central Pacific Railroad Surveying Expedition."In the fall of that year Captain Gunnison with two parties was working in the vicinity of the Sevier Lake.

The Indian troubles of the preceding summer had subsided, and it was therefore in the nature of a thunder clap from a clear sky, when, on the thirty- first of October, an express from Fillmore bore intelligence of the massacre of Captain Gunnison and seven of his party by the Indians.

The outrage, which occurred near the upper end of the Sevier Lake, was not committed by the Utes, the hostiles of the previous summer, but by the Pauvants, in revenge for the unprovoked killing of one of their prominent men a short time before by Hildreth's party of California emigrants.

It was asserted by the opponents of Mormonism that this was another Mormon outrage, and the story gained some credence, notwithstanding the facts that there was no evidence to substantiate it, that Potter, the guide, who fell with Captain Gunnison, was a Mormon, and that the Deseret News, the Presidency in their epistle, the governor in his message and the chief men of the community in letters to the unhappy widow, expressed the deepest sympathy at the loss of an officer of such excellent character, a man endeared to the community by the urbanity of his deportment.

In the spring of 1S54, Governor Young and a large escort made a tour through the southern settlements.

Walker, who sought formal peace, arranged to have a talk with the Governor at Chicken Creek.

The first day after the arrival of the Governor's party, Walker refused to talk because of the severe illness of his child.

But the child was better the succeeding day, and a council was held in which peace was arranged.

Walker disclaimed complicity in the hostilities of the preceding year, and attributed the outbreak to the uncontrollable disposition of his young warriors.

Governor Young, it appears, credited the statement and took occasion to say many kind words both in private and public concerning the chief.

General Wells relates an incident that

1 68 THE HEIGHT AND POWER OF WAVES.

illustrates the dignity of the Indian character in general, and in particular that of

Walker, who is described as being excessively proud.

There were several wagon loads of trinkets in the Governor's train, to be distributed by him, as Superintendent of Indian Affairs, to Walker and his braves.

Among other things, were several sacks of plugtobacco.

When the grand pow-wow was about to begin, the Indians being arranged along one side of a tepee and the Governor and a few prominent men along the other, it was of course necessary to clear up the subject a little by a preliminary smoke.

So the tobacco was brought in and General Wells, at the suggestion of the Governor, distributed it to the Indians present in quarter plugs.

But the native politeness and diplomacy of the

General for once forsook him, and he was guilty of an indiscretion which may have led to renewed hostilities.

Instead of removing his hat and approaching each of the assembled braves to distribute the tobacco, he pulled the pieces from the bag and tossed one across the tent to each of the warriors.

Walker did not raise a hand.

When some one pointed out his piece of tobacco, he indignantly rejected it, with a remark to the effect that he objected to the manner of giving, that it was "like throwing a bone to a dog."The discourtesy was atoned, and the General presented his chief-ship a new piece with an elegance that would have graced the court of Louis XVI.

Walker was appeased and remarked that while Governor Young was a big chief, he was a big chief too.

Whereupon he illustrated his idea by holding up his thumbs side by side, one as high as the other.

Walker died January 25th, 1855, at Meadow Creek, Millard County.

In accordance with Ute custom, the occasion was observed by the slaughter of human beings.

In this case, two Piede squaws and two Piede children, and in addition, twenty horses, accompanied Walker to the happy hunting grounds.

This sacrifice of life, great as it was, was moderate compared with the dying request of the great chief.

R.

IV.

Young-.

The Height and Power of Waves.

—It is a very common phrase to speak of the waves during a storm as "running mountains high;"but this really means nothing.

Accurate measurements made by Scoresby proved that, during storms, waves in the Atlantic rarely exceed forty-three feet from hollow to crest, the distance between the crests being five hundred and sixty feet, and their speed thirty-two and a half miles an hour.

More recent observations in the Atlantic give from forty-four feet to forty-eight feet as the highest measured waves;

but such heights are rarely reached, and, indeed, waves exceeding thirty feet are very seldom encountered.

The monsoon waves at Kurrachee breakwater works were found to dash over the wall to the depth of eighteen feet, or about forty feet above mean sealevel.

The greatest heights of waves on the British coast were those observed in

Wick Bay—so famous for the exceptionally heavy seas which roll into it being thirty-seven and a half to forty feet.

Green seas to the depth of twentyfive feet poured over the parapet of the breakwater at intervals of from seven to ten minutes, each wave, it was estimated, being a mass of forty thousand tons of water, and this continuously for three days and nights.

The iron-pile lighthouse erected on the Bishop Rock wascarried away by unbroken seas striking the dwelling, the floor of which was eighty-five feet above high water.

A tower of granite was subsequently erected on the Bishop, and in i860 the waves carried away the fog bell, weighing three hundred pounds, at an elevation of one hundred feet above the sea.

In the Shetland Islands blocks of stone have been quarried at the height of seventy to seventy- five feet above the mean sea level.

But these instances of the action of the waves during storms sink into insignificance when it is mentioned that blocks of concrete, weighing from one to two thousand pounds were carried away by the repeated assaults of the wild rollers of Wick Bay.

Look up and lift up.

DAVID WHITMER.

DAVID WHITMER.

David Whitmer died at his residence in Richmond, Missouri, on the 25th of January.

Our readers understand that David Whitmer was one of the three witnesses to the existence of the plates from which the Book of Mormon was translated, they being exhibited to him, Oliver Cowdery and Martin Harris by an angel from heaven who had them in his charge, while the voice of God proclaimed to them that the plates had been translated by the power of God, and commanded them to bear record of what they had seen and heard.

This they did, and their testimony was given to the world, printed on the fly-leaf of the first edition of the Book of Mormon, and has also accompanied every edition that has since been published.

These three witnesses are now dead, and their testimony is left with the world.

Whatever faults they possessed as men, whatever laws of God they violated in their lives, they have been unwavering in their faithfulness to the testimony they received and were commanded to bear to the world.

And though the Church found it necessary to disfellowship them for misconduct, they still remained faithful to their testimony; and no amount of persuasion or force of circumstances could be brought to bear upon them sufficiently to make them deny the testimony they had received and published to the world.

Oliver Cowdery and Martin Harris returned to the Church and died in full fellowship with the Saints; David Whitmer, however, never returned; but to the last he was faithful to the trust which God had committed to his keeping.

Within three weeks of his death, in the presence of his grandson and Angus M.

Cannon, President of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, with hand uplifted to heaven he solemnly reaffirmed the testimony he has so often repeated to men in this generation.

It was my privilege to call upon him at his home a few years ago and listen to his testimony.

He stated that the Book of Mormon was true, that his statement in connection with that of Oliver Cowdery and Martin

Harris was strictly correct, he had nothing to add to it, nor to diminish from it; and to that testimony he adhered until death called him from this earth.

David Whitmer was born January 7, 1805, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, so that he was eighty-three years old at the time of his death.

His father is described as a God-fearing, hard-working man, "that after the most straitest sect of. religion"he lived a Presbyterian, and was also a soldier of the American Revolution.

While David was an infant his father and family removed to the western part of New York, about twenty-five miles from Palmyra, where they lived until 1831.

The first David Whitmer heard ol Joseph Smith and the Book of Mormon was in the year 1828, through Oliver Cowdery, a young school teacher in Palmyra, near where the family of the Prophet Joseph lived, and with whom Cowdery was acquainted.

Through the excitement in that neighborhood, and what he heard respecting the finding of the plates, David and Oliver became interested in the subject, and finally Cowdery decided to go to Harmony, Pennsylvania, to which place Joseph Smith had removed because of the persecution of his neighbors; and he promised the Whitmers that if there was any truth about Joseph having the plates he would write them.

Meeting with the prophet in Harmony, and becoming convinced that he had the plates, he remained to act as scribe in the work of translation, and shortly afterwards wrote to David Whitmer, and called upon him to come to Harmony and take the prophet and himself to his father's house, that they might there complete the work of translation.

This David did, and Joseph, his wife and Olivery Cowdery lived with the Whitmers until the work of translation was completed.

In the course of the work of translat-

DAVID

WHITMER.

ing they came to these words respecting the coming forth of the book:

At that day when the book shall be delivered unto the man of whom

I have spoken, the book shall be hid from the eyes of the world, that the eyes of none shall behold it save it be that three witnesses shall behold it by the gift and power of God, besides him to whom the book shall be delivered; and they shall testify to the truth of the book and the things therein.

(II Nephi xxvii, 12).

Learning from this that there were to be three special witnesses to behold the plates by the power of God and bear testimony of their truth to the world Cowdery, Whitmer and Harris desired the Prophet Joseph to inquire of the Lord if they might not become those witnesses.

Joseph inquired and received through the Urim and Thummim a revelation from which we quote the following:

Behold, I say unto you, that you must rely upon my word, which if you do, with full purpose of heart, you shall have a view of the plates, and also of the breastplate, the sword of Laban, the Urim and Thummim, which were given to the brother of Jared upon the mount, when he talked with the

Lord face to face, and the miraculous directors which were given to Lehi while in the wilderness, on the borders of the Red Sea; and it is by your faith that you shall obtain a view of them, even by that faith which was had by the prophet of old.

And after that you have obtained faith, and have seen them with your eyes, you shall testify of them, by the power of God; and this you shall do that my servant Joseph Smith, Jr., may not be destroyed, that I may bring about my righteous purposes unto the children of men in this work.

And ye shall testify that you have seen them, even as my servant Joseph

Smith Jr., has seen them, for it is by my power that he has seen them, and it is because he had faith; and he has translated the book, even that part which I have commanded him, and as your

Lord and your God liveth it is true.

(Doc. & Cov., sec. xvii, 1—6).

The circumstances connected with these witnesses obtaining a view of the plates, etc., we learn from the words of the Prophet Joseph:

Not many days after the above commandment was given, we four, viz., Martin Harris David Whitmer, Oliver Cowdery and myself, agreed to retire into the woods, and try to obtain by fervent and humble prayer, the fulfilment of the promises given in the revelation that they should have a view of the plates, etc.

We accordingly made choice of a piece of woods convenient to Mr. Whitmer's house, to which we retired, and having knelt down, we began to pray in much fait to Almighty God to bestow upon us a realizati r, of these promises.

According to previous rangements I commenced by vocal prayer our heavenly Father and was followed by eac of the rest in succession.

We did not, ho>v ver, obtain any answer or manifestation of the divine favor in our behalf.

We again observed the same order o* prayer, each calling on and praying fervently to God in rotation, but with the same result as before.

Upon this our second failure, Martin Harris proposed that he should withdraw himself from us, believing, as he expressed himself, that his presence was the cause of our not obtaining what we wished for; he accordingly withdrew from us, and we knelt down again, and had not been many minutes engaged in prayer, when presently we beheld a light above us in the air, of exceeding brightness; and behold, an angel stood before us; in his hand he held the plates which we had been praying for these to have a view of;

he turned over the leaves one by one, so that we could see them, and discover the engravings thereon distinctly.

He then addressed'himself to David Whitmer, and said, "David, blessed is the Lord, and he that keeps His commandments."When, immediately afterwards, we heard a voice from out of the bright light above us, saying, "These plates have been revealed by the power of God, and they have been translated by the power of God.

The translation of them which you have seen is correct, and I command you to bear record of what you now see and hear."

I now left David and Oliver, and went in pursuit of Martin Harris, whom

I found at a considerable distance fervently engaged in prayer.

He soon told me, however, that he had not yet prevailed with the Lord, and earnestly requested me to join him in prayer, that he also might realize the same blessings which we had just received.

We accordingly joined in prayer, and ultimately obtained our desires, for before we had yet finished, the same vision was opened to our view, at least it was again to me, and I once more beheld and heard the same things, whilst, at the same moment, Martin Harris cried out, apparently in ecstacy of joy, "'Tis enough; mine eyes have beheld,"and jumping up he shouted "Hosannah,"blessing God, and otherwise rejoiced exceedingly.

DAVID WHITMER.

This event took place in June 1829, and 111 the same month David Whitmer was baptized, and was one of the six members with which the Church was organized in April 1830, and he accompanied the Prophet Joseph on some of his missions in those early days.

In 1830 he also moved to Missouri, and settled on the Big

Blue River not far from Independence, where, during the three years following, he suffered in common with the Saints trom the cruel persecutions heaped upon them by their enemies, and was with the rest of the Saints driven from the county under circumstances of heartlessness unparalleled in history.

Like most of the Saints he settled, temporarily, in Clay County, and in July was appointed President of the High Council organized there, and when two years later the Saints removed to Caldwell County, Missouri, he was appointed President of the Saints, which position he held until the winter of 1838, when he was rejected by the Church in Far West, and in April of the same year was finally excommunicated by the High Council.

The following was the charge preferred and sustained against him:

1st.

For not observing the Word ol Wisdom.

2nd.

For unchristianlike conduct in neglecting to attend meetings, in uniting with and possessing the same spirit as the dissenters.

3rd.

In writing letters to the dissenters in Kirtland, unfavorable to the cause, and to the character ol Joseph Smith, Jr.

4th.

In neglecting the duties of his calling, and separating riimseli lrom the Church, while he had a name imong'us.

5th.

For signing himself President of the Church of Christ, after he had been cut oft from the Presidency.

Soon after this event he removed to Richmond, where he has continued to reside until the time of his death.

In March 1881, one John Murphy represented that David Whitmer had denied to him the truthfulness of his testimony to the Book of Mormon, and this statement brought from the Witness the following, which was published in the Richmond (Mo.) Conservator of the 25th of March 1881:

Unto all nations, ktndrea, tongues ana reopie, unto whom these presents shall come;

It having been represented by one John Murphy, of Polo, Caldwell County, Missouri,, that I, in a conversation with him last summer, denied my testimony as one of the Three Witnesses of the Book of Mormon.

To the end, therefore, that he may understand me now, if he did not then, and that the world may know the truth, I wish now, standing as it were in the very sunset of life, and the fear of God,, once for all to make this public statement:

That I have never at any time denied that testimony or any part thereof, which has sc long since been published with that book, asone of the Three Witnesses.

Those who know me best well know that I have always adhered to that testimony.

And that no man may be misled or doubt my present views in regard to the same, I do again affirm the truth of all my statements as then made and published.

"He that hath an ear to hear, let him hear,"It wa^ no delusion; what is written is written, And he that readeth let him understand.

Accompanying this statement were th e names of some twenty of Richmond's leading citizens, testifying that from a long and intimate acquaintance with him they knew David Whitmer to be, "a man of the highest integrity and of undoubted truth and veracity;"and the Conservator made the following comments editorially.

There is no doubt that Mr. Whitmer, who was one of the Three Witnesses of the authenticity of the gold plates, trom which he asserts that Joe Smith translated the Book of Mormon (a tac simile of the characters he now has in his possession with the original records), is firmly convinced of its divine origin, and while he makes no efforts to obtrude his views or belief, he simply wants the world to know that so far as he is concerned there is no "variableness or shadow of turning.''Having resided here for near a half of a century, it is with no little pride that he points to his past record, with the consciousness that >ie has done nothing derogatory to his character as a citizen and a believer in the Son of Mary to warran such an attack on him, come from what source it may; and now, with the lilies of seventy-fiv^ winters crowning him like an aureole, and his prilgrimage on earth well nigh ended, hereiterates his former statements, and will leave futurity to solve the problem that he was but passing witness ot its lulfilment.

The Witness has now ended his earthly career, and has gone to meet his record

CONCERNING SHAKESPEARE.

behind the vail.

It can be said of him that for more than half a century he has stood a faithful witness for God in the midst of an unbelieving and proud generation, and has never faltered, so far as his testimony to the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon is concerned.

B. H.

Roberts.

CONCERNING SHAKESPEARE.

In the year 1564, in the town of Stratford-on-Avon, England, was born a child whose name was William Shakespeare.

His place of birth, parentage, and many incidents of the domestic life of his family are well attested.

Many incidents of his early boyhood, favorable and otherwise, are also well proven.

His early marriage with a lady older than himself, his departure for London, and his arrival there are not to be gainsaid.

We know positively that he became an actor in London a companion and partner in theatrical enterprises with other men, and whose labors are not denied by contemporaries as of a value increasing year by year.

Contemporary writers extol his genius as a play-writer while living and, in the maturity of his years and powers, he retires to his native town;

becomes the largest landed proprietor in the place; dies there in the full possession of his faculties in 1616;

is buried in the picturesque church of his native town under its very altar—the most honorable and conspicuous place in that temple; and over his grave his widow surviving him causes to be placed a copy of his features and some touching allusions to his worth.

In 1623 two of his surviving partners, fellow actors and managers, venerating his genius, and wishing that his labor should not be lost, collected from the acting copies in the theatre library, from quarters stolen or badly printed, his works, edited them in their poor way, and commended these "trifles"to posterity, in the timid hope that the applause of contemporary audiences might find an echo in the enduring admiration of other ages.

A contemporary poet, who was also a fellow-actor, "rare old Ben"Jonson, in lines immor-, tal, bequeathed the portrait of his rival to posterity.

These are the things that we know, and can lay our hands upon as proofs.

Other confirming facts occur in testimony, as well in the sonnets as in the plays, and in the words of rivals and contemporaries.

To sum up all, we may declare that we know of a man, William

Shakespeare by name, born as above, moving to London as above, and writing and working there; dying as above, and being so spoken of and written about;

and whose surviving works were collected, edited, and published by his fellowactors, and given in type to the public which had known and applauded their author.

What follows?

For two centuries these works have been the study of the wise, the resource and delight of the scholar, and the growing solace of the people.

Whole libraries have been written to clear up doubtful meanings in the text.

Annotators and commentators have reached enduring fame in companionship with this "nature's child,"and criticism has halted with reverence at the door which bears that immortal name.

All nations have striven to make the plays of Shakespeare the text-book of their scholars, and all the boundaries of nationality have been obliterated to naturalize this universal genius.

His characters have passed into realities, as life-like and true as if they had indeed lived, breathed and had their being.

He has created symbols and characterized traits.

He has so dealt with the great passions of human nature that his men and women are emblems.

A whole gallery of his portraits would be the facsimiles of our world, and a catalogue of his passions would begin and end with all that the heart has ever felt. With small

Latin and less Greek he has created a vocabulary by whose side only one volume may be placed—the Bible.

Con

OUR LOVES AND HATES.

fined within the watery band which clasps green England, his far-reaching vision over-looked her boundaries and saw his fellow-man as he lived in all lands.

Ignorant of mere geographical outlines, his knowledge and measurement of the human heart and its wide range of emotions was perfect and true.

Untaught, perhaps, in that technical learning which makes more pedants than scholars, his marvelous vision penetrated deep into life's mystery, and his feeling heart did the rest.

Clear-minded and sane himself, he saw into the halfdisturbed soul of the Royal Dane; into the "overturned vase of the mind of the fair Ophelia,"and scaled the heights where uncrowned Lear foorsook his reason and foreswore his kind.

History in his hands becomes personified narrative, and the kings and queens, the noble and churl, the peasant and the dame, of his own land passed by his clear sight and moved life-like into the field of his recording fancy, there to exist forever.

His creations stand breast high with those of the Old and New Testaments, and when we have torn from the writers of the Bible their Moses, Isaiah, and Ecclesiastes, their evangelists and teachings of the sacred text, we may then, and then only, be ready to deny his Hamlet and his Lear, his tender Imogen and moralizing Jaques, his gallery of Romans and the star-eyed Egyptian, to the "poor player"who lived and died, was buried, and who has come down to us as William Shakespeare.

Now, after two centuries and a half of this belief, we are called upon to reject, not the estimates which time has only deepened as to the works themselves, but the authenticity of their authorship.

The poems, sonnets and plays, now passing as the work of Shakespeare, were not his works at all!

In support of this theory, which is the seed-ground of many others, born of and growing out of it, we are offered conjectural negatives and distorted facts.

It is necessary to declare that the plays and poems in question could not have been the work of

Shakespeare, because of his place ot birth, his condition in life, and of his scanty learning.

When it can be proved that it is only the scholar and the antiquarian who give us our works ot Shakespeare and kindred blessings, we shall not only have corrected history, but we shall have acquired a new debt which ought to be repaid.

If tht- author or authors of the first great epic, and the greatest (for the Shakespearean myth has a counterpart here at the dawn of learning) were a university graduate, or a man of place or parts, "we have no record of it, no note of the college which claimed him, of the nobility of which he was a member.

The creator and founder of the Greek language was a minnesinger, whose blindness of sight did not dim the glories of that inward vision, which penetrated the hearts of men and spoke the history and romance of the land whence Delos rose and Phcebus sprung.

We are not curious as to the literary acquirements or the social standing of Eschylus, Sophocles, or Euripides, the fathers of tragedy, but certainly Plato never claimed the authorship of their plays on the score of his philosophical wisdom, nor has that honor been awarded him.—Lawrence Barrett, in North American Review

Where would the very stones cry out?

—In a howling wilderness.

OUR LOVES AND HATES.

It seems natural for man to entertain decided sentiments of like or dislike, approval or disapproval toward persons, things, and principles with whom and with which he is brought to deal.

The fundamental causes from which these feelings spring are often so deeply buried within the nature, and covered so completely by individual characteristics, as to be beyond the reach of all but the

OUR LOVES AND HATES.

most thorough search.

In the most of cases, habit proves to be the fore-runner of these peculiarities;

it is the pioneer leading the way through the tangled woods and the pathless wilds of circumstance, to the temple of love or the citadel of hate.

Custom and habit grow about the individual, the community, and the nation as the ivy about the forest oak;

oftentimes almost hiding the support from view; and though the manly attributes of the imprisoned prop may perish, from the tightening tendrils and the suffocating embraces of its parasitic associates, habit still preserves the semblance of humanity.

Each individual is characterized by desires and propensities peculiar to himself, and really distinguishing him from others as certainly as do his color, size, and features.

Many such tendencies may be acquired through education, which has been expressively defined as systematic habit.

Cases are common in which strongly marked inclinations appear to have been already implanted within the latent disposition of the individual at the time of his birth;

but these are simply cases of transmitted or hereditary habit, bequeathed to the child as a parental gift of good or ill, perhaps even "to the third and fourth generations"and doing much toward securing to its possessor victory or defeat in the warfare of his life.

Man is prone to judge the actions of his fellows by the code of his own peculiarities.

We are every one sensible of a certain combination of feelings and desires, which we call our mind.

Our conclusions respecting the mind of others are founded upon a comparison between their actions, and our own probable behavior under similar circumstances

Thus, if while sitting by a friend we observe a musquito busily engaged in making sub-cutaneous explorations and well-boring experiments on his ear, and then see him suddenly act as if seized by a violent desire for gymnastic exercise and self-chastisement, though such actions be erratic in the extreme we consider him a perfectly rational being.

Even if we were unable to see the immediate cause, we would at once surmise the latter, knowing the circumstances under which similar actions would be indulged in on our own part.

This process of estimating the capacities and achievements of others by our own standard is an almost universal one.

That which to us seems natural, seems also proper;, and habit is in many instances our sole guage of propriety.

Psychologists recognize four distinct classes of actions which the animal and the human being perform with reference to the degree in which such actions are directed by the mind.

First.

Reflex actions, or such as are performed through the operation of the nerve centres, without the perfect cognizance of the mind by direct action of brain.

Second.

Actions which are performed by habit, or such as are the result of repetition following from the training of the nerve centres controlling the organs taking part in the actions.

Such may be conducted while the mind is otherwise occupied.

Third.

Instinctive actions, or such as are excited by proper stimuli but without thought on the part of the mind as to their object or value.

Fourth.

Actions which are performed under the direction of the will.

Such may be at the time contrary to the natural tendency or liking of the individual.

An action, which at first was performed only by the direct and forcible operation of the will, may by repetition soon became instinctive in its nature, then habitual, and lastly reflex;

so that, the necessary stimulus being given, the movement is excited without any apparent intervention of the brain.

No bodily act really ends with itself, it leaves, in fact, within the tissues of the organs a tendency toward its own repetition, and it is easier of performance the second time than the first.

So do our likes and dislikes grow;

thus do we learn to love and to hate.

Such tendency may be called by any name most suitable, 'tis practice gives perfection whether in the service of Jehovah, or in the Devil's employ.

OUR LOVES AND HATES.

People are by no means uniform in their tastes, even in simple matters of food and dress.

Many have taught themselves to delight in the "high"flavor of wild duck, hare and venison, which is acquired only through partial decay.

Dr. Taylor, in his valuable work "On Poisons"declares that such food has been served up at fashionable tables when so far advanced in putrefaction as to blacken the silver plate, through the sulphuretted gases produced.

In plain terms, some people of fashion, like less pretentious reptiles, prefer carrion to wholesome meat, and all because of a diseased and unnatural liking.

Inconsistency is closely associated with impropriety in many of our tastes.

We esteem salad of lobsters and shrimps—scavengers of the water though they be—but we scorn fricasseed locusts or grasshopper stew, yet these insects are entirely herbivorous in their habits, and were moreover expressly designated as wholesome and proper articles on the Mosaic bill of fare.

"Even these of them may ye eat;

the locust after his kind, and the bald locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind."(Leviticus xi, 22).

The swine—the type of unclean animals—is still raised as a luxury for human diet, though the use of its flesh has been expressly and forcibly forbidden by divine decree; yet we think the horse entirely unfit for food, though of incomparably cleaner habits.

But I write not in commendation of grasshoppers or horses as articles of diet, but rather in illustration of the caprice of our tastes, and as proof that personal prejudice, which we too often make the sole arbiter of propriety may at times lead us into error.

In nearly all the western countries of South America, a beer is prepared from

Indian corn, known as chica.

It is usually manufactured by the ordinary method of malting and subsequent drying, followed by fermentation.

But in the valleys of the Sierra, where true chica can be drunk, it is prepared somewhat differently, as the following description abundantly shows:

"All the members of the family, including such strangers as choose to assist in the operation, seat themselves on the floor in a circle, in the centre of which is a large calabash surrounded by a heap of dried maize.

Each person takes up a handful of the grain and thoroughly chews it.

This is deposited in the calabash, and another handful is immediately subjected to the same process;

the jaws of the company being kept continually busy until the whole heap of corn is reduced to a mass of pulp.

This with some minor ingredient is mashed in hot water, and the liquid poured into jars, where it is left to ferment.

In a short time it is ready for use.

Occasionally, however, the jars are buried in the ground and allowed to remain there until the liquor acquires from age a considerable strength, and powerfully intoxicating qualities.

Chica thus prepared is called chica mascada or chewed chica, and is considered far superior to that prepared from maize crushed in the usual manner.

The Serrano believes he cannot offer his guest a greater luxury than a draught of old chica mascada, the ingredients of which have been ground between his own teeth."The Ava, or Cava, root is similarly used throughout the islands of the Southern Pacific for the preparation of a drink.

The root is chewed either in a fresh or dried state; the pulp is mixed with water, strained and drunk.

The taste of this highly esteemed beverage is described as resembling that of a mixture of magnesia and rhubarb.

One observer assures us that none "but young persons who have good teeth, clean mouths, and no colds"are permitted to take part in the preparation of ava-beer.

To us such proceedings are disgusting in the extreme; yet to those who are accustomed to them they seem in perfect order and propriety.

The sap of the American Aloe is fermented in Mexico to produce pulque, which is the favorite drink of the lower classes.

Fermentation develops the horribly disagreeable stench of rotten meat.

Yet those who have become used to it, rejoice in it above every

HOW THEY LIVED FIVE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

other drink.

The odor of the asafetida gum is extremely nauseating to most people, but by no means to all.

Many Asiatics highly esteem it, and employ the substance constantly as a condiment for food.

But our likes and dislikes are varied in other matters than those of eating and drinking.

The Japanese are said to imitate nature to their fullest ability in all their surroundings, while we strive frequently after artificiality.

In cutting a door post, the Japanese carpenter tries to leave in sight a knot in the wood, a piece of rind or bark, the starting of a branch, or some such natural roughness or irregularity—the very parts our artisans would carefully remove.

The plaster of their houses is sprinkled while still wet, with leaves, shells or pebbles, and if they must use sawn wood and whitewashed walls, they strive to imitate by drawing and painting what is denied them in reality.

Their girls are taught to arrange flowers for the best ornamental effect, and that is closest imitation of nature.

They look with disdain on our artificial and cramped bouquets, because they say, such combinations are never found naturally.

Their wall pictures are executed on long strips of wood or canvass, without frames, suggesting the idea of an extensive view—hidden just round the corner.

Prof. Morse says after becoming used to these Japanese pictures, our paintings in their heavy gilt frames like prison bars look very cramped and artificial.

The same observer relates that he once visited a Japanese temple, and noticed among the curiosities a perfect model of the American steamship "City of China."

Thinking this a very strange ornament for so sacred a place he enquired regarding it, and found that the officers of that vessel had once, with great risk to themselves, rescued three ship-wrecked Japanese sailors from a perilous situation, and the people desired to commemorate the noble act.

But they expressed both surprise and disapproval when some of our famous songs of martial glory were sung to them; they say they would never perpetuate the memory of war with its miseries;

such should be forgotten and avoided.

Westminster and St.

Paul's are filled with busts and trophies of bloody battles, with the emblems of destruction and of death;

but the churches of Japan hold in sacred trust the symbols of kindness and of good.

Such is their custom, and such is ours.

We consider them semi-barbarous; and they reciprocate, the sentiment toward us.

Where then shall we look for a guide toward propriety and right?

Our own tendencies natural tendencies, as we still insist on calling them—will too fre.

quently lead us into practices which are an abomination in the pure eyes of our Maker; we may even learn to call those things sweet, which are a stench in His nostrils.

On the other hand, see the disgust of Peter when commanded by a divine voice to slay and eat the animals brought before him; said he, "Not so, Lord;

for I have never eaten anything that is common or unclean."And think, too, of the Almighty's answer:

"What God has cleansed, that call not thou common."Let the bands of custom bind us only to that which is good; let all fossilized and prejudiced notions of fitness and right be held subject to superior direction; and let us strive to bring our natures in closer correspondence with the standard established by the author of our being.

J. E. Talmage.

HOW THEY LIVED FIVE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

"Hadst thou not the privilege of antiquity upon thee?"—AW s Well That Ends Well.

If we know the home life of a people we can account pretty correctly for the various transitions and events of that epoch.

Causes produce like results and there is no better exponent of an age than the dress and daily life of its

HOW THEY LIVED LIVE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

i/7 people.

In the days when Chaucer and the Black Prince lived, about five hundred years ago, although there was much external show and splendor, our ancestors lived in many respects in a very rude and barbarous fashion.

Even the rich and noble enjoyed very few of the benefits and privileges which all classes enjoy in the age in which we live.

They had very few books and very little advantage of instruction to enable them to read those that they had.

There were no good roads by which they could travel comfortably from place to place, and no wheeled carriages fit to ride in.

Streets were neither paved nor lighted, and persons traveling in the dark were preceded by link-boys bearing torches to light their way.

They lived in castles, very strongly built indeed, and very grand and picturesque sometimes in external appearance, but very ill-furnished and comfortless within.

The artisans were skilful in fabricating splendid caparisons for the horses, and costly suits of glittering armor for the men, and the architects could construct grand cathedrals and ornament them with sculptures and columns which are the wonder of the present age. But in respect to all the ordinary means and appliances of daily life the people lived barbarously enough.

There was wealth, there was a superfluity of all that was rare and precious, an excess of pomp and pageantry to which modern Europe scarcely offers any parallel, but theshow was all external and underneath the glitter the age had none of those elegant conveniences and accommodations that essentially contribute to the comfort and refinement of modern life.

In general, the palace like the pageant, so often admitted within its walls, presented a motley combination of bloated luxuiy and squalid wretchedness, fantastic elegance and sordid penury.

The royal apartments were strewn with rushes; the stairs and floors of the other rooms were often inlaid with filth;

and while fires blazed in the great chambers hung with arras, in the smaller rooms the officers were shivering with cold, and some of the attendants were beggars.

Every noble lived in state in his castle like a prince or a petty king.

Those of the highest class had their privy councilors, treasurers, marshals, stewards, secretaries, heralds, pages, guards, trumpeters—in short, all the various officers that were to be found in the court of the sovereign.

To these were added whole bands of minstrels, mimics, jugglers, tumblers, rope-dancers, and buffoons.

Besides these there was always attached to each great castle a large company of priests and monks, who performed divine service according to the usages of those times, in a gorgeously decorated chapel built for this purpose within the castle walls.

The mass of the common people were held in a state of complete vassalage to the will of the barons, very much in the condition of slaves; being compelled to toil in the cultivation of their master's lands, or to go out as soldiers to fight in their quarrels, for inadequate compensation.

Dwelling in mud hovels with thatched roofs over their heads, they often lacked the most common necessities of life.

In the long interval between harvest tide and harvest tide, work and food were alike scarce in the mediaeval homestead.

"I have no penny,"says Piers the Ploughman, in such a season, in lines which give us a picture of the farm of the day, "pullets for to buy, nor neither geese nor pigs, but two green cheeses, a few curds and cream, and an olive cake, and two loaves of beans and bran baken for my children.

I have no salt bacon nor no cooked meat collaps for to make, but I have parsley, and leeks, and many cabbage plants, and eke a cow, and a calf, and a cart mare to draw afield my dung while the drought lasteth, and by this livelihood we must all live till Lammas-tide (August), and by that

I hope to have harvest in my croft."From a roll of expenses of Edward III. at one of his castles, year 1371, we gather the rate of wages paid to the different workmen, tradesmen, archers, and laborers at that period:

"Carpenters, d.

per day;

overseers, d.;

shoeing smiths, 3 d.; smiths, 3 d. and 4

HOW THEY LIVED FIVE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

d. per day; sailors of the king, 6. d. per day; master masons, d. and workmen d.;

cross bowmen, d.

per day;

mowers, 2 d. per day; spreaders of hay, i}4, d.

Hire of cart and three horses, 6 s. 10 d. per day.

Carriage of turf, with which the house was covered in which the hay was placed, s.

d.

For an iron fork to turn the hay, 3d.

For the carriage of turves to cover the King's kitchen, s.

For twenty-two empty casks bought to make paling, for the Queen's courtyard, 16 s. 4 d. Fishermen, d. per day; the Queen's fisherman, and his six companions, d.

per day each, fishing in the sea.

Repairing the cart of the King 1, s. 4 d. Men carrying shingles to cover the hall of the castle, 2^ d. each per day.

We can see the farmer and laborer of the time as he steps out from Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales,"in that early May morning when the merry company left the famed Tabard Inn.

He wears a tarbard, or long cloak, with a hat, scrip, and staff.

Heavy wooden shoes are on his feet.

His ordinary garb was not so comfortable.

"Barefoot and hatless must I go one-half the year,"groans the poor ploughman.

The miller was clothed in a white coat and a blue hood and was armed with a sword and a buckler.

His hose on holidays were of red cloth, when he also twisted the tippet of his hood about his head a fashion quite common among the gallants of his age.

Each pursuit and profession had its characteristic dress.

Thus the merchant is represented in "moteley""garb"i.

e., parti-colored with a forked beard and a Flandrish beaver hat, his boots clasped "fayre and fetously."Chaucer's Squire wears a short gown, with "sleeves long and wide."His dress was also embroidered, "As it were a mede."Alle full of freshe flowers white and rede,'His locks 'were crull as they were laid in press.'"The yeoman was clad in a "cote and hoode of greene,"his horn was slung to a green baldrick.

A sword and buckler hung on one side of him and a dagger on the other, and he bore "a mighty bow"in his hand.

In the "Friar's Tale"another yeoman is described wearing "a courtefry of green and a hat with black fringes."Lords and ladies dressed with the most garish magnificence.

In jewelry and rich materials for dress there was great luxury bordering on extravagance.

It was an age of foppery and the court set the example.

Over his armor of Milan make the knight wore a long sleeveless gown of silk stuff slit up the sides as far as the thigh.

The ordinary dress was a short doublet or jerkin, and for outdoor wear there was worn over this a long robe with sleeves, and frequently bordered with ermine. His shoes had long peaked toes sometimes chained to the knee.

Hats, caps, and high bonnets were worn, and golden girdles, and pouches called gipsins, embroidered with costly jewels, hung from the belts:

The female costume was splendid and fantastic as the male.

The gown or kirtle had light sieves, with pendent streamers or tippets attached to them These were faced with fur and terminated in long full skirts.

Over this was worn a cotehardie which buttoned in front, and some of which were made with pockets in them.

In the vision of Piers Ploughman, the poet speaks of a woman richly clothed, her garments purplish, faced and trimmed with fine furs, her robe of scarlet color and splendidly adorned with ribbons of red gold interspersed with precious stones.

Her head tire was a crown somewhat like a

King's.

Her fingers were all embellished with rings of gold set with diamonds and rubies.

The gowns, kirtles, and mantles were frequently emblazoned with armorial bearings like the surcoats of the knights. The hair was worn in a gold fret or caul of network, surmounted frequently by a chaplet of goldsmith's work, a coronet, or a veil, according to the wearer's rank or fancy.

Dressed thus richly in this startling garb, the lady of the castle sat in her cell-like apartment lighted only by nar- row loopholes, each at the bottom of a

HO IV THEY LIVED FIVE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

[79 <!eep recess in the deep wall, and whiled away the hours in looking over illum- 'nated missals, listening to wandering minstrels, and in working at her emnroidery frame.

The embroidery of lapestry was the great attainment, and in this art the noble dames and damosels ol the time acquired great skill.

This lapestry was used to hang against the walls of some of the more ornamented rooms in the castle, to hide the naked surface of the cold stone, and to serve as protections against the cold draughts of air.

In every castle there was also a spinning wheel, and the lady and her damsels spent the early morning hours in the old fashioned accomplishment.

Music, embroidery, and spinning were about the only exercises by which the mediaeval dame employed her leisure hours to beguile the tedium of the long confinement, which many of them had to endure within their residences.

The house keeping was very simple.

It is difficult for us at this day to conceive how destitute of all the ordinary means of comfort and enjoyment, in comparison with a modern dwelling, the ancient feudal castles must have been.

There was little furniture save armor in any of the rooms that must have looked vast and dreary enough with their stone floors and their rudely arched ceilings.

In the great hall where the eating and entertainments took place, there were oaken benches for seats, boards placed upon trestles for tables, and tapestry over the dais where the lord and his lady sat.

The windows were unglazed, save in a few instances.

There were but few chimneys;

the fire was placed on a raised platform in the center of the room, and the smoke found its way either through the windows or a hole in the roof.

In some of the castles there would be no more than two or three "covers"or rooms where fires could be lit.

The rafters above were blackened by the smoke, usually to good coffee color.

In those good old days "poses and rheumatism and catarrhs"were unknown, says a chronicler, "so wholesome and healthful was the smoke."We can picture the knight and his lady sitting on the dais, clad in cloth of gold and velvet, embroidered with jewels, serving men by the score running to and fro in their livery, and armed men lining the sides of the hall—the mediaeval household.

The hounds crouched at their master's feet on the floor pranked with rushes and sweet herbs;

the hawks perched above his head.

The guests quaffed wines from Greece and Cyprus, and feasted upon lamprey and herring pies. The common dishes on a mediaeval table were mandiets and chet loaves, ale and wine, beef and mutton, capons, hens, pigeons, and conies.

The buzzard and the raven were then eaten.

On fast days salt salmon, salted eels, whitings, gurnet, plaice, and flounders were allowed;

fruit was reserved for Lent.

Butter was always used in profusion, but there was no sugar, honey largely taking the place of that saccharine.

As late as the year we find Lady Margaret Paston soliciting her lord to bring home one pound of sugar, so it was not common even then.

It was considered the height of refinement for two guests to eat off the same plate.

The only knife used was the clasp-knife, which the male guest took unsheathed from his girdle.

There were no forks,but spoons and table napkins were used, and the company was divided by the salt-cellar.

Only a small part of the mediaeval mansion was furnished.

Four or five rooms were fitted up for the great folks, the rest were merely offices and cabins in which beds of the coarsest kind were provided as occasions required.

There was the gallery, the chapel, my lord's chamber, my lady's closet, the nursery, the great chamber, the carved chamber, the paradise, the lower house, the hall, the spicery, and the buttery.

The only chairs in these rooms were benches of wood, with the exception of a few stiff, high-backed, heavy seats in the great hall and my lady's chamber.

The articles in a gentleman's house were so few that often they were separately bequeathed to individuals, the whole being summed up under the name of "ostelment."

i8o HO IV THEY LIVED FIVE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

Gremio was a rich nobleman of Padua, who had a hundred milk kine at his farm, and "six-score fat oxen standing in his stalls,"and yet the enumeration of his household belongings would seem scant to the humblest househoulder of to-day.

There is a great deal said about presses, hutches, chests, and coffers, by which men meant general places of deposit, although the words were used in many ways.

Most of these chests and coffers and muniment boxes were made of costly foreign wood elaborately carved and embossed with metal, set upon curious feet and placed as ornamental pieces of furniture in chamber and hall.

Gold and jewels, and nice dresses, and the plate and private papers were kept in these various articles of deposit, and they were usually kept locked.

In the time of Henry VIII, it was expressly stated that the officers of the squillery shall see silver and pewter vessels kept safe (pewter vessels being then costly), and it was forbidden to the king's attendants to "steal locks or keys from chest or cupboard out of noblemen's or gentlemen's houses when he goes to visit them,"a very necessary stipulation when furniture and household articles were so few.

When a noble or gentleman removed from one residence to another, he was obliged to transport his effects over the miry roads to make habitable the one to which he was going, as the supply was not sufficient to furnish more than one habitation.

Even the sovereigns on their "progresses"were preceded by a long caravan of carts laden with what was called the "stuff,"from bedding and tapestry down to spits and kettles.

Even as late as the time of the second

Tudor when the king and court removed it used to transport with them the hangings, bedding, and portable furniture.

The enormous sum of three hundred pounds was allowed in the household book to defray the expenses incidental to each migration.

No contrast could be more striking than what the same mansion presented during the residence or absence of its numerous family, when stripped of all movable furniture, without plate or porcelain, dismantled of its arras, by men and animals alike deserted, it almost realized the image of desolation and proscription so beautifully portrayed in the Cid,—"when no hawks were seen on the perches, no cloaks lying on the benches;

no voices heard in the hall, which had so lately echoed to the sound of myrth and revelry, and now like a city desolated by a plague, seemed but one vast sepulcher prepared to receive the dead."Such was household life in the mansion and the castle in the good old days when Chaucer was courting nightingales at Woodstock, and Jean Froissart was penning the pages of his gossipy chronicle at the courts of rival princes.

The past is always surrounded by a glamour of romance, and in particular there is an association that clings to the "ivy mantled towers"of the baronial castle, an emotion inspired by the picturesque splendor of that age as delineated in the pages of "Ivanhoe"and "The Last of the Barons."In reality the castelated mansion of our forefathers was little calculated to awaken serious thoughts or refined feelings.

Life was grim, hard, and comfortless at the best within the castle walls; scarcely was it worse in the villein's cabin.

There is no housekeeper of the present time who has a sound roof over her head but that is more comfortable, has more of the necessities of life, greater freedom of action, than all the princesses of Plantagenet or Valois blood.

The romance of castle life in the feudal ages exists only in the imagination, and the "Wife of Bath"or the patient Griselda could have told a tale well calculated to remove all false ideas regarding it, and in telling it, like Iago, "Have not told half the truth."—F. Myron Colby, in PhrenologicalJournal.

An Irishman put up the following notice:

"Whoever is caught trespassing upon these grounds will be given forty lashes upon the bare back.

Half the penalty to the informer."

DAKOIA CUSTOMS.

iSi DAKOTA CUSTOMS.

The history and character of the Indian races are full of poetic material to which we, as Americans, have an unquestioned right.

Here is a peculiar race, possessed of many of the qualities which have always prompted poetry, and living lives as shadowy as the heroes of Ossian or the legends of the early Greeks; and yet, we take no pains to record their picturesque traditions.

If we had only read about the Indians, as a people living in the mountain fastnesses of Greece or the fertile valleys of Hungary, we should without difficulty have discovered the romantic elements of their character.

The student grows enthusiastic over the heroic deeds of Ajax and Achilles. But the Indian is as brave, daring and ruthless; as passionate, as revengeful, as superstitious, and as haughty as they.

In the endurance of fatigue, hunger, thirst and exposure, the forest hero has no superior.

His legends and traditions embody poetic fancy of the highest and most adventurous flight.

Their religious ceremonies refer to things unseen in a manner which shows how bold and vivid are their conceptions of the spiritual.

In the war-song, the death-song, the song of victory, the cradle-chant, the lament for the slain in these we have the outgushing of their rude barbaric poetry.

Their eloquence is proverbially lofty and figurative; and instances are not rare among them of love as true as that of the most exalted hero of romance.

The valley of the Upper Missouri presents many attractions to the reflecting mind, apart from the admiration excited by its natural beauty.

"That old, old land which men call new,

That land as old as time is old, Go journey with the seasons through

Its wastes, and learn how limitless,

How shoreless lie the distances,

Before you come to question this,

Or dare to dream what grandeur is,

The solemn silence of that plain

Where unmanned tempests ride and reign."

It is at once an old country and a new—the home of a people who are rapidly passing away—and a land that is inundated by the tide of advancing civilization.

The white man treads in the footsteps of the Indian.

The whistle of the locomotive and the sound of the sawmill are heard where a few years ago were sung the deeds of the Dakota braves.

The world at large rarely considers the Indian as a member of society.

Too frequently he is associated with the tomahawk and the scalping knife.

Yet the very strangeness of his customs should awaken interest.

The name "Dakota,"means a confederacy, and is used by them in much the same manner as we use the term "Union"in speaking of our national affairs.

There are many clans among the Dakotas, distinguished from each other by the different root or medicine which they use as a charm in their incantations to drive away evil spirits.

The name of this root must be kept secret.

A Dakota would die, rather than divulge the secret of his clan.

Little is generally known of the Indian's religion.

One must liveamong them and gain their friendship before they will impart any information concerning their religious faith.

Then they will tell the meaning of their feasts, and dances, and talk of the great Spirit; of Haoka, the giant; of Unkatee, the thunder-bird (they suppose that storms are caused by a demon, in the form of a huge bird); and the powers of the Sacred Medicine.

Their dances and feasts are not amusements.

They all have an object and meaning, and are celebrated under a belief that a neglect of them will be punished by the Great

Spirit by wants, disease, or the attacks of enemies.

All their fear of punishment is confined to what they may suffer in this world.

The Sacred Feast is given once a year, or when a treaty is made between tribes or nations.

Only chiefs, medicine-men and the priestesses of the tribes are permitted to engage in it.

Smoking the

DAKOTA CUSTOMS.

calumet or pipe of peace is one part of the ceremonies.

All the food cooked for this feast must be eaten or placed where no dog can get it.

The old fires are all put out, and new ones lit by means of flint and steel.

The Sun Dance is celebrated wi the spring;

it is performed by the young warriors between early dawn and sunrise, and continues several days.

The Scalp Dance is performed by the women, assisted by the medicine-men, who with their drums serve as a kind of orchestra.

The medicine-men sit in the centre while the women dance in a circle round them.

At each tap of the drum they hop and slide a little to the left, singing and keeping time with the medicine-men.

The scalps are fastened to a pole in the centre, or placed on the shoulders of some squaw who is particularly honored on that occasion.

After singing for a few minutes they stop to rest, while the leading squaw relates some incident concerning the taking of the scalps, and ends by saying, "Whose scalp have I now on my shoulders?"At this moment there is a general shout, and the dance commences.

The song or chant seems to be a blending between a yell of triumph and a wail for the dead.

The War Dance is given to appease the wrath of Ha-o-ka, and to give them success over their enemies.

No one but warriors can participate in it.

The Virgin's Feast is one of the most important among them.

It has reference to the women only.

Its object is not to celebrate the deeds of the warrior but rather to put to test the virtue of the maiden.

This feast is celebrated in the early autumn;

boiled corn and venison is the principle food.

All the women of the tribe are welcome to attend.

Those who are to partake of the feast are dressed in their gayest apparel;

their long hair plaited and falling over their shoulders.

Those who are conscious of error dare not approach the feast, for it is a part of the ceremony t^at they should be exposed by any one piesent.

Neither rank nor beauty must interpose to prevent the punishment.

Nay, sometimes the power of innocence and virtue itself is not sufficient to guard the Dakota maiden from disgrace.

Among the Dakotas the bodies of then dead are wrapped in cloth or skins and sometimes placed in a box made of the bark of the ash or elm.

Then it is placed on a scaffold and raised a few feet above the ground.

All the relatives then sit round for about twenty-font hours; they tear their clothes, run knives through the fleshy part of their arms, bin there is no sacrifice they can make so great as cutting off their hair.

All the agony and grief which we feel they feel also.

The men go in mourning by painting themselves black, and they do not wash the paint off until they take the scalp of an enemy or give a grand medicine dance, which has much the same significance among them that a political mass-meeting has among us.

While they sit around the scaffold, one of the nearest relatives commences a doleful crying, when all the others join in, and continue their wailing for some time.

Then for a time the tears are wiped away, and they smoke their pipes in silence.

After smoking for some time, another of the family commences and the others join in.

This is continued for a night and a day, and then each one lights his pipe and returns to his own wigwam, and new pursuits occupy his mind.

Let us, like them, turn from contemplating the sadness of the

Indian burial to the gaiety of the Indian marriage.

The Indians are philosophers after all.

They know they cannot bring back the dead to life, so they make the best of it and smoke.

Besides the beautiful Indian maiden Hi-u-ta or Walking Wind is to be married to famous Hoka-Monesah, the War Club, whereupon they smoke harder than ever.

There are two kinds of marriages among the Dakotas—buying a wife and stealing one—the untutored Indian calls things by their right names.

The latter answers to our runaway matches, and in some respects, the former resembles one conducted as it too often so among ourselves.

So, Indian marriages, I suppose, are much

DAKOTA CUSTOMS.

Tike white people's, after all. But among the Dakotas, it is an understood thing, that when the young people run away, they are to be forgiven, at any time they choose to return, if it should be the next day or six months afterward.

This saves a world of trouble.

It prevents the father of the bride looking daggers at the son-in-law, and then loving him violently.

The mother is spared the trial of telling her daughter that she forgives her, though she has broken her mother's heart.

And what is still better, there is not the slightest occasion for the bridegroom to tell the bride's parents that he is wretched for having married their daughter, though even an honest

Indian must feel that stealing a wife is not an honorable way of getting one.

When a young man is unable to purchase the girl he loves best, if he has gained the heart of the maiden, he is safe even if her parents are unwilling she should marry him.

They appoint a time and place to meet, and take whatever will be necessary for their journey.

The man takes his gun and amunition, his tomahawk and knife, his flint and steel, that he may be prepared to kill game and build a fire.

The girl takes her knife and wooden bowl, to be used in the preparation of food, a few pounds of parched corn and her birch bark drinking cup.

Sometimes they only go to the next village to return the next day.

But if they fancy a bridal tour, away they go several hundred miles, with the grass for their pillow, the canopy of heaven for their curtains, and the bright stars to light and watch over them.

When they return home, the wife goes to work weaving baskets, tanning deer skins, making clothes, or cooking food;

the groom goes to hunting or smoking according to circumstances.

But "marriage in high life"among the

Dakotas, is where the bride is regularly bought as sometimes occurs with white people.

Walking Wind was not pretty though the Dakotas might call her so.

She was, however, tall and well formed, and her feet and hands were small as is generally the case with Dakota women.

She had a quantity of jet black hair, that she braided with a great deal of care.

Her eyes were large and black, and her dark complexion was relieved by more of red than is usually seen in the cheeks of the daughters of her race.

Her teeth were very fine, as everybody knew—for she was always laughing, and her laugh was perfect music.

Then Walking Wind was, generally speaking, good tempered; she was never known to be very angry but once; and that was when Harpa accused her of being in love with War Club.

Then she threw Harpa down and tore nearly half the hair out of her head; but what made it seem very strange was, that she was over head and ears in love with War Club at that very time; but she did not choose that anybody should know it.

As for War Club, he was a flirt—

a male coquette—and had broken the hearts of half the girls in the band.

Besides being a flirt, he was a fop.

He would plait his hair and put red paint on his cheeks;

and after seeing that his leggings were properly arranged, he would stick the war eagle feathers in his hair, and folding his blanket around him, would walk around about the village or attitudinize with all the airs of a modern dandy.

War Club was a great warrior too, for on his blanket was marked the "red hand,"which signified the "avenger."He had killed his worst enemy, his father's enemy, and had hung up the scalp at his father's door.

Besides he was a great hunter which is a mark of honor among the Dakotas.

No one, then, could doubt the pretensions of War Club, or that all the girls of the village should fall in love with him;

and he, like a downright flirt, was naturally very cold and cruel to the poor creatures who loved him so much.

Walking Wind, besides possessing many other accomplishments such as tanning deer-skin, making moccasins etc, was a capital shot.

On one occasion when the young warriors were shooting at a mark, Walking Wind either by art or accident made the best shot among them, and War Club was quite crest-fallen.

He could bear anything else, but when Walking Wind beat

DAKOTA CUSTOMS.

him shooting—why—the point was was settled; he must fall in love with her and as a natural consequence marry her.

Walking Wind was not so easily won.

She had been tormented so long herself that she was in duty bound to pay back in the same coin.

At last however she yielded;

her lover gave her so many trinkets.

True, they were only brass and tin, or perhaps only shell but then Dakota maidens cannot sigh for pearls and diamonds, for they never even heard of them; and the philosophy of the thing is just the same, as everybody is out done by somebody.

Then again her lover played an Indian flute, near her father's wigwam.

It was a horribly sounding instrument, made from the tendons of a deer stretched across the end of a buffalo horn.

Aside from the pity she felt for him, Walking Wind was confident she never could sleep until that flute stopped playing, which she knew never would be until she promised to be his wife.

When all was settled War Club told his parents that he wanted to marry, and the old people were glad to hear it.

So they collected every thing they owned guns and blankets, powder and shot, knives and trinkets.

When all was ready, War Club put the presents on a horse and carried them to the wigwam of Walking Wind's parents, and, laying them on the ground, held a long "talk"with the parents, concluding by asking them to give him their daughter for his wife, having made his request, he did not wait for an answer, but turned round and went back to his wigwam.

The parents then consulted for a day or two, although they knew from the first what they intended to do.

In due time the presents were taken into the wigwam, which means that the lover is accepted.

The next day Walking Wind is to be a bride.

So, early in the morning she commenced her toilet, and it was no light task to deck her in all her finery.

Her moccasins were worked with porcupine quills and closely fitted her small feet.

Her dress was ornamented with small and variously colored beads; while her blanket, whWi answered the purpose of a shawl, was fringed with the brilliant feathers of the birds.

Her breast was covered with brooches and a quantity of beads hung round her neck.

Heavy ear-rings were in her ears, and on her head a diadem of bright colored feathers.

Such was the costume of an Indian bride.

When she was ready, the presents given for her were collected and put on a horse; and the bride, accompanied by three or four relatives took the road to the wigwam of the bridegroom.

When they arrived within fifty paces of the wigwam, Walking Wind's father called for War Club to come out.

He does not come, but sends a friend to receive the bride.

Of course, the father is not offended;

it is a part of the ceremony that the bridegroom shall not appear in person.

As soon as the person sent makes his appearance, the Indians raise a shout of applause, and the warriors fire off their guns in honor of the event.

But the ceremony is not yet over.

In order to complete it, the bride must jump upon the back of the bridegroom's friend, and be thus carried to her future home.

What a situation for a bride! Walking

Wind seriously thinks of rebelling; she hesitated—while the man stands ready to start, as soon as the baggage is on.

The bride draws back and pouts a little, while some of her friends undertake to reason with her.

She gives them a violent nudge with the elbow, as if she wished to be let alone.

At length, as if she wished to avoid them, she springs upon the back of the Dakota, who amid loud shouts and firing of guns carries her triumphantly into the wigwam.

But where is the bridegroom?

Simply seated on the ground in the wigwam, looking as placid and unconcerned as if nothing was going on.

Of course, he rises to receive his bride?

No, not he;

that would be contrary to Dakota etiquette.

Walking Wind alights, and takes her seat by his side; the ceremony is over—they are man and wife just as if there were cards, bride-cake and a ring.

J. H.

Ward.

PER GAMOS.

PERGAMOS.

Pergamos, another of the "seven churches of Asia,"being situated at some distance from the sea was not disturbed by that stream of commerce which swept over cities upon the seaboard of Asia Minor.

Though the citizens of Pergamos were not merchant princes, yet Pergamos achieved noble distinction, and became one of the most celebrated of the ancient seats of learning.

When Alexander the Great had to quit his hold of the vast possessions which his conquests had gained, his empire was dismembered, and ten of his chief captains shared it amongst them. Pergamos and that part of the empire fell to Lysymachus, who gathered together his treasures, and deposited them in the city, leaving Philetaries, his eunuch, as governor.

Faithless to his master, and covetous of his treasures, he revolted, and established himself as the first king of Pergamos.

Contrary to the usual experience of kingdoms founded in violence of faith and trust, Pergamos enjoyed a succession of six able sovereigns, and finally by the will of Attalus the Third, she became a portion of the

Roman empire.

So for three hundred years before the

Christian era, the history of Pergamos is a history of peace and prosperity.

Pergamos, it is true, had escaped the horrors of war, but her very peace had brought upon her a terrible temptation.

In her quiet times learning had been encouraged so that she became the resort of the literati of the age.

Her school of medicine was especially noted, and the city built a splendid temple to Esculapius.

They had also a celebrated library, and to this day the literary fame of Pergamos is perpetuated in the word "parchment,"which was invented there and called "charta pergamena."Pergamos was intellectual, scientific, learned, but not humble, as true learning ought to make its votaries.

She was proud and self-dependent, and God said of this city, that it "was the very seat *5* of Satan."I have no intention to enquire why it should be so I am content to state the fact that unconsecrated knowledge tends to oppose the entrance of God's grace into the heart.

History does not give us the date when the Gospel was first preached in Pergamos, but in Revelations, 2-13, we read that Antipas was slain there, and it is presumable that he was the angel of the church, at an early date.

The Christians of Pergamos were of the purely intellectual sort. They were not content to receive simply because God sent.

They insisted upon trying the gospel message upon its merits, upon measuring it by their own standards, as intellectual Christians do to-day.

In consequence of their dealing with God's truth they came to regard Christ's teachings as a higher and nobler type of spirituality, not as a distinct creed which could not, and would not, assimilate with the world. They believed it was possible, nay, right, to mingle in the usual round of heathen pleasures, and yet retain the profession of the new faith.

Some of these Pergamene Christians seem to have come forth again upon the stage of life in these days, for we find intellectual

Christians asserting the propriety of mingling with the world, ridiculing the idea and ignoring the fact that God has a "peculiar people"in the world, a people who are "sealed by the spirit of promise,"to whom He has said, "come out from among them, and be ye separate."This mingling in the evil practices of the world is the "doctrine of Balaam,"the man who infused vvorldliness into religion and so "cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel,"who induced God's chosen and departed people to join in the lewd dance, to eat polluted meat, to class themselves with those who made no pretense of religion, and, in fact to wipe out the distinction between the church and the world.

To that soul who deliberately turns his thoughts away from the world, and fixes them habitually and

HORSES AND HUNTING IN PERSIA.

steadily upon God, God will reveal himself.

You ask how?

Have you never, perhaps only in a faint, yet distinct manner, found the distant God very close to you, looking out at you in some circumstance of your life, touching you in something which affected you, speaking to you in words which reached you?

You started at the fitness of the dealing, of the reproof, of the answer, it seemed so exactly what you deserved, or what you wished, that you held your breath, and said, "Surely God was in this place, and I knew it not."If your life cannot tell of such experience, surely you have not as yet found God, or acquainted yourself with him.

But once find that God reveals himself to your heart, just in the way you most need him, and wonderful passages, interchanges of deep communion, will begin between your soul and God.

A mine of wondrous knowledge will be opened to you, you will not be compelled to turn to speculative science to find food for thought, but the "white stone with a secret name will be given you,"and then all the rest will follow, for then you will have found out that, "To know God, is life eternal."M. A. Greenhalgh.

HORSES AND HUNTING IN PERSIA.

The horse occupies by all odds the most important place of all animals in the life of the Persian people, high and low.

Persia without horses would be, indeed, "Hamlet"with Hamlet left out.

Travel, in fact all locomotion, would be out of the question.

The Persians of to-day, as those of old, are a "horsey"race, born riders, fond of their horses, looking never complete till seen in the saddle, with all the luxurious trappings and ornaments they love to bestow upon their persons and their quadrupeds.

The beauty anji superior breed of a horse, together wim the costliness of his apparel, are an unfailing indication of the owner's wealth and station.

And such harness, such saddles, girths, and blankets!

It is the Arabian Nights redivivus.

On race day last spring, after the contests were over, the Shah caused his finest charger, a Turcoman of magnificent proportions, to be brought in front of the huge pavilion tent wherein the whole European and American diplomatic corps was assembled.

What a fine fellow the animal was, and how he was admired and caressed by the ladies!

But what was especially noticeable about him was the splendor of his accoutrements.

A saddle blanket of the finest cashmere, every square inch of which was worth several gold pieces;

his broad bridle thickly incrusted with diamonds and emeralds and rubies, each the size of a hazlenut; the bit of pure gold, and the saddle straps and other pieces made of velvet and embossed with artistic lumps of gold and precious stones.

The whole outfit was worth a large fortune; and this was but one of many.

Thousands of Persians own beautiful horses which they would not sell for love or money, albeit these men are quite ready and willing to sell anything else, including their honor, at a fair price.

And the gold and silver and turquoises and rubies that are lavished by them upon the equipage of their beasts!

It is simply marvelous and is one of the few bits of mediaeval splendor and chivalric romance that have survived even in Persia in this nineteenth century.

But to come to the cold facts in regard to the different breeds of horses.

There are three of them of pure lineage (besides several mixed breeds)—the Arab, the Turcoman, and the Persian.

The Persian horse enjoyed a pre-eminent reputation in ancient times, and the poets and historians, both native and Greek, have loudly praised his fine build and fiery spirit.

But to-day the Persian horse is a poor, much-abused creature, of ungainly shape, knobby head, pot-bellied, and rough of coat.

The natives call him "yadoo,"meaning a homely old critter.

HORSES AND HUNTING IN PERSIA.

The decadence of this breed was due to the conquest of the country by the Arabs twelve hundred and fifty years ago.

The fleet and docile, spirited and clean-limbed steeds of the conquering race made the native horses despised, as the religion and language, manners and institutions of their owners were also despised and trodden under foot.

All judicious breeding of the native animals was neglected and abandoned, and no care in the selection of stock further exercised, thus gradually making out of the once famous and high-spirited Persian horse a poor, degraded slave, used to kicks and lashes from the earliest days of his foaldom.

For all that the yaboo is still a remarkable creature.

In some respects he is the most serviceable beast that could be conceived of.

Indolent when he thinks he can afford it, fed on a poor and decidedly cheap diet, he is indefatigable when it comes to the point, an untiring climber, sure of foot and patient as a donkey, never sick; no matter how much exposed to the rigors of a fickle climate, he is sure to "git thar"safe and sound and on time, provided you spare neither spur nor whip.

The amount of work there is in these animals is simply astounding.

For instance, in going from Teheran to Resht (a distance of two hundred and ninetyeight miles), I used chappar (post) horses, the scrub and fag of the yabod race.

Taking one at Aghababa, a poor little fellow that had done already what would be thought a good day's work in other countries, he made the twentythree miles to the station on top of the

Kharzan Mountain ^twelve thousand feet high), over a rough and rocky path, up and down, up and down, after climbing on steep mountain sides and down monstrous declivities, in three and one half hours.

Next morning, up at four o'clock after a luxurious breakfast of straw and a little barley, the plucky little beast carried me an even forty miles to Mendjeel, under a broiling sun and over an execrable path, arriving at our destination before noon.

And then, while I sank exhausted on a rug in the chappar khane (post house), the little yaboo was still as lively as a cricket.

Where else in this world are there horses to do this, and do it all the days of their lives?

Arab horses are very numerous in Persia, more especially in the south, however.

In the southwest, where Persia adjoins southern Turkey and the Persian

Gulf which separates it from Arabia, every man of means owns at least a couple of fine Arabs.

Those from Hedjaz and Yemen are the most common, though the Bagdad breed is the highest prized.

The Bagdad horses are somewhat taller, and are more often duns and grays than of any other shade.

They frequently stand sixteen hands high, while the other Arabs seldom exceed fifteen, and generally remain behind that figure.

The Bagdadees, as they are called by the Persians, lack a little ol the symmetric outline of the other Arabs; the contour of their head is not quite so expressive and fine, and they are not quite so docile or so hardy.

But for short distances they show more speed.

The Turcoman horse, however, is the prince.

In outward form he greatly resembles the English thoroughbred, but his chest is not quite so full, and his legs are longer.

He is an enormous beast, seventeen and a half hands high being no unusual thing with him.

He is the Persian's favorite horse.

For actual work the Persian mostly uses the yaboo, but in his stately peregrinations through the street, gravely seated in a high saddle on his prancing steed, caparisoned regardless of expense, horse and rider making a most picturesque and imposing ensemble, it is always a Turcoman horse that makes up one-half of the picture.

The Shah has several hundred of these big Turcomans in his stable, and every grandee has a corresponding number.

For purposes of show indeed no finer horse can be imagined, but for all practical ends the Arab as well as the yaboo, or the mixed breeds, are much preferable in a mountainous country like

Persia, where there is hardly a level space of even but a few miles in length.

For while in Turkestan, the home of this horse, on his immense plains he goes

1 88 HORSES AND HUNTING IN PERSIA.

whole days with unequaled fleetness and •endurance, without once stumbling, in Persia there is no unsafer nag.

Even at a moderate canter, nay, at a step, he is liable to fall and throw his rider.

And as the Persians, although inveterate riders, have no firm seat and are forever tumbling off their horses, it may be imagined how this failing of theirs is aggravated by the Turcoman horses.

On his native heath, however,the Turcoman horse can't be beat.

Some of the feats accomplished by him sound almost incredible; and yet they are true as gospel.

I saw a Turcoman horse in Teheran that had once belonged to a chief of the

Tekke-Turcomans, and had been captured on the raid during which his master was slain.

This horse, standing eighteen hands high, with broad, flat hoofs, and of an iron-gray tinge, was the scion of a long line of remarkable ancestors, each one famous in the traditional songs of the desert.

His name was Barg dar Behisht (Lightning from

Heaven,) and he deserved it.

Poor old Lutf Ali Khan, his dead master, had once successfully conducted a raid into Khorassan, a distance of two hundred miles from the Turcoman border line, riding Barg all the way.

During the four days of this raid spent on Persian territory the horse had made one hundred and fifty miles in one day, only once drinking a few mouthfuls of water and eating absolutely nothing;

yet going from sunrise till sundown at an easy, swinging gallop that brought no discomfort to the rider, and at a rate of speed not much slower than the average freight train in America.

Uninterrupted rides of one hundred to one hundred and twenty miles are nothing to the thoroughbred Turcoman, and it was due much imore to the excellence of his steed than to the sturdy bravery and love of liberty of his master that the tribes of Turkestan, the Tekkes and Uzbeks, were able to maintain their independence for so many centuries, although they were a ceaseless goad in the sides of their neighbors, the Persians, Afghans, Chinese and Russians.

But the training of these horses is something remarkable too.

Let us suppose that Mohammed Izzet Khan, the young chieftain of the Uzbeks, is meditating a raid into Persian territory.

His larder is empty and his harem needs replenishing.

His desert home will give him nothing but fleet horses, herds of cattle and what they yield.

But there is Persia, just a {ew days'journey off, with its fertile valleys, its rich trade, and pretty women; and, since it is inhabited by a race of infidels (Sheeites, while the

Turcomans are Sunites), it is righteous and profitable as well to despoil them.

So the youthful Khan thrusts his long spear into the turf next to his tent, and one of his dependants at the same time proclaims in a sonorous voice that Mohammed

Izzet Khan, a pillar of the Tekke tribe, a young lion whose courage never failed, and whose prey never escaped, is ready to go forth on a crusade against the unbelieving dogs, the Farsees, worshipers of a false apostle of

Allah.

The field will be taken against the infidels at the time of the next new moon, and all those wishing to join him, to swear allegiance to him, become his true comrades in arms and share in the spoils, may come forth within five days.

The raid is arranged.

Some one hundred and seventy young men of the aonl (nomad village) pledge their faith to the chieftain, and then two weeks are left to make everything ready.

Now is the time to put the horses through their peculiar training.

Every one of the raiders needs two, one to ride, one to carry his baggage and to mount in case his own horse is disabled or killed.

All the horses are put for a few days to a laxative regimen, and then the food and water allowance of the horse is gradually reduced to inure him to privation.

For two days before the departure the horse is fed exclusively on balls of highly concentrated food, the two principal ingredients of which are suet and sifted barley flour.

This puts the horse in first-class condition.

His coat becomes glossy, and his eyes gain in animation.

Thus he starts, and, during a razzia lasting often five or six days, the animal subsists on nothing but the tough, wiry

HORSES AND HUNTING IN PERSIA.

buffalo grass that grows wild, and a drink of water once in a long while.

His rider returns to his aoul, laden with spoil and with a fair new inmate or two for his harem—all due to the extraordinary speed, frugality and endurance of his charger.

Is it any wonder that the Turcoman values his horse higher than anything else on earth, and that the best horses in Turkestan can not be purchased?

Cases have been on record where an imprisoned Turcoman, offered life and liberty in exchange for just one piece of ransom—his horse—has indignantly refused, and suffered torture and death rather than give up his cherished idol to his hated and despised enemies, the Persians.

A noted Turcoman stallion, Damagh Tsheshme, was recently sold to the new Governor of Russian Turkestan for an immense sum, viz.:

fifty-three thousand roubles (twentyseven thousand dollars), but this was an exceptional case, dictated more by policy than a love of gain.

Generally speaking, however, horses are very cheap in Persia.

A good, serviceable and fine-looking half-breed can be bought for twenty-five toman (forty dollars).

A yaboo may be bought for six dollars and costs seldom more than twenty dollars.

A fairly good Arab thoroughbred will cost about sixty to eighty dollars and a little more will be be paid for a Turcoman of second quality.

But real first-class horses come high in Persia, as elsewhere, and those in the market at any time are few and far between, and find ready sale.

As the craving for fine horses amounts really to a sort of monomania with the high-class Persian, and as no scruples of any kind are allowed to interfere in getting them, those Persians* who have them hide them carefully from the view of the Shah and the governors and the princes, for fear of being forced to offer them on the altar of the fetish called pishkish (a custom making it obligatory on the

Persian to present as a gift that which has found the admiration of some superior).

Even the princes conceal their finest racers from the sight of their father, and at the spring races they will give strict instructions to their jockeys to keep their horses from showing unusual speed for fear they will be compelled to give them as pishkish.

It is strange that, although the Persians are all horsemen, they do not know how to ride, using the term in our sense.

They will canter or gallop all day long without visible discomfort, but they wilt sit on their animals like monkeys, with their knees drawn up and with their reins clutched tight, and will fall off on the slightest provocation.

When babies of three, they are already in the saddle, and they are in it all their lives, but they never receive any instruction, never know what a good, steady trot is, and never learn to keep firm on their horse's back.

And like them, the Persian horses never receive any training.

The gait they are easiest to ride—the gallop—is their natural one, and they only quit that for a brief spell in order to rest a little.

You can not get a trot out of a Persian horse unless you devote years and years of patient labor to it.

Then, again, they are all hard-mouthed, and most of them shy at any unusual object or noise.

For all that, they have a good deal of native intelligence, and they are kind and affectionate.

Kickers and biters are very rare amongst them.

While in Arabia and Turkey mares are universally ridden, in Persia it is the stallions alone that serve this purpose.

Geldings are unknown.

In the matter of dealers'tricks the Persians, with all their craftiness and cunning, are not up to the Western standard.

Still, they understand pretty well how to conceal the ravages time has made, or the imperfections of constitution or disposition in their "critters."Some of their tricks are identical with those obtaining here.

There is one great obstacle in the way of success for them, though.

Custom makes it incumbent on a dealer to leave a horse he has sold at least twenty-four hours in the purchaser's stable.

If, at the expiration of that time, the animal has not found favor in the eyes of the buyer, the latter can return it; if it has, the money is then and there paid, not before.

i go HORSES AND HUNTING IN PERSIA.

But even this is not always a safeguard.

Thus, I saw a beautiful Arab stallion in Teheran, the property of the

Qahis-ed-Douleh, son-in-law of the Shah.

It had been bought of an Arab dealer and had stood the test in everything for seventy-two hours instead of twentyfour.

The dealer had disappeared from

Teheran with the price paid—eight hundred toman (twelve hundred dollars).

Then only the stallion showed his real nature.

He would not let any one ride him, but threw off and stamped on everybody who attempted it.

What the dealer had used to disguise or rather to hold in abeyance for so long this fatal defect in his horse never became known.

The Shah's brother-in-law made a present of the animal to the American minister shortly after the latter's arrival, and

I tried the beast myself for a couple of hours, only to make up my mind finally that torn breeches and bruised knees hardly paid for the trouble I had in keeping myself on my "anxious seat."He had a way of knocking his rider against trees by the road side, and of breaking suddenly into a full run of lightning speed, which was, to say the least, uncomfortable.

The prevailing tendency of the Persian horses to shy is accounted for by the fact that their stables are almost pitch dark, and render all horses half blind in time, and likely to be frightened and bewildered by the sunlight.

With all their love of horses and their fondness of impromptu racing, it was left for this present Shah, Nusr-ed-Deen, to start races, properly so-called, in Persia.

They are run once in the year, forming part of the Noon-Rouz (New Year's) festivities at the end of March or the beginning of April, on a long track laid out just in front of the Derwazeh Ghaserin (Kaswin Gate), Teheran.

The track measures exactly half a farsakh, or two miles; and I saw the races there last April.

There were six races, beginning with making the circuit six times, or twelve miles, and ending with the two-mile run.

The speed attained was not as great as that of our fastest horses, but, considering the long distances, the poor condition of the track (there were many puddles on it, and the ground was soft and clayey), and the absence of all adequate training, it was phenomenal.

The first twelve miles were made in twenty-seven minutes and forty-two seconds;

the ten miles, in twenty-two minutes and seventeen seconds; the eight miles, in seventeen minutes and five seconds; and the last race of two miles, in four minutes and two seconds.

What deprived those races still more of being a fair test of the highest attainable speed of the Persian horses was the fact that the Shah's horses were all allowed to be the winners, this being partly due to respect for His Majesty, partly to policy, as any horse out-distancing his would inevitably have fallen a victim to the pishkish custom.

These races came off with much pomp and circumstance, and there was an audience on the city walls (some twentyfive feet high and overlooking the racetrack) and lining the track of two miles, computed at two hundred thousand.

Turcoman and Bagdad Arab horses took the prizes, which consisted of bags of good size filled with gold coins.

As the Persians are almost without exception horsemen, so are they, too, sportsmen.

Hawking and pigeon-fancying are the two chief national sports.

While hawking is indulged in exclusively by the rich, pigeon-flying is the sport of the poor.

In any town of considerable size in Persia one can see, as soon as the sun prepares to go to roost, men standing on the top of their flat roofs, flying their pigeons, and encouraging their own or frightening bevies of others.

These fanciers have often hundreds ot pigeons, constituting their whole wealth.

They breed and train them, and sell the surplus to provide bread for their families.

To each flock of pigeons there is a leader, educated to take his little crew around in the air, and the latter are always sure to follow in their wake. These aerial promenades at sundown are very amusing and interesting to watch.

The pigeon father, so to speak, i. e., the owner and breeder of the flock, superintends the exhibition.

He takes his leader

HORSES AND HUNTING IN PERSIA.

tenderly in the hollow of his hand, while the rest of the flock will throng around him.

Then, stretching his arm out and opening his hand, he gently throws the bird forward, who then circling round and round, first collects his followers, and then boldly wings a wide circuit around the house, sometimes hundreds of rods in extent and occasionally flying high up in the air.

The fancier meanwhile keenly watches his nimble crew, and encourages them with a peculiar cry, each fancier having one of his own that the birds recognize and mind at a considerable distance.

On giving them the signal to come back the leader will at once speed home, bringing his charges with him.

These exercises alone do not, however, afford a pretty spectacle.

They are also a sort of pitched battle between the respective skill of one breeder and another.

With the flocks of pigeons circling and circling, they will often collide with each other, and the younger and less experienced birds will become confused and lose themselves in a strange flock.

That is the time for the vigilant fancier to whistle for "down brakes,"and his flock, with the strange birds in tow, will come home to him, when he will at once make sure of his prize, which afterward has to be ransomed or bought back by the other fanciers to whom they belong.

Crowds of people, witnessing these contests of skill, will throng the roofs of the neighboring houses, each flock of pigeons being generally as well known to them as the colors of the winning horses are known on our race tracks to the habitues of the turf.

Hawking is still an expensive sport, and affords relatively little in the way of practical results.

The breeding and training of hawks is the business of a certain class of men who earn a precarious livelihood in that way.

As itinerant tradesmen they wander through the streets of the larger towns seeking whom they may sell one of their falcons to.

There must be quite a number of these men;

I should guess about one thousand in the whole country.

But when they make a sale, they can afford to live oft the proceeds of it for a year at least;

for with their frugal habits, fifty to one hundred toman (seventy-five dollars to one hundred and fifty dollars) are enough to keep a large family on for that length of time; and that is what a well trained hawk costs.

Birds are sold occasionally as high as two hundred toman.

These hawkers will stand at the entrance to a famous mosque or near the King's or Governor's palace, having their bird (for they rarely have more than one to sell) on their fist, and thus offering him for sale to all passers-by.

They will thus often watch and wait for weeks;

and when they finally become convinced that they can not sell them there, they will wander off to some other town.

For any one who pays them a small gratuity, they will show off the skill of their bird.

Letting a pigeon fly up on a square or in front of the city gates, they will take the hood off from before the hawks brilliant orbs, then, animating him with a short, sharp cry, they will point upward, and the hawk will rise, rise, rise, way above the poor little pigeon.

Then, swooping down upon it, the hawk will bring the pigeon back to his master, holding his prey tightly clutched in his talons.

The proceeds of these exhibitions pay the hawkers expenses until he sells the bird, when he will go home contentedly to his hovel and train another hawk.

The Shah has given up hunting with hawks, but his eldest son, the Zil-es Sultan, still practices the sport, and the majority of high Persian dignitaries do likewise, especially in the southwest and northeast portions of the country, where snipe, partridge, wild pigeons, pheasant, quail and hare are abundant.

As I said before, it is a time-honored but expensive sport, and that is certainly one of the reasons why the Shah, an avaricious man, does not believe in it.

The Shah is a splendid shot and an experienced sportsman, and generally bags an immense amount of game.

Now, the Persian does not eat game, at least but very sparingly, and not the kind that is most grateful to our western palates.

Spar-

GREATEST DISCOVERIES IN PHYSIOLOGY.

rows, for instance, are considered a delicacy by the Persian, and are eaten broiled or stewed.

But hare (an excellent variety), snipe, partridge, and mountain sheep (argali) he kills, but knows not how to utilize, considering them makruh (improper), or baelal (impure) in a religious sense.

It may not be generally known, but the argali (mountain sheep) is an animal that affords fine sport.

It is an animal of slender, graceful build, covered with grayish wool, and armed with a long, straight pair of horns.

They are at home in the higher mountain ranges of central and eastern Persia, and are very difficult to approach, wary, and of sensitive scent.

In their habits they much resemble the chamois, being phenomenal jumpers, and always keeping an old buck on guard to warn them.

The Shah is famous for being successful in this line, and he came very near being killed a few seasons ago, a bewildered argali jumping off a precipice on His Majesty, and almost knocking him down a steep declivity, on the bottom of which he would hardly have landed alive.

The gazelle is encountered in vast herds on the plains of the far northeast of Persia, where it adjoins Afghanistan.

To hunt successfully this fleet animal it is necessary to be exceedingly well mounted, and to have fresh horses ready when the first ones are tired out.

Professional hunters, called shikarree, are employed when a big hunt is arranged, especially when it is intended to do honor to a guest.

They chase the game for a day or so previous, and being then somewhat tired, it becomes relatively easier to hunt the gazelle down.

Lions occur now only in the south of Persia, but tigers are frequent not only in the south and southwest, but in the north and northeast as well.

The tigers of Mazanderan attain formidable proportions, and in that densely wooded and humid country along the western shore of the Caspian, tigers are still as much of a nuisance as in India.

The adult population of a village will generally arrange a tiger hunt when one of the species has made himself particularly obnoxious to the villagers.

A tiger who contents himself with mutton is called babr, but the Persian has a special word for a tiger that has partaken of human flesh, which is the exact equivalent of our "man-eater,"viz., "adamkhordan."The Shah in his earlier days used to be much devoted to the tiger chase, but since one of the breed was disrespectful enough to claw a good piece of His Majesty's shoulder flesh oft he has given it up.

The buffalo also is met with in Mazanderan and Ghilan, both wild and tame.

He is not quite so large as a full-grown American buffalo, and his hump is not so pronounced.

As for the dogs the Persians have no trained ones, and do not devote much attention to the matter of pedigree or breed.

The one in general use for the chase is the beautiful greyhound, known outside of Persia as "the Persian dog."

He is, however, not of Persian origin, and in Persia he is known as the Bactrian dog, coming from Bokhara.

This dog is a fine looking animal, in color varying from a yellowish gray to a decided golden brown, and even the shade of the Irish setter.

Like all greyhounds his scent is not strong, and he lacks intelligence and affection; but his sight is wonderfully sharp and accurate, and on the bleak plateaus of Central Persia, or on the vast plains of the northwestern provinces, he does reasonably well.

Beside this one the Persians have a dog resembling much the German dachshund, and an innumerable assortment of curs, devoid of legitimate family pride and association, but often doing well enough under the circumstances.—W. Von Schierbrand in the Cosmopolitan,

GREATEST DISCOVERIES IN PHYSIOLOGY.

Among the greatest discoveries in Physiology, common opinion would mention as the foremost, the action o*"the heart in circulating the blood—a discovery not originated but consummated by Harvey; and yet the discovery is of so simple and obvious a nature that we wonder now not so much at the ability

SONNET.

manifested in the discovery, as at the stupidity which permitted it to remain so long unknown, and even to be denied and ridiculed when published.

Harvey's work on the generation of animals entitled him to a higher rank as a pioneer in science than his theory of the circulation.

A far greater discovery was that of Dr. Gall, which embraced not only the anatomy but the functions of the brain as a mental organ—a discovery twenty times as "great, whether we consider the superior importance of the brain or the greatest investigating genius necessary to the discovery.

It easily ranks at the head of the physiological discoveries of the past centuries.

Next comes the discovery of the motor and sensory roots of the spinal nerves by Majendie and Bell, which did not, as commonly supposed, include the motor and sensory of the spinal cord.

This was a small discovery compared to Gall's but not inferior to Harvey's discovery of the cardiac functions.

A fourth discovery, perhaps of equal rank, was the discovery by Harvey's cotemporary,

Aselli, of the lacteals that absorb the chyle.

A fifth discovery of discoveries of importance was that of the corpuscles of the blood and the Malpighian bodies of the kidneys by Malpighii.

A sixth discovery considered more important and occupying a larger space in medical literature is the cell doctrine of Schwann, a doctrine still under discussion and by no means a finality.

Anatomical science has few first-class discoveries. Anatomy has been a growth of observation and description—not discovery.

Vesalius and Eustachius may be considered the fathers of modern anatomy, and the name of the latter is immortalized by the Eustachian tube, which he first recognized and described.

But the Fallopian tubes named after Fallopius were not his discovery.

They had been described long before by Herophilus and others.

Eustachius was nearly two centuries ahead of his age in anatomy, and should be gratefully remembered as a struggling scientist.

His valuable anatomical works, which he was too poor to publish, were published one hundred and forty years after his death by Lancisi.—y. R. B.

We can not be earnest about anything which does not naturally and strongly engage our thoughts.

Far more than mere talents or acquirements, enthusiasm and energy in work carry the day.

Dr.

Tulloch.

Our life is, in all its details, a life of duty, and every act must be measured by this standard.

We must or we must not.

If we have habits which we do not feel it our duty to give up, then they are habits which we ought to feel it our duty to keep up.

What it is not your duty to do, it is your duty not to do.

It is when we have been unmistakably wronged that we have an opportunity to prove ourselves real Christians.

So long as others treat us with fairness, with kindness and with courtesy, we have no test offered to the spirit of forbearance, even of charity or commendable gentleness.

Even the most uncivilized heathen would not be likely to resent an affront which he had not received.

SONNET.

ON THE DEATH OF ELDER A. K. THURBER.

And thou art gone, dear, kind, respected friend!

Worn and o'er weary thou hast sought thy rest, And found that bliss which on the good attend.

Well do we know the Father's will is best;

Nor would we call thee from the Savior's bieast To hear thy voice again, or see thee smile, Or clasp again that hand with friendship warm;

These in our mem'ries freshly dwell.

Meanwhile We humbly strive to follow in thy wake,

Believing thou hast found the Pearl of Life,

Rememb'ring that thy years with good were rife.

Ah, who could dream of dearer praise to make The spirit thrill, when future life is won,

Than God's sweet re-assurance, Child well done/ Ruby Lament.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, March, 1888.

"THE DRIVEL OF AGE."A baby is scarcely out of its 'long clothes before it begins to think it knows more than its parents.

He takes your knife or some other trinket and is going out into the yard with it.

You say, "You will lose the knife, my boy;"and with an air in which you may read pity for your ignorance, scorn for your fears and confidence in his own manhood, he replies, "No, Johnny won't."But despite all this pity, scorn and confidence, the young man comes back in a few minutes with a mingled look of fear and conscious wrong-doing, and confesses in tearful voice that Johnny has lost the knife.

But notwithstanding this demonstration of the superior wisdom of his father, Johnny, in the face of your caution that he will get wet, goes out to play with the hose or in the water, and comes back in a few moments a dripping example of waywardness.

Nor does this disposition to pit the confidence of youth against the experience of older years end with one's swaddling-cloths.

The young man with a downy mustache laughs at the oldfogyism of his father, or is amused at the womanly weakness of his mother, when they advise him against a course of conduct which, too late, he finds to have been mistaken.

His parents wish him to study harder, or to save money, or to keep away from bad company, and he laughs in his sleeve at such old fashioned ideas, until, alas!

in after days, he views the disadvantage in which he is placed in life's battle, with inferior education, without capital, and burdened with the habits of a spend-thrift and the costly and ruinous vices of former bad company.

Nor, indeed, does the disposition to discredit the experience of older years, depart from the youth upon reaching his majority.

He has learned to value experience but now he is apt to regard himself as possessed of about all the experience he will ever obtain, and he looks, therefore, upon the wise counsel of his aged parents as the drivel of age.

But experience will yet correct his arrogance.

Such is human life; we begin at infancy erecting idols against the counsels of our elders and time crumbles them.

From the cradle to the grave, the arrogance of youth is pitted against the experience of age, and always with the same result.

And why should experience be esteemed so highly?

Because if we listen to its monitions, we may avoid the rocks of disaster.

The mariner tells us of a sunken rock, a dangerous shoal, and we laugh at his warnings and sail onward to certain destruction.

Such is too often the folly of youth.

Age has sailed the course;

it has mapped its dangers: but we cast the chart to the wind and sail madly into the hazardous strait, that, if it does not ask our lives, will at least make sad shipwreck of our hopes.

To the old practitioner, a thousand little indications tell of the nature and extent of the patient's sufferings, that are not seen by the tyro.

In fact to every profession and trade there are numerous intuitions that come with long practice.

And so it is with the manifold experiences of life, with human nature, and the broad principles that underlie human action;

the older man is the wiser man.

Moreover, there are buf few things in this world that fall within the experience of one person.

The bulk of wisdom and knowledge possessed by any being is the accumulated experience of other times and other men.

Our children, then, should be taught, we should ourselves learn, to value experience.

The philosophical way of teaching the child is to caution him of the results of his doing this or that; then to permit him to do it if it be not likely he will seriously injure himself, for it is better that the child should cut his finger, or receive a fall, or other slight in-

EDITORIAL.

jury than not to learn the lesson; and then to point out to him that he did not follow your advice, and he cannot fail to appreciate the facts both of your superior wisdom and your love for him.

There are few occurrences of life, indeed, that do not become lessons to youth, if pointed out by the careful parent.

Henry Bergh, the pioneer in the great cause of the prevention of cruelty to animals, is dead.

He was a true philanthropist.

Like all great reformers he was an enthusiast, often ridiculed, but never disheartened.

The steel engraving of LieutenantGeneral Daniel H.

Wells presented as the frontispiece of this number was made from a photograph taken about five years ago.

It is such an excellent likeness and so superb an engraving that we concluded to use it rather than have a new one made in military uniform.

In fact the uniform of the Nauvoo Legion officers always was a feature of the least consequence, seldom being worn except on occasions of dress parade, celebrations, etc.

The next engraving will be a full page group of the LieutenantGeneral's staff.

In the death of David Whitmer the last of the three witnesses passes from the face of the earth.

Like Oliver Cowdery and Martin Harris, he died true to the testimony of his early youth.

The fact is one that should lead the human mind to reflect.

What is it that caused three men, if gross deceivers, to cling to a statement that brought them not distinction and wealth but calumny and poverty?

Judged by the standards employed by Paley in one of the most successful defences of Christianity yet written, the testimony of these men is confirmed by their lives.

The Book of Mormon would be none the less true if each of the three had denied his former testimony.

For no cause has been without its traitors and no witness-stand without its perjurers.

But while this is so, it is none the less true that the fact that amidst all sorts of adversity the three witnesses remained steadfast, is a stubborn fact to those who scoff at Mormonism and at the same time yield to such testimony the weight that human experience plainly entitles it to.

For several years the waves have been making inroads upon the Brighton Beach

Hotel, at Coney Island, New York.

At last the danger became so great that it was necessary to remove the building.

The necessity created one of the greatest triumphs of modern engineering.

The building is four hundred and fifty feet long, nearly two hundred feet deep, and is three stories high, with numerous still higher towers, and weighs, it is estimated, ten million pounds.

The entire structure was, after months of labor, made to rest on a hundred and thirty flat cars, under which were a large number of parallel railroad tracks.

Eight or ten locomotives were attached to the cars by an elaborate system of hawsers, and the building was successfully moved back from the shore six or seven hundred feet.

The issue is regarded as a happy augury of the success of the late

Mr. Eads'project for a ship railway;

it being justly argued that if a plastered, sprawling, frame building can be moved successfully, a compact ship, built to resist ocean storms may certainly be lifted from the water and transported.

A first rate story is told of Ingersoll, the infidel, who seems on one occasion at least to have lost the cunning of his tongue.

A distinguished minister, one of the foremost clergymen of the United

States, died, not many years ago, in Philadelphia, amid the heartfelt sorrow and regrets of a multitude of friends, who loved the man as much for the purity and excellence of his life as they respected him for his attainments.

Among the number of his friends was Colonel Ingersoll, who, whether solicited or unsolicited we know not, paid an eloquent tribute to the memory of his departed friend.

In the course of his eulogium he made the following state-

EDITORIAL.

ments, not consecutively as we give them but separated by intervals that perhaps caused their logical result to be unsuspected by the speaker.

He said, first, that the deceased was a faithful and devout Christian;

second, that his life and character were faultless;

and, third, that what he most liked about him was that he practiced what he preached.

Such a testimonial to the excellence of a Christian life should not be neglected.

Shall we have international copyright?

That is the question that agitates the authors.

At present, the situation is about as follows: Each country protects its own writers, composers, and artists, in the enjoyment of the fruits of their labor, but does not extend its protection to aliens.

It results that the people of Europe have helped themselves to American works of literature and art, and, which is incomparably more important, Americans have not scrupled to duplicate the rich products of European minds.

The importance of the question is understood when we contemplate the extent to which this literary piracy is carried on, and the number of foreign books we read which do not realize one cent to the authors, except when the piratical publisher may elect.

Dickens, Thackeray, Hugo, have not received a cent's tribute from America for their superlative novels, nor have Gilbert and Sullivan nor Wagner for their musical works, nor Sardou for his dramas, nor Munckacsy,nor Millais for their paintings.

It is wrong, and Congress is relied upon to remedy it.

If remedied, books will be higher, but the laborer will receive his compensation, and the writing of books be encouraged.

It is probable that the Latter-day Saints will never hear the end of the half masting of the flag on a certain occasion not many years ago.

If, as it seems, it is to be recorded among the unpardonable sins of Mormonism, we desire to submit two further instances of similar acts on the part of others, New Englanders in fact, which should go down through the corridors of time hand in hand with the Mormon offense.

The flags were half masted here as the expression of an opinion entertained by some people that Congress had violated fundamental canons of freedom in dealing with the Territory.

And it was generally understood that criticism ot the action was based upon the Liberal proposition that Congress can do no wrong, that when it speaks controversy must cease.

The instances referred to are sins of the same character and are mentioned to correct the impression that high treason of such magnitude is unique to Mormonism.

In Boston, not many years before the war, one Anthony

Burns, as escaped slave, was sought to be returned to his master under the Fugitive Slave act, a most unpopular measure, it is true, but none the less a Congressional statute.

United States troops were called out to assist in the enforcement of the law, and to resist attempts at rescue made by a sympathizing populace.

The military triumphed, and the slave Burns was escorted to the dock, while from all sides floated the American flag draped in mourning at half-mast.

Wherefore such grief?

Because United States authorities were enforcing a United States law.

In 1854, Congress, in the excellence of its wisdom, passed the Nebraska-Kansas bill, an act that seemed to stir up particularly the animosity of that stronghold of Puritan republicanism, the city of Providence.

They did not seem to have the idea that because Congress is Congress it is therefore infallible.

No, they were so incensed at the law, that they refused to vote an appropriation for the celebration of the Fourth of

July, and, believing that Congress had utterly disgraced itself, on that day tolled the bells one hour in the morning, one at noon and one at sundown, as an expression of their sorrow at the decadence of republican principles.

And yet it was a law of Congress they mourned.

No, gentlemen, Congress is neither infallibly wise nor infallibly righteous.

It is distinctly human, and we all know what that means.

WITH AN AMBULANCE.

A correspondent of the Dakota Farmer, after having tried turf, coal, wood and sunflowers, has settled upon the last named as the cheapest and best fuel for treeless Dakota.

He says:

"I grow one acre of them every year, and have plenty of fuel for one stove the whole year round, and use some in the other stove besides.

I plant them in hills the same as corn (only three seeds to the hill), and cultivate the same as corn.

I cut them when the leader or top flower is ripe, and let them lie on the ground two or three days.

In that time I cut off all the seed-heads, which are put into an open shed with a floor in it, the same as a corn crib.

The stalks are then hauled home and packed in a common shed with a good roof on it.

When cut in the right time the stalks, when dry, are as hard as oak. and make a good hot fire, while the seed-heads, with the seeds in, make a better fire than the best hard coal.

The sunflower is very hard on land.

The ground selected to plant on should be highly enriched with manures.

In the great steppes (prairie region) in the interior of Russia and Tartary, where the winters are more severe than here in Dakota, the sunflowers are, and have been for centuries past, the only kind of fuel used."WITH AN AMBULANCE.

The visitor in New York witnesses now and then an incident which was not, until very recently, to be seen in any other great city of the world.

Walking up Broadway, he may suddenly have his attention arrested by an unusual agitation up the street: a bell clangs harshly, and he is startled to see omnibuses and carts and carriages pull suddenly to either side, leaving an open lane between.

Down this course comes a covered fourwheeled wagon drawn by a powerful horse galloping hotly.

It is not a runaway. Though the horse is speeding, it is not at a mad gallop, but a measured, trained pace.

The driver is cool and alert, and has control.

Moreover, after the rattle of its wheels, and the sound of its warning bell have passed, one looks after the dashing vehicle and sees on the rear seat a uniformed young gentleman, who carelessly contemplates the press on either side.

So an explanation is asked of a policeman.

It is easily given.

The vehicle is an ambulance summond by telegraph from one of the large public hospitals, to attend to some casualty and to carry the sufferer to a place of relief.

It has the right of way over all other vehicles.

It is provided with all appliances necessary in emergencies, and the young man on the rear seat is the ambulance surgeon.

Suppose that we follow it, or better still, that the surgeon is a friend of ours who has invited us to accompany him in order that we may see how an ambulance "call"is answered. A call may be given by telegraph from any of the alarmboxes of the fire department, or from any police station, and the surgeon responds as quickly as do the engines when they are summoned to extinguish a fire.

He may have been sitting in his room at the hospital; the instant his bell rings he runs down stairs and finds the ambulance already at the door, and springs upon the rear seat while the vehicle dashes off on its message of mercy.

Only a very few minutes elapse before the scene of the accident is reached, and there, perhaps, we find a pale and bleeding workman who has fallen from a scaffolding, or some one who has been run over and maimed in the crowd of the city streets.

The surgeon jumps out ol his seat as nimbly as an acrobat and at once sets to work to give relief.

While he is attending to the case, we may examine the ambulance itself.

In general appearance it is not unlike a covered grocer's wagon, a resemblance heightened by the broad step suspended behind.

Beneath the driver's seat is a

WITH AN AMBULANCE.

receptacle in which are stowed a tourniquet, bandages, splints, emetics, antidotes, ether, stimulants, anodynes—all the resources of which experience in city casualties has taught the need.

Behind is the surgeon's seat, cushioned but backless bridging the wagon from side to side.

Remove it, drop the backboard, and a stretcher may be slid into the ambulance, or a patient can easily board it by the rear step.

The floor is cushioned, the sides are padded, and the whole is swung on easy springs; fast time over the cobble-stones can thus be made without causing discomfort to a sick or injured inmate.

A stretcher, fracture-box and strait-jacket complete the equipments.

In some hospitals the ambulance horses are stalled with their harness on.

Speed, power and steadiness, rather than good looks, are sought for in them, and drivers are valued according to the time they can make safely.

When special haste is needful, the police telegraph a "fire-call."It takes less than a minute to harness and be out of the gate, when the driver will guide his ambulance at full speed through any crowd, scarcely once drawing rein.

In the course of duty an ambulance surgeon sees little of the bright side of life, and his work brings him in contact chiefly with the poorer classes.

He is summoned to render, first, aid in all forms of injury and disease.

At any time of day and night he is prepared.

From the calm perusal of his books, he may in a few moments be transported to scenes of frantic confusion, there to encounter the gravest surgical emergencies.

The queer phases of metropolitan life become familiar.

He knows the precinct stations as well as his own room.

Docks and garrets, cellars where sickness lurks neglected, streets unfrequented save by the outcast and the police, haunts of violence and crime, are included in his daily ride.

Wherever he goes a curious throng gathers around him.

The same types of faces are seen again and again.

It sometimes seems as if the same persons followed him from place to place, by a strange instinct foreknowing his destination.

One feature of these episodes he can never explain.

Though he respond to a call at the top of the horse's speed, perhaps before he reaches the scene of accident, almost certainly before the patient can be removed, the mother, or wife, or sister of the injured man or boy unaccountably appears.

How has she heard?

Who has told her?

Nobody knows.

Yet, though she lives far away, and must come afoot, a mysterious summons has been served, and she is there, bare-headed, weeping, her arms red from the laundrying, or white with flour.

This the surgeon expects as a matter of routine, yet it is none the less incomprehensible.

Night comes down, but the work of a hospital does not cease.

Night-nurses and orderlies go on duty; doctors make their late rounds.

To the ambulance surgeon darkness brings no guarantee of rest.

He may, and often does, sleep undisturbed for nights together, yet there is always an overhanging uncertainty of which he becomes aware by contrast, when, on his short vacations, he goes to bed finding unutterable peace in the thought, "I shan't be called tonight."Speculating as usual on these chances, he looks from his window in Bellevue Hospital upon the river, where the lights of the ferry-boats are gliding hither and yon.

Watchmen on the ships strike "five bells,"half-past-ten—a good time to turn in, he thinks.

But his alarm rings also just then, and it is plain the Fates think differently.

Pulling on his coat, as he rushes downstairs two steps at a time, he is told that a "fire-call"has come for all the ambulances—a rare occurrence.

No one knows what has happened; a big accident or fire, probably.

One after another, all the ambulances gallop up from the stable to the hospital steps, where their surgeons board them while they are under way.

Our friend mounts the rear steps of one, and leaps into the seat.

What a rush it is! How the lights flash

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

by! How the wheels jar on the cobblestones!

Jolting this way and that, shav.

ing past lamp-posts and the pillars of the elevated railroad, the gong sounding, the driver shouting to his horses, the surgeon has a stirring ride!

A broad, brilliantly lighted avenue is crossed.

A dark, silent crowd fills the street ahead, and the vehicle enters a space cleared by the police, and draws up in line with the ambulances from other hospitals.

Torches and lanterns show what has happened. The upper story of a place of amusement has toppled over, and lies, a broad heap of wreckage, across the street.

Two carriages in waiting have been crushed like eggs, the horses killed as by a thunderbolt.

It is said that a festival was in progress, and that many pleasure-seekers and passers-by are buried.

Firemen are digging among the bricks and mortar and beams.

A crack regiment had but just marched past when the catastrophe occurred; many of the soldiers are at work.

Beside the working parties, stretchers in hand, stand the ambulance surgeons, ready to render instant service.

Finally, the deepest recesses of devastation have been explored.

The crowd dwindles away.

The firemen withdraw, and the police post sentries.

It turns out that the loss of life is not so great as was feared, and our friend's ambulance is not needed.

Awed by a scene uncommon even in his life, and thankful for once that his vehicle is empty, he rides leisurely back to hospital, while the stars shine down upon the city with a chill indifference.

Win.

S.

Cheesman, 31.

D., in Youth's Companion.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

GENERAL CONFERENCE OF THE Y. M. M.

I. A.

A general conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations will be held in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake

City, on Saturday and Sunday, June 2d and 3d.

Meetings will commence each day at 10 a. m., 2 p. m. and 8 p. m.

The general and local authorities of the Church are requested to promote the interests of this conference, so far as they are able, that it may be largely attended and productive of the utmost good.

A general invitation to the people is extended to be present.

Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, General Superintendency Y. M. M. I A.

NEW TESTAMENT.

Lecture XL—Calling of the Twelve Apostles.

Time, A. D. 31.

The nature of the apostleship; names of the Twelve

Apostles.

Reference, Matt, iii; Luke vi.

Lecture XII.—The transfiguration.

Time, A.

D.

32.

The three select Apostles; the two terrestrial visitors; the admonition of secrecy given to the three Apostles.

Reference, Mark ix;

Luke ix.

Lecture XIII.—The appointment of the Seventy.

Time, A.

D.

33.

The character of the appointment; the missionary instructions given to the Seventy.

Reference, Luke x.

BIBLE.

Lecture XIII.—Esau and Jacob. Time, 1836 to B. C.

Their occupations;

their estimation of the sacred birthright;

the alien marriage of Esau;

his revengeful feelings concerning Jacob.

Reference, Gen. xxv to xxvii.

Lecture XIV.—Jacob at Bethel. Time, B.

C.

His dream;

his tithe covenant.

Reference, Gen. xxviii.

Lecture XV.—Jacob and his twelve sons.

Time, 1728 B. C.

His marriage;

his prosperous sojourn with Laban;

his family.

References, Gen. xxix and xxx.

Lecture XVI.—Joseph in Egypt. Time, 1728 to B. C.

Cause of his being

4S6 OLIA'lION INTELLIGENCE.

in Egypt;

his temptation and victory;

his gift as a revelator;

his promotion to governorship, thereby becoming a savior to his father's house.

References, Gen.

xxxvii and xxxix.

BOOK OF MORMON.

Lecture XIII.—Laman's curse. Time B. C. Causes that led to the curse;

effects of the curse.

Reference, II Nephi chap.

v.

Lecture XIV.—Jacob the recorder.

Time, B.

C.

His zealous disposition;

his calling as a High Priest;

his labors as a recorder.

Reference, Jacob i.

Lecture XV.—Sherem, the AntiChrist.

Time, B.

C.

The hypocritical questions to Jacob;

the signseeking; the confession of the impostor.

Reference, Jacob vii.

ANALYSIS FOR SHORT LECTURES ON CIVIL GOVERNMENT.

Greater progress will be made in the study of political science by understanding first something of the general principles of government and law.

This introductory matter may be set forth in three brief lectures, which are outlined as follows:

MANKIND FITTED FOR SOCIETY, GOVERNMENT AND

LAW.

i.—Man is a social being.

2.—He is dependent upon his fellow-men.

3.

Each must support himself, and is entitled to that which he earns.

4.—He must have a right to use and enjoy the fruits of his own labor; hence the right of property.

5.—All men in society have the same rights.

6.—-Many men would infringe the rights of others, for their own selfish ends, unless restrained;

hence the necessity for law.

7.—Law, in a limited sense, denotes the rules of human action, prescribing what men are to do, and forbidding what they are not to do.

8.—Man is a moral being, that is, he has a sense of right and wrong.

9.

Men are social, reasonable, and moral beings, and, therefore, they are fitted for society and law.

RIGHTS, LIBERTY, AND LAW.

1.—A right is a just claim.

2.—Any one of a man's rights may be forfeited if he infringes the rights of others.

3.

Rights of citizens are divided into two classes, political and civil.

4.—Political rights are (a) the right of all to establish a government, and (b) the right of each to share in it, by voting.

5.—Civil rights are either absolute or relative.

Absolute rights are (a) personal security;

(b) personal liberty, and (c) right of private property.

6.—Relative civil rights are either public or private.

Public;

they are (a) the right of the people to the protection of the government, and (b) the right of the government to the obedience of the people.

Private; they are those rights arising from the relations of (a) husband and wife; (b) parent and child; (c) guardian and ward, and {d) employer and employed.

DIFFERENT FORMS OF GOVERNMENT.

1.—The earliest form of government was, perhaps, patriarchal, meaning the father and ruler of a family.

Abraham was a patriarchal ruler.

2.—A theocracy, signifies a government by those who are religious rulers.

3.—An aristocracy, originally meant a government by the best men.

All kinds of government may be reduced to three forms;

namely:

monarchy, aristocracy, or democracy.

4.—Monarchy;

this may be, as to power, (a) absolute, or (b) limited.

As to title, (a) hereditary, or (b) elective.

5.—Democracy;

this may be (a) a pure democracy, or (b) a republic.

6.—A republic is that kind of democracy in which the power to enact and execute laws, is exercised by representatives, who are persons elected by the people, to act for them.

REFERENCES FOR READING.

Andrews's Manual of the Constitution;

pages 9-23.

Blackstone's Commentaries (Cooley's) Sec.

II.

Young's Government Class Book, pages 11-22.

Wedgewood's Government and Laws.

If 'tis perfection makes the perfect brain,

To some degree, all people are insane.

This being true, it is a deed divine To learn to place the plus, or minus sign.

The finest and noblest ground on which people can live is truth: the real with the real; a ground on which nothing is assumed.

Emerson..

(Qej^y Xmas.

din I?APPY HEW l/EA^.

GLOBE MRAT MARKET Opposite Z.

C.

NC.

I., Keeps Constantly #n Hand a Splendid Assortment of the Finest MEATS. 1 BEEF, MU7 TON, VEAL, PORK> SAUSAGES, HOME CUBED HAMS and Sp?

Breakfast Bacon.

#<&€&€&7 GAME IN SEASON.

<ne-z-ce -M?i?-<Z.

ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED AND SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

ROBERT SHERWOOD, Proprietor, James Hayes, Jaiih.5 Murray, Edwiw O. Paktkii ^nfles, Jjowaj \ Co.,-* MANUFACTURERS Ladies', Misses', Children's, Boys and Youth* L D. YOUNG, AGENT FOR UTAH. SHOES.

MO.

1103 RACE ST., Philadelphia.

v*e fl« Pleasant Valley, Anthracite, Coke, Charcoal - > AND PIG IRON.O - A. L. WILLIAMS, s. main stueiu Sole -A^-eaa/t £ox

Clark, Eldredge & Co., Wholesale Groceries, Crockery, Queensware, Etc., MAIN STREET,- I SAL/T LAKE OITY.

dJohn @. ©catlep PROVQ ^^OOIyRiy GQOD8, Always hare in Stock a Fine Line of Home Made Suitings, Dress Goods, Flannels and Yarn.

!( OLD CO-NSTITUTIOW BUILDING/. )| R. C. CHAMBER*, President.

F. A. MITCHELL, Sco'ij & Manager

OFFICE at No. 40 Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, 0TAB.

Telephone No 384.

OPPOSITE Z. C. M.

!.

P. O. Box 927 Orders delivered to any address in the city, or furnished at the yard at regular rata*.

R. K. THOMAS, P:ry Goods, OlotlxiriLg, R. K. T Si, Notions.

IT I rn Ec TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BUCKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO Tlxe gUetrgrest SauLe of a.n.-y Tobacco ian.

tlxe T77"orldL.•URSEEMmiWUAElB BTJS5TQ3^r. 0--^Z5IDDbTBSB CO.,

Mtwteatnwau et Combination Fence;

Made of Annealed Steal «»U ©alvanised Wire, oaf 44 Pleket* per Bed, &t a cost of from 45 ets. to 9l.m ye* &ed.

Tkte 3s Ike Bart J»r» end Gejrfae Veaea M*de

WS«« S*$8 ACT& COT© W <iL« ©as. Isa.pieT*l glen ZSvttor Ubj—«ua.y Zaaa.poxt«A

Agents tor the Celebrated!

HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACHINES opposite: the thgatbe.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN

ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC, Guns, Rifles, Pistols, l|ttgtl«, JjWfmll §mA», fte$H fyttWf »>H >§EKD FOB CATAJLOGUE.o » Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

SIERRA NEVADA LUMBER ASSOCIATION ojt UTAH e ooooooooooooo oooooooeo o o o g I I £ Mill Work In all its Branches.

Oak, Ash, Cherry, Walnut, Butternut, Mahogany, 8paiiah Cedar, Prima Vera, Etc, la Stock.

Hard and Soft Wood Mantels, to Order. Stair Building a Specialty, <i o 4 ooooooooooooo ooooooooo One-half Block South U.

C. Depot SAL! LAKE CITY.

S. I LYNN, Supt.

JOHN READING, PIONEER Florist of Utah.

TRKES, SHRUBS, PLANTS AND SEEDS, Of Every Description, Acclimated, and Warranted to be Reliable,

Send lor Catalogue.

Order* by Mail Carefully Attaadad to.

&/ne //temtam /itctale-4 o/.J^zticat.

-faenetat /c-jr//// {^////M nazle veen aeuve7ed to 4uv4ctive$4 utno nave /tata

JfrJ2.O0 /ci ^e/.

(/'//cc// a/<io u/ _ c/aae-j vvndcna at ena ojf trie near.

.

@/i£04ctiveG4 i&Ao nave /lata tut A.2.00 /ci <iavdc$>(Situ?n only, vn te.

nuttcna tne aadttconai <O0 rrn/t vc/oic /azu /j/u'tutcrcct'e tne /uctate ana vtnat7Z4Z ftrc at tne ena ojf t/ie neat.

&£> 93ontuAtot %.

C.\V.«&M.Co PAID UP CAPITAL,»150.000.

Leading Agricultural Implement Roace of Utah. | J ruxruijxnjqnfiruTriJ\njTj^JxruTrLruirLQjTj^^ @0-0]S).

l$J<3(|0H |f (HQcsRiFie (5©.

f uuT-njuxru-tnjxrinnj-uTjuTj-uxrLnjrrLn. ruTJirirLrLrtrtnnruxRnnjTJxruonjTArLnjlrLnjTJLri

REPRESENTS THE *g Mitchell Wagons, Bain Wagons, | **£.

M'twi Machines, Deere Pious \£ ftussell <& Co.'s Machinery, 5g: ARRIACES, BUCCIES, ROAD CARTS, HARNESS. »_ SJ..

..,'-.

c*"~& O/W'.dfeM.Oo Half Block South of Theatre, £>* k^ SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH KC Ol ousWcl 8c ^ov Qpp. Z.C.M.I., East Temple St., Sa/t Lake City.

INCORPORATES.

Une.-rt'llcd Dry Goods, "ewest Varieties.

Standard Prices.

Staple and Fancy Groceries, » Alvrayg J\i«sh and WholeeoMe.

A COMPLETE AJIORTMIMT OK:TS &M SHOES.

'<*»«/ /"r /r"»/w***'n» ''A/'i5fj/ Styles.

iruu\ju\r\su\nr\su\ HOME TLTLTLp rLop -> £ CASH d ASSETS, axruj A Snceessfnl HOMX INSURANCB COMPANY.

CoUntr* Trade Cnr+fulh Attendud *0.

Guarantesa Fair Treatment and Atoeorute Sectjritv against R I RE £ Cents a day protect s your house for $1000 HeberJ.Grant&Co., frrttrral Sgtnt*, 4o yMAiN 3t., Salt Lake Ciif,