December

THE

. CONTRIBUTOR.

CONT^ENTS FOR DECEMBER/ 1888.

PAGE.

Missionary Labors Sea Bathing at Jaffa i Joseph M.

Tanner.

A New Witness for God.

IX B H. Roberts The Barber's Art Charles W. Stdyner Jaunt through County Antrim Robert W. Sloan The Religion of Robert Burns.

II Horatio Inequalities of Nature Marion E. Scales In Mariposa Grove.Alfred Lambourne Pioneer Life...".

Richard G. Lambert.

Autumn Leaves Emmeline B.

]^ells Editorial:

Our Mission!

The First Year's Series '.

The Charactei*of Lady Macbeth Edna Wells Association Intelligence X^V^HY »H01j:ivI> ^!irOU E^XTE^I^ If you ask your storekeeper to sell our Soaps he'll do it.

Startling 'mprovements Have Been.« ade in Ihetn.

(3-. n.

snjTEX-ni..

livdrgrr.

ORGANIZED OCTOBER

I6th, 1868.

President, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Vice-President, MOSES THATCHER, Secretary and Treasurer, T.

G. WEBBER.

-DIRECTORSGEO. Q. CANNON.

10S. F. SMITH, "HEBER J. GRANT.

lOHN SHARP, GEORGE ROMNEY, JOHN R. WINDER, "HENRY DINVVOODEY, P.

T. FARNSWORTH.

(OHN R. BARNES, "WILLIAM H. ROWE.

THOS. W. JENNINGS.

Mattu/'aetufefs, Itiijiortern, atid, Wholesale anil

Retail Itealevf* in Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES ATT OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County. Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

Co-operative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Tinware and Stamped Ware, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Tools and Implements, Stationery and Blank Books, School Books, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Hats and Caps, Paper Hangings, Boois and Shoes, Ruhher Goods, Leather and Findings, Pnre Drugs and Medicines.

Wines and Liquors Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

g^^Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and CRrc-iul Attention.

r.

Gr. WEBBKR, Supt.

WMNES BKOS.

v Celebrated Corsets.

HE merit and popularity ^^'i^S of these Corsets is at- ^)M tested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imiiHiiuns of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starci^ and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitaiion recognized, for they have "Dr, printed on the inside of the si eel cover.

li.ty can always Warner's Coraliiie'TOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

^WARNER *BROS> K^o^w ^yor*ls:

For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

OliiosLgjo.

For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

WMNEfi SSOS.'Celebrated Corsets

UNION

PACIFIC (VIA^ The Dflion Pacific.

'THE 8LD OlERLiO ROyTE."-(BETWEE-N)- Utah and the Missouri River.

(TAKE THE FAST TRAIN,) THE OVERLAND FLYER"And Save One Day Crossing the ContinentNo

Tourist can properly appreciate the Grandeur of the Scenery or the Magnificence, Extent and Resources of the United States, until he has compassed journeys to the following points:

COLORADO IN GENERAL, UTAH IN GENERAL, and Salt lake city in Particular;

Yellowstone"^National Parle, The Great Shoshone Palls, The Columbia Rmer, Oregon, Vuget Sound and Alaska;

The Sierra^ in Nevada, California in General, Yosemite, the Big Trees, And Los Angeles, And Mining Camps, Cities, and Health Resorts of the Rocky Mountains, all o'"which are best reached via the

Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

THOS.

L. KIMBALL, Acting Gen'l Manager, OMAHA, NEB.

E.

L. LOMAX, Ass'l Gen'l Pass & Ticket Ag't,

OMAHA, NEB.

J. S. TEBBETS, Gen'l Pass. & Ticket Ag't.

OMAHA, NEB.

J. V. PARKER.

Div. Pass. Ag't.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

UTAH CENTHAL RAILWT

PIONEER LINE OF UTAH, Runs Regular Trains for Convenience of

Public, Krom OGDE^N to KRISCO.

S^FE.-:-:-:-:-:-:-COMFORT:^BLE.-:-:-:-:-;-:-QmGK.

JOHN SHARP, General Supt, [AMES SHARP, FRANCIS COPE, Asst.

Genl. Supt, Gen. Freight 6* Tkt. Agt.

PerfectEquipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANON MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

SidwM^que^ouk BETWEEN CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS NEW YORK.

PASSENGERS FROM THE WEST Can Secure Thvon^^h Day aud Pullman Sleeping Car Service from

ST. LOUIS over the OHIO & MISSISMPPJ and ERIE RAILWAYS, or Irom

CHICAGO over tho < HICAGO & ATLAlMTJC and KRIh, RAILWAYS to the important Kastern Cities.

Limited Trains, 8»aily e^ quipped with PULLMAN'S latest pattern ot PALACE and DRAWING ROOM COACHKS.

ASK FOR YOUR TICKETS Via the ERIE RAILWAY, ON SALE AT ALL THE PRINCIPAL RAILWAY STATIONS throughout the West.

W. H. HVRLiBVRT, Genl. Western Passenger Agent,

CHICA GO.

£.

B. FARMER, Genl. JPaasengar Agent, NEW YORK.

B.

F^. TTRJ^SOECx,:£>. o B03C aesa.

SJi.XjT X.J^ICj3 CIT"2".

Wholksa-lk and Retail Dkalkr in Dry Goods, Oroceries Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, and all kinds ovGENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

TTi TT S, p. TPEASDKL, East Temple St.

X^ i^-s^^^K^ In relation to €€^4 \^., Tbe people of Vtab'.

are sensibly nnltedt.

In prefei'lngr those '^, made at AMERICA AHEAD!!!

lAiii i iiiii AUT-in ITHE BESTTHREADforSEWING MACHINESJ ff I b k^l IfIMM I I V SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brand.

SIX-CORD SPOOL COTTON FOR SALE BY ALL LKaDI.SG IlKALEiiS.

ASK FOR IT! BUY IT J! TRYa^'^ Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

Rustic, Planky Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

aB"V^:S3K."X"'Ti3:iasrcaTxa-.A-rr btju-iDES^© 3>tb3B33 SOTFTH TFMPI K ST.

SALT LAKE CITY.

GLOBE MEAT MARKET.

^ OPPOSITE Z. C.

M.

I- (^ Keeps Constantly on Hand a Splendid Assortment of the

Beef, Mutton, Veal.

Pork, Sausages, -iEIome 0-u.re(a. Hams arLci IBrealsfa-st Bsucoaa.- IW SEASON.

:i^- GAME II Orders Carefully Filled and Satisfaction Guara,n teed.

ROBERT SHERWOOD, PROPRIETOR.

IT IS THE BEBT TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BUCKWELL'S OURMM TOeACCO Tlie Hiargrest Sale of any ToToacco Ikl tlTLe "'s7v7"orl<5K fOR PLEACiURE, <OMFORT,HEi SMOKE THE PL J MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W.T-BiJicitt^ILLii s Co.

PnPULARBECAUSE RELIABUg^ MANUFACTURERS OF CHICAGO WAX CALF^<^ ^ q^^UPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Boston Store, 16 an«t 18 South St.

CUoago Store, 179 and 181 L^ce

Btr«>|»

A BIG INDUCEMENT For $19.50 the Herald Company of this City offer a first class Sewing Machine, with a complete set of Attachments, and the SkmiWeekly Herald, ten pages of news and general information, for a a year.

As the person wanting the machine may prefer any other edition of this journal, the Sunday, Weekly or the Daily, the machine can be had by paying only the increased difference in the papers. Thus the Machine, and the Daily Herald for one year would only cost $28.

If a better and more expensive machine is desired, it can be had, but at best the Herald announces that the machine it sells, while being as good as any in the market and as durable, is from two-thirds to one-half less than any agent will sell it for, including the price of the Herald; they simply give their subscribers the benefit of manufacturers prices, and save to the bu3^er the commission that is made, first by the wholesale buyer, then by thb retailer, next by the agent, and last, the exorbitant interest that is put on this useful article, because it is indispensible.

The Herald Company is also very extensively advertising a Grand

Prize Drawing for its Semi-Weekly, and states that fully 1250 prizes will be given away to subscribers of that excellent, bright, newsy ten page publication, which is certainly without a rival in the Rocky Mountain Region.

These prizes vary in value from one to three hundred dollars, and the arrangement of the drawing will be such that every j)rize will be drawn, and the subscribers themselves will have control of the execution of the drawing.

The paper is but three dollars a year, and all who would have a chance in this drawing have only to subscribe and pay for one year in advance.

Those already subscribers have only to pay up arrearages and one year in advance.

There can be no doubt that such an offer as this will greatly increase the subscription of this excellent Semi-Weekly Newspaper.

It is deserving of support, and there are few wide awake citizens of this and adjoining territories who will not take advantage of so magnificent an offer, besides introducing into their families the best and largest and brightest and most reliable Semi-Weekly Newspaper,published in the

Rockv Mountains.

HENRY DINWOODEY.

-^mmm^fmCarpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, BABY CARRIAGES. JN"HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

First South St.

.

Salt Lake City,

Vol. X.

DECEMBER, 1888.

No.

2.

MISSIONARY LABORS.

The first mission performed by

President Brigham Young was undertaken in the month of December 1832—the same year in which he was baptized into the

Church. He went on foot from Mendon,

New York, to upper Canada, where he remained preaching the Gospel until February 1833.

His wife had died in the spring of 1832, and, therefore, when he returned from his first mission to Mendon, he made his home with HeberC. Kimball, continuing to preach in that neighborhood.

In April, 1833, he started again, on foot, for Canada, where he was successful in raising up several branches of the

Church.

About the first of July of that year, he started with several families for Kirtland, where he tarried a while to enjoy the society of the Prophet Joseph.

He then returned to Mendon;

but in September made his way back to Kirtland, where he began working at his trade (carpenter and glazier).

When the call came from the Lord for the Elders to go up and redeem Zion, Joseph seemed particularly anxious that

Brigham should go with him; and Brigham appeared equally anxious that his brother Joseph Young should go too.

Meeting the Prophet one day,in company •with Joseph Young, Brigham told him that his brother was doubtful as to his duty about going. To which the Prophet said: "Brother Brigham and brother Joseph, if you will go with me in the camp to Missouri, and keep my counsel, I promise you in the name of the Almighty that I will lead you there and back again, and not a hair of your heads shall be harmed."They shook hands in confirmation of the covenant.

The promise was fulfilled, the brothers Young returned to Kirtland safe on July 4th, 1834.

The mission of Zion's Camp, was looked up6n as a failure, by some of the

Saints in the East, who refused to become connected with it.

One of these characters met President Young, shortly after his return, and half tauntingly asked him, what had been gained in going up with Zion's Camp!

"All we went for,"promptly replied Brigham, "I would not give the experience I gained in that journey, for all the wealth in Cayuga County."Some two months after the quorum of the Twelve Apostles was organized, Brigham Young was called to go on a mission to the Indians.

"This will open the door to all the seed of Joseph,"said the Prophet.

He started on this mission, in company with the Twelve;

returning to Kirtland, in September, 1835, where he remained during the fall and winter, attending the Hebrew school, and superintending the painting and finishing of the temple.

Early in the spring of 1836, he started on another mission, traveling through the state of New York, Vermont [his native state] and Massachusetts.

In the fall he returned to Kirtland and sustained the Prophet, during one of the darkest periods through which the Church has ever passed.

On the eighth of July, 1838, the following appeal was made—"Show us thy will

O Lord, concerning the Twelve?"And in answer the Lord gave the following revelation:

"Verily, thus saith the Lord, let a con-

MISSIONARY LABORS.

ference be held immediately, let the Twelve be organized, and let men be appointed to supply the places of those who have fallen.

"Let my servant Thomas* remain for a season in the land of Zion, to publish my work.

"Let the residue continue to preach from that hour, and if they will do this in all lowliness of heart, in meekness and humility, and long-suffering, I the Lord, give unto them a promise that I will provide for their families, and an effectual door shall be opened for them, from henceforth.

"And next spring let them depart to go over the great waters, and there promulgate my Gospel, the fulness thereof, and bear record of my name.

Let them take leave of my Saints in the city Far West, on the 26th day of April next, on the building spot of my house, saith the Lord."John Taylor, John E.

Page, Wilford Woodruff and Willard Richards were appointed to fill the places of those who had fallen.

In the fall and winter of 1838-9, however, the Saints were driven, not only from Far West, but from the State of Missouri, and it was generally supposed that the revelation would fail of fulfilment.

In the meantime Thomas B.

Marsh,who was President of the Twelve, at the time the revelation was given, had apostatized, leaving Brigham Young the president of that quorum; and he was not the man to let the revelation fail of fulfilment.

Many of the authorities of the Church in Illinois maintained that the Lord would not require the Twelve to fulfil thfe revelation: "But I felt different,"says Brigham, "so did those of the quorum who were with me.

I asked them, individually, what their feelings were upon the subject.

They all expressed their desire to fulfil the revelation.

I told them the Lord had spoken and it was our duty to obey, and leave the event in His hands, and He would protect us."Accordingly they started for Far West, and reached that place in safety.

During * Thomas B. Marsh.

the 25th of April they hid in a grove;

then early on the morning of the 26th the day appointed in the revelation—the

Twelve held their conference;

excommunicated thirty-one persons;

then went to the excavation which had been made for the foundation of the Lord's

House, and Elder Cutler, the master workman, recommenced laying the foundation, which had been stopped through the violence of mobs, by rolling up a large stone near the southwest corner.*

Present of the Twelve: Brigham Young,

Heber C. Kimball, Orson Pratt, John E.

Page and John Taylor.

They ordained Wilford Woodruff and George A. Smith to be Apostles in place of those who had fallen.

The quorum then offered up prayer in their order, beginning with President Young.

This done, they sang Adam ondi-Ahman, and taking leave of the Saints started for the East.

"Thus was this revelation fulfilled,"says President Young, "concerning which our enemies said if all the other revelations ofJoseph Smith came to pass, that one should not be fulfilled, as it had date and place to it."It was not until September of the same year the foregoing occurred that

President Young started for England on his mission.

The work of getting the Saints who had been expelled from Missouri settled in Illinois, together with other duties, and a protracted illness prevented his starting sooner.

On the above date, however, he left his home at Montrose, and started for England.

He was by no means recovered from his illness, and indeed was so feeble that he had to be assisted to the ferry, only some thirty rods from hjs house.

All his children were sick, and he left his wife with a babe but ten days old, and in the poorest of circumstances;

for the mob of Missouri had robbed him of all he had.

After crossing the river to the Nauvoo side, Israel Barlow took him on a horse behind him and carried him to the house of Heber C.

Kimball, where his strength altogether failed him, and he had to remain there several days, * The excavation still remains at Far West, as the Saints left it, and the stone is still there.

MISS10i\ARy LA 8 OR.

nursed by his wife, who, hearing that he was unable to get farther than Brother

Kimball's, had a boy carry her in a wagon to him.

On the i8th of the month, in company with Heber C. Kimball, he made another start. A brother by the name of Charles

Hubbard sent a boy with a team to take them a day's journey on their way. Elder

Kimball left his wife shaking on the bed with ague, and all his children sick.

With the aid of some of the brethren they climbed into the wagon.

"It seemed to me,"says Elder Kimball, "as though my very inmost parts would melt within me at the thought of leaving my family in such a condition—almost in the arms of death.

I felt as though I could scarcely endure it.""Hold up,"said he to the teamster, "Brother Brigham, this is pretty tough, but let us rise and give them a cheer."Brigham with much difficulty rose to his feet, and joined Elder Kimball in swinging his hat and shouting:

"Llurrah, hurrah, hurrah for Israel!"They then continued on their journey.

In traveling through the Eastern States

Presidents Young and Kimball parted company, and George A. Smith was the former's companion, the latter part of the journey; and together they reached

New Haven.

"We started from New Haven in a steamboat,"says President Young; "and when we left the boat, I hired passage in the stage to New York;

the captain of the steamboat, happened to be in the same stage."It appears, however, that the brethren had no money with which to pay this last five miles of the journey, so that the seats in the stage- coach had been engaged, on the strength of their faith.

"When we left the coach,"continues President Young, "I said to the captain, 'will you have the kindness to pay this gentleman's passage [referring to George A.], and mine?'I had had no conversation with him during the day, only in interchanging the common and usual compliments;

but when we left him, he greeted us cordially, and said that he had paid our stage-fare with the greatest pleasure, and shook our hands as heartily as a brother;

saying, 'may God bless and prosper you in your labors.'"

On the 19th of March, 1840, in company with Heber C. Kimball, George A. Smith,

P.P. Pratt, Orson Pratt and Reuben Hedlock, he sailed for England on board the

Patrick Henry.

This company of missionaries reached Liverpool on the 6th of

April, the anniversary of the organization of the Church, ten years before.

Of his journey to and labors in that land we quote President Young's own account:

"When I left my family to start for England, I was not able to walk one mile, I was not able to lift a small trunk, which I took with me, into the wagon.

I left my wife and six children without a second suit to their backs, for we had left all our property in possession of the mob.

Everyone of my family was sick, and my youngest child was ten days old.

Joseph said, 'If you will go, I promise you tha;: your family shall live, and you shall know that the voice of God is calling you to go and preach the Gospel of life and salvation to a perishing world.'He said all he could say to comfort and encourage the brethren.

This was our situation, and I say, with regard to the remainder of the Twelve, they had all been driven like myself, and we were a band of brethren about equal.

My family lived.

When I left them they had not provision to last them ten days, and not one soul of them able to go to the well for a pail of water.

I had lain for weeks, myself, in the house, watching from day to day for some person to pass the door, whom I could get to bring us in a pail of water.

In this condition I left my family, and went to preach the

Gospel.

"As for being cast down, or at all discouraged, or even such thoughts entering in my heart as, 'I will provide for my family and let the world perish,'these feelings and thoughts never'once occurred to me;

if I had known that every one of them would have been in the grave when I returned, it would not have diverted me from my mission one hour.

When I was ready to start, I went and left my family in the hands of the Lord, and with the brethren.

MISSIONAR^i LABORS.

"I returned again in two years, and found that I had spent hundreds of dollars, which I had accumulated on my mission, to help the brethren to emigrate to Nauvoo, and had but one sovereign left.

I said, 'I will buy a barrel of flour with that, and sit down and eat it with my wife and children;'and I determined I would not ask anj^body for work until I had eaten it all up.

Brother Joseph asked me how I intended to live.

I said, 'I will go to work and get a living.'I tarried in Nauvoo from the year 1841 to 1846, the year we left.

In that time I had accumulated much property, for the Lord multiplied everything in my hands, and blessed all my undertakings.

But I never ceased to preach and travel every season, both in the winter and in the summer.

I was at home occasionally and the Lord fed and clothed me.

It has never entered into my heart, from the first day I was called to preach the Gospel to this day, when the Lord said, 'Go and leave your family,'to offer the least objection."

On another occasion, in a discourse, he gave the following account of his labors in England:

"In company with several ofthe Twelve

I was sent to England in 1839.

When we reached England we designed to start a paper, but we had not the first penny to do it with.

I had enough to buy a hat and pay my passage to Preston, for from the time I had left home I had worn an old cap which my wife made out of a pair of old pantaloons; but the most of us were entirely destitute of means to buy even any necessary article.

"We went to Preston and held our conference, and decided that we would publish a paper; brother Parley P.

Pratt craved the privilege of editing it, and we granted him the privilege.

We also decided to print three thousand hymn books, though we had not the first cent to begin with, and were strangers in a strange land.

We appointed brother Woodruff to Herefordshire, and I accompanied him on his journey to that place.

I wrote to brother Pratt for information about his plans, and he sent me his prospectus, which stated that when he had enough subscribers and money enough in hand to justify his publishing the paper, he would proceed with it.

How long he might have waited for that

I know not, but I wrote to him to publish two thousand papers, and I would foot the bill.

I borrowed two hundred and fifty pounds (|i, 250) of sister Jane Benbow, one hundred of brother Thomas Kington, and returned to Manchester, where we printed three thousand hymn books, five thousand Books of Mormon, and issued two thousand Millennial Slars monthly, and in the course of the summer printed and gave away rising of sixty thousand tracts.

I also paid from five to ten dollars a week for our board, and hired a house for brother Willard Richards and his wife, who came to Manchester, and sustained them; and gave sixty pounds to brother P. P.

Pratt to bring his wife to New York.

I also commenced the emigration that year.

I was one year and sixteen days with my brethren, the Twelve, and during that time I bought all my clothing, except one pair of pantaloons, which the sisters gave me in Liverpool soon after I arrived there, and which I really needed.

I paid three hundred and eighty dollars to get the work started in

London, and when I arrived home in Nauvoo, I owed no person one farthing.

Brother Kington received his pay from the books that were printed, and sister

Benbow, who started to America, the same year, left names enough of her friends to receive the two hundred and fifty pounds, which amount was paid them, notwithstanding I held her agreement that she had given it to the church.

"We left two thousand five hundred dollars worth of books in the office, paid our passage home, and paid about six hundred dollars to emigrate the poor who were starving to death, besides giving away the sixty thousand tracts;

and that, too, though I had not a sixpence when we first landed in Preston, and I do not know that one of the Twelve had."President Young, in company with Heber C, Kimball and John Taylor re-

MISSIONARY LABORS.

turned to Nauvoo the istof July, 1841, and were welcomed home by the Prophet.

A few days after his return, on the 9th of July, the Prophet Joseph received the following revelation concerning President Young:

"Verily thus saith the Lord unto you my servant Brigham:

it is no more required at your hand to leave your family as in the past, for your offering is acceptable to me;

I have seen your labor and toil in journeyings for my name.

I therefore command you to send my word abroad, and take special care of your family from this time hence forth and forever."Notwithstanding this revelation, in a few years, the Prophet Joseph sent President Young on another mission to the

Eastern States, on which he was absent from Nauvoo, when the Prophet was martyred.

He returned to Nauvoo, and became the President of the Church, and remained with it until the time of his death.

While President Young was extremely active and zealous as a missionary, as will be seen by the foregoing, he was not at all disposed to seal up everybody to eternal damnation, who did not receive him and his testimony, as will be seen from the following incident, which he relates:

"I recollect, in England, sending an Elder to Bristol, to open a door there, and see if anybody would believe.

He had a little more than thirty miles to walk;

he started off one morning, and arrived at Bristol; he preached the Gospel to them, and sealed them all up to damnation, and was back next morning.

He was just as good a man, too, as we had.

It was the want of knowledge made him do so.

I go and preach to the people and tell them at the end of every sermon, 'he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; and he that believeth not, shall be damned.'I continue preaching there day after day, week after week, month after month, and yet nobody believes my testimony, that I know of, and I don't see any signs of it.

'What shall I do in this case, if I am sent to preach there?'you may enquire.

I must continue to preach there, until those who sent me shall tell me to leave that field of labor and if the people don't manifest by their works, that they believe, as long as they come to hear me, I will continue to plead with them, until they bend their dispositions to the Gospel.

I must be patient with them, as God is patient with me; as the Lord is merciful to me, I will be merciful to others."Speaking further of his missionary labors he says:

"For me to go and preach without purse or scrip, was never hard;

I never saw the day, I never was in the place, nor went into a house, when I was alone, or when I would take the lead and do the talking, but that I could get all I wanted.

Though I have been with those who would take the lead and be mouth, and have been turned out of doors a great many times, and could not get a night's lodging.

But when I was mouth I never was turned out of doors;

I could make the acquaintance of the family and sit down and sing to them, and chat with them and they would feel friendly towards me; and when they learned I was a Mormon Elder, it was after I had gained their good feelings."On other occasions he made the following remarks in relation to missionaries and missionary labor:

"Those who go out to preach the Gospel and at the same time say, 'My poor wife and my poor children;'and, 'I shall be glad when my mission is out,'seldom do much good.""When an Elder goes out to preach he ought not to let his mind be filled with care for his family, only when he is praying about them; and if they have lived by faith, all right; and if they have died during his absence, all right; they are the Lord's; and say—'He gave them to me, it is all right; at the same time I would like to have them, but blessed be the name of the Lord.""An Elder has possessions great or small, much or little, and instead of carrying those possessions in his feelings, he ought to leave them and say that they are the Lord's, and say:

'I give my

SEA BATHING AT JAFFA.

spirit and body and what is committed into my hands;

I am only a steward over it;

I yield its care to Him, since He sends me from my home so that I cannot directly look after it.'That man can go as free as the air, and will feel that he has in his possession the spirit of the Lord, which should be considered of paramount importance."A good motto: Never trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.

SEA BATHING AT JAFFA.

Following, from the modern sea-port town of Port Said at the opening of the

Suez Canal, the western coast of Palestine on the Mediterranean Sea, about one hundred and seventy-five miles, we arrive at the old Phoenician town of Jaffa, in the land of the Phillistines.

As the steamer nears land from the open sea the blue range of hills in the distance (the mountains of Judah) and the yellow beach in dim outline first secure the attention of the traveler.

Not long after, the first glimpse is taken of that most interesting of countries, the Holy Land, there is sighted from the steamer the elevated and castle-like town of Jaffa, projected into the sea and located on a rocky mound.

The flying flags of foreign nations welcome the stranger to the shores with assurance of protection beneath their national emblem. This seaport has no harbor for large ships, which must anchor out half a mile from the shore, and entrust crew and cargo to the smaller boats of the natives.

During the winter season the storms are frequently so violent that the steamers are obliged to pass on to the next port and trust to the return voyage for calm weather.

The wild and motley crew of Arabs are perfectly reckless in their efforts to secure patronage and in landing passengers.

JaflTa is the only important sea-port of Palestine, and its favorable situation for reaching Jerusalem makes it the most suitable landing for pilgrims, upon whose extensive patronage it chiefly depends.

The orange and lemon groves and recently planted vineyards contribute next in wealth to the commerce of the place.

In the months of March, April and May considerable life is exhibited, but the busy lium of the city dies away as the hot months of June and July approach.

The swell of native energy sinks down into oriental lethargy.

Wild and colored stories of life, during the season of excitement, in turn occupy the natives'minds; and the deception which they practiced upon their too confiding victims becomes the topic of jest among the little squads of men in front of the caf^s, around the fountains, or on the beach of the sea in the evening.

Jerusalem's harvest is over.

Landlords, business men, artisans and companies of devotees at the shrines of dead prophets often resort to the sea to enjoy the invigorating sea breeze and indulge in the luxury of a bath, which so much renews energy in the excessively oppressive climate of Palestine during the summer months.

The sea beach extending north of the city oflTers few conveniences, and yet is preferable to any other location near Jaffa.

It is the only bathing resort in Judea, and can be afforded by the native and European alike, by the poor as well as the rich.

The more refined sentiment is in favor of bath-houses; but the vagabond

Arabs refuse to accept the prevalence of such luxury or distinction.

When attempts have been made to provide them they have been wantonly torn down and pitched into the sea.

As in all other conditions of oriental life, the race and religious classifications are strictly adhered to, and groups of Jews,

Fellahs, Greeks, Italians, Turks, Arabs and Germans, by tacit understanding, select their respective places along the shore and plant themselves down in the loose sand, shoe-top deep, in order to don their scanty bathing suits.

It frequently happens that respectable distances are

SEA BATHING AT JAFFA.

not taken; but eastern habits of exposure do not always conform to western conceptions of modesty.

The Jews more than any other nationality appear to find recreation in the sea a most pleasing pastime.

They gather in groups near the walls of the harbor, where they tumble and roll in the shallow waters for hours.

It seldom happens that the sea is perfectly calm, and the large breakers, about fifty yards from the shore, usually determine the bathers'limit.

To approach the rolling waves and allow one's self to be carried violently forward or buried in the foam, as they break abruptly upon one, is a favorite indulgence.

It is a fatiguing process, and the likelihood of one occasionally plowing his nose in the sandy bottom creates mingled feelings of dread with the sensation of pleasure.

To be thus knocked about for a short time may do;

but I fancied to plunge through the successive breakers, and make my way beyond into the open sea where the large waves swell continuously, and rise and fall in their vibratory movements, would add a -charm to the delight.

The task is somewhat difficult and the danger of strangling, in an unsuccessful attempt to dive beneath the breakers, considerably diminished the pleasurable anticipations of bathing beyond.

Having reached the large swells a couple of hundred yards out in the sea I began to wonder why others did not follow and enjoy also a ride on the gently heaving billows of the ocean, in preference to the turbulent breakers near the shore.

Thus floating about on the briny waters, watching the daily orb as he sank in the distant depths of the Mediterranean, a huge ball of fire, fanciful thoughts of home and friends and the scenes of a hundred happy events, from my childhood to journeys in distant lands, passed over me in panoramic vision, as I lay with my face turned to the blue vaulted arch of heaven.

I wondered, too, when I, like the sun, would take my course westward and behold again my native land.

I remembered how often threatening dangers had been averted and pondered over the prophetic promise of a safe return.

The pictures of home were so vivid that it seemed as if I had just parted from a host of warm and sympathetic friends; again I thought of distant lands wherein I roamed, and of a long journey into the interior of Asia I was at the time contemplating; how long it must be before my feet would again tread the pathway along which scenes of my childhood had made a lasting and cherished impression!

After a brief indulgence of such sentimentality I turned my face toward the shore, and observed, as I made my way back, that an Arab boy had ventured a short distance beyond the usual limit.

As I neared him he began to plunge forward,

I imagined to banter me for a race.

We swam hurriedly together, I in good cheer, and he apparently very excited.

A huge breaker caught us together and we rolled with rapid speed headlong into the shallow waters.

Along the shore a large crowd had arranged themselves, manifesting deep concern about us.

It was our racing that had perhaps produced this excitement, I imagined, and walked leisurely to the shore.

On inquiring, however, a German near by, in answer to my wonderment, impetuously exclaimed: "/w Gottes Natnen, ei?i Haifish!'^ "In the name of God a shark."I looked, and between the place where I had been bathing and the shore, and near the course I had taken, the outlines of a large fish were visible.

In a few minutes he disappeared.

I had never seen a shark and could not at the time fully realize a situation so fraught with danger; but the horrors of an imaginary one, so dreadful, frequently disturbed the serenity of my mind for months after.

I was determined to learn the probability of the presence, in that part of the ocean, of a sea monster so terrible.

The natives, it was true, had always pointed to this place as the scene of Jonah's episode.

"In the Mediterranean sea,"says Deems, there is found to this day a shark, the squalus carcharias, called also lamia, sometimes as long as sixty feet.

Lange says that Hlibner relates the instance of a sailor

A NE]V WITNESS FOR GOD.

who was swallowed by a shark and yet lived."However true such might have been, it would have afforded me but little consolation.

On the stormy shores of the Mediterranean at this place, the beautiful Andromeda, daughter of the king of Ethiopia, had once been chained to a rock.

Her sacrifice was to reclaim her country, which had been visited by an inundation that threatened devastation everywhere; and the gods not content with this sent an awful sea-monster who devoured everything that came before him. The unfortunate people of afflicted

Ethiopia in consternation appealed to the oracle of Jupiter-Ammon in the Libyan desert, and received the response that relief would come when the king offered up his daughter to the monster.

At first his paternal affections prevailed;

but to save his country and submit to the will of the gods he consented, and the charming Andromeda was bound to the rock where now a part of Jaffa stands.

The great Greek hero, Perseus, the son of Deus, under divine favor appeared upon the scene.

In his wallet he carried the hideous head of Medusa whose locks had been turned into snakes, and the repulsive form of whose head changed all that looked upon it into stone.

He inquired the meaning of Andromeda's situation, so full of pathos, and after listening to the sad story he proposed to release her on condition that she should become his wife.

The king, overjoyed, consented.

Perseus ascended into the air and awaited the approach of the monster.

Soon the waters opened and the shark's head of the gigantic beast raised itself above the waves.

Lashing the waters furiously with his tail he sprang forward to sieze the maiden.

Just at this moment Perseus suddenly drew the head of Medusa from his wallet and held it in front of his shield before the eyes of the monster, whereupon the beast was metamorphosed into a huge rock, against whose stony front the wild waves lash themselves until this day.

The hero carried away his prize.

Such I knew was the tradition of Jonah, and such the myth of the fair Andromeda; but what.the moderns had to say of sea monsters hereabouts I had never heard.

The natives could tell of the sudden disappearance of some bather, and swear by their fathers'camels, by their departed ancestors, and by their most holy prophet Mohammed, ("peace be upon him,") that the narratives were all true.

A friend, however, in the hospital of a Russian Baron related the'circumstance of an unfortunate Arab, whose entire -leg had been bitten off while bathing in the sea.

He was brought to the hospital where he died.

Austrian sailors have since related to me their experience in shark fishing, while the steamers lay at anchor before the city.

Strangers are frequently warned not to venture beyond the breakers.

They are considered the limit of safety.

The delightful pastime of sea bathing at Jaffa, I never afterwards fully enjoyed.

Jos. M.

Tanner, A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

"And if thou say in thine heart, How shall we know the word which the Lord hath not spoken?

When a prophet speaketh in the name of the Lord, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou s-halt not be afraid of him."—Deuteronomy, xviii, 2i, 22.

"But on the other hand, if the thing which the prophet speaks in the name of the Lord, is fulfilled as time brings it due, 'the plain, just inference from the above Scripture is that the Lord spake through the prophet—the word is of God."To go further into the consideration of the internal evidences of the divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon, than merely consistency of detail with the general plan of the work will carry us, I here call the attention of the reader

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

to a number of prophecies in the Book of Mormon, which either have been fulfilled, or are in course of fulfilment.

And such is the character of these prophecies that the reader, I think, will be constrained to admit that something more than human wisdom or foresight enter into their composition.

I first call attention to the prophecies relating to the special witnesses to the

Book of Mormon:

"Wherefore, at that day when the book* shall be delivered unto the manf of whom I have spoken, the book shall be hid from the eyes of the world, that the eyes of none shall behold it save it be that three witnesses shall behold it by the power of God, besides him to whom the book shall be delivered; and they shall testify to the truth of the book and the things therein.

And there is none other which shall view it,save it be a few, according to the will of God to bear testimony of his word to the children fo men:

For the Lord God hath said. That the words of the faithful should speak as if it were from the dead."II Nephi, xxvii, 12, ij.

Moroni, in the fifth chapter of the Book of Ether, makes the same prediction; that is, that his father's collection of plates which he concealed in Cumorah would be shown to three special witnesses by the power of God, and to a few others who should assist in bringing forth the work.

That this prophecy has been fulfilled is evident from the testimonies of the three special witnesses and the eight witnesses, published in connection with every copy of the Book of Mormon, the credibility- and peculiar force of which we discussed at some length in chapter vii, to which I refer my readers for proof of the fulfilment of the prophecy now under consideration.

It might be aji easy matter for an impostor to predict that three special witnesses should behold the plates from which he averred he was translating a divine record;

but it is beyond the power of an impostor to cause an angel from heaven to come before those witnesses in the broad light of day, and while the glory of God shone around, * Book of Mormon.

See the whole chapter quoted.

t Joseph Smith.

exhibit those plates and the Urim and Thummim to them;

allowing the witnesses to examine the characters engraven on the plates; or to cause the voice of God to break through the stillness and declare the work was true, and command them to bear witness to the world of that fact—this, I say, is altogether too much for the power of an impostor—be he ever so artful—to accomplish.

Nor is there any possibility of them being mistaken in what they say they heard and saw—their testimony cannot be resolved into delusion or mistake.

And to that testimony, as we have already stated, they remained true throughout their lives, as well when out of the Church as when in it.

There it stands, their testimony, unimpeached and unimpeachable; and the fulfilment of that prophecy which foretold that such witnesses would stknd for God, and the Book of Mormon, is an evidence of no mean order that the book containing it is divinely inspired—is what it claims to be.

Speaking of the time when God would proceed to do a marvelous work and a wonder in the earth by bringing forth the record of the Nephites, the Lord is represented as having said:

"And because my words shall hiss forth, many of the Gentiles shall say, A Bible! A Bible'.

We have got a Bible, and there cannot be any more B\\Ae."^/I Nephi, xxix,j.

It is well known that the great objection urged against the Book of Mormon, has been that it is a new revelation from

God. The Gentiles have made the whole earth ring again with the cry, "We have got a Bible, and there cannot be any more Bible, nor any other revelation than that which is contained in it."The absurdity of this doctrine, together with its being not only un-scriptural, but also anti-scriptural, and also contrary to the mercy and justice of God, have already been shown, and consequently we need not stop to consider those phases of the question here.

All I wish to call attention to is the fact that the manner in which the Book of Mormon would be received, was predicted before ever it was published to the world, and

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

that it has been received in just the manner described—largely rejected because it purports to be a new revelation.

Again, in speaking of the time when the Book of Mormon would be revealed, the first Nephi, living in the sixth century

B. C, is represented as saying:

"The Lord God will proceed to bring forth the words of the book.

But behold, it shall come to pass that the Lord God shall say unto him to whom he shall deliver the book, Take these words which are not sealed and deliver them to another, that he may show them to the learned, saying. Read this, I pray thee.

And the learned shall say, Bring hither the book and I will read them: and now because of the glory of the world, and to get gain will they say this, and not for the glory of God.

And the man shall say, I cannot bring the book, for it is sealed.

Then shall the learned say, I cannot read it.

Wherefore it shall come to pass, that.the Lord God will deliver again the book and the words thereof to him that is not learned, and the man that is not learned shall say, I am not learned.

Then shall the Lord God say unto him, The learned shall not read them, for they have rejected them, and I am able to do mine own work; wherefore thou shalt read the words which I shall give unto thee."II Nephi, xxvii, 14—20.

That this remarkable prophecy has been fulfilled is proven by the following circumstances:

Between December 1827 and February 1828, Joseph Smith copied a number of the characters from the plates with their translation, and in the said month of February, delivered them to Martin Harris, who started with them to the city of New York.

For what took place there, I give Martin Harris'own account:

"I went to the city of New York, and presented the characters which had been translated, with the translation thereof, to Professor Anthon, a gentleman, celebrated for his literary attainments.

Professor Anthon stated that the translation was correct, more so than any he had before seen translated from the Egyptian.

I then showed him those which were not yet translated, and he said that they were Egyptian,

Chaldaic, Assyriac, and Arabic, and he said that they were the true characters.

He gave me a certificate, certifying to the people of Palmyra, that they were true characters, and that the translation of such of them as had been translated was also correct.

I took the certificate and put it into my pocket, and was just leaving the house, when Mr. Anthon called me back, and asked me how the young man found out that there were gold plates in the place where he found them.

I answered that an angel of God had revealed it unto him.

He then said unto me, Let me see that certificate.

I accordingly took it out of my pocket and gave it to him, when he took it and tore it to pieces, saying that there was no such thing now as mmistering of angels, and that if 1 would bring the plates to him, he would translate them.

I informed him that part of the plates were sealed, and that

I was forbidden to bring them; he replied, "I cannot read a sealed book."left him and went to Dr. Mitchell, who sanctioned what Professor

Anthon had said respecting both the characters and the translation."

Pearl of Great Price.

We have also the testimony of Professor Anthon, himself, that Martin Harris called upon him with such characters in his possession.

He says:

"Many years ago, the precise date I do not recollect, a plain-looking countryman called upon me with a letter from Dr.

Samuel L.

Mitchell, requesting me to examine and give my opinion upon a certain paper, marked with various characters, which the doctor confessed he could not decipher, and which the bearer of the note was very anxious to have explained. A very brief examination convinced me that it was a mere hoax, and a very clumsy one, too.

The characters were arranged in columns, like the Chinese mode of writing, and presented the most singular medley that I ever beheld.

Greek, Hebrew, and all sorts of letters, more or less distorted, either through unskillfulness or from actual design, were intermingled with sundry delineations of half moons, stars and other natural objects, and the whole ended in a rude representation of the Mexican Zodiac."The Church Record, Vol.

J, No. 22.

The silence of Professor Anthon respecting the certificate he gave to Martin

Harris and then afterwards destroyed, together with his reference to the characters presented to him as a "hoax,"is easily accounted for from the fact that he became an avowed enemy to the Book of Mormon.

But a perusal of the following taken from the "Divine Authenticity of the Book of Mormon,"by Orson Pratt, footnote, pp. 296-7, will convince the reader that Professor Anthon unwittingly placed upon record a very strong proof

A NEW Wn NESS FOR GOP.

that the characters presented to him by Martin Harris were genuine characters, such as were employed by the ancient

Mexicans in their writings, and thus one who sought to destroy the work of God has been made to give a strong testimony in its favor:

Professor Anthon no doubt thought that this st;ilement would inihtate against the Book of Mormon; but we consider it a great acquisition of evidence, confirmatory of the truth of that book when compared with the discoveries ol the glyphs and characters among the ancient ruins of America.

The celebrated antiquarian, Professor Rafinesque, in speaking of the glyphs discovered on the ruins of a stone city in Mexico, says: "The glyphs of Otolum are written from top to bottom, like the Cliinese, or from side to side, indifferently, like the Egyptian, and the Domotic Libyan.

Although the most common way of writing the groups is in rows, and each group separated, yet we find some formed, as it were, in oblong squares or tablets, like those of

Egypt."Atlaniic Journal for 1832, by Professor Rafinesque.

Two years after the Book of Mormon appeared in print.

Professor Rafinesque, in his Atlantic Journal ioT 1832, gave the public a fac-simile of

American glyphs, found in Mexico.

They are arranged m columns being forty-six in number.

These the learned professor denominates "the elements of the glyphs of Otolum,"and he supposes that by the combination of these elements, words and sentences were formed, constituting the written language of the ancient nations of this vast continent.

By an inspection of the fac-siinile of these forty-si.\ elementary glyphs, we find all the particulars which Professor

Anthon ascribes to the characters, which he says "a plain-looking countryman"presented to him.

The "Greek, Hebrew, and all sorts of letters,"inverted and in different positions, "with sundry delineations of half-moons,"planets, suns, "and other natural objects,"are found among these forty-six elements.

This "plain-looking countryman,"according to Professor Anthon's testimony, got some three or four years the start of Professor Rafinesque, and presented him with the genuine elementary glyphs years before the

Atlantic Journal made them public; and what is still more remarkable, "the characters,"Professor Anthon says, "were arranged in columns, like the Chinese mode of writing,"which exactly corresponds with what Professor Rafinesque testifies, as just quoted, in relation to the glyphs of Otolum.

We see nothing in Professor Anthon's statement that proves the characters presented to hmi to be a "hoax,"as he terms it;

unless, indeed, he considers their exact resemblance tn the glyphs of Otolum, and their being arranged in the right kind of columns, is a "hoax."But as Joseph Smith was an unlearned young man living in the country, where h*'had not access to the writings and discoveries of antiquarians, he would be entirely incapable of forging the true and genuine glyphs of ancient.\merica;

therefore we consider this testimony of Professor Anthon, coming as it does from an avowed enemy of the Book of Mormon to be a great collateral evidence in its favor.

I quote another prophetic passage from the Book of Mormon:

"And now, I would prophesy s->mewtiat more concerning the Jews and the Gentiles.

For after the book of which I have spoken shall come forth, and be written unto the

Gentiles, and sealed up again unto the Lord, there shall be many which shall believe the words which are written; and they shall carry them forth unto the remnant of our seed.

And then shall the remnant of our seed know concerning us, how that we came out from Jerusalem, and that they are descendants of the Jews.

And the gospel of Jesus Christ shall be'declared among them;

wherefore, they shall be restored unto the knowledge of their fathers, and also to the knowledge of Jesus Christ, which was had among their fathers.

And then shall they rejoice;

for they shall know that it is a blessing unto them from the hand of God;

and the scales of darkness shall begin to fall from their eyes: and many generations shall not pass away among them, save they shall be a white and delightsome people.

And it shall come to pass that the Jews which are scattered, also shall begin to believe in Christ; and they shall begin to gather in upon the fjice of the land;

and as many as shall believe in Christ, shall also become a delightsome people.

And it shall come to pass that the Lord God shall commence his work, among all nations, kindreds, tongues and people, to bring about the restoration of his people upon the earth.

And with righteousness shall the Lord God judge the poor, and reprove with equity, for the meek of the earth.

And he shall smite the earth with the rod of his mouth;

and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked;

for the time speedily cometh, that the

Lord God shall cause a great division among the people; and the wicked will he destroy: and he will spare his people, yea, even if it so be that he must destroy the wicked by fire."(II Nephi, XXX, 3—10.) It will be observed that this quotation

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

contains several prophecies, some of which have been fulfilled, others are in course of fulfilment, and still others that have not been fulfilled because the wheels of time have not yet brought their fulfilment due.

The first item we call attention to in the foregoing quotation is the statement that many shall believe the words of the book—having reference, of course, to the Book of Mormon.

To prove that this prophecy has been fulfilled, we have but to call attention to the present membership of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latter-day Saints, numbering two hundred thousand, all of whom are believers in the Book of Mormon.

To them must be added the thousands who have died in the faith; those who have been expelled from the Church because of transgression—numbering not less than half the present membership of the Church—but who still retained their faith in the Book of Mormon;

and, to them, the tens of thousands who have been convinced of the truth of the book, but who, through fear of the world, have not had the moral courage to act in accordance with their convictions, and have never joined the

Church.

Let it be remembered, too, that these people have received that book in spite of the force of the traditions which prejudiced them against new revelation.

And let it be further borne in mind that the experience of Joseph Smith, arising from the manner in which his first declarations of having received a heavenly vision, would by no means lead him to expect that there would be "many,"who would receive that which he maintained was a new revelation from God.

His experience would lead him to expect the reverse of all this.

The prophecy, however, has been marvelously fulfilled.

The passage under consideration also says that those who received the book among the gentiles should carry it to the remnants of the seed of Levi, that through it they should learn of their origin, the Gospel of Christ should be declared among them; they should rejoice in it, acknowledge it as a blessing from the Lord, the scales of darkness should begin to fall from their eyes, "and not many generations should pass away among them, save they shall be a white and delightsome people."This last clause of the prophecy has not yet been fulfilled, being one of those items the fulfilment of which is not due. The dark skin was brought upon the ancestors of these

Lamanites be^ ause of their transgression;

it was a curse upon them (see II Nephi, V, 21-25); but in the mercies of God it will in a few generations be removed.

It is well known that the Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ in the early days of the Church began their labors among the American Indians; that they took the

Book ot Mormon to them, the record of their forefathers, and taught them the Gospel.

In this work they have been hindered not a little by the agents of the

Government and sectarian priests stationed at the Indian agencies, who have followed the mistaken policy of preventing, to the extent of their power, the labors of the Elders among them.

But notwithstanding that opposition, some thousands of them have received the truth as contained in the record of their forefathers, and rejoice in it.

Especially of late years the work among the Indian races has been prosperous.

Another item in this prophetic passage is to the effect that the Jews who are scattered shall also begin to believe in Christ, and shall also "begin to gather in upon the face of the land, and as many as shall believe in Christ shall also become a delightsome people."Although I cannot point to any great number among the Jews who have yet received the Book of Mormon, still I may say that "coming events are casting their shadows before,"and the work is moving in their direction.

It is repeatedly stated in the Book of Mormon, and the revelations of the Lord to Joseph Smith, that that book is to go first to the gentiles and then to the Jews; and, as I say, the work is moving in their direction.

Not long since, the attention of the Jewish Rabbi, Dr.

Isaac^feon, late of Germany, was called to the claims of what the world calls "Mormonism."He investigated the subject thoroughly, and at last accepted it as the true religion of

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

Jesus Christ—as who will not under such circumstances; for we may say, as Turtullian, one of the early Christian fathers, is reported to have said:

"Who ever investigated our religion who did not embrace it?"Dr.

Isaacson has not only become converted himself, but seems to have a strong desire that his Jewish brethren should also become converted, and to that end is now engaged in translating the Book of Mormon into the Hebrew-Jewish language the language known most extensively among the Jews, being spoken in Germany, Austria, Russia, Servia and Roumania.

And thus the way is being prepared to introduce this new witness of God and Christ to the Jews.

Furthermore, it seems to me that those who are watching the events occurring among the nations—who witness the feverish anxiety among all classes of society;

the undefined dread of expected revolutions; the active preparations for war among all nations, while all the time the cry is "Peace, peace;"the restlessness of the lower strata of society; the complications constantly arising between capital and labor; the increase of secret organizations pledged to the destruction of governments and the overthrow of civilization—all this must be convincing that a climax is reached, a crisis is at hand.

In my judgment that crisis is the outpouring of God's wrath upon the nations of the earth for their wickedness;

His judgments that shall cleanse the earth of unrighteousness, as foretold by the prophets, to be succeeded by a reign of peace and liberty.

And the anxiety and restlessness above alluded to are but premonitory shudderings warning the nations of what is coming upon them—some of the surface indications that the work of the Lord is commencing among all nations to "bring about the restoration of His people upon the earth."I am not prepared just here to conclude my remarks upon this class of evidence—prophetic—in support of the claims of the Book of Mormon;

but I cannot help stopping just long enough to ask the reader to consider how minutely these items of prophecy have been fulfilled; and from the vantage ground which that consideration gives me,

I ask him to believe that the other items in this connection which still remam unfulfilled will all come to pass as time shall bring them due.

The first Nephi, speaking of the time when the record of his people, the Book of Mormon, should come to the knowledge of the world, predicts that it should be at a time when many churches should be built up, but not unto the Lord, and they would be saying, "Behold I, I am the Lord's; and others shall say I, I am the Lord's;"and their priests would contend, and teach by the power of learning and deny the Holy Ghost, and deny miracles, claiming that God had finished His work.

Many others would say, eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we die; and still others would claim that men would be justified in committing a little wrong:

"Yea, and there shall be many which shall teach after this manner false and vain and foolish doctrine, and shall be puffed up in their hearts, and shall seek deep to hide their counsels from the Lord; and their works shall be in the dark; and the blood of the saints shall cry out against them."(II Nephi, x.xvii.) The Prophet Mormon also prophesied of these things, saying:

"And behold their prayers (prayers of the ancient Nephites) were also in behalf of him that the Lord should suffer to bring these things (record of the Nephites) forth.

And no one need say, they shall not come, for they surely shall, for the Lord hath spoken it;

for out of the earth shall they come, by the hand of the Lord, and none can st ly it; and it shall come in a day when it shall be said that miracles are done away; and it shall come even as if one should speak from the dead.

And it shall come in a day when the blood of the saints shall cry unto the Lord, because of secret combinations and the works of darkness.

Yea, it shall come to pass in a day when the power of God shall be denied, and churches become defiled, and shall be lifted up in the pride of their hearts; yea, even in a day when the leaders of churches, and teachers, m the pride of their hearts, even to the envying of them who belong to their churches;

yea, it shall come in a day when there shall be heard of fires, and tempests, and vapors of smoke in foreign Innds; and there shall also be

THE BARBER'S ART.

heard of wars, rumors of wars, and earthquakes in divers places; yea, it shall come in a day when there shall be great pollutions upon the face of the earth;

there shall be murders, and robbing, and lying, and deceivings, and whoredoms, and all manner of abominations; when there shall be many who will say, do this, or do that, and it mattereth not, for the Lord will uphold such at the last day.

But wo unto such, for they are in the gall of bitterness, and in the bonds of iniquity."(Book of Mormon, viii, 25-31.)

I need not trouble you by pointing out that the Book of Mormon did come forth in a day when the Church of Christendom was just in such a condition as described by Nephi and Mormon; those who have listened to the Babel of confusion existing in the religious world know how vivid is the description of these ancient prophets.

Nor need I stop to consider the fact that the Book of Mormon has come forth in a day noted for wars and rumors of wars, for tempests, cyclones, and earthquakes.

Neither is it necessary to call attention to how these things are increasing; the fact is patent to all.

The part I more especially call attention to is that which indicates that persecution is to follow the coming forth of the Book of Mormon, falling upon those who should receive it—the Saints of God their blood is to cry from the ground unto God for vengeance.

Now let it be remembered that the said book was brought forth in the nineteenth century—in an age when it is boastingly claimed that the intolerance and bigotry of past ages have been left in the dim distance, together with the horrors of the inquisition and other acts of violence that disgraced the race. Moreover, it came forth in the United States—the boasted asylum of the oppressed out of all nations where in the most jpositive terms religious freedom is guaranteed in the fundamental law of the land—the Constitution;

and the most unlikely thing to happen in that land, one would think, would be persecution for conscience sake; and he would be considered a bold prophet who would predict the shedding of blood in this age, and in that land, for the sake of religion.

Yet, what are the facts?

Why, that in the State of Missouri alone four hundred* laid down their lives for the religion of Jesus Christ—as contained in the Book of Mormon.

Dying through the cruelties, either directly or indirectly, of mob-violence, and many of them were murdered outright. The blood of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, which made crimson the soil of Illinois, together with the blood of a number of others that were killed a short time afterwards in the same

State, and also the blood of Elder Joseph

Standing, killed in Georgia, Elders John

H.Gibbs,Wm. Berry, and the two Condor brothers killed in Tennessee as late as the year 1884, for the truth's sake, bears witness that this prophecy in the sacred pages of the record of the Nephites has only been too truly fulfilled.

B. H.

Roberts.

* This is the estimate of P.

P.

Pratt;

see his Autobiography.

THE BARBER'S ART.* How seldom we compare the personal privileges and bodily comforts enjoyed by us in this generation, with those of our ancestors, who lived in the early part of the present century;

not to say anything of those who moved in more primitive times.

Perhaps in nothing is this more fully exemplified than in the luxury of barbering.

Territorial Fair Prize Essay, receiving special premium from Messrs.

Goddard James, proprietors of the Temple barber shop.

The gentleman who sits in an elegant tonsorial saloon of the present period, and lounging in an easy "lay-back"chair, before a French plate mirror, muses upon his business affairs, while the soft fingers of the modern manipulator pass agreeably over his well-moistened visage, and a sharp, hollow-ground razor, musically removes the stubble growth from his cheek and chin, has perhaps no conception of the humble origm and painful history of the art of

THE BARBER'S ART.

barbering; which, in its present perfection—especially in America—fills such a public want in our advanced civilization.

This, of course, has no reference to a penny shave in an English back street during which, the old fashioned razor makes but five strokes, two on each cheek and one on the chin—but we mean a regular fifteen-cent shave, in a first-class establishment—like the Temple Barber Shop.

In very ancient times, beards were allowed to grow untouched by the razor, and what shaving was done was performed upon the head;

and the operation, or, rather the abstaining from its performance, seems to have involved some religious significance;

as in the case of what was called the Nazarite vow.

The shaving of the head, while it was evidently the origin of the art of barbering, seems to have been deemed improper, at least for those holy people who made this peculiar covenant.

Unlike the men of the present day, the ancients were provided with a very profuse growth of the capillary covering, and to relieve the head from its weight of hair, and also to provide against the intense heat, which afflicted them in their nomadic method of living, they considered it a luxury to shave the head in whole or in part.

This was denied to the Nazarites, and they vowed to let the hair remain.

It must be obvious to all reflecting persons, that if the Nazarites were thus forbidden to shave their heads, had lived in our day, they need not have considered their vow in this regard, to be any great sacrifice; neither would it have been of very much value; for in a short time the hair would have left of its own accord;

and, at the age of thirtyfive, or sooner, in many instances, we could not, with the best opera glasses, have told a Nazarite from a Gentile, m the "ballet seats"of the Salt Lake Theatre.

But the religious importance of this vow, as shown by Biblical reference, is well worth our notice.

It will be remembered that when an angel appeared and promised a son named Samson to the wife of Manoah, that the heavenly personage used these words: "No razor shall come upon his head, for the child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb."The subsequent strength of this son of promise, the Scripture says, departed from him when his locks were shaven off by his wife's barber, when the giant lay asleep.

(See Judges xvi, 17—19.) That was the dearest shave or hair-cut ever inflicted, at least the dearest in the record of barbering, that has reached the writer of this article.

It even beats the charges at the Palace and Palmer House, with all the extras at union retail prices.

They are as dross compared with Delilah's charge for barbering her husband and by a hired Phillistine at that.

No man could have got such a price; surely, as they say, "woman can do more than men, but Samson never went to her shop again."It seems however, that in Apostolic times the sentiment was changed in the matter of letting the hair grow, for Paul says "Doth not even nature itself teach you, that if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him."(I Cor. xi, 14.) When the mother of the great Prophet

Samuel went into the Temple, and entered into a covenant with the Lord in regard to the child before his birth, a part of the promise she made was: "And there shall be no razor come upon his head."His powerful career as a Prophet from childhood to old age, is a matter of Biblical history, and need only be referred to, to prove he was favored of God, but what influence upon his great life his perpetual growth of hair produced, we are not able with present information to determine.

The art of barbering has found its place in both poetry and prophecy.

The Scriptures make figurative mention of the razor and of shaving, as for instance (Psalm lii, 2): "Thy tongue deviseth mischiefs;

like a sharp razor working deceitfully."Also in Isaiah vii, 20:

"In the same day the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely by them beyond the river, by the king of Assyria, the head and the hair of the feet; and it shall consume the beard."Then in

5f THE BARBER'S ART.

Ezekiel, fifth chapter and first verse, the

Prophet is commanded as follows: "And thou, Son of Man, take thee a sharp knife, take thee a barber's razor, and cause it to pass upon thy head and upon thy beard."This shows that barbers went by their present professional name at this early period, five hundred and ninety-four years before Christ.

In what artistic or non-artistic manner the Goddard's, the James', the Hennefer's, the Squires'and the Dhiel's of those days performed the several acts required by their business, we are not informed by holy writ.

Butjudging from public opinion of the superiority of our times, we may safely suppose and unhesitatingly state that the appointments of a

B. C. barber-saloon were not as inviting and luxurious as those of the Temple Barber Shop, although perhaps as near to such a sacred edifice, and in the midst of as holy a city.

But at the time of which we write, the Jews were practicing great wickedness, and their captivity under

Babylonish rule as predicted by Isaiah in the figurative language quoted above was near at hand.

Let us hope the figure ceases here and the power of modern Babylon will not be able to perfect the illustration by an absolute repetition of history.

In more modern times, several centuries only before our day, the art of barbering had reached the dignity of surgery as well as shaving, and to be perfect in his profession, a barber had to become a phlebotomist.

In fact, in the days when bleeding was considered essential to the recovery of a patient, barbers were the surgeons who performed the operation.

They were called barber-surgeons, and were incorporated with surgeons in their protective guilds.

The barber's pole which is still used as the sign of the art, was originally designed as a representation of a bandaged limb—the red stripe indicating a ribbon or strip of linen wound in spiral form around the arm, and saturated with blood of the patient.

The addition of a blue stripe in some instances, is a more recent idea, and either indicates a patriotic love for the tricolor combination on the part of the proprietor, or a taste for variegated painting in the breast of the artist.

In the seventeenth century, barbers were appointed like physicians and surgeons for service in hospitals.

In providing for such an official for a certain institution at that time, the rule was made to read: "There shall be a barber, who shall cut and pole the hair of all scholars, and look to the cure of all who may have any need of his art."The last provision seems to imply great confidence in the ability of the barber.

It almost infers an imperative cure for the patients of the institution.

A physician is generally required to prescribe with care, a surgeon to operate with skill, but here is a command to see to the cure of those who have need of the barber's art.

Such a provision in the medical practice of the present age, would be quite a benefit to society.

It would effectually settle the diploma question, with which our solons have struggled for several sessions of the legislature, and which has always gone over because our non-diplomaphysicians will persist in curing people, and letting the public know it.

"If a doctor cures a patient, what more can he do?"they say, and it is not bad logic.

The benefit is in no way increased by an official parchment; and of what use would the learned document be to the doctor or the family if the patient unfortunately lay dead before them?

To compel the physician to "look to the cure"of his patients, is certainly of more service to a sickly community, than to assure the bereaved of an official writing that their medical attendant was able to produce a cure after failing to do so.

However, this was the requirement in regard to barbers in those days, and it was not until some time afterwards that the duties of surgeons were separated from those of barbers as now performed by the latter.

Many will testify, however, that barbers cling to their old profession as tenaciously as they do to their insignia of the surgical art.

In fact, bleeding seems to come more handy to some of them than barbering.

When people are habituated to certain practices, it is hard to

THE BARBER'S ART.

forsake them; so when a barber nicks your cuticle with his razor, don't swear at him, but remember how recently his profession demanded this of him officially;

and be thankful that you don't have to leave his shop, carrying a fac-simile of his sign upon your person, in the shape of a bandaged left arm.

It is quite evident that if some barbers held such privileges now, you would be lucky to have anything left with which their razors could come in contact.

It may be interesting to our readers to mention how the business of barbering originated in Salt Lake City and something of its present condition.

In 1851, four years after the arrival and settlement of the pioneers, William Hennefer, now a barber on Second South street, opened a shop in the basement of a building on the site now occupied by the

Thirteenth Ward Co-op.

At that time City Creek went rushing past the front of the premises in its natural channel ten feet wide, and a narrow foot bridge furnished a means for customers to cross it when they wanted Mr. Hennefer's services.

He moved twice in the vicin ity and finally into the Stuart building;

but his place of business was the only barber-shop in the city for two years;

during which Jew and Gentile, Mormon and Mongolian, if any there were, who needed a shave or a shampoo, congregated in his primitive retreat, and discussed their respective tenets while they enjoyed the tonsorial treatment accorded them.

Prices were the same as now for shaving, and hair cutting was ten cents cheaper.

Most people paid cash, except the Tithing hands who paid Church orders as now.

Some steady customers paid monthly or at longer periods in produce.

It is presumed that Mr.

Hennefer's experience in this particular, was something similar to that of Artemas Ward.

Offers of curious kinds were made by customers in regard to the variety of pay.

And doubtless he was as liberal as the genial hearted showman, who took anything from a squash to a sucking-pig, provided he could only eat it.

It is said that in those trying times, when a young fellow went to a party, he took his girl on one arm, and a pumpkin under the other, and if the produce came to more than the ticket, he got his change in little squashes, or perhaps in cucumbers, which his partner could take home to her mother.

In 1S53 John Squires, he who has recently been pardoned by President Cleveland of the offence of living with two wives, established the second barber- shop in Salt Lake City.

He was President Brigham Young's barber till that gentleman's death, and was the only man ever known to take the president by the nose in his lifetime.

He used to go with him on all excursions among the settlements, and shaved the company during their journey.

His sons of whom he has quite a number, are all excellent artists with the razor, and one of them is an artist also with the brush and easel, and some of his pictures have considerable merit.

There are in this city at the present time sixty-one barbers, and all seem to be making a living.

Some of these are superior to any barber the writer has found in the States or in Europe, and probably surpass any in the world.

In fact it has been a matter of surprise to persons going from here East.and especially at the hotels, to find that their Salt Lake barbers were in some instances much superior to those doing a large business in great cities.

And it is a source of pleasure to note that the patron of a Salt Lake barber shop is never embarrassed by the proprietors solicitations to purchase patented preparations for the benefit of the hair, scalp, skin, beard and other component parts of the purchaser's anatomy.

The writer has known cases in New York where the patron of a hotel barber shop was induced to spend from I3.50 to I5.00 by the importunities of the phillistine who fixed his hair.

And I was afterwards informed that the man was compelled to press these purchases, or endanger his position as an employee of the establishment.

Before closing, it is proper to state that many men have risen to positions ol great trust from the ranks of the barber's

JAUNT THROUGH COUNTY ANTRIM.

profession.

Their calling gave them opportunities for study, of which they availed themselves, till they were proficient in other branches and rose to eminence.

As a class, they are intelligent, and perhaps more familiarly intimate with distinguished people than the laborers in any other sphere.

They can profit by this acquaintance and thus gain in more ways than one by their patronage.

Among those who have risen from the realms of barberdom to spheres of a more ambitious character, are the

Rev.

Jeremiah Taylor, the great theologian;

Sir Richard Arkwright, the noted inventor of spinning machinery; Lord Chief Justice Tenderden, the great jurist of England; John Hunter, the well known artist, and many others who have made their mark in the world's history whose names do not now occur to the writer.

Charles W. Stavner.

"Paul,"said his mamma, "will yoxi go softly into the parlor and see if grandpa is asleep?""Yes, mamma,"whispered Paul on his return, "he is all asleep but his nose."JAUNT THROUGH COUNTY ANTRIM.

I HAVE had repeated occasion, or have taken repeated occasion, to declare that the London Daily Neivs has credited the

Belfast Lough, said to be the Vindermius of Ptolemy, with being as lovely as the famed lake of Geneva.

Whatever maj'^ be the beauty of the Swiss lake, it is lovely indeed if it can surpass that of the bay which, extending from the breast of the Atlantic Ocean, runs into the heart of Belfast between the two generous arms of Irish land that open wide to welcome its inflowing tides.

From the dock out to the furthermost point, on either side of the bay, is a continuous succession of gardens and farms and plantations—a name"given in the old country to their strips of woods and which frequently cover and crown the hill tops that rise above the general level.

Often grassy slopes rise up the shore from the water's very edge, and in summer boats of pleasure float and sail in all directions, and bursts of merry song can be heard from out the stretch of waters, and the tender tones of loveditties skimming the waves, fall upon the ears of listeners on either shore.

I have lain on the grass on a quiet summer day, and heard across the Lough, the pulsations of the locomotive as it wound along the opposite shore seven miles distant, as plainly as though the iron horse stood by my side Well, I was about to say, before carried away by the loveliness of a scene ever pleasant to be conjured up, that for some eight miles one is carried along this Lough on the road to the Giant's Causeway, if he is going that way from the town of Belfast.

Is there a lovelier railway ride in the world than this same eight miles, on one side of which, almost to the very edge of the rails, is the Lough, with the green and village of the opposite shore always in view, and on the other the prettiest and pleasantest and sweetest gardens and homes that the sun shines on, when it does shine?

At the end of the eight miles is Carricfurgus, or, Rock of Furgus, as the Celtic name implies.

Who Furgus was is not known as his tradition antedates the

B. C. of to-day; but the town is noted as having been the scene of a number of historical scrapes.

In one of these Edward Bruce figured. He landed here in 13 16 and was crowned King of Ireland, but as he did not hold it long, herein may be found one of the causes of Scotch aversion of the Irish.

That a a great many Scotch, leaving their own shores during the religious persecutions which one class of Scotch there instituted against their brethren, fled to Ireland and have never thought enough of Scotland to return, may be another reason for this aversion.

From Carricfurgus, where I should not forget to mention is still standing one of the most imposing remains ofAnglo-Nor-

JAUNT THROUGH COUNTY ANTRIM.

man military architecture in the Kingdom, the route lies through an almost exclusively agricultural region, unless we choose to go still farther along the Lough toward Larne. But turning inland and taking rail for it, the first stop after leaving Carricfurgus, is at the quaint little town of Antrim, on the borders of

Lough Neagh, the largest fresh water body in the three Kingdoms, and a beautiful little place and sweet sheet of water it is. Here are Shane Castle and the noted ruined tower of Antrim, well preserved and overhung with ivy.

Then comes Ballymena, the second town of importance in the County of Antrim, but naturally behind Belfast, for the reason that the latter is on the seaboard and the other is in the interior.

Following this is Ballymony—and one is astonished at the number of Ballys there are in the north of Ireland, but they are of a townsite and not a stage character.

Next the pretty town of Coleraine, commemorated in that tender little ditty "Kitty of Coleraine."It was here the great John McCullough was born.

There is "great"Salmon fishing, and I am told, most excellent "whishky. "The fact that there are no whole pitchers left in the town, according to the song, is due to the following occurrence.

A certain a broth of an Irish boy had the temerity to kiss a fair Irish Colleen, as she was lightly tripping over the dewey grass with a pitcher of milk in her hand; so surprised at the occurrence was she that she dropped and broke the pitcher.

Whereupon all that was left for Paddy to do was to propose, for of course, being Irish, he hadn't money enough to replace the lost pitcher.

The pair were wedded. "Shure the gurll couldn't say no to a boy that had kissed her."As soon as this effect of the broken pitcher became generally known among the unmarried girls in that vicinity, the song makes bold to declare that "Devil a howle pitcher was left in Col^aine."Showing, so far as the maids of this part of the Emerald Isle were concerned, there was an association in their minds of a direct affinity between broken pitchers and matrimony.

Portrush, the next place at which the train stops, is also the place at which it stops altogether.

This is what one of my friends called a singular coincidence.

Portrush, the guide book warns us, is the

Scarborough of Ireland.

This, Americanized,means that it is the bathing spot for the denizens of this part of the Green

Isle.

I took a dip in it.

So did two others of the party.

It was evening.

The chills then set in motion still trip up and down my spinal column whenever I think of it.

A bath in the north sea, with all the terrors of icebergs and other appurtenances thereunto belonging, is about the only thing that suggests a comparison.

If it were a question of another dip in the sea at Portrush, or forever after to be numbered with the countless corps of the unwashed, I should join the choir.

At this point one can take the electric train for the Bushmills.

The guide book says this electric road is one of the wonders.

So we found it on our return.

It runs along the coast for six miles, giving a glorious view of the ocean on the north coast of Ireland, the high bluffs that hold it in check, the lashing waves that climb like white robed sprites up their broken sides, and of the fair country on the inland side.

This electric road was a success on the outgoing trip; but it was a dismal failure on the return.

It carried us smoothly and with reasonable rapidity to the pretty little village of Bushmills, six miles distant from Portrush, and within two miles of the Giant's Causeway.

It may be well to add, for obvious reasons, that

Bushmills is noted for the production of the celebrated Bushmills whiskey, which ranks very high among this class of Irish joy and fight provokers.

Here the electric road also ends.

I had forgotten to mention that on this trip one sees the ruins of Dunluce Castle.

It stands,a pile of crumbling ruins, whose architecture indicates that it belonged to more than one period, the style in the best state of preservation not later than the i6th century, and the others dating back how far no one can tell.

Alone and solitary, perched upon an eminence overlooking the surrounding ground, with three sides exposed to the sea.

6o JAUNT THROUGH COUNTY ANTRIM.

above which it rises in precipitous grandeur, stands the castle that first belonged to the M'Quillan clan of Irishmen, but subsequently and wrongfully, in these, but rightfully enough in those days, taken possession of by a bold Scot named Sorley Boy MacDonald.

This, according to my philological deductions, has been corrupted into the "Surley Boy"of our times.

And we all know him.

But the ubiquitous English were there and routed Sorley Boy and his clan of M'Donalds.

Later, the M'Donald by treachery gained admission to the castle, sliced off the head of the English gent who had taken possession, and himself held the fort once more.

The •English governor in that vicinity, astonished at the nerve of a Scot in deposing a free born Britain, sent a command against the freebooting Scots and finally compelled them to submit. The M'Donald, however, equal to the occasion, went like a man to Dublin, where he not only secured his pardon but also succeeded in regaining possession of the castle he had stolen from the M'Quillans.

Since that time the descendants of Sorley Boy have held the place, and the big man of the flock was made the Earl of Antrim, after whom the county is now called, with the additional title of the Viscount of Dunluce.

It will be seen that in all these cheerful arrangements between the » descendants of the worthy Sorley Boy and the English gentry, the rights of the

Irish M'Quillan had no consideration, which may be still another reason why both the Scotch and English exhibit no superabundance of love for the Irish.

I would hardly make a first class historian, as I nearly overlooked the fact that a son of Sorley Boy was killed in one of the contests between the English and the Scotch, as to which of them had a right to what belonged to M'Quillan.

Beneath the old ruins is a cavern.

It is told that before its existence was known, the kitchen of the castle was directly over the cavern, and that on a day when a great feast was being prepared for Christmas festivities, and to celebrate also the birthday of one of the M'Donald sons, the floor of the kitchen gave way and precipitated all the inmates and victuals into the waters below, the only creature saved being an insignificant tinker who had ensconsed himself in one of the windows.

To make the punishment fit the crime in this case, the whole

M'Donald family should have been in the kitchen at the time of the guide book catastrophe, and the tinker who escaped, should have been a disguised son of the original M'Quillan from whom Sorley Boy wrested the castle.

Thus, both the demands of poetry and of justice would have been satisfied at a "single sitting,"for, as the M'Donald had previously settled accounts with the English, who deprived him of what he had stolen from

M'Quillan, so the operations of nature would have replaced the young tinker (supposing he had been a M'Quillan) in his own and still have left his hands free from the blood of his fellows—at least to all appearances, for it would not do to hint (still supposing him to have been a M'Quillan) that he had laid a mine to settle accounts with the whole race of M'Donalds at one fell swoop.

But, alas, the guide book was silent on the subject;

which I deem a very grave oversight since it leaves the impression that the

Antrims, now supposed to be Irish, are only so by sufferance.

Perhaps, to-day, in the wide, heartless world, those tinkering and excavating for mines and filling for railroads and carrying the hod, are the offspring of the deposed M'Quillfin, while the descendants of those who robbed their forefathers, the degenerate offspring of Sorley Boy, are accounted Irish and are still pegging away in sympathy with the English to down the pure and unadulterated Irish of the Green Sod.

This much the guide book does tell:

That Lady Margaret M'Donald (how is that for a change from Mrs. Sorley Boy?) would no more live in the castle.

Since that day, in the 15th century, time, the winds and waves, the heat and frost, have been striving, unbattled by man, to blot out the memory of the great wrong which these bleak and grev and cheerless walls will still call to mind so long as a vestige of them^shall remain, so long as there is

JAUNT THROUGH COUNTY ANTRIM.

6i a true Irish son who cannot forget the wrongs heaped upon his native land, nor contemplate the honor in which the offspring of assassins and thieves are held, while the children of the rightful owners are outcasts from their own lands, and held to be traitors because they cannot forget; because they still love the dear old land with all its ruins and tales of woe, rapine and sorrow, with its sweet dells, winding ways, lovely bays, and fair green earth.

But I digress.

The intention was to describe this electric railway which, as before stated, the guide book avers to be one of the veritable wonders of the North of

Ireland, and the only road of the kind (heaven be praised) in the world. There is, therefore, still something to live for besides seeing Rome, after which

I am told in books one is expected to die; but whether from joy, that the seeing of Rome is passed, or fear that one may be forced at some future day to gaze upon another like unto it, I cannot say.

But to continue.

We rode on serenely to the village of Bushmills and spent a pleasant day seeing what we wanted to, and prepared to return ere the shades of night had fallen fast.

We got back to the electric tramway station.

In place of the headless train we had come on, there stood an old locomotive with a coat of age on it to remind one of a two year old heifer, with hair on it of two winters standing, which it had forgotten to shed in the season thereof Well, we boarded the train, much disappointed at being divorced from the only wonder of the kind in the world, and it was with ill concealed contentment that we waited the beginning of the Irish engine to drag us, back foremost, in the direction of Portrush.

I may say here that we soon discovered what had failed to attract our attention on the thitherward journey, namely, that the country was confoundedly up and downish—rolling

I believe is the term poetical dudes call it when they ride over it, and "beautiful"—but abominably uneven to the man who walks.

But it followed the lay of the high bluffs above the ocean and was very fine for the poetical and wonderful purposes of electricity; but hardly the Kind of thing to set before a man given to profanity with only a one-steer power engine to familiarize him with the superlative happiness of a ride on an electric "rail."Byway of further explanation, it must be stated that we had to return to Belfast that night, with a powerful emphasis on had.

Our pecuniary arrangements were such.

It is not necessary to explain in this connection why the arrangement of monetary considerations had been so made.

Suffice it to say the fact was as stated.

And as the train leaving Portrush, like time and tide was credited with violent scruples against waiting, we had to be at Portrush at a certain hour.

We started in very fair season. We moved very agreeably for about two miles and a spell.

Then there was a stop.

I had no recollection of a station being here on the way out, but as everybody else looked wealthy and unconcerned, I took a hand at it myself and I doubt if the most astute character reader could have told whether it made any difference to me if I got to Belfast the next week or in ten years.

But the minutes crept on and the time was growing "suspensely"long ("suspensely"is original.) Presently we moved again for about two hundred feet.

Another wait and many heads, each adorned with two pair of anxious eyes, were turned in the direction of the hoary engine.

Then the men began to gather round it.

A consultation was held. Presently a man jumped frantically out of the caboose and dashing through a hedge, disappeared in the direction of a farm house that lay across the fields.

After another wait, during which the other men connected with the train kept painfully occupied in doing nothing, the first man reappeared through the hedge carrying an armful of peat.

It was then made public that the engine was not equal to the load, and that the coal was so poor sufficient steam could not be gotten up from it to pull the train. They hoped by the substitution of peat to get us there or "burst the boiler,"which, by the way, all my readers will recognize as being an Irish expression to the utter-

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

most.

The peat was set a going and we made another start.

But the country began to be more and more infested with the poet's rolls, or hills and she would not go.

Then we all descended and began to shove, and in the course of half an hour reached the summit of the eminence, from which it was truly a delight to look down upon the hollow before us, but the joy was tempered by the prospect of another Alp a little"beyant."

Oh, the deep, unutterable luxury of that wild ride of three consecutive seconds as we bowled down the hill, the little engine puffing like a demon and seeming to say "come on, will ye?"But it was a baulky horse and the history of a toboggan ride—zip, then walk a mile—was repeated many a time on that wild afternoon.

As soon as the force acquired from the impetus of the descent had been spent, every man was again at his post, pushing with might and main until another summit had been scaled.

How fast the time flew.

We, if none other, with our ill conditioned exchequer, knew only too well.

At last the final crag had been "stormed,"and as we mounted the cars for a final and glorious descent, in triumph, into the expectant Scarborough of Northern Ireland, our eyes fell lovingly on the glorious scene spread out beneath.

To the right, and running far away until sky and sea lost their distinct identities and in the hazy distance became one, extended the grand old ocean.

A nearer view showed the quiet waves to sparkle in the setting sun, while tiny boats danced in the little harbors and followed the receding tide as far as the ropes to which they were attached permitted.

And to the right, as far as the eye could reach, lay farm upon farm, divided by the sweet scented thorne; and the white old houses, and tall trees cast their shadows far across the bright green grass, so changed in the darkened shadow, from that on which the lingering rays of the sun,warm with the reflection of roseate clouds that had gathered in scattered columns above the sinking globe of fire, had given a tint or hue of indescribable loveliness.

And as the twilight deepened, and the deep red of the sky grew brighteV, and the colors warmer, the little village, with its roof mirrored in the waters edge, with its quaint houses, illumined by a light so glorious, with its streets so quiet and clean, all seemed as though it were a scene translated and we were gazing upon some little village, that, its inhabitants all God fearing, had merited the fate of the City of Enoch and been taken bodily to the celestial regions.

The eye could not weary of such a scene, and we gazed forgetful of the late struggle, heedless of the growing hour, wrapped only in the dreaming beauty of the hour, when there was a prolonged whistle, the unmoving air answering the clangor of a bell, and with puff"and screech the last train for Belfast set out on its jonrney, we but three quarters of a mile away, leaving our party of eight in a fashionable

Irish bathing resort with thirty-six cents between the whole crowd and starvation and street walking for four and twenty hours.

Robert W. Sloan.

Life is the opportunity of the soul.

No matter what his rank or position may be, the lover of good books is the richest and happiest of the children of men.

Larigford.

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

Religion, my honored Madame, has not only been all my life my chief dependence, but my dearest enjoyment.

Burns to Mrs. Dun lop.

In the correspondence of Burns, no less than in his poems, are to be found rich gems of religious thought and sentiment.

Especially is this the case in his letters to Mrs. Dunlop of Dunlop.

Of a deeply religious mind herself, in her correspondence with the poet, she drew from him his best thoughts upon this

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

greatest of all subjects, and sometimes remonstrated with him for his want of respect for the church, and what the good lady considered his irreligious tendences.

Before making any extracts from his correspondence with Mrs. Dunlop, however,

I wish to call attention to some thoughts he expressed on the subject to

Mr. Aiken, to whom he addressed "The

Cotter's Saturday Night;"and to his boon companion, Mr. Cunningham.

To the former he said:

"Though skeptical, in some points of our current belief, yet, I think, I have every evidence for the reality of a life beyond the stinted bourne of our present existence.

o, thou great, unknown power!

Thou Almighty God!

Who has lighted up reason in my breast, and blessed me with immortality!

I have frequently wandered from that order and regularity necessary for the perfection of thy works, yet thou hast never left me, nor forsaken me!"To Mr. Cunningham, under date of February 14th, 1790, he expressed himself as follows:

"If there be any truth in the orthodox faith of these churches, I am d d past redemption, and what is worse, d d to all eternity.

I am deeply read in Boston's 'Fourfold State,'Marshall on 'Sanctification,'Guthrie's 'Trial of a Saving Interest,'etc.;

but there is no balm in Gilead, there is no physician there, for me; so I shall e'en turn Arminian, and trust to sincere, though imperfect obedience."Here his letter was interrupted, but on the sixteenth he completed it.

"Luckily for me, I was prevented from the discussion of the knotty point at which I had just made a full stop.

All my fears and cares are of this world;

if there is another, an honest man has nothing to fear from it.

I hate a man who wishes to be a deist; but I fear every fair, unprejudiced inquirer must in some degree be a skeptic.

It is not that there are any very staggering arguments against the immortality of man; but, like electricity, phlogiston, etc., the subject is so involved in darkness, that we want data to go upon. One thing frightens me much: that we are to live for ever seems too good news to be true.

That we are to enter into a new scene of existence where, exempt from want and pain, we shall enjoy ourselves and our friends without satiety or separation—how much should I be indebted to any one who could fully assure me that this was certain!

"I do not remember, my dear Cunningham,"he wrote on another occasion, "that you and I ever talked upon the subject of religion at all.

I know some who laugh at it, as the trick of the crafty few, to lead the undiscerning many; or at most as an uncertain obscurity, which mankind can never know anything of, and with which they are fools if they give themselves much to do.

Nor would I quarrel with a man for his irreligion any more than I would for his want of a musical ear.

I would regret that he was shut out from what, to me and to others, were such superlative sources of enjoyment.

It is in this point of view, and for this reason, that I will deeply imbue the mind of every child of mine with religion.

If my son should happen to be a man of feeling, sentiment and taste, I shall thus add largely to his enjoyments.

Let me flatter myself that this sweet little fellow, who is now running about my desk, will be a man of melting, ardent, glowing heart; and an imagination delighted with the painter, and rapt with the poet.

Let me figure him wandering out on a sweet evening, to inhale the balmy gales and enjoying the growing luxuriance of the spring;

himself the while in the blooming youth of life.

He looks abroad on all nature, i and through nature up to nature's God.

His soul, by swift, enlighting Jdegrees, is rapt above this sublunary sphere, until he can be silent no longer, and bursts out into the glorious enthusiasm of Thomson "These as they change, Almighty

Father, these Are but the varied God.—The rolling year

Is full of thee!"And so on, in all the spirit and ardor of that charming hymn.

"These are no ideal pleasures;

they are real delights; and I ask, what of the delights of the sons of men are superior.

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

not to say equal to them?

And they bear this precious, vast addition, that conscious virtue stamps them for her ovi^n; and lays hold on them to bring herself into the presence of a witnessing, iudging, and approving God."But in his correspondence, as in his poems, he could not refrain from expressing a just contempt and ridicule for the vagueries, follies and narrowness exhibited in the creeds of men, as will be seen in the following extract from a letter to Mr. Cunningham:

Nonsense, auspicious name!

Tutor, friend and finger-post in the mystic mazes of law; the cadaverous paths of physic; and particularly in the sightless soarings of school divinity, who leaving Common Sense confounded at his strength of pinion.. Reason delirious with eyeing his giddy flight, and Truth creeping back into the bottom of her well, cursing the hour she ever offered her scorned alliance to the wizard power of Theologic Vision—soars abroad on all the winds.

'On earth discord!

a gloomy Heaven above, opening her jealous gates to the nineteen thousandth part of the tithe of mankind! and below an inescapable and inexorable hell, expanding its leviathan jaws for the vast residue of mortals!'—O doctrine! comfortable and healing to the weary, wounded soul of man!

ye sons and daughters of affliction, ye pauvres miserables,\.o whom the day brings no pleasure and night yields no rest, be comforted!

'Tis but one to nineteen hundred thousand that your situation will mend in this world;'so, alas! the experience of the poor and needy too often affirms; and 'tis nineteen hundred thousand to one, by the dogmas of that you will be damned in the world to come!—But of all nonsense, religious nonsense is the most nonsensical; so enough, and more than enough of it.

Only, by the by, will you, or can you tell me, my dear Cunningham, why a sectarian turn of mind has a tendency to illiberalize the heart?

They are orderly; they may be just; nay,

I have known them merciful, but still your children of sanctity move among their fellow-creatures with a nostrilsniffing putresence, and a foot-spurning filth, in short with a conceited dignity that your Scottishg lordlings of seven centuries standing display, when they accidentally mix among the aproned sons of mechanical life."To Sir John Whiteford he wrote "I am, I acknowledge, too frequently the sport of whim, caprice and passion;

but reverence to God, and integrity to my fellow-creatures, I hope I shall ever preserve."Early in his correspondence with Mrs.

Dunlop, it appears that that amiable lady reproached him with a want of reverence for religion, to which he replied:

"Some things in your last letter hurt me; not that you^say them, but that you mistake me.

Religion, my honored madam, has not only been all my life my chief dependence, but my dearest enjoyment.

I have, indeed, been the luckless victim of wayward follies; but alas!

I have ever been more fool than knave.

A mathematician without religion is a possible character;

but an irreligious poet is a monster."On another occasion he writes her:

"After all that?has been said on the other side of the question, man is by no means a happy creature.

I do not speak of the selected few, favored by partial heaven, whose souls are tuned to gladness, amid riches and honor, and prudence and wisdom—I speak.of the neglected many, whose nerves, whose sinews, whose days are sold to the minion of fortune.

"If I thought you had never seen it, I would transcribe for you a stanza of an old Scottish ballad, called the Life and Age of Man, beginning thus:

''Twas in the sixteenth hundred year

Of God and fifty three, Frae Christ was born, that bought us dear

As writings testify.'''I had an old grand-uncle, with whom my mother lived when in her girlish years;

the good old man, for such he was, was long blind ere he died, during which time his highest enjoyment was, to sit down and cry, while my mother would sit down and sing the simple old song of The Life and Age of Man.'

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

"It is this way of thinking—it is those melancholy truths, that make religion so precious to the poor, miserable children of men.

If it is a mere phantom, existing only in the heated imagination of enthusiasm, 'What truth on earth so precious as the lie!'"My idle reasonings sometimes make me a little skeptical, but the necessities of my heart always give the cold philosophizings the lie.

Who looks for the heart weaned from earth; the soul affianced to her God; the correspondence fixed with heaven; the pious supplication and devout thanksgiving, constant as the vicissitudes of even and morn;

who thinks to meet with these in the court, the palace, in the glare of public Hfe? No, to find them in their precious importance and divine efficacy, we must search among the obscure recesses of disappointment, affliction, poverty and distress."Having attended service on Sunday, the following day he wrote his friend his impression of the discourse, from which

I make the following extract:

"I have just heard give a sermon.

He is a man famous for his benevolence, and I revere him; but from such ideas of my Creator, good Lord deliver me!

Religion, my honored friend, is surely a simple business, as it equally concerns the ignorant and the learned, the poor and the rich.

That there is a great incomprehensible Being to whom

I owe my existence, and that he must be intimately acquainted with the operations and progress of the internal machinery, and consequent outward deportment of his creatures which he has made—these are, I think, self-evident propositions.

That there is a real and eternal distinction between virtue and vice, and consequently that

I am an accountable creature; that from the seeming nature of the human mind, as well as from the evident imperfection, nay, positive injustice in the administration of affairs, both in the natural and moral worlds, there must be a retributive scene of existence beyond the grave; must, I think, be allowed by every one who will give himself a moment's reflection.

I will go farther *2* and affirm, that from the sublimity, excellence and purity of his doctrine and precepts, unparalleled by all the aggregated wisdom of preceding ages, though to appearance, he himself was the obscurist and most illiterate of our species, therefore, Jesus Christ was from God."A few months after this, some misfortune overtook Mrs. Dunlop and he at once addressed a letter of consolation to her:

"Would I could write you a letter of comfort;

I would sit down to it with as much pleasure as I would to write an epic poem of my own composition that should equal the Iliad.

Religion, my dear friend, is the true comfort! A strong persuasion in a future state of existence;

a proposition so obviously probable, that, setting revelation aside, every nation and people, so far as investigation has reached, for at least near four thousand^years, have in some mode or other firmly believed it.

In vain would we reason and pretend to doubt.

I have myself done so to a very daring pitch; but when

I reflected that I was opposing the most ardent wishes, and the most ardent hopes of good men, and flying in the face of all human belief, in all ages, I was shocked at my own conduct.

"I know not whether I have ever sent you the following lines, or if you have ever seen them;

but it is one of my favorite quotations, which I keep constantly with me in the progress of life, in the language of the book of Job, 'Against the day of battle and of war.'"Spoken of religion "'Tis this, my friend, that streaks our morning bright, 'Tis this that guilds the horror of our night,

When wealth forsakes us, and when friends are few;

When friends are faithless, or when foes pursue;

'Tis this that wards the blow or stills the smart, Disarms affliction or repels the dart:

Within the breast bids purest raptures rise,

Bids smiling conscience spread her cloudless skies."Mrs. Dunlop became the god-mother to one of his sons, and on one occasion he said to her:

"I am so convinced that an unshaken faith in the doctrines of religion is so

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

necessary to make us happier men, that I shall take every care that your little god-son, and every little creature that shall call me father, shall be taught them."But perhaps the best and most happily expressed thoughts of the poet on this subject are contained in a letter to this lady under date of December, 1789:

"What is°man! To-day in the luxuriance of health, exulting in the enjoyment of existence;

in a few days, perhaps in a few hours, loaded with conscious, painful being—counting the tardy pace of the lingering moments by the re-percussions of anguish, and refusing, or denied a Comforter.

Day follows night, and night comes after day, only to curse him with life which gives him no pleasure;

and yet, the awful termination of that life is something at which he recoils.

'Tell us, ye dead;

will none of you, in pity, Disclose the secret What 'tis you are, and we must shortly be!

'tis no matter;

A little time will make us learn'd as ye are.'"Can it be possible, that when I resign this frail, feverish being,

I shall still find myself in conscious being!

When the last gasp of agony has announced I am no more to those who know me, and the few that loved me; when the cold, stiffened, unconscious, ghastly corpse is resigned into the earth, to be the prey of unsightly reptiles, and, to become in time a trodden clod;

shall I yet be warm in life, seeing and seen, enjoying and enjoyed?

Ye venerable sages and holy fiamens, is there probability in your conjectures, truth in your stories of another world beyond death; or are they all alike, baseless visions, and fabricated fables?

If there is another life, it must be only for the just, the benevolent, the amiable, and the humane.

What a flattering idea then is the world to come!

Would to God I as firmly believed it, as I ardently wish it!

There should I meet the disinterested friend of my early life; the man who rejoiced to see me because he loved me—Muir!

Thy weaknesses were the aberrations of human nature, but thy heart glowed with everything generous, manly and noble; and if emanation from the All-good Being animated a human form, it was thine!—There should

I, with speechless agony of rapture, again recognize my lost, my ever-dear Mary!* whose bosom was fraught with truth, honor, constancy and love.

"Jesus Christ, thou amiablest of characters,

I trust thou art no impostor, and that thy revelation of blissful scenes of existence beyond death and the grave is not one of the many impositions, which time after time have been palmed off on credulous mankind.

I trust that in thee 'shall all the families of the earth be blessed,'by being yet connected together in a better world, where every tie that bound heart to heart, in this state of existence, shall be, far beyond our present conceptions, more endearing."

From the foregoing it will be admitted that Burns, notwithstanding his contempt for the narrow creeds of men, had deep religious convictions. Hisbelief in God's existence was fixed;, so also was his belief in man's accountability to God.

He believed in rewards and punishments in a future state, basing the last item, not so much, perhaps, on the fact that the revelations of God declared it, as upon the fact that, to his mind, there was an "evident imperfection, nay, positive injustice in the administration of affairs, both in the natural and moral worlds."He could conceive no solid arguments against the idea of another existence, and he believed in it; but that belief was not unmixed with fears.

As to Jesus Christ, whom he regarded as the "amiablest of characters,"we may say he hoped in him, rather than believed in him.

Indeed in nearly all his religious ideas there is the demon of doubt haunting him.

He recognizes the need of religion, both for himself and for mankind, and while it is true, as he himself * The poet alludes here to Mary Campbell, celebrated in his poetry as "Highland Mary,"to whom he was betrothed—the woman he most dearly loved, and who was snatched from him by death early in life.

My Mary, dear departed shade!

Where is thy place of blissful rest?

Seest thou thy lover lowly laid?

Hear'st thou the groans that rend his breast?

INEQUALITIES OF NATURE.

states it, that the "necessities of his heart give his cold philosophizinj?:s the lie,"still his cold philosophizings, in some degree, shattered his religious convictions and dampened the fire of his religious ardor.

The trouble with Burns was, or rather his religious perplexities arose from this fact—he was of too generous a disposition, too noble of soul, too universal in his desire to see all mankind blessed, and had too high a conception of God's character, to accept the religious creeds of his day.

He had a great contempt for the religious beliefs that had the jealous gates of heaven opening but to the "nineteen-thousandth part of the tithe of mankind!"The incomprehensible mysteries, absurdities and follies mixed up with religion by professed expounders of it, perplexed his understanding, baffled his judgment, and did very much to weaken, though they could not destroy, his faith in God and revelation.

In conclusion we may sum up the religion of the Scottish Bard thus:

An unshaken faith in God's existence, justice and goodness;

a hope in Jesus Christ; a belief in the immortality of the soul, and man's accountability to God;

and consequently a belief in future rewards and punishments.

This was the poet's religious faith and this his moral code:

"Whatever mitigates the woes, or increases the happiness, of others, this is my criterion of goodness; and whatever injures society at large or any individual in it, this is my measure of iniquity.

What think ye of my creed?"Horatio.

INEQUALITIES OF NATURE.

There are few things more striking than Nature's inequalities; and few things that help the spread of Atheism in our midst so much when not considered from a true standpoint. We see such contrasts, such contradictions, such peculiarities in

Nature that it takes very little to turn our minds from truth to error, unless we have a talisman or key whereby these obstacles can be satisfactorily removed.

We may be led sometimes to ask: Why is one person so gifted, so caressed?

Why is life to him a smooth river, down which he glides indifferent often to anything that goes on around him, save the beauties and pleasures of the world?

Why is he permitted to dive deep into the well of knowledge and acquire wisdom and refinement with which to enchant and edify his fellow men, in contrast with his brother? Why is he blessed with health and wealth?

Why is his society courted, his friendship a thing to be desired, his opinion law? Another man may be to all appearances his equal, nay even his superior so far as physical qualities go, yet something is lacking.

We see this opposite, unlearned, poor in worldly goods, yet blessed oftentimes with better health, strong, and able to work long hours, toiling day after day, week after week, year after year for a scanty pittance, scarce enough to keep body and spirit together.

He has no knowledge of science.

No soft refined speech can he utter wherewith to gain admission to the presence of the great.

He may be honest and brave, with a heart true as steel, and ready to help a creature in distress;

his life may be and often is of the two the better and purer, yet when he is in the company of the pampered child of fortune and of the scholar he feels humbled to the dust, and can we wonder at him asking the question, "Who hath made us to differ?"

He knows there is but one Creator who made us all.

Then again I say, can we wonder that the Infidel's assertion that there is no God should find a response, from the man who sees such evidences of partiality in his own experience, by a being who is "just"and "no respecter of persons?"It is right here that he wants guiding and his doubts set at rest, for if left to himself he gradually sinks into unbelief and it is a hard matter to get him back to the straight path again.

INEQUALITIES OF NATURE.

It should be told him that where much is given much will be required;

the learned will have to account for their talents, the wealthy likewise, and the humble also.

Opportunities are given us all, at least once in our lifetime, to improve our talents and if we neglect this golden period, we alone are to blame.

The poet says:

"There is a tide m the affairs of man, which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune;

Omitted, all the voyage of their life, is bound in shallows, and in miseries."

He should be shown that the humble laborer is as essential as the Greek or

Latin scholar, the humble mechanic as the scientific discoverer.

The products of the earth sustain mankind and a tiller of the soil is of more importance to mankind than the greatest scholar that ever lived, or ever will live.

Let us stand on the brink of the mighty Niagara and watch the waters as they dash wildly down the steep incline, listen to the continual roar and rush of thousands of tons of water per minute, and remember this is never ceasing; rest is unknown to these turbulent waters year in, year out, whose roar can be heard for miles; and contrast it with the clear little spring dripping in some moss-covered nook drop by drop;

and yet the same Creator made them both.

There cannot be such a difference in humanity as in this spring and the waterfall of the world.

How easy, it seems, we could stop that little stream of water, but how impossible to stop the mighty flow of Niagara!

The same God made the lowly hillock, that erected Mont Blanc, the glorious sun and the feeble glow worm, the vast forest and a blade of grass.

Can we, dare we say these lesser things are useless, or that less care has been bestowed upon their creation?

No, we cannot, for all and each have their respective places in Nature and she would be incomplete without them.

Indeed the contemplation of these smaller objects educate us to appreciate the more striking ones, our minds are not always able to grasp the grandeur surrounding us, but by learning to impress these less objects upon our minds we in time learn the greater lesson.

The same rule applies to humanity.

To see an ignorant, rough, unpolished person, we can better understand the trials and preparations and processes that must be gone through, in order to polish and refine the mind;

but let us not despise the unpolished stone, for fear when polished it serve to reflect our own ignorance, at having looked to the coat rather than the soul, the manner rather than the mind.

Education and refinement go hancf in hand and if wisely used can be made of inestimable value to mankind,and on the other hand if misapplied can be made as instrumental of evil;

for vice hidden under the garb of refinement is often made to look so much like virtue that many have been led astray by its deception.

It should be some consolation to know that the knowledge of good and evil will condemn men more strongly than their ignorance.

No light responsibility rests upon those upon whom the advantages of education are bestowed;

and although no man will be saved in his ignorance, and it is a duty we owe ourselves and society to educate and improve ourselves as much as possible, there will be no need to doubt the Creator's love and justice to each and every one of us by asking, "Who hath made us to differ?"For it is our Father who will judge us, he knows our circumstances; and why need we fear the Being who has evinced such love for us all our lives?

He will be just to his children;

the fault will be ours if we win not His smile and the prize He bids us win, Eternal Life.

Truth, Honor and Duty are within the comprehension of us all and these will stand by us in that day when the wisdom of the world will perish, and inequality be blotted out forever more.

Marion E.

Scales.

The power of concentration is one of the most valuable of intellectual attainment.

Mann.

Nurse:

"Doctor! doctor! By mistake I gave the patient a spoonful of ink instead of medicine."Doctor:

"Well, make him eat blotting paper right away."

IN MARIPOSA

GROVE.

Vkry little that is fresh in interest can now be said of the Big Tree groves of

California.

The subject has been dealt with by writers of the finest ability, who have well-nigh exhausted the theme.

All later comments must be, therefore, necessarily somewhat trite, and even savor of plagiarism.

Yet it is not a sufficient reason why we should suppress all the thoughts and emotions, caused by a sight of these world-famed marvels, because what we may wish to say about them, has been partly, if not wholly told by others, providing of course that those emotions have been deeply, honestly felt, and are not merely a dead, lifeless copy.

I remember having, in boyhood, read and marveled at the stories told concerning these, then newly discovered trees, little realizing it would be my fortunate lot, in after years, to look upon them myself.

It was with a feeling akin to delight, that I found myself, one autumn day, in their close proximity.

I tried to roll backward the years, to again feel the youthful wonder and incredulity, then to quickly realize that in a few short hours I should behold them with my own eyes, stand in their huge shadows, and listen to the mountain wind drawing a solemn melody from out their ancient boughs.

This gave such a zest to anticipation, that I found my eagerness to be among them something really painful;

an instance in which anticipation could not have been said to have given more pleasure than realization.

It w^as a clear moon-lit night on which the lumbering stage-coach drew up at the Wawona Hotel, (Wawona is the Indian name for big tree) after our long day's drive toward the Yo Semite Valley.

The hotel is pleasingly situated on an open space close to the south fork of the

Rio de la Merced or River of Mercy, and we could see the waters of that stream flashing beneath the moon.

On the north of the place is a high ridge separating it from the Yo Semite proper; while away to the east is situated the Big Tree grove of Mariposa.

Before I try to give a true, if brief description of the last-named place, will preface my account with a few notes by the road, which had brought my companion and myself thus far.

We took what is known as the Raymond and Barenda route, a branch of the Southern

Pacific connecting with the first named place, and from thence we went forward by stage.

Raymond marks the beginning of the Sierra Nevada foot hills^ looking out upon the hot and barren valley of the San Joaquin.

For a while the staging is through a part of the country possessing the same features as that below Cape Horn on the Central Pacific.

In the fall of the year this part of the journey is extremely tedious, the long drought of the summer months leaving the roads deeply covered with a dust of most impalpable fineness.

The mouth, the eyes and nostrils soon become painfully irritated and the teeth are set fairly on edge.

However, we two, managed to keep ourselves in tolerable good humor by giving close study to the various kinds of pines and brushy growth.

The dry foothills make a paradise for the homely bull pine, a scraggy tree bearing a big round cone, which now littered the ground. Though figuratively speaking, they flourish like a green bay tree, their possession of the soil is sturdily contested by the hardy white oak, and there are such dense thickets of ceanothus and manzinita as prove that the sway of neither can become quite absolute.

There is much similarity in this part of

California to portions of West Virginia.

The country is dotted with the same kind of rough log cabins, with their squalid surroundings, the same dirtj'-faced children (spare the mark, are they black or white!) the same lean hungry pigs, and the same kind of broken down fences surround the neglected clearings. Away from the houses there was an abundance of bird and animal life, of a small kind.

Hares, squirrels, gophers, quail, blue jays and woodpeckers.

The quail were very numerous indeed, and the woodpeckers appeared quite busy, industriously employed in putting away their winter supply of acorns.

IN MARIPOSA GROVE.

After crossing the Fresno River there comes a change for the better in scenery.

We crossed the stream at a point where it had just emerged from a deep and shagged canon, and we attacked the heights beyond it, passing up a road cut at a stiff angle along the mountain side.

The higher we climbed the more tall and stately became the conifers.

Grouped together or standing singly.their proportions were such as made them grand and imposing. The dignity of these conifers proper was in no wise lessened by the mingling among them of their near kindred.

On the contrary, their individuality seemed augmented thereby.

In close juxtaposition stood the yellow pine, cedars, red and white, the balsam fir, black fir, the sugar pine, often called the king of pines, the rare Douglas spruce, the silver fir and many others, not producing the confusing effect of a forest of error, but one grandly harmonious. Among those mentioned, the sugar pine is perhaps the most beautiful of all.

It is an aristocratic looking tree, its branches being conspicuous for their exquisite curvature, while from their tips hang the long slender cones, reaching in length from fifteen to eighteen inches.

The red or incense cedar, as can be imagined from its name, fills the surrounding woods with perfume, and I cannot let this paragraph end without again referring to the lovely silver fir, which when young, rivals the sugar pine itself in point of grace, and more than surpasses it in perfect symmetry of growth and delicacy of foliage tint.

However, I will not go into details concerning the pineries, lest this should grow wearisome ere we reach the important part of our subject.

All lovers of forest scenery are familiar with Chateaubriand's magnificent descriptions of the primeval woods in "Atala"and here his pictures can be fully realized.

Well, off we sped for the Big Tree grove, our spirits attuned for surprise and wonder.

A bright, sparkling morning, a bracing air, a hard road, and sunarrows of steel-gray light shot into every corner of the bosky wood.

So massive grew the trunks of the trees, so lofty their stature, we began to imagine ourselves among the famous ones at last.

But on our suggesting the idea to the driver he only smiled sarcastically and answered jerkily to our further inquiries "Wait awhile, wait awhile."Not before we were again half tired of expectation (though at every foot of the road was passed such wonders of vegetable growth as would have delighted a Kingsley or a

Holmes) did he deign to enlighten us with, "Now when we pass that corner of the road you will see the biggest trees that ever you saw in your life."His words were true.

There was no mistaking them this time, those monarchs surely were the culmination of our quest.

One by one we passed them] by, those hoary chronicles of departed time.

The sight was marvelous, and we gazed in astonishment at the huge red trunks and massive limbs (trees in themselves), holding aloft a tremendous weight of dusky foliage.

Whichever way we turned, our eyes were greeted with one or more of this concourse of giants.

The ground, on which they grew, rose and fell in broken hillocks, and one of the most striking scenes in the grove was first to meet our gaze;

this was where a murmuring stream came wandering down the glen and two of them mingled their foliage above it, the water of the stream keeping eternally green the ferns and moss at their feet.

Not wishing to go into detail about the height, circumference, etc., of the trees, not getting much satisfaction from such things myself, I will give only the measurements of the two largest of the grove, the Giant and Wawona) letting them serve as indicators of all.

First, then, the Giant, which is said to be ninety-nine feet in girth and over three hundred in height;

after him Wawona, the living tree, through which an opening has been cut to allow the stage coach to pass, this one is placed at twenty-eight feet diameter, and but a few feet less in height than the Giant.

With slight decrease in measurements we might go on giving name after name until the list was swelled to a hundred.

Men of science, statesmen, warriors,

IN MARIPOSA GROVE.

heroes of Indian lore, have furnished names for the more important, and they in return for the loan, in many cases, have rescued for a few more years at least, the memory of those whose deeds are beginning to fade into the mists of oblivion.

It was the hand of George Tirrell, once a well known artist of Boston, that first delineated a scene in the Big Tree grove.

An engraving from his sketch of the Grizzly Giant, adorns a book recently published by J.

M.

Hutchings, who was, I believe, the pioneer of the grove.

It shows the tree as it is, a perfect marvel of storm beaten strength, and the ordinary trees of the forest dwarfed and dwindled into pigmies by comparison. The Giant shows, more than either of the living trees, its battle with time and the elements, its upper branches are scathed and dead, and fire has scarred its lower part.

The Indians formerly lit their camp fires at the base of the largest trees, and to this practice is due the death of many a stalwart one.

Dry rot is working against them too, the trees mouldering away first at their heart.

Between the growth of their inner and outer rings of wood there is a little matter of twenty centuries or so, and the hard outer portion once burned through from below, the inner crumbling core becomes an easy prey to the flames.

One of the trees thus burnt out is desig nated as Pluto's Chimney and another as the Telescope.

Standing inside its blackened centre and looking up to the blue spot of sky produced a singular sensation.

I had been told we might expect to see the stars therefrom at noonday, as we are led to believe we can do from the bottom of deep sunk wells.

I can certify that in the former case, it is outside the pale of truth.

Many of the older trees lie prostrate, and seeing them thus, we obtain a far better idea of their size than we do from those yet standing.

"Father of the Forest"is one of these fallen ones and as it lies with its core eaten out by time, we can ride on horseback through its length—two hundred feet; and entering at one end emerge from the other as from a darkened tunnel.

"Mother of the Forest"is seen near by, and though at first glance she seems to stand hale and hearty in her widowhood, a closer inspection shows that she, too, ere long (as time goes with them) must fall and mingle in dust with her former companion.

Of course that modern invention, the vendor of curiosities, has found a place in the grove.

The block cut out of Wawona is being carved into all sorts of small trinkets, and sold as souvenirs of the place.

Even for the bark, which is some eighteen inches in thickness, a use has been found and it is made into various fanciful forms for pin-cushions.

The old man who deals in these trifles has his little cabin placed between the boles of two near standing trees, and diflfering from men of his class in general is a well educated person, a graduate of Harvard and keenly alive to the poetry of his surroundings. The cones of the big trees he says find a ready sale, and singular to relate, they are among the smallest of the red-wood family.

Two that lie on my table I find to be less than three inches long, while, as said before, the cone of the sugar pine, attains to eighteen inches, and even that of the plebeian bull pine averages eight inches in length, and from twenty to twenty-five in circumference.

Not to multiply descriptions I will draw towards a close.

The Big Trees of California belong to the species known as the Sequoia Gigantea.

The bark has a red, burnt sienna tinge, and in many instances the yellow moss, so prevalent in the Sierra Nevada, covers a large portion of the trunks and limbs.

In the way of comparison there is nothing else so like these tree trunks, both in shape and size, as a lighthouse like Bell Rock or Eddystone;

but this is a back handed comparison, for we know it was a tree trunk that suggested the form of the last named building.

In the grove the drive is so arranged that the sight-doing tourist can see the greater number of trees without the trouble of leaving the coach;

in this case "a consummation devoutly to be wished."In passing through the grove we meet from time to time a half

PIONEER LIFE.

naked Indian, a white-haired decrepit old man, or squaw bearing her blanketed papoose at her back.

When we are at such points in the grove as bring a number of trees into one view, the effect is superb, it is like standing in the nave of some majestic cathedral.

When the first feeling of astonishment at their enormous size has passed away, and we begin to calmly realize how venerable they are, how many years have gone to their building, then it is that we begin to appreciate the sight.

There they stood sturdy and big when

Herodotus, "visiting all the chief places of Greece and Asia Minor, traveled in Thrace and Scythia, explored Egypt, went to Tyre and through Phcenecia and

Palestine, made his way into Babylon."

Since their green fronds first peeped above the ground, what changes have come to mankind!

Old faiths have died and new ones taken their place.

The worship of Apis has ceased; the ibis and crocodiles of Nile are no longer sacred.

The gods of Olympus have been dethroned; Venus, Pallas, Mars, even Jove himself faded away before a new dispensation. Jesus of Nazareth, born in a manger, brought to the world tidings of peace and great joy. Mahomet lived his strange life of visions, of toil and blood, to mould the faith of millions.

For fully five hundred years, some of them had stood when Aristotle wrote all that was known of the British Isles:

"Beyond the pillars of Hercules are two islands, which are very large, Albine and lerne, called the Britannic."Almost as now they stand, they stood in the infancy of cities that have since grown great and died;

there they stood while Venice, Daughter of the sea, rose from the rush-covered islands of the Adriatic, grew strong to crush the power of the Turks at Lepanto and afterwards spread the sails of her Argosies on every sea.

While Florence lived through her reign of power and glory.

And as the Moors built the fairy towers of the Alhambra, that now for four hundred years have stood desolate on the hill of Darro.

Even since they have grown old have the noblest achievements of our race been done.

Bruno, Galileo, Copernicus, Kepler, Newton, have added to the simple knowledge of the Chaldean shepherds,all the wondrous stories of modern Astronomy.

Magna Charta has been wrested from King John, and the printing press invented to disseminate knowledge into the loneliest household.

Since then, Columbus with genius and heroism, found for the development of mankind another hemisphere;

and last but not least, steam the willing servant and slave, has been set to work in a thousand diversified ways.

There they have stood while war, superstition, ambition, dreams of liberty have swayed the hearts of men, and a better civilization been evolved from the decay of ancient faiths and empires.

As the sun stoops low in the west and the evening shades steal through the grove, we grow strangely quiet, do not care to talk, or to ask questions of our guide; do not wish to know the name of this tree or that, but would rather listen to the whispering voices in the tree tops far above, and watch the deepening of the red beams of twilight.

The solemn presence of these last of a fading race is exerting its influence over us.

How brief the sum of days allotted to human life!

How like a meteor in the night, that glows and is gone, his troubled existence!

Here, where we see these long, living products of nature's fertility lie mouldering and dead, yielding to the inevitable law of decay, how forcibly we are made to feel the truth of Lord Bacon's couplet:

Who then to frail mortality shall trust,

But limns in water, or but writes in dust.

But enough of this, I feel that I am growing turgid if not tedious.

To the reader I would say, go to the Mariposa

Grove, linger there until the lessons of the place sink deep into your heart, and then shape your course toward the Yo Semite Valley, look upon its cliffs and waterfalls, which will form the subject of a future paper.

Alfred Lambourtie.

PIONEER LIFE.

Much has been said and written on the lives of early pioneers of the Ameri-

AUTUMN LEAVES.

can Contin^t, the Puritans and Pilgrim progenitors of the New England States and of the adventures of the first settlers in the Western and Middle States.

Some works have been written on the advancement of civilization in the western prairies, yet but slight justice has been done the hardy frontiersmen of the Rocky Mountains, who have met what appeared to be insurmountable obstacles, and by their courage and perseverance have overcome them.

At the risk of their lives, they planted the seeds of civilization in the wild valleys of the great west—making deserts to blossom and become fruitful—where before had reigned the red man, where the wolfs howl was heard and the bear stalked unmolested, master of all he saw.

In the face of dangers and difficulties the hardy, honest, frugal pioneer built his cabin, dug his canals, poured water on the parched earth, where, for untold centuries it had lain exposed to the dry winds and hot suns of an arid clime.

The grateful soil has drunk freely of the refreshing beverage, and in return, gave back to its benefactors harvests rich and wholesome.

Yet, before this happy result was reached, were months and years of toil and restless anxiety;

suffering the greatest privations to accomplish, often times, meagre results.

But with a faith and perseverance that cannot sense a partial failure, the pioneer goes on meeting and overcoming one disappointment after another, with a zeal and determination that the bravest soldier has seldom shown on the field of battle.

He has known, full well, that to relax his efforts was to lose all;

so with constantly renewed courage, he meets disappointment, and after years, perhaps, of hardest toil, he wins partial success, when new hope springs up, new ambition is created and new neighbors come in to share his triumph.

No wonder that few of those who form new settlements, live to enjoy the full benefits of their labors;

or that many are tempted to move from place to place in the hope that fewer obstacles will be met; so that none but the most persevering and determined out live, in the frontier towns, the days of pioneering.

The future generations cannot honor, too highly, the sturdy and worthy early settlers, who have made it possible for them to exist, surrounded by the comforts of wealth and prosperity.

These are the substantial evidences of almost super-human efforts made by the stronghearted and brave-souled early pioneer.

Richard G. Lambert.

AUTUMN LEAVES.

Old friends and true, come you with me tonight And in the shadow of the witching hours,

We'll wander in the forests as of old,

And there in the clustering beauty bright,

E'er as the radiance of summer flow'rs.

Gather those leaves of crimson and of gold.

Such as we gathered in the long ago

Ere we had tasted of life's cup of woe.

Those Autumn leaves are wound around my heart, With tendrils stronger than the touch of time,

And bloom and brighten ev'ry season round;

The mem'ries they enshrine cannot depart,

But with each new affection intertwine;

And each year is some precious token found

That brings the old time forests to my gaze,

And haunts me with "the scenes of other days.''

The chestnut burrs we trod beneath our feet,

Reminded us that life had thorny ways;

But we were blooming then like those bright leaves, And in our innocence and joy complete,

Traced not the shadows of the darker days;

But only saw the harvest's golden sheaves

That lay before us in the coming years

And wot not we must sow the seed in tears.

But tender hopes and sweetest fancies cling

Around the Autumn leaves along life's way,

They gladden Winter, brighten home and heart,

And when my children their rich cluster bring,

And weave them garlands of the leaflets gay,

The tears involuntarily will start;

I wonder if, like me, in golden sheaves

They'll bind with cords of love these Autumn leaves.

Emmeline B.

Wells

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, December, 1888.

OUR MISSION.

Never before was there a community whose young people had resting upon them so great responsibiUty as those now growing up in the villages and towns of Utah.

To them has been committed, first, the oracles of God, by that is meant the revelations, commandments, covenants, promises, gifts, blessings and powers of the Gospel;

and especially those powers of the priesthood which appertain to the dispensation of the Fulness of Times:

second—the efforts of their enemies at detraction, notwithstanding their parents have bequeathed to them a reputation for righteousness, integrity and devotion to their religion that must be sustained.

At present we have a religion that is derided; a church that is distrusted and feared by those unacquainted with its spirit and genius;

a community politically ostracized, and oppressed by unjust and unconstitutional laws; a political organization, (a Territorial government) which gives us no influence upon the destiny of the nation, with which our own destiny is indissolubly connected—

a political organization which places us at the tail end of the body politic, and when enforced upon a people wiUing to aid, capable and worthy of enlarged powers, is un-American in its spirit, and oppressive in its operations, by confining the actions and influence of the people to limits inconveniently narrow.

It is the mission of the young people of this community to reverse all this:,to make our religion if not universally believed, at least universally respected;

our church trusted and admired; escape the political ostracism which checks our progress; blot out the unjust and unconstitutional laws which oppress us;

cast off"the swaddling bands of Territorial government and adorn our Deseret in the more fitting habiliments of a commonwealth in the Americaji Union—no longer dragged at the tail end of the political body, but made "the brightest star on the old flag's crowded space."The youth of a community with such a mission as this must be stalwart of intellect, determined in effort, steadfast of purpose, unyielding in integrity, of unbounded faith in God and in his overruling providence.

They have no time to join in the following of the world, much less in its wickedness.

In their righteousness will be their strength, for through that means they will enlist the powers of heaven in their cause, without which the task before them would be beyond the possibility of accomplishment.

But if each shall say for himself—

"Happen what may, of me expect to hear

Nothing dishonorable, impure, unworthy

Our God, our law, my people or myself—

and so resolve and act, the task which would discourage a community trusting alone to their own strength or wisdom, will not only be well begun, but carried very far towards its accomplishment.

THE FIRST YEAR'S SERIES.

The appearance of the five volumes comprised in the first years series of the M.

I.

A. Course of Reading is all that could be desired.

The books are of about the same size, bound uniformly in a handsome dark olive colored cover, having a beautiful design stamped upon the side, embracing the Association monogram entwined in twigs of wild sage and sunflower, typical plants of our

Territory.

The first of the series "The Gospel"by Elder B. H, Roberts is a book of great value to the young men and women of our people.

It presents in a serious, logical and consecutive order the fundamental principles of the revealed religion of Jesus Christ, with so clear and pertinent an argument for their acceptance by the reader, as to convince the sincere inquirer for the truth.

It is a great thing for the young man, whose religious convictions are not wholly formed, to meet with such an array of facts, to establish in his mind the reasonableness and saving virtue of the

EDITORIAL.

principles revealed, in our own time, for his salvation.

Elder Roberts has written a book that has this great object constantly in view, to convert the youth of our own people to an intelligent appreciation and sincere acceptance of the faith of their fathers; and it may be said with confidence that he has laid a foundation upon which whoever reads his work with care, may build a faith that is sure and obtain a conviction that is certain.

The Course of Reading in history is commenced with the History of England.

Having in view the creation of an interest in history, at once the most important to us, and in which the development of our present civilization and the growth of free institutions is but reflected, no happier choice could have been made.

The more so will this appear when it is understood that doubtless the next year's reading in history will be American, most probably that of the United States, which if it is not a continuation of English history, is a continuation of the history of English people, and an account of the progress and higher development of principles and institutions having their origin in England, which the English people, both nobles and commons, struggled for so many centuries to secure for themselves and their posterity.

Unfortunately the growth of those principles was stunted in

England, but in the blest land of America they have well-nigh reached full growth, if not maturity.

The tree of liberty, blessed with such a vigorous growth in this country, and promising eventually to extend its spreading branches over the whole land, first sprung into 'existence in England, and for that reason English history is so important to the youth of America.

If truth, simplicity, clearness, and the power to make the subject of absorbing interest be the most desirable qualities in a historian's style, then those who prescribed this first year's course of reading did well in choosing Dickens as their author;

for these are the qualities of his little work.

Stripped of all words of "learned length and thundering sound,"free from obscure and difficult political questions, we are given in this work a direct account of the leading incidents and persons of English history, together with the development of the principal features of the English constitution, which once carefully read, the outlines of the great subject will live in the memory forever, and prepare the student for a profitable perusal of more elaborate works in the same line; say Green's or Knight's History of the English People;

or a study of those important epochs in the life of the English nation treated of by Hume or Macaulay; after which, and a little later on in life, when the judgment shall be more matured, they may take up Hallam's Constitutional History of England.

The First Book of Nature, by Prof James E.

Talmage, is the title of the work on Science.

It is, as an introductory volume on natural science, at once unique and of wonderful interest. Natural history in treating of animals, plants and minerals is a fascinating study, and the vision of its beauties, unfolded to the unlearned reader in this little volume, is so pleasing that it is sure to attract and hold the attention until every scene is witnessed, and every, lesson which they portray is learned.

The life of Nephi, by President George

Q. Cannon, as an example of home literature, is one of the purest diction, exalted style and absorbing interest. The biography of the Prophet Nephi, cannot fail to be read by the youth of Israel with intense delight and great profit.

The little volume, "Readings from Washington Irving,"is presented as an introductory to what we may term the Improvement Association course in General Literature.

It is said of Washington Irving, as a writer, that "His careful, selected words, his variously constructed periods, his remarkable elegance, sustained sweetness, and distinct and delicate painting place him in the very front rank of the masters of our language."

As an introductory to American Literature, and with a design to create a taste for all that is elegant and pure in it, no better selection of an author could have

THE CHARACTER OF LADY MACBETH

been made: While the selection from his works are as happy as the choice of the author himself.

"Christmas,""The Stage Coach,""Christmas Eve,"and "Christmas Day"will be enjoyable reading during the Christmas-holidays now approaching us,- carrying the mind back to, and making it familiar with those festive customs and good cheer, characteristic of our forefathers at this season of the year, and forever blended with the remembrance of that land from which so many in these valleys have emigrated.

"Stratford-on-Avon"is calculated to increase an interest in the master of the English language—Shakspeare—and beget a zest for a study of his great works.

While "Rip Van Winkle"will be enjoyed for its quaint humor and weird legends almost religiously believed by the inhabitants of the Empire State, before the roar and rush of commerce drove from her mountains and streams all the elfs, fairies, ghosts and witches belonging to romantic and poetic lore.

It is not only to please, however, that these "Readings"are now presented to the members of the Improvement Associations, but also to improve their own diction, by making them familiar with the methods of expression and purity of style of one of the most elegant writers of the

English language.

With this object in view these selections should be read and re-read and the construction of sentences carefully studied.

It appears that some officers entertain the idea that the Course of Reading is intended to be pursued by the Associations, as such, occupying the time of regular meetings in reading the several books.

Nothing could be farther from the design.

A careful perusal of the lectures, circulars and other instructions that have been given in relation to it will clearly show, that it is expected that the reading will be by each individual at home, at such times and places as opportunity affords, and that in the Associations, only the subjective lectures and reports of the readings should occupy time.

The great benefit to the Associations to be derived from pursuing the Course of Reading is in securing at the meetings an audience that is informed, by reason of the home readings, upon the subjects of the lectures given.

This fact will cause lecturers to prepare themselves morecarefully,thus greatly increasing the interest of members who listen to them.

The community will realize a great improvement in the tone of its young people, if the Course is being generally read, by reason of their conversation being directed to the explanation and understanding of the themes treated of*

What a revolution this will be in many places!

Instead of idle, foolish jesting engaging their conversational powers, thought upon doctrine, history, science and sacred biography, will seek and find expression upon the lips of hundreds, to whom such subjects have been strangers all their lives.

Officers of Mutual Improvement Associations can do nothing this winter that will promote mutual improvement to the extent that a general distribution and faithful reading of the books of the First Year's Series will accomplish.

THE CHARACTER OF LADY MACBETH.

In the portrayal of Lady Macbeth's character, we find that she is represented as being subservient to that great ruling passion—Ambition.

'To attain an eager desire, she sacrifices many principles, which might otherwise be pictured as noble and generous. Through her sternness and great bravery, which characterize her disposition, she is enabled to maintain a strong influence over the mind and actions of her husband.

This is manifested in the most forcible manner, in the murder of King Duncan, the thought of which Macbeth had almost banished, until the evil genius of his wife taunts and upbraids him for his

THE CHARACTER OF LADY MACBETH.

cowardice, thus pressing him forward to the fiendish deed.

The first thought of the murder was not, however, suggested to Macbeth by his wife, but it originated with the thane himself, which may be inferred from his soliloquy soon after the interview with the witches:

My thought whose murder yet is but fantastical Shakes so my single state of man, that function

Is smothered in surmise, and nothing is

But what is not.

{Act /, Scene JII.) That Macbeth is thinking of the murder is intimated to his Lady through the letter in which, by means of her superior mind and perfect knowledge of her husband's character, she is able to detect that which hints at a possibility of his soon becoming king, but she fears that his nature is too kind, "to catch the nearest way."She only waits for his arrival when she will be able to urge him on and gain the desired object.

Her character in the execution of this murder is cruelty and wickedness itself, but notwithstanding this, there is something in her unbounded courage which arouses a feeling of admiration and almost sympathy.

It may be her genius and the strength of her nerve, or it may be the superior intellect, which is represented in contrast with Macbeth's quivering cowardice.

It is certain that she is perfectly indifferent to blood and death;

and nothing can be too cruel, so long as she is able to carry out her plans.

She, unlike Macbeth, stops not to consider the evil consequences of her movements,—her thoughts dwell not on so remote a future, but are devoted to the idea of the power to be attained by the completion of her project.

It is noticeable in Lady Macbeth's character, that in her concentrated ambition, she works less for herself than in gaining greatness for her husband.

If she has any thoughts of being great and powerful herself, she does not speak of them; but always refers to the high position which Macbeth will attain through her undertakings.

Her great courage and force of will is displayed in its perfection in act II, scene i, in which she takes the daggers back to the room where Duncan lies, besmears the faces of the attendants with blood, and returns, not in the least overcome by the terrible sights therein witnessed.

After the murder of Duncan is made known, and Macbeth is suffering underthe thoughts of the possible consequences.

Lady Macbeth is occupied in trying to sustain the fortitude of her husband, and, in outward appearance, seems to have no regrets for the deed.

But now that Duncan is murdered and her aim accomplished, her ambition can go no farther.

Thus, the leading passion of her life satisfied, we find her, as represented in her soliloquies, broken down under her stricken conscience, which is awakened after the Banquet scene, and brings with it remorse, followed by despair.

The influence exerted by Lady Macbeth over her husband, though at first but lightly burning, now breaks forth in a continuous blaze, and we find him coldhearted, cowardly, and treacherous in everything; though in all his treacheries, after the murder of Duncan, Lady Macbeth takes no part.

She has, undoubtedly, an impression to the effect that his intention is to kill Banquo, but is willing to "be innocent of the knowledge,"and so urges him no further.

Act V, scene i, shows the state of mind into which Lady

Macbeth has fallen.

She is troubled by her imagination to such an extent, and her mental faculties have been so terribly shattered, through picturing past scenes of the murder, that her rest is broken and her nervous system is weakened almost to prostration.

Throughout the whole play Lady Macbeth displays blood-thirstiness only where she deems it absolutely necessary to attain some great end.

At such a time she is daringly wicked, and takes under consideration nothing which will prevent her from carrying out her project;

but she, unlike Macbeth, would, in my estimation of her character, shrink from doing anything wicked through purely selfish motives or through fear of punishment.

We also find that although perhaps suffering deeply in her mind, during and after the Banquet scene, she utters no word of complaint, and is continually trying to draw Macbeth's thoughts from

the horrible deeds which have been committed.

So, it is seen that although she has accomplished her great desire in making her husband King of Scotland, she is made miserable by remorse and self-condemnation, while the "rooted sorrow"in her mind and "perilous stuff"which weighs upon her heart, are at last relieved by death itself.

My opinion regarding the personal apASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

pearance of Lady Macbeth is that she was a woman of medium height, a model of beauty, with a grace accompanying every movement.

Her complexion was fair, with light-brown hair, and deep, expressive, gray eyes.

I imagine her as being very delicate in mould, and having an expressive face, displaying her superior intellect and great courage.

Edna Wells.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

CIRCULAR.

75? the Young Men and Women, of Zion:

It is with satisfaction and pleasure that we announce the publication of the

First Year's Series of the Mutual Improvement Association Course of Reading. The five volumes which it comprises have been issued from the press, enclosed in a neat case, and are now ready for delivery.

They are as follows:

I.

The Gospel, by B. H. Roberts.

II.

History of England, by Charles Dickens.

III.

First Book of Nature", by Jas. E.

Talmage.

IV.

Life of Nephi, by George Q.

Cannon.

V.

Readings from Washington Irving.

We having authorized the issue, by the

Contributor Company, of three thousand sets of this series, and trust there will be found among you many times that number of readers.

Order blanks have been issued to the presidents of the Y.

M. M.

I. A. who have been requested to canvass for and receive subscriptions, in their respective wards.

The books are sold only in sets, and profits arising from their sale will be reserved for the issue of succeeding series.

The price per set of five volums is I2.50 in advance. When payments are made by instalment the price is I3 per set.

All orders and remittances of money should be addressed to the Contributor Company, No. 40 Main Street,

Salt Lake City.

It is suggested that the reading be commenced as early as possible in December and continued through January, February, March and April, finishing in time for complete reports to be made by May ist. The officers of Associations should keep a record of the number of readers and of those who answer the printed questions upon the themes treated of, which will be distributed to the readers, later in the season.

In recommending this Course of Reading to our young people, it is in the hope that they will take up these books and read them carefully and methodically with a view to forming attentive and thoughtful habits of reading, and of thoroughly mastering the contents of the volumes read. We cannot over-estimate the good that will follow such a course if faithfully pursued; and we confidently solicit the kind consideration of our people, young and old, for this effort now being made for the mental and moral improvement of the young mea and women of Zion.

Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher.

General Superintendency Y. M. M.

I. A..

PROGRAMME—MONTHLY JOINT SESSIONS.

Part I.

Invocation:

i. Song (selected);

2.

Prayer (appointed);* 3. Hymn (classified), t It is thought quite proper for the persons who are to oifer the opening and closing prayers to be notified before; not for the purpose of composing them for the occasion, but to im~

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Part II.

Regular Exercises:

i. Address (Y M.);

2.

Music, instrumental;

3. Essay (Y. L.);

Essay (Y. M.);

5- Music, vocal;

6. Address (Y.

L.);

7.

Summary or synopsis of Y. M. weekly class-work;

8. Summary or synopsis of Y. L. weekly class-work;

9.

Recitation (Y. L.);

10. Declamation (Y.M.).

Part III.

Responses:

i. To queries, a. written from previous programme, or, b. selected from weekly class-work;

2.

To science, a- dissertation, or, b. experiment;

3. To biography, a.

sketch, or, b. narration.

Part II.

Finale:

i.

Reading programme for next session;

2.

Song (Stephens);

3.

Benediction.

There will be given a suggestive programme for a district conference in the January number.

SCRIPTURAL ANALYSIS.—M.

H. HARDY AND GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

BIBLE.

Lecture XXXIV.

King David.

Time, B. C.

1063.

Subdivisions:

i.

His divine calling;

2. As an armour-bearer;

3.

As champion of liberty with the armour of faith;

4.

His noble examples of modest humility in receiving public praise;

5.

His perfect integrity and reverence for the Lord's anointed.

References:

I Sam, xv to end;

Josephus, Book VI, chapter 8-13.

XXXV, King David continued.

Subdivisions:

I. As king of Judah; a temporary division of Israel;

d the internecine war;

2. David king over all Israel; a as subject to and supporter of the Priesthood;

as a mighty warrior and deliverer;

<; as a political economist; rfasa prophet-poet References:

II Sam., i to ix;

Josephus, Book VII complete.

XXXVI.

KingSolomon.

Time, B, C. loi s.

Subdivisions:

i.

His anointing as king;

2.

His father's last charge;

3.

His desire for the gift of wisdom;

4.

His extraordinary wisdom;

a as a judge;

<5 as a moral philosopher;

c as a poet;

rf as a naturalist;

^ as a statesman; /"as a diplopress the importance of prayer as a part of the exercises, and in the hope that some attention will be given to its cultivation and to the kind of prayer suitable for such occasions.

t It should be the aim of officers or choir leaders in assigning hymns to select them witli direct reference to their appropriateness to the occasion when they are to be sung.

And to facilitate this the hymns should be classified by the officers or the index of subjects in the L. D.

S. hymn book be frequently consulted.

matist; ^ as a financier; A as a temple builder.

References:

I Kings, i to ix;

Josephus, Book VIII, chapter i-viii.

NEW TESTAMENT.

Lecture XXXIV.

Paul's E,)istle to Timothy.

Subdivisions:

i. The necessity of government;

a self;

d home;

c public;

2. The dignity and honor of a. Deacon's official duties;

3. The preference ot entreaty to rebuke;

4. The evil of gossip;

5. The danger of tampering with temptation;

6. The error of discussing inappropriate questions;

7. The social corruption of the last days.

Reference:

I and II Timothy.

XXXV.

Paul's Epistle to the Hebrews. Subdivisions:

I.

The supremacy of the Son of God;

2. The victory over Satan through death;

3. The learning of obedience through suffering.

4. The impossibility of the redemption of an apostate;

5. The law of tithing;

6. The incompleteness of a testament without the death of the testator;

7. The unpardonableness of wilful sin against truth;

8. The nature and power of faith;

9. The fatal mistake of not appreciating a birthright;

10. The inability of man to comprehend the higher principles of progress except through the appreciation of the elementary ones.

Reference:

Hebrew, i to xiii.

BOOK OF MORMON.

Lecture XXXIV.

People of Alma establisaed in Jershon.

Subdivisions:

Alma's lamentation;

a the cause;

d the nature of it;

c the principles illustrated;

1.

Free agency;

2.

Self reproof for aspiring beyond his calling;

3, Korihor the anti-Christ; a his vicious abuse of the highest privilege of citizenship;

his blasphemous slander;

c his seditious doctrines; d his defeat by Alma's interrogation, "What evidence have ye that there is no God?"e his self entailed punishment; / his confessed league with the evil one; £ his dreadful death.

Reference;

Alma xxix, xxx.

XXXV.

Dissensions of the Zuramites.

Subdivisions:

I. Alma's inspired missionary scheme;

a the otjject;

i the missionaries in Antionum;

c Alma's prayer; d the individual field work of the missionaries;

e discourses of Alma and Amulek; y"envy of the Zoramite priestcraft;,^ banishment of the missionaries and the converts;

2. The Zoram-Lamanite league;

3 The land of Jershon as a battle field.

Reference:

Alma xxxi-xxxvi.

THEOLOGY.—B. H. ROBERTS.

Lecture VII.

Faith;

part iii;

faith in the Scriptures;

the Old Testament;

authenticity of the books thereof, the testimony of Josephus;

of the New Testament;

the writings of Moses revealed to Joseph Smith; the Book of Abraham;

the Book of Mormon.

References:

Josephus

8o ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

against Opion, Book I;

Pearl of Great Price, writings of Moses, pp. from i to 31; Book of Mormon, I Nephi v, 10-13;

also, I Nephi, chapter xiii; "The Gospel,"chapters viii and ix,

VIII.

Faith, part iv;

faith in the Scriptures;

the New Testament;

the manner in which the collection of its books was made;

authenticity;

credibility.

References:

Kitto's Biblical Literature, Art.

Canon of Scripture;

Paley's Evidences of Christianity, part

I, ch. ix; Lardner's Credibility; and "The Gospel,"chapters x, xi, xii.

IX.

Faith, part v;

the existence of God proved by tradition; how the tradition first came into existence; how preserved;

its universality.

References: Doc. and Gov., II Lecture on faith;

Mediation and Atonement, by Prest. John Taylor, see appendix; "The Gospel,"chapter xiii.

X.

Faith, part vi;

the existence of God proved by revelation;

the revelations of God to Adam, Enoch, Brother of Jared, Moses, the children of Israel, John the Baptist, the Apostles, Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon, Oliver Cowdery.

References:

Genesis; Pearl of Great Price (Writings of Moses); Book of Abraham; Exodus xix, XX, xxiv;

Matt, iii and xvii; Book of Ether iii; and III Nephi.

Doc. and Cov., sec, Ixxvi;

also sec. ex, 1-7.

HISTCmY.—ENGLAND, Lecture VIII.

The Plantagenets; 1154 A, D.

to 1422 A. D.

IX.

Henry II and Thomas k Becket;

A. D. to 1170.

X.

Fair Rosamond.

XI.

Richard Cceur de Leon;

1189 A. D. to 1199 A. D.

XII.

The Crusades.

XIII.

John Lackland;

A, D.

to 1216 A. D.

XIV.

Magna Charta;

1215 A. D.

XV.

Henry III;

1216 A. D.

to 1272 A. D, XVI.

Edward (Longshanks);

1272 A. D. to 1307 A, D, XVII.

Edward II;

(First Prince of Wales.) SCIENCE.—JAS, E. TALMAGE.

Lecture VII, Rodents or Gnawing Animals:

Mice and rats;

gophers;

beavers;

squirrels;

prairie-dogs.

VIII, Birds: Shape of birds'body; hollowbones; how the bird digests its food;

feathers;

birds'nests.

Kinds of Birds:

Birds of Prey vultures, eagles, hawks, owls.

Climbing Birds:

woodpeckers, parrots. Scratching Birds: pigeons, domestic fowls. Running Birds:

ostrich.

Perching Birds;

humming birds;

mocking birds.

Water Birds: waders and swimmers.

IX.

Reptiles:

Turtles, Snakes, difference between venomous and non-venomous serpents;

how to treat a snake bite.

Lizards, horned toads, chameleons, crocodiles and alligators.

X.

Amphibians: Animals that live partly in air and partly in water.

Toads and frogs, the young are called tadpoles.

Fishes:

shape of the body; how they breathe, XI.

Insects:

How they grow;

egg stage;

larva stage;

pupa stage;

imago stage.

Bees and wasps, ants, grasshoppers, butterflies, mosquitoes, flies and beetles, spiders.

XII.

Worms:

Land worms, (angle-worms, etc.);

water worms, (leech, etc.); pork worms, (trichina of pork.) Snails:

called moUusks or soft-bodied animals. Sea mollusks;

their beautiful shells.

XIII.

Tiny Creatures:

Small animal remains in chalk;

how corals live;

sponges^ What the microscope shows in the water and air.

CHURCH HISTORY.—GEORGE C. LAMBERT.

Lecture VII.

1830;

first conference; heavenly visions seen by Newel Knight and others;

visit to Colesville;

baptisms;

threats;

persecutions;

driven from Colesville by a mob.

VIII.

1830;

disaffection of Oliver Cowdery and the witnesses;

revelation concerning the sacrament; persecution in Harmony; marvelous preservation on a visit to Colesville; removal to Fayette;

revelatiens from an evil source obtained by Hiram Page by means of a stone;

rebellious feeling resulting, IX.

1830;

second conference;

revelation concerning the Lamanites;

missionaries sent among them;

branch established at Kirtland;

conversion of Sidney Rigdon.

X.

1 831; Orson Pratt's conversion and visit to the Prophet;

visit from Sidney Rigdon and Edward Partridge; prophecy of Enoch revealed;

third conference; revelation to a

Baptist minister; words of the Lord rejected;

the Prophet's removal to Kirtland, XI.

1831;

calling of the first bi.shop;

first Church historian;

first conference in Kirtland;

High Priests first ordained;

removal of the Saints to Jackson County, Missouri;

dedication of the Land of Zion and Temple site,

XII.

1831;

return of Joseph Smith and others to Kirtland; open vision shown to W, W. Phelps;

revelation about cursing of waters;

removal of Prophet's family to Hiram, Ohio;

Booth's apostasy; conference in Hiram; McLellin's failure in trying to write a revelation.

XIII.

1832; Joseph Smith and Sidney Rig don mobbed in Hiram;

second visit of the Prophet to Missouri;

attempt to poison him when returning;

baptism of Brigham Young;

book, of commandments and hymn book printed;

first papers published in the Church; prophecy about the civil war.

CamhinBd Capita] and /IssBts BXCBsd $12, 750, ODD.

Th e HOME Insurancs Company of New York, and Tho PHEENIX Insuranco Company of Hartford, Conn., 15SUB Joint PolicJEs on Mpprovod Proporty in Utah.

HavE paid SovEnty Million JD pilars for Iossbs during tho past Thirty-flvE Ysars.

/IRTHUR E UnC-IL L, Dgpt, GetiI MgBnt, San Francisco, Cal.

HEBER J, GRMNT ^^ CO..

HgBnts, Salt Laks City and OgdBn, Utah.

THE HARTFORD Fire Insurance Company.

ORGANIZED 1794.

BELDEN & COFRAN, Managers, Pacific Department, San Francisco,

Cal.

HEBER J GRANT & CO., Agents Salt Lake City, Utah.

NIAGARA FIRE INSURANCES COMPANY of New York.

CASH CAPITAL, CASH ASSETS, LOSSES PAID, S 500,000 2,237,492 over 12,000,000 J.

S. BLACKWELDER, Manager Western Department, Chiefgo, III.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah GERfflANAMERICAN IHSHRAfiCE COMPANY, ^Ij Casli Capital, S^l Cash Assets, c Surplus, $1,000,000.00 5,285,289.00 3,112,138.00 lJ^^UT^JLrlJTf1J^nJT^lJxrlrulJ^^L^ux^J^xlJln^

E. OELBERMANN, President, JNO.

IV. MURRAY, Vice-President JAMES A. SILVEY, Secretary.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake CJty, Utah.

o<Li¥erpool & London & Globe>« INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.^ Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston, 14,500,000.00 Income in the United States, 1887, 4,114.103.44 Expenditures in the United States, 1887, 3j635.12r.43 CHICAGO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

TORN ORERAR, of Crerar, Adams &

Co., LEVI Z. LETTER, late Field.

Letter & Co., EZRA J. WARNER, of Sprague.

Warner & Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, Ills.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City.

©(Insurance Co.s^ -^17981^- The Oldest Company in America.

^of North America>o Cash Capital, Casli Assets, $3^,000.^ 8,474,351.00 H.

J. GRANT & CO., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

OROANIZED 1S25 Stood the Test of All the Great Fires.

CAPITAL, $400,000.

FIRE ASSETS, $2,890,897, SURPLUS to Policy Holders, $2,007,968.

BROWN. CRAIG CO., ^ ^ pp i^j^p^ H EBER J. GRANT &. CO San Francisco.

-^^^ ^--^ J^ -^^ £alt Lake City.

American Fire -OFASSETS, INCOME, 1888, "^'^EXPENDITURES, 1888, $2,401,956 $1,523,182 TlhiMelBliia. x^ isAmaunvLxi^o, looo, $1,415,773 Y—

UtL^^"^ surplus to policy holders, 911,577 Established /«p''^ Brown,Craig&Co., General Agents, FRANCISCO, CAL.

H.J.Grant&Co., Besident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY.

•*-H>^|^g^» -fc->^-4ig.^^LJ^^^C-^*--»->j^^^H"* ooooooooooooo oooooooooooooo o WHITE & SONS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET LKADINQ KRKSH IvlBAT DKALKRS.

Every description of Fresh and Oared Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE No.

282.

S-A-XiO?

Xj-fitSZE CIOTTr.

o oooooooooooooo ooooooooooooo o t-^ -^[^-S^^J®—s0^^^^ ^^^H-^L^^L"^ (^-H JOHN M. BROWMINQ.

MATT.

8. BKOWMIK* Hl^rautning H^^rus*, Ogden, T7T-A-H. 'ir WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., j^ Guns, Rifles, Pistols.

8& Jftfgd**, "Jsjthll ^eoii, fiikm %u\h »»BMP FOJK CATJULOeVE.* » t <» Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

R. K. THOMAS, JL>J*y;liLirxe;* ^9 Car*i30ts, Olot B^otiootxs.

R. K. THOMAS.

43 & 45 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, tCONPECTIONBBY.Ic iTHEi [_S ii FLIRI EJillLS k:no>?vn xo the trade.

Proprietors of the Fam- £=^—

otj.a Braind of^^=^=^ RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET,

JAUSS A. Hayis, Jamks Murray, Edwin G. Partridge MANUFACTURERS Ladies', Misses'.

Children's, Boys and Youths, L D.YOUNG.

^^T^i^T^^L ''^VlfVJ'i^- AOEHITFORUTAH. '^Jtn.V^J:V>2»»

Philadelphia.

PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF B^OLfc OUH High Patent. Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, W.

South Temple St., SJLXjT T^JtJKL-^ OITY, TJa-'^H:.

John @. ©catlep S* 8po., Always have in Stock a Fine Line of Home Made Suitings, Dress Goods, Flannels and Yarn.

(OIiD COW8TITUTIOW BTTTI^PTTra. V

H. C. ICK^OH 4& OO., MANUFACTURERS OF OPAQUE AND TRANSPARENT SHADE CLOTHS,

AND IMPORTERS OF SCOTCH WINDOW HOLLANDS, JVo. 273 Canal Street, NEW YOltK.

^r-Goods Sold by Z. C. M.

I. and Henry Dinwoodey, Salt Lake City;

Boyle & Co., Ogden.-^ Manufacturers of Combination Fence; "Ift?"'^'''"'•"'»'?^'"ift..'!^rA.^a » per Rod.

This k the Best rarm and Garden Fence Mad* l^a,d.e oaa. Isaca-protred. rF'laaa..

Better t3a.oaa. etaa-jr laaaporteA.

Agents for the Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SE^W^ING MACHINES D.&R.G.

/~i/-\ A -1- t Pleasant Valley 0<^-^^-JL-i COLORADO ANTHRACITE, ml.

p;

^) \ Iron.

^^. L. TVILU^lL^XS, AG^EIVT.

143 S, Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

s Swh'^bWk.^C9''''?oIHA(/o $c machine

LAING & JVLAGINNIS, Intptn'tcrs iiinl Dv.nie.fs in e^vi'i-t/ dpnofiittioit of Sole Agents for the United States for BLAKEY'S BOOT and

SHOE PROTECTORS Anu l^AR.A(3-0>i CASTS *^30 KORTH THIRD STREET «##3PHILADELPHIA, PENNA.-^^ CELEBRATED WATER PROOF GERMAN GRAIN ^ J LEATH ER:^ Z.

C.

M.

L, SOLE AGENTS FOR UTAH.

Lake St., ch'cago TO CONTRACTORS!

The New Era Railroad Builder will build 4-foot Embankments or the Base of large Embankments at a cost of from i^ to 2J cents per cubic yard, and will load wagons at 2J to 3 cents per cubic yard.

\¥hicJi We Stand, Ready to Prove.

5r. (^, G^\J^^\:/VVV s^lo/. (^.^ Send for Pamphlet Showing the Cheapest Methods of Handling Earth to FACTORY—Cor. Carpenter St., and Carroll Ave.,

Mna^aa^g-jg^^m^^raMtfaraa^a CHICAGO, ILL

THE CONTRIBUTOR PREMIDMS.

Three Libraries.

One Hundred Volumes.

GIVEN TO THE Y. M. M.

I. A.

J^ELIEVING the officers of the Associations are generally interested in the welfare of The Contributor, and with a view to stimulating their interest in extending its circulation, we have determined to offer, as special premiums to the Associations, the following carefully selected libraries of choice books.

They form as good a foundation for an Association Library as it is possible for us to suggest, and we are confident that the Associations getting them will be amply repaid for the exertions made to secure them.

I.

Greece, VI.

Norway, II.

Rome, VII.

Spam, III.

The Jews, VIII.

Hungary, IV.

Chaldea, IX.

Carthage.

V.

Germany, X.

The Saracens, LIBRARY NUMBER ONE.—FIFTY VOLUMES—$72.50.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.

I. A. in the Ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions for the Contributor, Volume Ten., April ist, 1889.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS—A series of historical studies, prepared by authors of the highest standing, elegantly printed and illustrated; published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, New

York, comprising the following twenty volumes, at $1.50 each,;^3o.oo XI.

The Moors in Spain, XVI.

Assyria, XII.

The Normans, XVII.

Ireland XIII.

Persia, XVIII.

The Goths, XIV.

Ancient Egypt, XIX.

Turkey, XV.

Alexander's Empire, XX.

Media.

THE NEW PLUTARCH—A beautiful set of biographies containing the lives of those who have made the history of the world, edited by Walter Besant; published by G. P. Putnam's

Sons, New York, eleven volumes, at ^i.oo each, ^11.00.

I.

Abraham Lincoln, V.

Haroun al Raschid, IX.

Victor Emanuel, II.

Coligny, VI.

Sir John Franklin, X.

Marie Antoinette!

III.

Judas Maccabaeus, VII.

Sir RichardWhittington, XI.

Frederick the Great.

IV.

Joan of Arc, VIII.

Martin Luther, LIFE OF COLUMBUS, by Washington Irving, three volumes, at ^i.00 each, ^3.00.

LIFE OF MAHOMET, by Washington Irving, two volumes, at $1.00 each, $2.00.

HISTORY OF ENGLAND, by Lord Macaulay, Harper's Edition, five volumes, at<«i.ooeach Aq.oo

HISTORY OF OUR OWN TIMES, by Justin Macarthy, two volumes, at Jgi.50 each, ^3.c«.

STORIES FOR BOYS, by Edward Everett Hale, five volumes, at ^i.oo each, S5.00,

Stories of Invention, Stories of War.

Stories of Discovery, Stories of the Sea, Stories of Adventure.

BEN HUR, A Story of the Savior, bv Gen. Lew Wallace «i 50 WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY, latest edition, indexed, ^12.00.

LIBRARY NUMBER TWO.—THIRTY VOLUMES-$47.00.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M. I. A., of less than fifty, and more than twenty-five members, in the

Ward, having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to THE Contributor Vol Ten

April 1st, 1889.

STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), twenty volumes, at S1.50, «3o 00

UNCIVILIZED RACES OF THE WORLD—Two volumes, pages, illustrated, and bound in library sheep, at ^4.00 each,;g8.oo.

SAMUEL SMILES'WORKS—Self-Help, Thrift, Character, Dutv—four volumes. «i.oo each. S4.00

PLUTARCH'S LIVES—two volumes, at;$!. 25 each. ^2.50

H [STORIES OF HERODOTUS—two volumes, at ^1.25 each, ^2.50.

LIBRARY NUMBER THREE.—TWENTY VOLUMES-$30.00.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), will be given to the Y. M. M.

I. A. of less than twenty-five members m the ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to.

The Contributor, Volume Ten, April ist, 1889.

CONDITIONS:

The Associations competing for either of these libraries, will be required to certify, by the President and Secretary, to the number of members enrolled on March ist, 1889, and who have actually attended meetmgs during the season.

Subscribers names will be entered upon THE CONTRIBUTOR books, arranged in the wards in which they live; and the awarding of the libraries will be determined by the numbers, as they appear paid up in full April ist 1889.

Officers of the Associations are requested to promote the canvass for subscriptions not only among the members, but throughout their respective wards, as the award of premiums will be made with respect to the number of subscribers, whether they are members of Associations or not. Names should be forwarded through the local agent, or direct to the office, where the olificeis may see the Premium Volumes, and get further information if desired.

J.U/.^ardley, 340 Fir«^t Ea?t, {lalf BlocI^ Worth of Waghiiigton ^quai^e.

TELFPHON£ -IP^T^UieE^ ^VSriOTMThe MuMI Life Insurance Co, of fleW iQ^\, CASH ASSETS, over?120,0i}0,fHHh i^o-cris ^-2-^^v.s, W H.CAMPBELL, Ag.ent at Ogdoi.

DISTRICT MAX^AGER FOR UTAH, ADDRESS:

P.D. B0X24I, SALT LAKE CITY.

I G^O. E, BLAIR, Special Agent.

1889.

Harper's Magazine.

IIvLUSTR'ATED.

1S89, Harper's Weekly.

IIvLUSXRAXED.

Harper's Periodicals.

•PER YEAR.

Harper's Magazine.$4.00 Harper's Weekly...

4.00 Harper's Bazar......

$4.00 Harper's Young People 2.00 Postage Free to all subscribers in the United States, Canada or Mexico.

A^iSi'Address, HARPER BROTHERS, New York.

1HS9.

Harper's Bazar.

IIvLUSXRATED.

1889, Harper's Young People.

An Illustrated Weekly.

^UB£C51BEJJ^EDESEF(E5 f(EU/S.

SEMI-WEEKLY, Enlarged and Greatly Improved, $3.00 a Year.

WEEKLY NEWS, in Magazine form.

$2.50 a Year.

T J /^ A /f 17^ T T T^ A TJ cash assets, &i20,ooo rlUiVill. OF U 1 AJn.

H.J.GraDt& Co., General Agents

JULTLf i u u uTJTJxruinjTjT-rLrLnjTj The Leading Agricultural Implement House of Utah.

f I if [,-i •jUTJuuxruuinJuirLru'ij i. uxi ltu PAID UP CAPITAL, $150,000.

1^ ru nsinnnnim Half Bucex South OF Theatre, Salt Lake Cilf.

acMe Mitchell Bain WAGONS, j^uirLoruiruxruT. SaMSSSSBSSS.

WOOD MACHINES, DEERE PLOWS, RUSSELL & CO.'S MACHINERY.

^CARRIAGES, BDGGIESa ROAD CARTS, HARNESS.

I iuTjTjTjorijinjuTjTJxririnnfUTrut 0pp. 2. C. M I.

A. Cboice Selection, of Groceries, Dry Goods, Boots and Shoes.

TOWN & COUNTRY TRADE SOLICITED.

ALONZO VOUNG, ^4ariager.

SXJBSCORIBE IFOKnmm aii Volume Ten.

Forty Page Magazine Every Month.

The Volume Bound at the end of the year PKUE.

rOlH FUMl. i-AGE STEEL ENGMAriNGs\JXTFriZk, '^Ss'ScS'.

\ m'^'stel^E.fgravinr'of FI^ESIDEIVT BBIOHCAM: YOTJJVO.

This engraving is 19x24 inches, and is not only the finest engraving, but the best portrait ever offered lo the people ofTT'ah.) m^ALL FOR $2.50. "^H THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY, MAIN STREET, Salt Lake City.