June ^\^M ilTLq L I |YIP R DV E M E fl T fl 5 5 D C l/l.T I fJs illSl*^^ pU blishe:q r BY SALT-LAKE-CITY

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1888.

PAGE* Engraving:

Officers of Lieut.-General Wells'Staff

Frontispeue.

The Nauvoo Legion R. W.

Young Science in the Associations, a,.,, Prof. J. E.

Tahnage.

On Studying the EJoctrines of the Church..., John Nicholson A Great Reformer..-, L Home Literature....Orson F.

Whitney Epistle of the General Superinteildency A Course of Reading Junius /•'.

Wells Color of the Seas Editorial:

V. M. M.

I. A. Conference Statistical Report of the V. M. M.

I. A. for the Year endng May 31st, 1888

WHY SHOUIvD YOU ^V^R AgainstYotir 0^v*r:*x lo.dtJLSlrr'ios^

If you askyrur storekeeper to sell our Soaps he'll do it.

Startling 'improvements Have Been > ade in I hem.

kHE^ ^-Thomson ^ Tajloi Spice (Jo.,-* KNOWN TO THE TRADED.

Proprietors of trio Farm v.; quoggg^gg RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAGO.

%,.„PH,.,.„, |0<% In relation to The people of Utah*.

are sensibly malted'-.

In preferlugr those'., made at v,„.'»»""«.»»,, 'km, "H,,,,.,/ Z. C. M. I /2 SALT LAKE CITY.

LOOK FOR THE BRAND.

AMERICA AHEAD!!!

till I I I iki-rin [THE BESTTHREAD forSEWING MACHINES.

Tf I kkl If I f-t II I I V SIX-CORD SPOOL COTTON.

FOR SALE B¥ ALL LEADING DEALERS.

ASK FOR IT! BUY IT!! TRY 1^

HENRY DINWOODEY.

FUfiNITUfift.

Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, *§»f BABY CARRIAGES, SXjEIDS. BRACKETS, MIIRISO^S, TlKTTKIin UK HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

First South St., Salt Lake City.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0908eng

/>mrp ^/ra-S-MK OFFICERS OF IsIFUT. GENERftb "WEbbS'STAFF!

Wbt (Bxiorj of (5o& (a Intellistntt.

Vol.

IX.

JUNE, 1888.

No.

8.

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

N the twenty- eighth of May, 1857, General Winfield Scott issued a circular to the heads of the various bureaus of the War Department, in which he stated that orders had "been despatched in haste for the assemblage of a body of troops at Fort

Leavenworth, to march thence to Utah as soon as assembled."The force, estimated by the general at not less than two thousand five hundred men, was to consist of the second regiment of dragoons, the fifth and tenth regiments of infantry, and Phelps'battery of the fourth artillery.

The concentration of this force began immediately.

The command of the expedition was assigned to Brevet-Brigadier General W.

S. Harney.

In view of the condition of affairs at that time, the expedition can only be viewed in the light of an improvident expenditure of money, and as a serious assault upon the liberties of American citizens, and the good name of a patriotic, religious organization.

The expedition cost, it was variously stated, from twenty to fifty millions of dollars;

at a time, too, when such a draw upon the treasury, as President Buchanan afterwards stated in a special message to Congress, was a very serious matter.

Let us pause for a moment to inquire why this army was sent at such enormous expense, and to such a distance, where its support after arrival, would continue to be very expensive.

Certain things were alleged against Brigham Young and the Mormons, which, if true, did not, in any instance constitute the fact of rebellion.

Upon the statement that the Mormons had murdered Captain Gunnison, when he was regarded with affection by the whole people;

that they had murdered Judge Shaver, whom they considered as one of the honorable men of the earth;

that they had treated certain Federal officers with contempt, whom no Christian community would have treated differently;

that they had burned the court records, afterwards certified to be complete, by Governor Cumming—upon such false accusations, and without investigation of these charges made upon the authority of witnesses whom the eastern press characterized as prejudiced, the administration, 'saw fit, for some reason, to march twenty-four hundred men twelve hundred miles into the wilderness.

But if an investigation of charges against the friendless Mormons was deemed to be a matter of no consequence in the beginning and upon their reiterated petitions and representations, such an investigation, afterwards, when the press and the people expressed their views in language that the administration could not resist, was accorded. And the investigation resulted then, as in the nature of things it could not have resulted differently if instituted, as it should have been, before sending the troops, in demonstrating the utter folly of the expedition.

And if ever history does justice to the Mormons; if ever that

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

same careful discrimination is shown in treating those events in which they figure, as is shown in the historical treatment of the history of other peoples, the "Mormon Rebellion"will be known as "Buchanan's Folly."A month after the orders were issued for the assemblage of the troops, the following letter was addressed to Gen.

Harney, by Colonel Lay, aide-de-camp to Gen. Scott:

Headquarters of the Army, New York, June 39, 1857.

Sir.—The letter which I addressed to you in the name of the general-in-chief, on the twentyeighth ultimo;

his circular to the chiefs of staff departments, same date;

his general orders, No.

8, current series, and another now in press, have indicated your assignment to the command of an expedition to Utah Territory, and the preparatory measures to be taken.

The general-in-chief desires me to add in his name the following instructions, prepared in concert with the War Department, and sanctioned by its authority whenever required.

The community, and, in part, the civil government of Utah Territory are in a state of substantial rebellion against the laws and authority of the United States.

A new civil governor is about to be designated, and to be charged with the establishment and maintenance of law and order.

Your able and energetic aid, with that of the troops to be placed under your command, is relied on to insure the success of his mission.

The principles by which you should be guided have been already indicated in a somewhat similar case, and are here substantially repeated.

If the Governor of the Territory, finding the ordinary course of judicial proceedings of the power vested in the United States marshals and other proper officers inadequate for the preservation of the public peace and the due execution of the laws, shall make requisition upon you for a military force to aid him as & posse comitatus in the performance of that official duty, you are hereby directed to employ for that purpose the whole or such part of your command as may be required; or should the governor, the judges, or marshals of the Territory find it necessary directly to summon a part of your troops to aid either in the performance of his duties, you will take care that the summons be promptly obeyed.

And in no case will you, your officers or men, attack any body of citizens whatever, except on such requisition or summons, or in sheer self defence.

In executing this delicate function of the military power of the United States, the civil responsibility will be upon the governor, the judges and marshals of the Territory.

While you are not to be, and cannot be subjected to the orders, strictly speaking, of the governor, you will be responsible for a jealous, harmonious and thorough co-operation with him on frequent and full consultation, and will conform your action to his requests and views in all cases where your military judgment and prudence do not forbid, nor compel you to modify, in execution, the movements he may suggest.

No doubt is entertained that your conduct will fully meet the moral and professional responsibilities of your trust, and justify the high confidence already reposed in you by the government.

The lateness of the season, the dispersed condition of the troops, and the smallness of the numbers available, have seemed to present elements of difficulty, if not hazard, in this expedition.

But it is believed that these may be compensated by unusual care in its outfit and great prudence in its conduct.

All disposable recruits have been reserved for it.

So well is the nature of this appreciated, and so deeply are the honor and interests of the United States involved in its success, that I am authorized to say the government will hesitate at no expense requisite to complete the efficiency of your little army, and to insure health and comfort to it as far as attainable.

Hence, in addition to the liberal orders for its supply heretofore given—and it is known that ample measures with every confidence.of success, have been dictated by the chiefs of staff departments here—a large discretion will be made over to you in the general orders for the movement.

The employment of spies, guides, interpreters or laborers may be made to any reasonable extent you may think desirable.

The prudence expected of you requires that you should anticipate resistance general, organized and formidable, at the threshold, and shape your movements as if they were certain, keeping the troops well massed and in hand when approaching expected resistance.

Your army will be equipped, for a time, at least, as a self-sustaining machine.

Detachments will, therefore, not be lightly hazarded and you are warned not to be betrayed into premature security or over confidence.

A small but sufficient force must, however, move separately from the main column, guarding the beef cattle and such other supplies as you may think would too much encumber the march of the main body.

The cattle may require to be marched more slowly than the troops, so as to arrive in Salt Lake Valley in good condition, or they may not sur-

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

vivethe inclemency and scarcity of sustenance of the winter.

This detachment, though afterwards to become the rear guard, may, it is hoped, be put in route before the main body, to gain as much time as possible before the latter passes it.

The general-in-chief suggests thnt feeble animals, of draught and cavalry, should be left ten or twelve days behind the main column, at

Fort Laramie, to recruit and follow.

It should be a primary object on arriving in the valley, if the condition of things permit, to procure not only fuel, but materials for hutting the troops.

Should it be too late for the latter purpose, or should such employment of the troops be unsafe or impracticable, the tents (of

Sibley's pattern) furnished will, it is hoped, afford a sufficient shelter.

It is not doubted that a surplus of provisions and forage, beyond the wants of the resident population, will be found in the valley of Utah; and that the inhabitants, if assured by energy and justice, will be ready to sell them to the troops.

Hence no instructions are given you for the extreme event of the troops being in absolute need of such supplies and their being withheld by the inhabitants.

The necessities of such an occasion would furnish the law for your guidance.

Besides the stated reports required by regulations, special reports will be expected from you, at the headquarters of the army, as opportunity may offer.

The general-in-chief desires to express his best wishes, official and personal, for your complete success and added reputation.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully your obedient servant, George W. Lay, Lieutenant Colonel, Aid-de-Camp.

Brevet-Brigadier- General W. S. Harney,

Commanding etc., Ft. Leavenworth, K. T.

Meanwhile, preparations went forward or the movement of the troops as rapidly, as in the nature of things it was possible.

The companies were widely separated, and even after concentration at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, the necessity of awaiting recruits, and of making the arrangements necessary to the movement of such a large expedition so many miles into the wilderness, with the probability of their being overtaken by an early winter, rendered progress necessarily slow.

General Scott issued orders that the requisitions of the commanding officer of the expedition, to the officers of the departments of supply, should be complied with, without the usual formality of reference to higher authority.

The expedition was deemed to be of such importance and the immediate execution of its objects so necessary that carte blanche in the matter of expenditure was freely extended.

On the 18th of July, 1857, eight companies of the Tenth Infantry and the entire Fifth regiment, infantry, left Fort.

Leavenworth, under the immediate command of Colonel E. B. Alexander of the

Tenth. The march to Fort Kearney, two* hundred and ninety-five miles was entirely uneventful, the troops arriving there in good condition, in nineteen days, having averaged fifteen and a half miles per day.

The two remaining companies of the Tenth infantry, which had not reached Leavenworth in time to start with the body of the regiment, arrived at that point a few weeks later, and, with as little delay as possible, started on its toilsome march. The dragoons, the second regiment, were unable to start until the 16th of September, and then with only six companies.

These were under command of Lieut. Colonel Philip

St. George Cooke, the commander of the Mormon battalion, in the Mexican war, and had, under escort, Governor Cumming and other newly appointed federal officials for the Territory.

General Harney, selected probably because of his experience on the frontier and as an Indian fighter, to command the expedition, was, on the threatening of renewed disturbances in Kansas, relieved from the command, and Colonel Albert Sidney Johnston substituted in his place.

Colonel Johnston, upon receipt of his appointment, which was dated August 29th, hastened to comply with the provisions of the orders communicated to him.

After seeing the dragoons under Colonel Cooke, started, on the sixteenth, he, in company with his staff, including Brevet Major Fitz John Porter, left the following day, with the hope of reaching his destination, the

Valley of Salt Lake, in thirty-five days.

Colonel Johnston was escorted by forty men of the dragoons, all carried in light spring wagons, to insure the more rapid movement of the party.

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

General Harney had suggested to General Scott the advisability of sending forward to Salt Lake City a discreet staff officer, to ascertain whether forage and fuel could be contracted for, and to take the initial steps for the establishment of a post.

The officer selected for this duty, was Captain and Assistant Quartermaster Stewart Van Vliet, who left Fort Leavenworth, July 28th, 1857, reaching Fort Kearney in nine days, Fort Laramie in ten, and Salt Lake City in thirty-three and a half, exclusive of detentions for several days, due to various accidents to his transportation.

Captain Van Vliet met many people along the journey, all of whom informed him that he would not be allowed to enter Utah, and would probably lose his life, if he endeavored to do so; but he treated this as idle talk, and took no further precaution than to leave his escort at Harris'Fork, one hundred and forty-three miles from the city, to which place he proceeded alone and without molestation.

On the evening of the arrival, he notified Governor Young that he desired an interview, which was appointed for the next day.

The same evening, the Governor and a number of the leading men of the city, called upon

Captain Van Vliet, who stated that the Governor received him cordially and treated him, during his stay, with great hospitality and kindness.

In the course of the interview, Captain Van Vliet represents the Governor to have stated that "the Mormons had been persecuted, murdered, and robbed in Missouri and Illinois, both by the mob, and State authorities, and that now the United States were about to pursue the same course, and that, therefore, he and the people of Utah had determined to resist all persecution at the commencement, and that the troops now on the march for Utah, should not enter the Great Salt Lake Valley."A determition several times expressed during the captain's stay, and concurred in most heartily by those present.

The governor informed Captain Van Vliet that while there was an abundance of everything the latter required for the troops, nothing would be sold them.

When reminded that the government would send troops another season sufficient to overcome all resistance, if the handful then on the march, were prevented from coming in, the reply invariably received was:

"We are aware that such will be the case; but when those troops arrive, they will find Utah a desert.

Every house will be burned to the ground, every tree cut down, and every field laid waste.

We have three years provisions on hand, which we will 'cache,'and then take to the mountains, and bid defiance to all the powers of the government."

Captain Van Vliet, in his report, says:

"From all these facts I am forced to the conclusion that Governor Young and the people of

Utah will prevent, if possible, the army for Utah from entering their Territory this season.

This, in my opinion, will not be a difficult task, owing to the lateness of the season, the smallness of our force, and the defences that nature has thrown around the valley of the

Great Salt Lake.

There is but one road running into the valley on the side which our troops are approaching, and for over fifty miles it passes through narrow canyons and over rugged mountains which a small force could hold against great odds.

I am inclined, however, to believe that the Mormons will not resort to actual hostilities until the last moment.

Their plan of operations will be to burn the grass, cut up the roads, and stampede the animals, so as to delay the troops until snow commences to fall, which will render the road impassable."

Captain Van Vliet examined the country in the vicinity of the city with the view of selecting the site for a post.

Rush Valley he found to be unsuitable;

but spoke highly of a point on the road to Rush Valley, about three miles north of Tooele City.

The captain returned to his train, and subsequently to Fort

Leavenworth, where he appears to have been stationed for some time.

Captain Van Vliet was much esteemed by the Mormon people, for his gentlemanly and just treatment of them.

On the first of August, two herds of beef cattle, which were moving ahead of the column of troops, were surprised about thirty miles west of Fort Kearney by a band of Cheyenne Indians.

The

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

drovers, of whom there were nineteen, succeeded in escaping with the exception of one, who was killed;

but the cattle, eight hundred and twenty-four in* number, and the mules and horses of the party, were driven off. The garrison at Fort Kearney being entirely composed of infantry, singularly enough, was unable to do anything to rescue the stolen cattle, a fact which caused the proper military officers to renew recommendations, which seem to have been made before, that some mounted troops be stationed at this Fort, for the protection of the toiail, of emigrants and others from the depredations of the Indians.

The troops moved along, in the midst of grass, with pleasant weather as a rule, to comfort them, arriving at Fort Laramie, six hundred and twenty-five miles from Leavenworth, in the first week of September.

The battalion of two companies of the Tenth Infantry, under Lieutenant Colonel C.

F. Smith, arrived two weeks later, and the dragoons under Colonel Cooke, not until about the twentieth of October, and Colonel Johnston arrived at that post on the fifth of October.

After leaving Fort Laramie, the march of the troops was far less satisfactory and less pleasant than it had been.

The grass was not plentiful, the draught animals became unserviceable in large numbers, and the frosts and light snows announced the approach of winter. The expedition moved on, however, and in due time reached Ham's Fork, which is a tributary of Black Fork, which is in turn, a tributary of Green River.

From a point on the stream first named about fifteen miles above its junction with Black Fork, Colonel Alexander wrote in the month of October, that the eight companies of the Tenth Infantry, the Fifth Infantry under Colonel Waite, and

Phelps'and Reno's batteries, were encamped at that place, having arrived respectively on the twenty-eighth of September, the fourth of October, the twenty-ninth of September and the fourth of October.

Colonel Alexander reported from here the receipt of communications from Governor Young and Lieutenant General Daniel H. Wells.

The latter simply forwarded, through the Quartermaster

General of the Territory, Lewis Robison, the letter of Governor Young, together with a copy of the laws of Utah of 1856-57, containing the Organic Act.

The governor referred to that provision of the Oaganic Act which vested the executive power of the Territory in a governor, who "shall hold office for four years, and until his successor shall be appointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by the President of the United

States;"and by virtue of this authority directed the commanding officer of the troops to withdraw his forces from the Territory forthwith, or if impracticable, to remain encamped during the winter at Black Fork of Green River, depositing their arms and ammunition with General Robison.

"Should you fall short of provisions,"wrote the Governor, "they can be furnished you upon making the proper applications therefor."To this Colonel Alexander replied in substance that the troops being there by order of the President, their future movements must depend entirely upon the orders of competent military authority.

The day following the departure from

Great Salt Lake City of Captain Von Vliet, the Governor issued the following proclamation, a copy of which was forwarded to the approaching army, and was in turn sent on to Colonel Johnston by Colonel Alexander:

PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.

Citizens of Utah:

We are invaded by a hostile force, who are evidently assailing us to accomplish our overthrow and destruction.

For the last twenty-five years we have trusted officials of the government, from constables and justices to judges, governors and presidents, only to be scorned, held in derision, insulted, and betrayed.

Our houses have been plundered, and then burned, our fields laid waste, our principal men butchered while under the pledged faith of the government for their safety, and our families driven from their homes, to find that shelter in the barren wilderness, and that protection among hostile savages, which were denied them in the

THE NAUVOO LEGION.

boasted abodes of Christianity and civilization.

The constitution of our common country guarantees unto us all that we do now, or have ever claimed.

If the constitutional rights which pertain to us, as American citizens, were extended to Utah, according to the spirit and meaning thereof, and fairly and impartially administered, it is all that we could ask;

all that we have ever asked.

Our opponents have availed themselves of prejudice existing against us, because of our religious faith, to send out a formidable host to accomplish our destruction.

We have had no privilege or opportunity of defending ourselves from the false, foul and unjust aspersions against us before the nation.

The government has not condescended to cause an investigating committee, or other person, to be sent to inquire into and ascertain the truth, as is customary in such cases.

We know these aspersions to be false; but that avails us nothing.

We are condemned unhe ird, and forced to an issue with an armed mercenary mob, which has been sent against us at the instigation of anonymous letter writers, ashamed to father the base, slanderous falsehoods which they have given to the public;

of corrupt officials, who have brought false accusations against us to screen themselves in their own infamy; and of hireling priests and howling editors, who prostitute the truth for filthy lucre's sake.

The issue which has thus been forced upon us compels us to resort to the great first law of self-preservation, and stand in our own defense, a right guaranteed to us by the genius of the institutions of our country, and upon which the government is based.

Our duty to ourselves, to our families, requires us not to tamely submit to be driven and slain, without an attempt to preserve ourselves; our duty to our country our holy religion, our God, to freedom and liberty, requires that we should not quietly stand still and see those fetters forging around us, which are calculated to enslave, and bring us in subjection to an unlawful military despotism, such as can only emanate, in a country of consti'utional law, from usurpation, tyranny and oppression.

Therefore, I, Brigham Young, governor and superintendent of Indian affairs for the Territory of Utah, in the name of the people of the

United States, in the Territory of Utah, forbid:

First—All armed forces of every description from coming into this Territory, under any pretence whatever.

Second—That all the force in said Territory hold themselves in readiness to march at a moments notice to repel any and all such invasion.

Third—Martial law is hereby declared to exist in this Territory from and after the publication of this proclamation, and no person shall be allowed to pass or repass into or through or from this Territory without a permit from the proper officer.

Given under my hand and seal, at Great Salt Lake City, Territory of Utah, this fifteenth day of September, A.

D.

eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and of the independence of the United States of America, the eighty-second.

[SEAL.] Brigham Young, The position of the army, rendered most discouraging by the cold and snow of a high altitude, with little or* no forage for their animals, was made still more disconsolate by the burning, on the fifth of October, by a detachment of the Utah militia, of two trains of government stores, on the Green River, and one on the Big Sandy, the latter also containing a few wagons belonging to Mr.

Terry, the sutler of the Tenth

Infantry.

The following is a list of the government stores destroyed:

List of subsistence stores in supply trains (Russell and Waddell's) Nos. j, o, and 10, burned by the Mormons at Green River, Utah, in the. night of October 4, 1857:

No. of Rations.

2,720 pounds ham.

92,700 pounds bacon 11 5,^75 167,900 pounds flour 149,244 270 bushels beans 108,000 8,580 pounds Rio coffee 143,000 330 pounds Java coffee.

1,400 pounds crushed sugar.

2,970 gallons vinegar 297,000 800 pounds sperm candles 80,000 13.333 pounds soap 333-325 84 gallons of molasses.

134 bushels dried peaches.

68,832 rations dessicated vegetables.

705 pounds tea 5^,875 7,781 pounds hard bread 7,781 6 lanterns.

H, F.

Clarke, Capt. and C. S., U. S. A.

Made from bills of lading, October 10, 1857, Richard W.

Young.

The innocence of the intention abates nothing of the mischief of the example.

—Robert Hall.

SCIENCE IN THE ASSOCIATIONS.

SCIENCE IN THE ASSOCIATIONS.* The first word of the title given to this address, is capable of inspiring a degree of awe, at times, in the breasts of many.

It is thought by them to have for its dominion the realm of the unknown, if not, indeed, of the unknowable; to deal with the strange, the incomprehensible and the mystic.

Its very language is regarded as weird and foreign, intelligible only to its ardent devotees and its enthusiastic disciples.

In fact, however, the term science, in its truest and fullest application, designates the exact opposite to all of this;

it means by its very derivation, fact and truth, such as has been classified, collated and proved.

It has reference to those truths, indeed, which are most fully known and are farthest removed from the borders of the uncertain and the speculative.

Such is the nature of pure, unadulterated scientific knowledge; anything other than this is but pseudo-science, untrue to its name, false to its nature, and of necessity, pernicious in its effects.

In a strictly technical sense then, the domain of science is co-extensive with that of human attainment and mental growth;

everything that is known may be brought within its pale, but in its more popular and ordinary acceptation, it is understood to signify knowledge relating to the objects and phenomena of nature, and the application of such knowledge to practicable ends through human instrumentality.

It is this latter sense in which I would speak of science this evening.

In the pursuit of such information, we traverse the field of created things; are brought thereby in close communion with the results of the labors of the great Jehovah; and are taught to read in however blind and imperfect a manner, the thoughts which actuated Him in His almighty plans.

But I am imformed that the effects of such training are evil; as scientific knowledge, and an irreverence for the Deity, * Lecture by Prof. J. E. Talmage, delivered at the Y. M. M.

I. A. Conference, June 2, 1888.

or perhaps a total disbelief in the existence of a divine creator go hand in hand through the world to-day.

Yes;

I am assured that the scientist, he whose life is devoted to spelling through laborious mazes the wonderful sentences of the book written by. an Omniscient finger, learns by that very study to -doubt the being of the author, and to regard the volume itself with all its truths, as a thing of accident and of chance.

Such a conclusion is nothing short of an utter darkening of reason—"that heaven lighted lamp in man."

We are willing to bestow our earthly homage without stint upon one whose works deserve such praise, and we think ourselves just and wise in so doing.

We estimate human capacity and ability solely by its exercise and the results produced. We wander with delight through the corridors of some great museum of art, and gaze rapturously upon the shapely blocks of carved marble and sculptured stone exhibited there, and our thoughts are carried with something of adoration in their flight to the names of Phidias Pericles and Angelo, those mighty masters of the chisel and mallet.

We know that but for skill such as theirs such wonders of art could never have been.

We look with ecstasy though but once in our lives upon the canvas that speaks of the Crucifixion, or the Transfiguration, or as we contemplate the beatific resignation expressed in the face of Madonna, and ever afterward the name of

Raphael is deified in our mind.

The rolling measures of "Paradise Lost,"and the entrancing rhythm of the songs of patience and of peace, or the affecting strains of the tales of passion and of strife excite our devotion at the shrines of Milton and of Longfellow and of Scott; of "Sweetest Shakspeare, fancy's child"and others of that kin.

We recline on seats of velvet and are drawn by horses of iron and brass, whose breath is steam, whose food is fire, and we think reverently of the genius of a

2 88 SCIENCE IN THE ASSOCIATIONS.

Stevenson or a Watt.

The electric glare carries with it admiration for the achievements of Volta, Galvani, Brush and Edison.

Mankind bestows its praise upon the deserving; and yet it is asserted in spite of this trait. of human character, that the study of the great results of a

Creator's labors, has a tendency toward an irreverence if not a positive denial of the Master's hand.

What are our greatest humait achievements but imitations and copies?

Where would be the labors of a sculptor or a painter if they were without a model.

The copy cannot surpass the original, the execution cannot supersede the ideal.

The marble block under the artist's skillful touch may be made to take a semblance to a thing of life—but is the likeness even skin deep?

Beneath the surface of the block the stone* is still uncut and unpolished—and.withal, throughout it is but stone.

How far then is it below the living mould!

Yet to assert that the study of a sculptured bust, or a painted head would lead the pupil to a disbelief in the existence and exercise of an organizing power and a master's skill would be to argue for the absurd.

No, no;

it is unreal, illogical, preposterous to say that a careful and proper study of the works of God can in any degree detract from His praise and glory.

To learn to walk "through nature up to nature's God"is to come nearer though but a trifle, to the bright effulgence of His presence, and in such light, no mind but that of the fool, whose eyes are resolutely closed to the brilliancy of his surroundings, can say in itself "there is no God."

Science, if properly taught in our associations, cannot fail to add to the testimony and devotion of the members.

If false science be taught it will tend to lead astray.

A very proper question is, ''How may success be acquired and danger avoided?"See that a clear line of distinction be drawn between fact and theory.

Truth is of divine origin; theories are man made.

I would urge that no discussion of the latter be introduced under the name of science in our associations.

Theories are invented to explain mysteries, and they do so oftentimes mysteriously, and mysteries are not easily assimilated in the human mind.

To the members of the associations I would say, for the present, let us leave such matters alone, and deal only with the things about us.

To be informed upon the things with which we are personally brought in contact is the characteristic of a useful education.

Some day By experience taught, the mind will learn,

That not to know at large of things

Remote from use, obscure and subtle,

But that which before us lies in daily life

Is the prime wisdom.

It is natural for the human mind to seek for a solution of the problems presented to it.

And the book of nature is filled with such problems; of problems so abstruse that they cannot be read aright except under the direct instruction of the Great Teacher through His voice of inspiration and revelation.

None but the inspired traveler can pick his way successfully through the tangled undergrowth of half-discovered truth, mixed and mingled with theory and fancy, as it is to-day in what we call "Science."The lines of the poet can be appreciated only by him who has something of the poetic principle within his soul;

the composer's grandest efforts are without effect upon ears that are closed—so too the words of a prophet are comprehended in their fullness only by the assistance of the spirit of the prophets; and the meaning of the great

Creator is understood by those alone upon whom the light of his power is resting at the time of their investigation and study.

Again, whenever the voice of the divine law giver is heard, let other tongues be forthwith silenced, from our minds let every idea be effaced which is found to be in conflict with the words of

God as spoken through revelation.

And it is clear that the teachings of revealed truth are ahead of those of human wisdom in all things.

There is a pretty story told by navigators, and one with a broad foundation of fact.

It is said that a little fish, called the pilot fish, is nearly always found accompanying

SCIENCE IN THE ASSOCIATIONS.

the monster fishes of the seas, especially the powerful shark. The little pilot goes ahead of its unwieldy follower and leads him into safe depths and away from treacherous inlets or shallow bars.

If the two come to the mouth of a stream, the shark remains at the entrance while the little guide explores the region, to discover if it is safe for the huge creature to venture in;

and as long as the latter will follow the direction of its trustworthy leader it is comparatively secure from the dangers ofstranding or running ashore.

I once saw a huge shark dying upon a shallow flat in the Chesapeake Bay, through its endeavors to force its way"ahead independently of the pilot guide. To my mind, human knowledge, or philosophy, as we delight to call it, is aptly comparable to the fish of monstrous bulk, unable to move safely among the quicksands of purely human thought and action, unless it conscientiously follows the pilot of inspired truth.

Let it but once forsake its guide and the dangers besetting its course, are many times increased.

Before the prophet, with his heaven-given powers, the philosopher cannot stand.

The inspired words of the prophet aie truth, those of the purely human thinker are too often theory and fancy only.

The former are always to be accepted; the latter maybe right, but should be held provisionally until substantiated.

And great have been the promises of an All-wise Instructor, that in due time, the wisdom of His faithful pupils shall be enlarged so as to encompass the unknown heights and depths of space;

and all the things of earth.

A wise man is willing to wait for a correct answer to his inquiries, rather than be content with some hastily-drawn conclusion, bearing with it the likelikood of wrong.

There are indeed many marked effects produced by scientific study upon the mind.

It puts the student in closer communion with the objects of nature, and teaches him to read the lessons of things.

And as with all other knowledge, this is of use only so far as it teaches man to seek and to obtain higher things.

Knowledge may be shut up within the mind, like the miser's wealth in his vaults, and give to the mental and spiritual nature no development but in the direction of pride and arrogance.

Scientific information will prove of permanent value only so far as it serves as oil to feed the flame of thought within the sacred shrine of the human mind.

It is not enough that the pupil learns that plants have rootsi stems, leaves and flowers, nor that he studies the minutest structures of each of these; he must recognize the wonderful adaptation of part to part, and organ to organ; and then he will not fail to see that nothing short of an Almighty mind could have designed and executed such wondrous harmony of plan and purpose.

He must learn thereby to recognize more clearly his position relative to the rest of

God's great work; that He has care for the lilies and the sparrows, the insects and the beasts, and that the hairs upon his own head are numbered and known.

To such a one, a flower is more than a flower; it is an embodiment of providential care, of surpassing wisdom, of design and of reason.

But to another, who remains wilfully deaf to the voice of nature such helps to his devotions are denied.

A primrose on the river's brim

A yellow primrose is to him, And it is nothing more.

Judicious instruction in science will furnish the young with a never-failing source of mental food, and thereby the mind will be more fully occupied.

And this alone should be reason sufficient for its introduction into our associations* To be educated is to know how to think, and the greatest hindrance to systematic and proper thought is the practice of indulging frivolous fancy, castle building and his dreams in spare moments.

The human mind thrives only by proper and judicious use.

There is a fire-fly in the southern clime

Which shineth only when upon the wing.

So it is with the mind, When once we rest, we darken.

There is too much to be learned, to justify indolence or thoughtlessness: and from the commonest objects oftentimes

SCIENCE IN THE ASSOCIATIONS.

the deepest lessons may be learned. We are told to be in league with the stones of the field, and the beasts of the earth are yet to be at peace with us.

The field bearing scientific products being so boundless in fact, there is a very great necessity of a careful selection of subjects for treatment in the meetings of the associations.

Short lectures or essays can profitably be prepared and delivered or read by the members, on common, and therefore necessarily interesting topics.

In giving such exercises an attempt should be made to render the treatment as intelligible as possible by the aid of natural objects, pictures or other illustrations, and for this purpose the ordinary school text books to which access is easy, can be turned to good service.

I would respectfully suggest a list of subjects, informally arranged for such study; though without any recommendation that they should be considered in the order presented here. A wide range is given from which selections can be made to suit the special needs of any association.

I Natural Objects.

These may be considered under the natural divisions of 1 Rocks, Plants, j Animals and 4 Man.

1 Rocks.—a. Common Rocks, b. Soils.

Plants.—a.

Roots, b.

Flowers, c.

Leaves, d. How Plants Grow, e. How Plants Feed.

3 Animals.—a.

Insects, b. Reptiles, c.

Fishes, d. Birds, e. Mammals.

4 Man.—a.

Bones, b.

Muscles and Muscular Exercise, c. Skin and the Care of the same, d. Necessity of Cleanliness of the Skin, e. Why and How we Breathe, f.

Pure and Impure Air, g. How We Feel, h. How we Hear and See, i. How we Taste and Smell, j. Food, Good and

Bad, k. Effects of Alcoholic Drinks on the System, /.

Effects of Tobacco, m.

The Blood, n. The Word of Wisdom.

II Natural Phenomena.

1. Of the Earth, including Air, Land and Water.

11.

Of the Heavens.

1.—Of the Earth.

1.

Air.—a. Winds, b. Clouds, c. Rain, Hail and Snow, d. Thunder and Lightning.

2. land.—a. Contortions of the Earth's

Crust, b. Mountain Formations, c.

Volcanoes.

3.

Water.—a.

Rivers, b.

Lakes, c.

Waves and Currents, d. Springs.

11.

Ofthe Heavens, a. Day and Night, b.

The Seasons, c. The Sun, d. The Moon, e. Eclipses.

Nothing has been attempted in this classification further than to survey the field.

As to details, it is understood to be the intention of the general authorities of the Improvement Associations to furnish, through the columns of The Contributor, notes and suggestions as to the mode of study, and references to works from which the desired information can be obtained.

I venture to repeat the earnest suggestion that whenever practicable lectures should be illustrated.

Herein lies one great advantage of the study of nature—the student learns to think independently of books—he discovers that books follow the knowledge of man as a result.

Let these studies, too, be pursued by the aid of the lamp of prayer and earnest endeavor.

Let us strive to become wise rather than simply learned.

Of science it is strikingly true, that

Knowledge and wisdom, far from being one,

Have ofttimes no connection. Knowledge dwells

In heads replete with thoughts of other men,

Wisdom in minds attentive to their own.

Knowledge is a rude unprofitable mass The mere materials with which wisdom builds,

Till smoothed, and squared and fitted to its place,

Does but encumber whom it seems to enrich, Knowledge is proud that he has learned so much,

Wisdom is humble that it knows no more.

In conclusion, let it be said that science is undoubtedly entitled to a place in the curriculum of Association studies;

it should have its right, but at the expense of nothing else that is good.

Among our young people I consider scientific knowledge as second in importance only to that knowledge that pertains to the Church and Kingdom of God; such information is of greatest worth to us, because of greatest use.

It is superior to science, to art, to literature.

Nature

ON STUDYING THE DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH.

as we study it, is but the temple of the Almighty—wonderful, imposing, aweinspiring structure though it is, and the duty of science is to conduct us through the portals, and lead us to the altar where we will acknowledge, with reverential sincerity, "In Him we live and move and have our being."ON STUDYING THE DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH.

The subject that has been given to your humble servant to treat upon this afternoon is entitled, How to Study the

Doctrines of the Church.

After having listened to the eloquent lectures and discourses which have been delivered in this house, since the commencement of this great conference, I have felt some regret that I have not more amply prepared myself for the discharge of this duty.

I, however, dismiss this feeling, as it is not altogether dissociated from selfishness, which

I desire, under all circumstances, to discard.

I simply wish to offer a few suggestions that I hope will be of use to the

Mutual Improvement Associations in a practical sense.

I have long recognized the need of some simple process, or system, that would enable the young of the community to pursue a course of study that would make ihem, in the shortest time possible, conversant with the principles of the Gospel of the Redeemer.

I assert it to be the duty of every youth within the pale of the Church, to place himself in a position that will enable him, whenever occasion shall demand it, to give an intelligent reason for the hope that is in him.

In connection with this question, there is an important reason that has been touched upon by those who have preceded me, and has been specially mentioned in the address of the Superintendency, that has just been read—the magnitude of the work that devolves upon this community of Saints, the burden of which must necessarily and naturally devolve upon the younger element of the people.

It is no less a *Lecture by John Nicholson, delivered at the

Y. M. M.

I. A. Conference, June 3d, 1888.

labor than the proclamation of the Gospel of the Kingdom in all the world, as a witness, that in passing judgment upon the nations, the Lord may be justified.

There should be a preparation for the discharge of this duty, commensurate with its vastness.

It is the greatest work ever imposed upon any people.

There are now fourteen hundred millions of God's creatures on the face of the earth entitled to hear the proclamation that has been revealed from heaven in this day.

This, of itself, gives a commensurate idea of the scope of the obligation involved.

Having spent a number of years in the ministry, I have suffered personally from ignorance;

especially when at the outset I undertook, at the call of the servants of God, the performance of this great duty.

I have seen bands of young Elders who have left their homes in the mountains, arrive at the port of Liverpool, and have been present when they attended their first meeting abroad, and, perhaps for the first time, endeavored to address a public audience and explain the nature of their message. Many of the scenes have been of a humiliating character, because of the inability of some of them to perform the task that they had undertaken.

I remember one scene, that comes up before my mind vividly now, when perhaps a dozen Elders came into a meeting, the first of their mission.

The bench on which they sat rattled on the floor, because of their trembling, so great was their anxiety, as they awaited their turn, to be called upon to speak.

There was one who appeared to have more confidence than the rest.

He arose with great assurance.

When he undertook to address the small audience that had gathered in a small room, everything that he had thought of vanished lrom

ON STUDYING THE DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH.

his mind—and he had not probably thought of much either.

He told me afterwards that, although the room was but a few feet in length, it seemed to him to be at least three miles long.

He stood with his mind a perfect blank; but he recollected having heard the

Elders, in the old Tabernacle, say when they arose to speak, "Brethren and sisters, I hope I will edify you;"and, after a brilliant pause, he said, "I guess I won't say any more,"—for the reason that he hadn't any more to say.

It is needless to state that the congregation, in that instance, were not edified by him to any appreciable extent.

In my opinion, in pursuing the study of the doctrines of the Church, there should be a method'that will cultivate that class of ability that will enable those who pursue the study, to explain to others the information they acquire.

Public speaking should be cultivated largely in this community, because it is by that medium that we reach the people, when we do not reach them through the printing press.

Now, what are the main essentials for a preacher of the Gospel?

He should, in the first place, have his mind stored with a knowledge of the doctrines he is sent to deliver.

It is said in the Scriptures, "How shall they hear without a preacher, and how shall they preach except they be sent."I will add a little more, and say, How shall they preach except they know what to preach about.

Therefore, a prerequisite to the success of the preacher is that he should be possessed of the required information, and, secondly, that he should gain the necessary experience to enable him to communicate it to others; thirdly, and principally, he should possess the spirit of God, for without it he is as dry as a chip.

There are some people who have, in my opinion, a mistaken idea regarding the function of that Spirit in reference to the preaching of the Gospel.

It is somewhat the same as the delusion that possessed the mind of Oliver Cowdery, who desired of the Lord that he should have a similar power to that which was entrusted to the Prophet Joseph Smith the gift of translation.

The Lord informed him that he did not exercise the gift, because he imagined he could do so without the use of his mental powers.

He should have studied it out, and if it was correct the Spirit would have borne witness.

If it was erroneous he would have no such testimony.

Some people think all that is necessary in order to preach the Gospel is that they should be called upon, and go out and stand up, and the Lord will immediately pump them full of intelligence.

Such do not comprehend the economy of God.

They do not understand that He intends that men shall cultivate the gifts that they have inherited and received from Him; and that He never has from the beginning, and never will, worlds without end, place a premium upon laziness.

There is no excellence without labor, and the operations of the

Holy Spirit suggest to the mind thoughts that are proper, and bring to the memory, when needful, those things that are appropriate to be spoken, as occasion may require.

It is presumable that no person in this audience would have the stupidity to take an empty bucket, lower it into an empty well, lift it out and expect it to be full of water.

When he drew it out, the water would be conspicuous for its absence.

Yet some people expect the Spirit of God to do all the work, bringing the waters of life out of a dry and empty mind; empty because indolent.

Some people have announced themselves in favor of what are called debating clubs or societies.

If I am not mistaken, some such institutions exist in the community now.

I know that they have existed in the past.

It has been claimed that by this method we learn principles and also gain practice and facility in presenting them to the public.

I am prepared to announce myself as opposed to debating societies among the

Latter-day Saints as not in harmony with the genius of the Gospel.

But I do not believe in making statements without giving a reason for the propositions that are offered.

In debates it is the custom to select a subject, and an affirmative and negative are formulated.

The sub-

ON STUDYING THE DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH

ject is treated negatively and affirma- tively.

On every topic, then, under such a system, some person or persons must speak from false premises, and resort to sophistry, to sustain error.

One effect of this is, that it drives away the Spirit of truth, which recedes from conditions that are antagonistic to its own nature. Young men may obtain a species of brilliancy by pursuing the study of a subject by the debating process; but it is like the brilliancy of the comet, it is eccentric and unreliable, and not at all like that of one of the fixed stars.

It leads to sophistical reasoning and tends to infidelity.

You ask what system I would suggest?

I should say the one that comes the nearest to obtaining the beneficial results of debate without any of its deleterious effects.

I have formulated a method of that character, and have practically demonstrated its beneficial results among the young people, having personally taught a number of classes in accordance with it.

It is simply this:

The subject is selected; suppose that we call the theme the First Principles of the

Gospel.

I formulate a number of propositions, one set of which are opposite in character to the views that we desire to sustain, and the other in harmony with them.

I will give you an example of the process by naming some of the propositions that are, in one instance, based upon the views generally entertained by the religious world, and the other those that can be consistently sustained by the student.

I will here repeat them in their order:

Positions generally sustained by sectarians Positions to be sus- {notably Protestants) tained by the student:

to be reasoned away and overthrown by the student.

First. That salvation First. That salvation cannot be attained by can be obtained by belief in Christ and belief in Christ and His His atonement without atonement, indepengood works.

dent of good works.

Second.

That the Second.

That baponly correct mode of tism may be adminisbaptism is immersion;

tered by sprinkling, that it is positively espouring or immersion;

sential to salvation, that it is not positively and is for the remission essential, and not for of sins.

the remission of sins.

Third.

That the Third.

That the Holy Ghost is obtained Holy Ghost can be after belief, repentance obtained by belief in and baptism, by the the Lord Jesus Christ laying on of the hands without attending to of men having divine any outward ordinauthority.

ances.

Fourth. That AposFourth. That Apostles, Prophets and other ties, Prophets and inspired teachers and other inspired teachers revelation are as necesand revelation were sary to the Church needed in the priminow as ever, and cantive condition of the not be dispensed with.

Church, but are done away because no longer needed.

The number of propositions may be increased to any extension desired, according as it may be necessary to divide and simplify the subject.

Any theme can be treated in this way, religious or otherwise.

It is founded upon the demonstrated truth that there is an opposite in all things and that nothing stimulates mental activity in man to so intense a degree as opposition.

Hence the philosophy of formulating and speaking to an opposite proposition as an objective point.

The method of instructing a class of young men in this routine is simply this:

Suppose that the propositions are seven in number, and the number of the class twelve.

I assign to the head of the class No.

1, to the next number 2, and so on until No. 7 is reached, and then give the balance to the remainder of the class.

As teacher, I define to the class what a discourse on the first principles of the gospel is, in order to give them a guide.

Each member prepares himself with Scripture and reason to annihilate the one proposition and sustain the other.

He addresses his fellow members of the class, not longer than fifteen minutes, as if they were a lot of unbelieving sectarians sitting in cloudy darkness; and each member goes through the whole of the seven propositions.

If a student has only ordinary aptitude, after he has treated each division of the subject and colla'ted the evidence necessary to demolish and sustain, at the end of the exercises, or

ON STUDYING THE DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH

the course, he possesses a fund of information combined with practice in public speaking, surprising to himself, and that will enable him, when he enters the evangelical field, to go there as a missionary with a foundation, at least, for the labor confronting him.

You see the advantage of such a simple method as this.

It gives the student some conception of the erroneous views with which he has to contend in the world;

it gives him an understanding of the principles of the Gospel that he has to proclaim, and also enables him to explain his doctrines to others.

Therefore it does not kill two birds only with one stone—it kills three.

If twelve young men of moderate education and fair intelligence be selected and put through a catechisation, to show that they can say little or nothing regarding the"principles and doctrines of the Gospel, in twelve weeks, or after going through this course, if examined again, it will be found that, almost without exception, they will be able to discourse intelligently upon the first principles.

To show the simplicity and aptitude of this system, take for instance, one of these propositions;

the second one, in relation to baptism:

The sectarian, as a rule, holds that this ordinance may be administered by sprinkling, pouring, or immersion, that it is not positively essential to salvation, and is not for the remission of sins.

It is for the student to show in opposition to that view, that the proper mode is immersion, that it is indispensable, and is for the remission of sins.

He speaks as if he addressed an audience of unbelievers, citing the words of Christ to Nicodemus: "Except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God;"and the example of the Savior when he was about to be baptized by John, when He says:

"Thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness."He thus clinches the essentiality of the ordinance by the unqualified word and unmistakable example of the Redeemer.

He proves the mode to be immersion, by quoting the words of Paul in the sixth chapter of Romans, wherein baptism is compared to being buried with Christ.

No other mode is comparable to a burial, any more than it would be proper to say a body was buried by sprinkling a small quantity of dust upon it.

The student as easily proves the object of baptism, by quoting the words of Peter, in the second chapter of Acts, when addressing the multitude:

"Repent and be baptized, every one of you, for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy

Ghost."Thus you will see how readily the student can master these subjects, piece by piece, until he becomes familiar with the doctrines of the Church, line upon line, precept upon precept, and at the same time acquires the ability to explain them to others.

Every department of the subject is as easy of treatment as the one now cited as an example; and there is scarcely any limit to the proofs and arguments that can be found to sustain them.

You see how the student proceeds to acquire his information and prepare himself to go out into the world as a minister of life explaining intelligently the message which he has to deliver.

In this method there is this advantage;

that it is not the teacher that does and says, but the student.

I have discovered that it is not what the student hears that does him the most good and fixes principles upon his mind, but what he does and says himself.

In addition to the information imparted and the guidance offered by the teacher in other respects, he can also aid the pupils greatly in eliminating those faults that so frequently mar the effect of public speaking.

Some, for instance, have the practice of looking up at the ceiling instead of at the audience, as if there was somebody aloft that they were endeavoring to convince of the correctness of the views they we're enunciating.

There are young men who get into a habit of standing in a slack and careless way, as if they were held up by a string attached to the top of their heads and that if it were cut they would drop to the floor in a heap.

Others have a way

ON STUDYING THE DOCTRINES OF THE CHLRCH.

of expressing their thoughts as if they themselves did not believe a word of what they were saying.

In order to convince others, a man must first convince himself.

He must be in earnest and have his soul in his subject.

Otherwise his words will, to use a homely phrase, fall upon his auditors like water upon the back of a goose, only to roll off.

There are other discrepancies that can be corrected; and the teacher can be a great aid to the students in placing them in a path that will help them to become efficient and polished missionaries for the Lord.

Writing.can be adopted as well as speaking, where it is desired.

But there is too much writing and speaking of a desultory character that is not calculated to make the student's mind expand, or cause him to progress to any great extent.

When the young engage in exercises, either of speaking or writing, they should first select the subject, and then look at it in all its bearings.

Suppose that a theme of this kind be chosen:

That Joseph Smith is a Prophet of God.

How should we treat it?

We should treat it as though we were expecting to meet those who do not believe as we do.

Therefore,we speak against the following proposition:

That Joseph Smith was an impostor. To prove that his mission and character were genuine, we show what constitutes a prophet, and we point out that Joseph Smith had those constituents.

This is exhibited, firstly, by scriptural evidence, in the shape of prophecies which point to the raising up of a prophet in the latter times.

Secondly, that many of his own predictions have been fulfilled.

Thirdly, that he organized the Church of

Christ in its completeness, after the pattern given by the Redeemer himself.

Fourthly, that those who conform to the doctrines He enunciated receive the Holy Ghost; the testimony of Jesus.

In this way, instead of being disjointed and jumbling, an argumentative building is made complete, "a thing of beauty and a joy forever."To the young, should be pointed out the necessity of intense thought.

If they think strongly and methodically, they will speak and write vigorously, and vice versa.

If they are taught to think systematically, they will exhibit the beauty of the principles of the Gospel in their clearness.

Instead of doing this, and invoking the aid of the Spirit of God to assist us we sometimes act like a huntsman who goes into the field and shoots aimlessly in the air, hitting nothing, because there is no object in view.

There may be an objection raised to the method I have attempted to define, on the ground that it requires classification.

Instead of that being an objection, it is, to my mind, a recommendation.

In these matters, we can not afford to lay aside the demonstrated truths of ages.

When a school is conducted, you do not take the whole of the pupils together and teach them one subject at a time en masse.

You have to grade and classify them according to their capacity and degree of advancement.

Unless we do this, we will not make the progress in the Associations, that we can by adopting a more systematic and practical course.

I should have been pleased to have expressed myself further,, as the subject opens before my mind; but, in the words of the hymn that we often sing, "The time is far spent, there is little remaining,"with this difference, that there isn't any left at all.

May the Lord bless you, is my prayer, in the name of Jesus.

Amen.

Comparing the moon with the sun, the source of heat and light, we may be inclined to despise the former.

Yet it has many uses.

Its eclipses have assisted very much in solving some of the knotty points of ancient chronology.

Its mighty course through the fixed stars furnishes to navigators their chief means of calculating longitude.

The month, a convenient division of time, is determined by the revolution of the moon around the earth.

The light it reflects is of great use to the human family.

It chiefly affects the welfare of mankind, however, by producing the tides which are due principally to its at-

A GREAT REFORMER.

traction.

Twice each day the tides sweep every foot of the coast line of the world, freeing the shores of the refuse deposited there by rivers and by human agency, and moving tens of thousands of craft homeward to the dock or outward to the sea.

A GREAT REFORMER.

The beginning of the Sixteenth Century is an epoch in the religious history of Europe fraught with events of great importance to the human family.

For centuries the Church of Rome had held universal sway over the minds of those claiming to be the enlightened nations of the earth, although the horrors of the

Inquisition, the power of priestcraft, and the degeneracy among the masses of the people throughout the Dark Ages, show how low mankind can descend in the scale of intelligence, and still consider themselves in the blaze of enlightenment.

The purposes of the Father required that a change come over the scene;

it was necessary that the hearts of the children of men should be prepared for the restoration of the everlasting Gospel;

that greater freedom of thought and speech should be enjoyed; that the mode of worship and adoration of the creature toward the Creator should be untrammeled; that the heaven-born gift of free agency to man should be given, to choose his life and what he'd be; therefore a Luther, a Melancthon, a Calvin and a Knox were sent upon the stage of existence, as instruments in the hands of the

Almighty to break down the walls of superstition, and grapple with the religious thralldom to which all who were under the sway of Catholicism were subjected.

John Knox, the great Scotch reformer, was born in Giffordgate, Haddington, in the year 1505.

At the age of thirtyeight he preached his first Protestant sermon in St.

Andrews, from whence he was shortly after taken prisoner for his advocacy of Protestantism, sent to France, and condemned to be a galley slave for life; but through the intercession of Edward VI. of England, he was released after nineteen months, and repaired to the court of that monarch, where he resided for some time.

The harsh treatment of the Protestants under Mary I.

of England, drove him once more to the continent.

Through years of exile and bondage he cherished the hope of again preaching the Protestant doctrines in St.

Andrews, this place having long been the fortress of the Catholic faith in Scotland.

His hope was realized.

On the tenth of June, 1559, from the cathedral pulpit of that ancient city he poured forth his fiery eloquence.

The voice of Knox struck through the land like an electric shock;

throughout all Fife, and soon throughout all Scotland, images were broken, altars were shivered, mass-books were torn, and priestly vestments were rent into shreds. He afterwards boldly denounced the celebration of mass in the Chapel Royal of HolyrOod.

Thus taking his life in his hands against the influence and power of Mary,

Queen of Scots, Regent Arran and Cardinal Beaton, the great reformer labored zealously to free the minds of the people from the error of ages, and, under the power of inspiration, was instrumental in bringing about that revolution of religious views so necessary to prepare the hearts of the children of men for the Gospel of Christ in its fulness, as those living in this our day have the privilege of being made partakers of.

This great man died Nov.

24, 1572, and was buried in St. Giles, Edinburgh, he having resided in that city the last twelve years of his life.

His house and chapel are still in existence and in good preservation in High Street.

Over his remains the Earl of Morton pronounced the famous eulogium "He lies there who never feared the face of man."The little town of Haddington has done its part to commemorate the memory of him of whom its citizens speak with pride, having erected a fine building for educational purposes called the "Knox Institute,"under a canopy in front of which, cut in stone, stands a statue of the great Scotch reformer.

L.

HOME LITERATURE.

HOME LITERATURE.

"Seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning even by study, and also by faith."The words I have quoted are the words of the Prophet Joseph Smith; or rather, they are the words of the Almighty through him to this people.

A people who are popularly supposed to be enemies of education, despisers of learning, haters of books and schools, and of everything, in fact, that is pure, ennobling and refined.

A greater mistake was never made, a crueler wrong was never committed, a more heinous moral crime was never perpetrated than when the "Mormon"people, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, were thus made odious in the eyes of mankind.

For, if it be a crime to filch from an individual his good name, that "immediate jewel of the soul,"compared with which, as the poet tells us, to steal one's purse is to "steal trash,"what must it be to rob a whole community of reputa:

tion? A community, too, with such a mission as ours; the spiritual enlightenment of a world, the salvation of the human race, the education, for this life and the life which is to come, of all who can be persuaded to enter the garden of

God and partake, freely, of the precious fruits of the Tree of Knowledge, which, in the truest sense, is also the Tree of Life.

To rob such a people of their good name, thus limiting their usefulness, and hindering them from fulfilling their great mission, which is to draw all men unto Christ by means of knowledge, wisdom and learning revealed from heaven and recorded in the best of books, is indeed a crime, not only against the immediate victims of the slander, but a crime against God and humanity.

But it is not my present purpose to pursue the subject to which this train of thought would naturally lead.

It suffices me to know, and to testify, that this people are the friends, not the foes, of * Lecture by Orson F. Whitney, delivered at the Y. M. M. I. A. Conference, June 3, 1888.

education;

that they, are seekers after wisdom, lovers of light and truth", universal Truth, which, like the waters of earth, or the sunbeams of heaven, has but one Source, let its earthly origin be what it may.

"Truth is truth, wher'er 'tis found, On Christian or on heathen ground,"

And worthy of our love and admiration, whether far or near, high or low, whether blazing as a star in the blue vault of heaven, or springing like a floweret from the soil.

"Seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning even by study, and also by faith."Why did the Lord so instruct His Prophet?

Why did the Prophet so teach his people?

It was because God had designed, and His Prophet had foreseen a great and glorious future for that people.

Chosen himself in weakness, so far as this world's wisdom was concerned, as a foundation stone of the mighty structure which is destined to tower heavenward, reflecting from its walls and glittering spires the splendors of eternity, he knew there must come a time, unless God, who cannot lie, had sworn falsely, when Zion, no longer the foot, but as the head, the glorious front of the world's civilization, would arise and shine "the joy of the whole earth"the seat of learning, the source of wisdom, and the centre of political power, when side by side with pure Religion, would flourish Art and Science, her fair daughters; when music, poetry, painting, sculpture, oratory and the drama, rays of light from the same central sun, no longer refracted and discolored by the many-hued prisms of man's sensuality, would throw their white radiance full and direct upon the mirror-like glory of her towers; when the science of earth and the wisdom of heaven would walk hand in hand interpreting each other;

when philosophy would drink from wells of living truth, no longer draining the deadly hemlock of error, to poison the pure air with the illusions of sophistry;

HOME LITERATURE.

when love and union would prevail;

when war would sit at the feet of peace and learn wisdom for a thousand years;

when Zion's sons and Zion's daughters, as famed for intelligence and culture as for purity, truth and beauty, "polished after the similitude ot a palace,"would entertain kings and nobles, yea, sit upon thrones themselves, or go forth, like shafts of light from the bow of the Almighty, as messengers and ambassadors to the nations.

Joseph saw all this; he knew it was inevitable; that such things were but the natural flowers and fruits of the work which God had planted.

The roots of the tree might not show it so well—their mission is to lie hidden in the earth despised and trampled on of men—but the branches in a day to come would prove it.

Joseph knew, as every philosopher must know, that purity is the natural parent of beauty; that truth is the well-spring of power, and righteousness the sun of supremacy.

He knew that his people must progress, that their destiny demanded it;

that culture is the duty of man, as intelligence is the glory of God.

Rough and rugged himself, as the granite boulders of yonder hills, typical of the firm, unyielding basis of God's work, he knew, and his brethren around him knew, that on the rough, strong stones of which they were symbolical—the massive foundations of the past—the great Architect would rear the superstructure of the future;

that the youth of Israel, their offspring, would be inspired to build upon the foundations of the fathers, and yet would differ from their fathers and mothers, as the foundations of a building must differ from the walls and spires.

What shall I say, my young brethren and sisters, what can I say to awaken in your hearts, if perchance it sleeps, the desire to realize this glorious anticipation?

Alas! what can my poor pen indite, what can my feeble tongue utter to rouse within you this determination?

I can only call upon God, in humility, to make my words as sparks of fire, to fall upon the tinder of your hearts and kindle them into flame.

That from this hour your souls may be lit up with the light of your glorious destiny, that you may live and labor for God and His kingdom, not simply for yourselves and the perishable things of earth.

What else shall make us worthy of such a future?

What are we here for?

Wiiy did we come?

Was it to waste our time in folly and dissipation, to laugh away our lives, pursuing the phantom of pleasure as an idle boy might chase a butterfly from flower to flower?

Was it to bow down to mammon, to worship a golden calf, or stain our souls, and blur the brightness of our minds, with the vices of the ungodly?

Was this what our fathers and mothers foresaw?

Was it for this they sacrificed and suffered, to bring us into existence, teach us the truths of heaven, and place us on the threshold of the mightiest mission ever given to men in the flesh?

The answer falls like a thunderbolt from heaven:

"I give not unto you to live after the manner of the world."It echoes down the corridors of years:

"If ye are Abraham's children, ye will do the works of Abraham."It speaks from earth, from air, from the roaring waters;

it sounds from the depths of the oracular soul:

"Ye are an example to the world; follow not after them!"

But what has all this to do with literature? you ask.

More, perhaps, than is at first apparent.

It is by means of literature that much of this great work will have to be accomplished; a literature of power and purity, worthy of such a work.

And a pure and powerful literature can only proceed from a pure and powerful people.

Grapes are not gathered of thorns, nor figs of thistles.

I am not here, my friends, to tickle your ears with tinkling phrases, to deliver a learned lecture on Greek and Roman mythology;

to quote Hebrew and Latin, and stun you with sound, and bewilder you with a pedantic display of erudition.

No!

Experience has taught me that it is the heart, not simply the head, we must appeal to, if we wish to stir the soul.

The intellect may shine, but it is the bosom that burns, and

HOME LITERATURE.

warms into life every movement that is born to bless humanity.

I, therefore, speak to your hearts, and I would rather say three words by the power of the Holy Ghost than lecture here for three hours on the fables of Greece and

Rome.

Wake up!

ye sons and daughters of God!

Trim your lamps and go forth to meet your distiny.

A world awaits you;

rich and poor, high and low, learned and unlearned.

All must be preached to;

all must be sought after; all must be left without excuse.

And whither we cannot go, we must send; where we cannot speak we must write; and in order to win men with our writings we must know how and what to write.

If the learned will only listen to the learned, God will send them learned men, to meet them on their own ground, and show them that "Mormonism,"the Gospel of Christ, is not only the Gospel of truth, but the Gospel of intelligence and culture.

The Lord is not above doing this.

He is merciful to all men, not willing that any should perish, or have it to say they were unfairly dealt with.

For over fifty years the Gospel has been preached to the poor and lowly.

It will yet go to the high and mighty, even to kings and nobles, and penetrate and climb to places hitherto deemed inaccessible.

Our literature will help to take it there;

for this, like all else with which we have to do, must be made subservient to the building up of Zion.

But remember this, ye writers and orators of the future!

It is for God's glory, not man's.

Let not vanity and pride possess you.

Without humility there is no power.

You must be in earnest.

You must feel what you write, if you wish it to be felt by others.

If the words you speak are not as red-hot embers from the flaming forge of a sincere and earnest soul, they will never set on fire the souls of your hearers.

The days of buncombe and bombast are over.

Over?

They never had a beginning.

Nothing really is that is not founded on fact.

"Seek ye out of the best books, words of wisdom; seek learning, even by study, and also by faith."The advantages of learning over ignorance are so self-evident as to need no dissertation.

Knowledge is power, in this world or in any other.

The prophet Joseph is authority for the saying that "a man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge;"that "it is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance;""for,"says he, "if he does not get knowledge, he will be brought into captivity by some evil power in the other world, as evil spirits will have more knowledge and consequently more power, than many men who are on the earth."The Prophet also says that whatever principles of intelligence we attain to in this life, they will rise with us in the resurrection; and if one soul by its diligence and faithfulness acquires more knowledge, than another, it will have just so much advantage in the world to come.

How little then they know of "Mormonism,"who say and think it is opposed to education.

"With all thy getting, get understanding"is no less a part of the "Mormon"creed than it is one of the pearls of the wisdom of Solomon.

"Seek learning, even by study, and also by faith."The formation of a home literature is directly in the line and spirit of this injunction.

Literature means learning, and it is from the "best books"we are told to seek it.

This does not merely mean the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the book of Doctrine and Covenants, Church works and religious writings though these indeed are "the best books,"and will ever be included in and lie at the very basis of our literature.

But it also means history, poetry, philosophy, art and science, languages, government—all truth in fact, wherever found, either local or general, and relating to times past, present or to come.

Yes, the Prophet even meant revelation, inspiration, immediate and direct;

for does he not say, "seek learning by study, and also by faith?"Faith points to futurity, to things that will be; study pertains more to the past, to things that have been.

History is temporal, p$p-

3°° HOME LITERATURE.

phecy is spiritual.

The past is great, but the future will be greater. The dead letter may be precious, but the living oracle is beyond all price.

It is from the warp and woof of all learning, so far as we are able to master it and make it ours, that the fabric of our literature must be woven.

We must read, and think, and feel, and pray, and then bring forth our thoughts, and polish and preserve them.

This will make literature.

Above all things, we must be original.

The Holy Ghost is the genius of "Mormon"literature.

Not Jupiter, nor Mars, Minerva, nor Mercury.

No fabled gods and goddesses; no Mount Olympus; no "sisters nine,"no "blue-eyed maid of heaven;"no invoking of mythical muses that "did never yet one mortal song inspire."No pouring of new wine into old bottles.

No patterning after the dead forms of antiquity.

Our literature must live and breathe for itself.

Our mission is diverse from all others; our literature must also be.

The odes of Anacreon. the satires of Horace and Juvenal, the epics of Homer, Virgil, Dante and Milton;

the sublime tragedies of Shakspeare; these are all excellent, all well enough in their way; but we must not attempt to copy them.

They cannot be reproduced.

We may read, we may gather sweets from all these flowers, but we must build our own hive and honeycomb after God's supreme design.

We will yet have Miltons and Shakspeares of our own.

God's ammunition is not exhausted.

His brightest spirits are held in reserve for the latter times.

In God's name and by His help we will build up a literature whose top shall touch heaven, though its foundations may now be low in earth.

Let the smile of derision wreathe the face of scorn;

let the frown of hatred darken the brow of bigotry.

Small things are the seeds of great things, and, like the tcorn that brings forth the oak, or the snow-flake that forms the avalanche, God's kingdom will grow, and on wings of light and power soar to the summit of its destiny.

Let us onward, then, and upward, keeping the goal in view;

living not in the dead past, nor for the dying present.

The future is our field.

Eternity is before us.

"New occasions teach new duties,

Time makes ancient good uncouth;

They mtfst upward still and onward,

Who would keep abreast of Truth.

Lo! before us gleam her camp-fires,

We, ourselves must pilgrims be;

Launch our Mayflower, and steer boldly

Through the desperate wi iter sea,

Nor attempt the future's portal

With the past's blood-rusted key."

I do not mean to depreciate, or speak slightingly of the literature of the past;

such of it, at least, as is worthy of the name.

Far be it from me to utter one word that might reasonably be so construed.

I wish I had power to tell you what I think literature has done for the human race;

what men of letters have accomplished in all ages, from Moses to Herodotus, from Herodotus to Shakspeare, from Shakspeare to Goethe and Carlyle; men who have poured the rich treasures of inspired thought and intelligent research into the lap of humanity, giving birth to civilization and filling earth with fame and glory.

I would also speak of the press, that modern giant, that great engine of power, scattering far and wide the embers of intelligence, kindling on ten thousand times ten thousand hearthstones the fires of thought and noble aspiration; the newspaper, that daily history of the world, champion of truth and defender of the oppressed.

How mighty its mission, how far-reaching its influence, how invincible its power!

Oh, that it should ever be prostituted, dragged in the mire, degraded to ignoble ends!

But alas!

it often is so.

Therefore, choose between the false and true, between the unreal and the genuine.

"Seek ye out of the best books"—the best newspapers—

"words of wisdom."Write for the papers, write for the magazines—especially our home publications—subscribe for them and read them.

Make books yourselves, that shall not only be a credit to you, and to the land and people that

HOME LITERATURE.

produced you, but likewise a boon and benefaction to mankind.

It is impossible to compute in figures, or express in words, the blessing that books and book-makers have been to humanity.

Let me quote from one whose masterly attempt is perhaps halfway successful.

Says Carlyle:

"In books lies the soul of the whole past time;

the articulate, audible voice of the past, when the body and material substance of it has altogether vanished like a dream.

Mighty fleets and armies, harbors and arsenals, vast cities, highdomed, many-engined—they are precious, great: but what do they become?

Agamemnon, the many Agamemnons, Pericleses and their Greece;

all is gone now to some ruined fragments, dumb, mournful wrecks and blocks:

but the books of Greece!

Their Greece, to every thinker, still very literally lives.""With the art of writing, of which printing is a simple, an inevitable and comparatively insignificant corollary, the true reign of miracles for mankind commenced.""The writer of a book, is not he a preacher, preaching not to this parish or that, on this day or that, but to all men, in all times and places?""He with his copy-rights and copywrongs, in his squalid garret, in his rusty coat;

ruling (for this is what he does) from his grave, after death, whole nations or genarations who would, or would not, give him bread while living,—is a rather curious spectacle!

Few shapes of heroism can be more unexpected.""Men of letters are a perpetual priesthood, from age to age, teaching all men that a God is still present in their life.

In the true literary man there is thus ever, acknowledged or not by the world, a sacredness;

he is the light of the world; the world's priest;

guiding it like a sacred pillar of fire, in its dark pilgrimage through the waste of time."Let us now, for a moment, in the light of this noble interpretation, contemplate the work of a book, a book with which we are all more or less familiar

Nearly four hundred years have passed away since Columbus discovered

America.

He found here, what? Forests and Indians, and tropical fruits;

little else.

But they who came after him found more.

Peeping from the crust of the earth, north and south, east and west, were the relics of a civilization that had put to shame the glory of Egypt in her palmiest days.

Nations had risen and fallen on this fair land, before whose fame and power the strength of Rome, the wealth of Asia, would have paled as stars before the sun.

Whence came they?

What were their names?

Why had they fallen?

None knew.

The sad sea waves, and the sighing winds answered not, but continued to chant in mournful numbers their solemn requiem for the dead.

The natives could not tell, except in tales and traditions as vague and shadowy as the legends of the Druids, or the runic fables of the Norsemen.

Who, then would answer?

One day a little boy went into the woods and prayed.

God answered him and gave him more than he asked.

A book came forth by the power of God; a buried record, hidden in a hill.

It told the story of the past, it prophesied of the future, and from that hour, Joseph Smith, the despised Mormon Prophet, became the real discoverer of America.

My brothers and sisters—fellow laborers in the vineyard of our Lord—let me hope if I have said anything, it is something that will stimulate and encourage you to press onward in the work of God.

Follow not after the world.

Avoid the snares of Satan.

Be true to yourselves and loyal to your mission.

Ye are the "hope of Israel."The heavens are watching you, and the earth is waiting for you.

"Awake, awake!

Put on thy strength, O Zion!

Put on thy beautiful garments"—the garments of wisdom and learning, that it may no longer be said of thee, with even a semblance of truth, or a shadow of reason, that thou art not what we say thou art, and all that the Lord thy God has said thou shalt be.

Arise, shine, for thy light will come, and the

EPISTLE OF THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY.

Glory of the Lord will rise upon thee!

"And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising."The star of truth has risen; the Sun of Righteousness will come; the night of error is past, and above the eastern hilltops, even now, are breaking the golden splendors of the dawn.

EPrSTLE OF THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY.

To the Officers and Members of the Young Men's- Mutual Improvement Associations throughout Zion.

Dear Brethren: Once more, through the blessings of the Lord, we are permitted to address you in writing; and, in doing so, we rejoice greatly in the blessings of life and liberty with which you are so abundantly surrounded on this auspicious occasion.

An appropriate time has been chosen on which to hold your first General Annual Conference, for it is eminently befitting that the young men of Israel should thus honor the illustrious statesmen, colonizer and Prophet Brigham Young, by holding their conference meetings on a day so near the anniversary of his birth.

He was inspired to organize the Mutual ImprovementAssociations throughout Zion.

With delight you can revere his memory;

for distrust of the young men of Israel never marred his great mind.

In them he had unbounded confidence, and for them unlimited love.

The Almighty endowed him with the faculty of reading men more accurately and more thoroughly than most people read books.

The study of human hearts and the analyses of human minds enabled him to distinguish between the good and the bad.

By the inspiration of the Holy Spirit frauds stood rebuked, while the sincere rejoiced in his presence, and were comforted by his love.

Noting the yearly harvest of death, and comprehending as few men comprehend the magnitude of the great work in which we are engaged, he fully sensed the responsibility that must ultimately rest upon you in bearing to a victorious consummation the Church and

Kingdom of God.

The manner in which you have responded to his confidence and esteem has produced the bloom preceding the growth and ripening of glorious fruit.

Following in his counsels you will not disappoint his anticipations, for you are building upon a foundation resting upon eternal principles.

Continue faithful to the covenants made with the Lord and each other; give your hearts to God, and listening ears to the counsels of His Holy

Priesthood, and when the storms beat upon you and the house you are building neither shall fall.

As your friends and brethren, we must earnestly beseech you to avoid the snares of worldly ambition. Enter not the gates of pride, within which selfishness weaves nets to bind the soul.

Write upon them the words inscribed over Dante's Inferno—"Abandon hope all who enter here."Thirst for the honors and praises of men and undue love for the things of this world are dangerous reefs, upon which many have wrecked their hopes of eternal life.

Pride, wearing the garb of humility, often prays devoutly, preaches eloquently; but dwellers in heaven are as little children, of whom the youth of

Zion should be as an advanced class beautiful type of saintly humility and unsuspicious innocence.

Haughty pride, insolent assumption and over-reaching ambition come of him who wrought rebellion in heaven, sowed strife on earth, and trailed the serpent through human hearts.

Mocking infidelity, atheistic boasts and sneering skepticism are products of a power that reigns in hell, because it would not serve in heaven.

Light and life, peace and purity, humility and homage, goodness and grace, come of God.

Misery and mourning, pride and presumption, darkness and death, come of Satan. Between them, young men of Zion, you have chosen well.

Henceforth serve him who made you, and heaven's light shall guide

EPISTLE OF THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY.

your feet in the path of purity, leading to the gate of perfection.

From mountain heights pause ye now, and gaze upon the world's magnificence, pride and pomp; then trace the gleams of light along the way in which faithful Elders, prayerfully and earnestly, follow the lowly Nazarene to realms of heavenly glory.

Note carefully the faith by which they endure earthly tribulations, in order to gain heavenly crowns.

Patiently and faithfully do they bear their message amid the scorn of mocking mobs.

Over lands and over seas they carry the Gospel, seeking not to save their lives lest they lose them.

Taking no heed of the morrow, they travel without purse or scrip, trusting in God, and receiving, as did their Master, the contempt of the world.

What shall be their reward?

Peace here, exaltation hereafter!

Ministers of Christ here, ruling princes and reigning kings hereafter!

Lives eternal shall be their reward; for thus do they come to know God the Father and Jesus whom He hath sent.

In the midst of trials and tribulations, while deathless woe oppresses the heart, mothers may forget their nursing babes, but He who notes the sparrow's fall, will not forget His covenant children, though in infinite wisdom, as a test of faith, He permits pride to mock and insolence to deride, while persecution grinds and kills; but death and the grave will be conquered, when the King of Glory wins the ultimate victory at the very gates of hell.

Down into its bowels did He descend, thence led captivity captive, and gave gifts to men.

Alone, while treading the wine-press of the wrath of devils and men, gained He the keys of death, hell and the grave.

They were forged in the crucible of intense hate, not in the lap of luxurious ease.

Ingratitude heaped upon Him the sins of the world, and heavy-eyed watchmen slept while he prayed and sweat great gouts of blood.

Malice spat in his face; Jealousy in mockery crowned him with thorns; Envy mantled him with a cast-off robe;

Cruelty nailed Him to the cross, then cried:

''Come down, save thyself."Son of God, Prince of Power, I commander of heavenly legions though He was, the anguish of accumulated woes, caused Him, as death's agony bathed his brow, to exclaim: "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?"Ye sons of Zion, think of this, and bear patiently the mocking scorn of unbelief.

Taunting skepticism may deride your faith while sneeringly laughing at your confidence in God.

But remember that the power to bear humiliation is the test of humility"/ "There must needs be offences, but woe unto them by whom they come!"The exiled and imprisoned may bear contempt; and while earthly powers hold high carnival and mock at sacred things, the promises of God may seem to fail; but you who are wise will know that the methods of Satan have never changed.

Pride, haughtiness, rebellion, oppression, deceit, rule and ruin have ever been characteristic of the fallen son of the morning.

On the mountain top he offered tne Christ of God the kingdoms of this world as the price of false worship.

Treachery lurked deep when he sought to kill by tempting the Lord to cast Himself down from the Temple pinnacle; then sneeringly asked that bread be made of stones to satisfy hunger gnawing at famishing vitals.

As then, so now—Who lives godly in Jesus

Christ shall suffer persecution.

'Tis the heritage of Saints.

As they hated the Master, so will they hate His servants.

Be not surprised, therefore, if for a time, humiliation, contempt and scorn be your part;

for even while the hand of God traced on the palace wall the doom of the mocking king, the proud in drunken revel defiled the sacred cups of the Temple;

but how quickly followed the fall!

Boasting Assyrian hosts, declaring there was no God, reveled in sight of the walls of Jerusalem; but the angel of death passed over and wrapt them in dreamless sleep, that knew no mortal wakening.

Profit by these lessons of sacred history;

trust the Lord, and place honor and truth above the price of gold, and earth ly tribulations shall polish jewels that God will set in frames of endless joy.

Permit not the illusive interests of this

3°4 EPISTLE OF THE GENERAL SUPER1NTENDENCY.

brief life to shut out the hopes of that to come, nor quench the light that should cheer even in affliction.

Narrow not the sources of comfort and happiness by selfishly debasing godlike powers.

Do not hunger after perishable riches, but help the needy, thus keeping open the fountain of mercy, love and charity.

Shun, we beseech you, as you would the deadly upas, the vulgarity of unseemly struggles for place and power.

When Eli permitted his sons to associate with harlots outside the Temple, while they lived on the fruits of the people's labor, the Lord spoke through the boy Samuel and foretold what should result.

A few of our youth have followed the example of Eli's sons.

Their course has been downward, and they have trodden the path leading to destruction.

Among all your acquaintances think of one who, having deserted and turned away from the Lord, has gained thereby peace, happiness or greatness.

Have they not, without exception, been as the moth that falls into the burning blaze?

Have not those seeking the "liberty"of saloons, gambling dens and the companionship of the unclean had their wings clipped in the flames of a quenchless fire?

As you value happiness, peace and joy, as you hope for salvation and exaltation, go not near the haunts of vice.

They allure only to destroy. Sound carefully the causes leading to infidelity and doubt, note the actions of those who slur the things of God, and you will find that vice has stained the body and blotted the soul.

The Holy Spirit of God dwells not in unclean tabernacles;

and he who sins and repents not, doubts;

and he who doubts is damned. Conversely, to him that believeth the things of God all things, whether in heaven, earth or hell, will be made possible.

Go not, therefore, into the wilderness of sin to lean upon broken reeds, but hold fast to the "rod of iron"leading to the fruits of eternal life.

While earnestly seeking for knowledge to be found in good books, bear in mind the fact that the Holy Ghost is the safest and most profound instructor.

He will bring to your mind things past and present, and show you things to come.

Seek therefore his constant fellowship, and his teachings shall make you wise, good and great, and finally lead you back into the presence of your Heavenly Father.

With all the accumulated wisdom, knowledge and understanding of the world, what did the people know of the laws of God until Joseph, the boy prophet, came?

In the midst of the glare of modern civilization and enlightenment the Bible was as a sealed book.

The harmonies of the universe seemed confusion, while professed ministers taught the doom of everlasting damnation alike for ignorant heathens and innocent children, neither of whom had heard of Christ.

Holding their dupes over the flames of an imaginative hell, they proclaimed the ^hideous doctrine of non-redemption beyond the grave.

While leading redhamied murderers, all dripping in the blood of innocence, to the hangman's scaffold and there promising them, as they died, a free pass into the bosom of the stainless Christ, they preached the consignment of unbaptized infants forever to the regions of the damned!

Blind leaders of the blind, how could they know God and His ways?

How could they measure His infinite love?

An earthly father, doing with his children what they claimed God daily did with his, would have been regarded, even in the dark ages, as an unmitigated, merciless tyrant.

No wonder that such dense ignorance should produce the soil of skepticism, out of which has grown infidel iconoclasts, whose intelligent shrewdness plays upon the darkness of such unholy doctrines, as electricity plays upon the blackness of night.

Under their teachings the loving husband and confiding- wife parted forever at the grave! How awful the thought indicated in the mocking marriage ceremony proclaiming union only "until death do you part."Were that all, then indeed would this world and its brief joys be but a delusion and a snare!

But it is not all.

In heaven there are fathers and mothers and children; husbands and wives eter-

EPISTLE OF THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY.

3°5 ally bound together in the bands of love, cemented by holy sacred covenants made on earth.

What a flood of light, what a heaven of joy, came from God through His uncultured boy prophet!

Until he came, this world seemed as a black wilderness of woe, beyond which no heavenly light appeared.

As the sun lights from the east to the west, so the revelations of Almighty God have penetrated our hearts and given us comprehension of earthly and heavenly things.

This, or a future generation, will produce historians whose delight it shall be to trace the effects among God's children of the marvelous light brought in the world in our day through the instrumentality of the great modern revelator.

It was indeed a startling declaration to the world when he fearlessly proclaimed that God again had spoken from the heavens! Ignorance stood amazed, while scoffing hypocrisy raged;

but the work of human redemption goes bravely on, while the meek and poor and honest rejoice.

Upon you, dear young brethren, much depends.

Upon your shoulders the Almighty is rolling responsibilities the magnitude of which has never been exceeded in any age. The kingdom of God revealed by Joseph will be given to no other people.

It will never fall.

Be ye therefore to its interest and advancement faithful and true.

Its government is of heaven, and under it human liberty and the rights of man shall blossom and bloom into perfect fruit, for the Gospel of Christ is a perfect law of liberty. Why should any dread its sway?

Christ is the king, and has not He earned the right to the dominion and rule of His own?

His kingdom is not autocratic, neither wholly theocratic.

It is indeed theo-democratic—the voice of God and the sanction of the people.

Its laws recognize everywhere the doctrine of common consent.

The Almighty in the beginning gave to man the right to exercise his own agency.

He will never deprive him of that privilege, for by no other means can he ever develop the godhead within him.

Those alone who sell their bodies and barter their souls to

Satan will be in danger of binding themselves with chains too strong to be broken by man's love of freedom or by

God's decree of human liberty.

He who fought the Christ of God in heaven and was cast down to hell, still forges chains with ^vhich to bind the souls of men. From the beginning Lucifer was an ambitious tyrant and accuser of his brethren.

Heavenly hosts wept when they saw the misery and woe he would work for the inhabitants of earth.

But the final great struggle is fast approaching. Let us fear not the result, for

Christ and His people shall conquer here, as He and they conquered there.

Pending the great final day of the Lord

Almighty, let it be your duty, young men of Israel, to fast and pray, so that "your bowels may be full of charity towards all men, and to the household of faith, that virtue may garnish thy thoughts unceasingly, then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence of God, and the doctrines of the Priesthood shall distil upon thy soul as the dews of heaven.

The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, and thy sceptre an unchanging sceptre of righteousness and truth, and thy dominion shall be an everlasting dominion, and without compulsory means it shall flow unto thee, for ever and ever."Wilford Woodruffs Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, General Superintendency Y. M. M.

I. A.

Nearly every speaker in the congregations of the Latter-day Saints prefaces* his remarks with a request for the faithful and prayerful co-operation of his auditors.

We wonder what percentage of the people construe this request, as it is intended, literally and offer up to the

Almighty a supplication that he may pour out his spirit upon the speaker in order that words of strength may be uttered.

We venture the assertion that a large, a very large, percentage of the Saints neglect their manifest duty in this respect.

It should not be forgotten that the Latter-day Saints differ from all other

Christian sects in that they do not em-

3°6 A COURSE OF READING.

ploy prepared sermons, but, in accordance with scriptural injunction, leave to the Spirit the suggestion of the discourse.

Now if the Spirit is to suggest, it must be sought, and, if sought, it should be by a few words of prayer addressed to and ye shall find; and it is characteristic of the economy of God that those who seek most diligently, most certainly find.

In accordance then with the request of our speakers, let every Latter-day Saint offer to God a brief request for his inthe Almighty.

Seek, says the Lord, spiration A COURSE OF READING.* In looking over this vast congregation,

I can but reflect, with infinite joy, upon the occasion that has brought us together.

The exercises of our Conference are nearing their conclusion, and the question may be asked of those who are here, Why have we thus come together?

What does this Conference import to those in whose interest it has been called? We have heard words of eloquence, treating upon themes of deepest interest to us since we convened yesterday morning.

We have had lectures upon theology, and science and history;

upon the government of our Associations, and treating upon the various i items of interest to us, that are calculated, in their practical application to our lives, to benefit us and advance us in the culture and improvement of our minds and of our hearts.

We have assembled by thousands, because the youth of this people, the young men and women of Zion, are interested in the cause of Zion.

Our organization has had, during the period of its existence, such an experience as to make an occasion of this kind one of the utmost satisfaction and pleasure to those who have been workers in it.

We reflect upon the labors of the past; and while, as we have plodded along, step by step, our advancement has oftentimes seemed extremely slow, yet when we take a retrospective view we discover that we have made progress.

It has not been many years since, when great fears were expressed by those who had stood and borne the heat and burden of the day, in the defense of the *Lecture by Junius F. Wells, delivered at the Y. M. M.

I. A. Conference, June 3d, 1888.

cause of Zion, for the future of Zion;

at least, if not for the future of Zion, they were perplexed in looking about them to see where were those who would follow voluntarily in their footsteps.

The rude, impolite and often profane conduct of many young men in this community, a few years ago, was spoken of to their shame.

Sabbath-breaking, intemperance, profanity and many evils had grown and increased to an alarming extent among us.

I believe that I am within the bounds of truth when

I say that the Mutual Improvement Associations have effected a very great reform in this respect.

I will, however, basing my remarks upon reports that have come to us, and that have been read in your hearing in this Conference, allude to one or two of the results of this Association.

A few years ago it was the practice to send out missionaries from our midst from the workshop and the field, young men who had never in their lives, stood on their feet to bear their testimony of the truth, who had never made an attempt to speak in the name of the Lord.

Ridiculous, trying, painful incidents have often been narrated in our hearing of the experiences of these young men when facing strange audiences, before congregations on foreign shores.

The authorities of the Church had, at times with difficulty, been able to find, among the people, suitable missionaries to send abroad to proclaim the Gospel to the inhabitants of the earth.

I think that I might safely declare that the day is past and gone forever in the history of this people when such needs to be the case.

We have reported here about fifteen thousand

A COURSE OF READING.

members of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, and during the past year, each of those, has at least, stood upon his feet and said something, either in the form of a lecture, or a testimony, or some exercise before a congregation of his brethren.

He has had his first experience at home, among his friends.

And words come from the young missionaries abroad, thanking the

Lord first, and these Associations after, that they have had the opportunity of receiving this experience among their associates, and not among strangers who did not sympathize with them.

In some instances this organization has made its power and influence felt in upbearing and sustaining the arms of the Holy Priesthood.

There have been practices among us which have met with the disapproval of the authorities of the Church, and these Societies have been called upon to use an influence to put them down, and we have succeeded wherever that effort has been unitedly made;

if not as perfectly as desired, in a very great degree.

While I feel that the Associations are entitled to congratulation;

while I feel and believe that they are entitled to a meed of praise; while I believe that they have done good in the past, and I know that God has vouchsafed to us

His holy spirit to support and sustain us; the purpose of my remarks to-night shall be to indicate, if it be in my power, how we may do more good in the future than we have done in the past.

We maj'listen to the wise sayings of the sages and those of experience among us; we may receive instruction from the lips of inspired men; we may read words of light and truth for our betterment, our natural development and education;

but the efforts, that we put forth ourselves, for our own mutual improvement, are those which will count most to us in life.

It will not do for us forever to lean upon another.

When we started out in this work of mutual improvement, the counsel and injunction to us was to procure for ourselves, as individuals, a testimony of the truth, that we might not depend upon the testimony of any other man, but that there might be living within us an assurance that we were accepted of God and engaged in promoting His work upon earth; and this has been our leading motive and object.

This has been our principal work and achievement, and this forever will be the key to our success, the foundation upon which we may build, namely, individual testimonies of the truth, obtained by exercises that shall be from time to time prescribed for us.

Our mission in life is to be exponents of the principles of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, revealed from heaven, in the dispensation in which we live, by the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Our destiny is to aid in the establishment of the kingdom of God upon the earth, with dominion and influence; to prepare the people for the coming of the Son of

Man, who will reign and rule among them; to teach the nations of the earth the law of God and bring mankind into subjection to the principles thereof.

It has been proclaimed in our hearing by inspired men, from our childhood, that this was the destiny of the youth of this people, and we have seen their predictions fulfilled from year to year and from time to time, and to-day we are living in a period of the greatest possible interest, because we have heard the very situation that we are passing through described by the spirit and power of prophecy in years that are gone.

We are having opportunities of proving our fidelity, of displaying our integrity to the truth, of proving ourselves worthy to represent the principles of revealed truth, of the name we bear, of the high distinction that God has called us to, even to be the messengers of life, to be the exemplars of character and of holy and pure names unto the inhabitants of the earth.

We have set out to win a victory that the world has failed to achieve by all the wisdom and learning and knowledge that is in it; to establish government that is applicable to the condition of men, and that is indeed what it professes to be.

The great, aye the greatest, achievement of this people is this, that by the power of God, they have learned to master and control their

3o8 A COURSE OF READING.

passions and subject themselves to the influences of purity and holiness.

They do not talk of virtue they do not possess.

Young men of this community understand that their very eternal life depends upon the purity of their lives here upon this earth; and upon that basis, upon that foundation, with a people in whom this truth abides, God will rear a kingdom, a nation, a power in the earth, that is irresistible, and against which no enemy can prevail.

We heard beautifully described to us the manner in which the foundation of this great structure has been laid, in the rugged blocks of granite that have been set firm upon the earth, upon which shall be built, by polished stones, a glorious, a magnificent structure, walls that shine and glitter in the sun, and spires that look to heaven, glorious in their beauty and symmetry.

While we praise the work of the fathers, we have no time to waste in preparing ourselves for the place that we shall occupy in this great structure.

It is by cutting and breaking off the rough and the uneven parts, by polishing and smoothing ourselves, being certain in the first place that we are made of good and honest materials. We have accomplished something by our reliance upon the spirit of our religion, by the instruction and counsel and teachings that have been given us.

Now, while not in the least degree departing from these, the time has come when we should take an onward step.

It is said of us, with more or less truth, that we are not a reading people.

The young men and the young ladies of this community are chargeable, to a certain extent, with lightmindedness and folly, with thoughtlessness, with indulging in pastimes and pleasures to the exclusion of weightier and more important considerations of life. We may not have given our hearts to the study and consideration of those things that will most benefit us, to the extent that we should have done, but we are now called upon to step forth and take a front rank, and advance in the scale of human intelligence, to inform and educate ourselves, according to the injunctions of Holy Writ and the counsel of the inspired Prophets of God.

We, as a people, receive perhaps more practical instructions from the pulpit than any other people upon the earth.

But this is not enough.

If we would become learned, if we would become cultured, if we would occupy the place that He has said we should occupy, if we would become, indeed, the people that God has declared it our privelege to be, we must observe to obey and keep His commandments with respect to the acquirement of knowledge.

The fathers of the people, our leaders, have not ignored the use of books. They are almost universally versed in the Holy

Scriptures.

They have read with profound thought the utterances of inspired men of other ages.

They have pored over the Book of Mormon; they have studied and learned by heart the revelations of modern times; they are familiar with the history of the world to a greater or less extent.

Those who have occupied high and important positions among us have been, in some instances, notorious for their knowledge of the past history of the races and peoples of the world.

Our opportunities for acquiring knowledge respecting the countries and places of the world are better than any other people possess.

I have been abroad and have met tourists who have been traveling for the purposes of acquiring knowledge of countries and peoples, and for pleasure.

But among them all, rare, indeed, has been the time when

I have seen one who possessed so good an opportunity as the plodding, unknown Elders of the Church, going from place to place proclaiming the truth. The average tourist visits the hotels, the large galleries, finding companions of his own country, with whom he constantly associates and converses.

He might almost as well have taken up the guide book and studied those countries which he visits, at home.

But with the Elder of the Church, how is it?

He has no guide book; he goes to no hotel.

But he visits among the people; he walks across the country from one point to another.

He is informed of the people; he learns the history of the day as no other tourist

A COURSE OF READING.

3°9 learns it.

In many instances, however, there are Elders, young and inexperienced Elders among us, who go abroad without having knowledge enough of the history of the world to appreciate the things they see.

I have known Elders to pass within three miles of Canterbury Town, in England, and because of their utter lack of knowledge of the history of

England, they had not curiosity nor interest enough to walk over that distance of three miles, and see the place where Thomas a'Becket was slain—to gaze upon one of the grandest structures of olden times, or to learn the lessons which the inscriptions upon the memorial stones in that wonderful building contain.

I was visiting Trafalgar Square, in the city of London, with a young man of our community, and looking upon the Nelson monument, a glorious, grand monument of the devotion of the British to their great Admiral.

After viewing the lions at its base, cut by one of the worlds most famous sculptors, the great Thorwaldsen and dabbling in the fountains that play about it, as we left the square, I asked him what he thought of the monument.

His observation was, "It's awful high."I told him the height of it, and he responded by the inquiry, "What's it fur?"

It wasn't a house to live in; it wasn't a barn, nor a windmill; and it was a mystery to him why so great a column should be erected in such a place.

And this through lack of reading;

this because he was ignorant of the history of that country.

We have an organization that is capable ofprescribing to its members the manner and methods to be pursued to make them in all respects capable and prepared for the duties of life that are before them.

And that is our mission, to aid and help, in preparing ourselves to live successfully, to perform the duties of life in a manner that shall be pleasing to God and acceptable to His servants, and to ourselves.

There are those within the sound of my voice, the young people of this community, who, if asked, will generally respond and say: We desire knowledge, we desire culture, we desire improvement.

The great difficulty among us is proper preparation.

The number of young people in this city, and in this Territory, who ask the question, What shall I read? and How shall I read? is very great, and it is constantly increasing.

These questions spring to the lips of almost every one into whose heart has entered the desire for knowledge. We go into the libraries, or into the bookstores, and gaze upon the shelves of books, row upon row, in bindings of every hue, and we are bewildered to know which of these we should select, for our information, for our culture, and the development of our faculties.

We are as likely as not to to make a choice that is bad.

If we ask the bookseller, he will perhaps cite us to the most popular book of the day, without regard to our needs or necessities.

We turn away, bewildered and discouraged, in looking upon the vast quantity of books that are presented for us to choose from;

and still, deep in our hearts, are these questions:

What shall I read to the best advantage? How shall

I read in order to learn the most?

And we need direction in regard to these things.

In selecting books to read, the first consideration should be, what do we wish to know?

For what purpose do we wish to acquire knowledge?

We wish to prepare ourselves to be representatives of the cause in which we are engaged.

The first thing, then, that we should know, is the truth respecting that cause, to know the truth that it involves;

to know the laws by which we shall be governed, and invite mankind to be governed;

to know, in one word, the principles of divine truth, and to be prepared to explain them to our fellow men.

If we would be happy with the profession of Latter-day Saints, we must be able to give a reason for the faith that is in us.

If we are to go abroad into the world, we should desire to know the history of the world to which we shall go and bear our testimony, learn things that are regarded by the world and to have a proper appreciation of those to whom we are sent.

We can in no way so readily reach the hearts of our fellow

3 io A COURSE OF READING.

men as by proper consideration for their present condition, with the light and aid of the Holy Spirit, we may become unto them ministers of help, to aid and guide them into a better condition. We should also desire, if we would be happy and enjoy life, to understand something of the works of God with which we are surrounded.

We should understand something of our own organization; we should understand something of the sciences of life.

And our delight can not be made perfect, our success and happiness in life cannot be secured except on the attainment of knowledge that puts us into harmony, to a certain degree, at least, with the things and people of the world.

I do not mean, in this respect, that we should harmonize with the evils of the world; but we should know the world that we might be able to minister it to the world.

All that the world contains of truth, all that it can teach us, that is in harmony with the principles the Lord has revealed for our salvation, it is our privilege and duty to acquire a knowledge of.

All this you will readily grant, but how is this knowledge to be obtained? We may go to the world, even the most intelligent men of the world, renowned for their scholarship, renowned for their education and their talent, renowned as teachers of their fellow-men and of the youth of the people, and we, as the youth of the Latter-day Saints, would appeal in vain for proper guidance how to read, and how to study, and how to improve ourselves, because they are not in sympathy with the motives which we have in view and with the work that must occupy our lives.

The world cannot prescribe to us a course of reading; but I do not believe that it is in vain for us to prescribe a course for ourselves. With the organization of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, it is possible for us to lay before every young man in this Church a plan by which he may cultivate and educate himself; by which he may learn to know the principles of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the histories of the world, science and general literature, by which he may be improved in manners, in customs and in daily life, by which he may be taught how to control and govern himself, how to educate himself, before his fellow men and the world.

And these associations, will not be mutual improvement associations only to the extent, that they are found engaged in performing this labor.

Now as the time is limited, I desire, as plainly and as practically as possible, to lay before you a proposition that is being entertained by the officers of the Mutual

Improvement Associations intended to introduce a course of reading.

Whatever we may have attained to in the matter of intelligence or knowledge, of books, as a rule, the young people of our community are not great readers.

There are many of them who never read at all.

I am surprised on investigating this matter, rather closely, to find how many among us, who pass muster as intelligent young men, who have never read the first principles of the Gospel;

who have never read the Bible, nor the

Book of Mormon, nor the book of Doctrine and

Covenants, nor the Pearl of Great Price; who have never read the history of our own country, nor the history of England; who have never taken into their hands a book of science; who are unacquainted with the great writers, and who have no appreciation of the writers of ability among ourselves. There are many who have contented themselves with the little knowledge that they have acquired in school; who have permitted the over-weening desire for wealth to engross their attention^ who have let the manual vocations of life consume all their time and attention, without taking time for the cultivation of their minds.

And therefore, they are unread and unlettered; and as long as this condition prevails among us, we will fail to realize our great destiny.

We propose to introduce a course of reading that shall be of such a character, that when completed, the attentive reader will have read and studied every principle and doctrine that pertains to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints.

He will have read the histories

A COURSE OF READING.

of the various countries of the world.

He will have read in science those truths that we are safe in accepting, without the fictions and theories that are dangerous to the peace and satisfaction of the human mind.

He will have become sufficiently acquainted with the general literature of the world, to at least have developed within his heart a desire for further reading.

He will have laid the foundation for correct habits of reading thoughtfully, reading with method and an aim in view.

The desultory reading that many indulge in, the habit that many have adopted, of reading themselves down into utter frivolity of thought, by glancing upon page after page of some work of trashy, light literature, without thought, is ruining the minds that God has given them.

It is leading those who indulge in it into bondage, a slavery from which they will not easily escape.

If we read at all, we should read with attention. The first rule, the golden rule, of the reader is this:

Read with attention.

The greatest examples of those who shine in the world, of successful readers, are those who have read a book as though they never were to look upon it again.

Edmund Burke.

was one of such.

Daniel Webster was another. He says, in his autobiography, speaking of the period of his youth, that books were so rare that when they got hold of one in their house, they never thought that to read it over once or twice would suffice, but that they were to commit it to memory, and make it their very own.

It is better to read but ten pages, and know what we have read than to read a thousand in the manner that is often customary among us.

The course of reading we propose to introduce will necessarily cover a period of four or five years; and we have gone so far as to be able, to-night, to present the works that will be recommended for the first year's reading.

These works will be:

a. Of Doctrine:

The First Principles of the Gospel, by Elder B. H. Roberts, who is engaged in preparing a work specially for our Associations.

b. Of Science:

Natural Science, a work known as the First Book of Nature, by Prof. James E. Talmage.

It will contain, though perhaps not in the order that I shall read, matter that may be described in the following headings: Things, alive and dead—Rocks, and what they have to tell—Crystals, and how they are made—Plants, and how they live—The lessons of the flowers, birds and beasts, bees and butterflies—Man the greatest work of God—The heavens above—The sun, moon and stars—Natures hymn of praise.

Under such titles as these will be treated, in a simple, easy and comprehensive manner, the mineral, vegetable and animal kingdoms and a little knowledge of astronomy, enough simply to give us an incentive to read further, and to cause us to pause as we walk through life, and try to understand the things of nature with which we are surrounded.

c. Of History:

It is proposed that we take up the History of England.

There has been written a history of England by

Charles Dickens that is regarded as applicable to the condition of the young people of this Territory.

It is written in simple language.

It is written in a direct manner, designed to attract the attention and hold it with the interest of a story.

d. Of General Literature:

It is proposed that we shall read selections from the writings of Washington Irving, probably the most distinguished of American authors.

e. Of Home Literature: We will read the life of Nephi, by President George

Q. Cannon.

It is one of the choicest specimens of local literature that has appeared among us.

These five books will constitute the first year's course, and they will be read methodically.

They will be read as directed, within the time that is prescribed.

This set of books will be prepared and introduced into every society.

The themes and subjects of which they treat will be more or less elaborated in supplemental articles to be published in the

Contributor from month to month.

The exercises in the Mutual Improvement Associations will have a direct re-

A COURSE OF READING.

ference to the books that we read and the matter that they contain.

Thus, every week we will hear a lecture upon those subjects of which, during the week, we are reading; and these lectures will have a tendency to direct and concentrate our minds upon principles that we are reading.

Near the close of the season's work, test questions will be sent out which the readers are expected to answer, and which will indicate the attention they have bestowed upon the course of reading, and the fidelity with which they have followed it.

It is expected that these books will be ready for distribution among the Associations about the commencement of their season's regular work, in October.

The plan of distribution, the cost of the works, which will be to the Associations merely the cost of making the books and handling them, will be sent out in ample time to the officers of the Associations, who are expected to use ^heir best endeavors to introduce this course of reading, and to see that it is followed faithfully by the members of their respective societies.

What a grand and glorious spectacle it will be, young men and young women of Zion, when it may be said that there are five thousand, a third of the Young

Men's Associations, who are pursuing this course, this methodical course of reading; who are reading the doctrines of divine truth, who are reading the sciences of life, of the world; who are reading the history of the past, and are becoming acquainted with the literature of the present time; who are cultivating their minds, and laying the foundation for far more extensive, more comprehensive reading in the future; who are forming correct habits of reading; learning how to derive the best knowledge from books; learning how to secure to themselves those implements that will qualify them as husbandmen in the great field that God has called them to labor in!

This is Mutual Improvement.

This is what we are organized for; to learn, to acquire knowledge, to form habits of study, correct habits, by which we may obtain in this life all the information that it is possible for the human mind to gain to advantage.

And while obtaining this knowledge, in the practical school of life, under the direction of the Holy

Priesthood of God, we are developing the noblest, the best traits of character, to make us, indeed, men in the image oi Almighty God, and capable of bearing the responsibility that He calls usto'bear in this life; successful men, fulfilling the object and measure of our creation upon the earth; doing all that God sent us here to do.

It is my desire, and my prayer, that we may be inspired to accept willingly, gladly, with open hearts, and with minds determined that we shall pursue it to the end, this course of reading, in the belief that it will lead us to the acquirement of the greatest amount of knowledge. And knowledge is power, for no man can be saved in ignorance.

The glory of God is His intelligence.

The newspapers and magazines of the country are devoting much attention to the new "Trusts."Some financial genius has succeeded in rendering popular among manufacturers and all sorts of producers, combinations for mutual advantage that, avoiding the objectionable name of pools, are termed "trusts."

They are nothing more or less than corporations formed in the interests of monopoly.

For instance, we find that the great sugar refiners of the east have formed a sugar "trust"through the instrumentality of which honest competition must cease, new ventures be crushed, and the price of sugar raised meanwhile the public must helplessly look on while these combinations rob them to their heart's content, or to the limit of their conscience.

Sugar has already advanced in price.

The scheme is spreading and we hear of all sorts of "trusts."This sudden development threatens the welfare of the nation.

People will not contentedly bear the impositions of monopoly, whereby the coffers of the wealthy are enriched at the expense of the poor, and will be pretty apt to disturb the new condition

COLOR OF THE SEA.

of affairs through their representatives in their legislatures or by less peaceable means, if driven to the extremity.

COLOR OF THE SEAS.

It is a matter of curious interest to note that there are several large seas which are named from their color.

The White Sea bears its name with the best reason of any.

Its shores, are covered with snow for the greater part of the year, and its frozen surface is for that time a snowy plain.

The Red Sea is also entitled to its name.

Through its clear waters the reefs of red coral are clearly to be seen.

Much of its rocky bed is the growth of the coral insect.

Another reason, and probably the true one for the name of this sea* is the fact that along its eastern shore lies ancient Edom.

This name signifies Red.

It was given to the region not from the color of its sandstone hills, but from its people.

These are the descendants of him who came in, faint and weary from hunting, and said to his brother, "Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage, for I am faint;

therefore was his name called Edom."In the case of the Yellow Sea, its name is sufficiently accounted for from the appearance of its water.

The sea receives a great deal of mud from the rivers of China.

Moreover, it is shallow, and the sandy bottom gives its own color to the water a long way out from the shore.

The Black Sea affords us no intelligible account of its name.

Its waters are not black; they are described as of a deep blue;

like that which is seen in sunny weather off the southwestern shores of

England.

The Greeks, when they first made the acquaintance of this sea,called it by a name which signified The Inhospitable.

Later they called it The Hospitable.

It has naturally enough been inferred from this change in the name that, upon further acquaintance, the Greek sailors found these waters friendly.

But the Greeks were much in the habit of giving soft and flattering names to objects of their dread, and that may be what they did in this particular case.

The Greek name holds to this day among the older nations of Europe.

The Russians called the sea Black.

It seems not unlikely that the name was suggested by antithesis.

The sea lies to the south of Russia, as the White Sea lies to the north.

Had the latter borne the name North Sea, then the Euxine of the Greeks might have been called the

South Sea.

In the same way the Black Sea is set over against the White Sea.

It is stated that Bunyan's Pilgrims Progress has been printed in eighty-one different languages.

They are most fortunate who soonest learn to expect nothing for which they have not worked hard and who never acquired the habit of pitying themselves overmuch, if ever in after life they happened to work in vain.

A three-year-old girl, passing through the market, picked up a green pepper and tried to eat it.

She put it down hurriedly after taking one bite, and the marketman said, 'What's the matter with the fruit?""Vere was a bumblebee in it,"answered the girl between her sobs.

The Forum, which comes regularly to our table is one of the leading magazines of political, educational and social science literature of modern times.

The number for Jifne contains able articles from Senator Wade Hampton on "What

Negro Supremacy Means;"from Senator J. F. Wilson on "Government Regulation of Railways;"from Prof. Andrew

D. White on "The Next American University,"advocating a great national university at Washington; from

Prof. F.

A. March o*n "A Universal Language;"from Dr.

Howard Crosby on "The Haste to be Rich;"from Mrs. Julia Ward

Howe on "Men, Women and Money;"besides others of equal interest.

Timely subjects which occupy the attention of the foremost thinkers of the day are learnedly treated of in this excellent periodical, which is gaining popularity with every issue.

3H EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

Terms:

Two Dollars a Year, in advance.

Salt Lake City, June, 1888.

Y. M. M.

I. A. CONFERENCE.

The General Annual Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. A. convened in the Tabernacle Salt Lake City June 2nd at 10 o'clock a. m.

Asst. Genl. Supt. Junius F. Wells presiding.

Apostles Lorenzo Snow, F.

D.

Richards, John Henry Smith, Heber J.

Grant and John W.

Taylor were present and there was a large attendance of officers and members of the Associations and of the general public.

The singing exercises of the first meeting were rendered very effectively by a select choir of male voices, mostly members of the 21st Ward Association under the able direction of Elder

Thomas Mclntyre.

Glee:

Prayer. Elder Karl G. Manser.

Part Song:

Opening Address, by Elder Junius F.

Wells, as follows:

It is with feelings of great delight that

I see before me so many at the inaugural meeting of our conference. We have assembled this morning in the capacity of a general annual conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations; and in coming together it might be regarded as proper to refer, briefly, to the growth of our Association and to its present status and condition.

There have been societies designed for the purpose of improving the youth of Zion, organized among the people of God from the commencement almost of the work of God in this dispensation.

A society was organized in the city of Nauvoo, in which Elder Heber C. Kimball was an active worker under the auspices of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

The object of that society was the cultivation of its members in literature, in art, in science, and in general education.

Owing to the difficulties with which the people were surrounded it could not have a prosperous or a very lengthy career in that city.

But the spirit which characterized this organization was never lost sight of, and was never extinguished in the breasts ol those who participated in it, it was therefore only a question of time when it should be revived again.

After the settlement of these valleys of the mountains various leading Elders among the people were led to form societies of one kind and another for the mutual improvement of their members.

Some of these societies were debating clubs, some were more in the nature of social clubs or societies formed for recreation, and later on the young ladies of Zion were organized into what was, at that time, known as retrenchment societieSj the leading object and purpose of their organization being to effect reform in dress, to resist the influences of the world, in fashion, and to set the fashions of Zion for themselves.

Growing out from this society we have to-day the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Association, with a branch organized in every ward, almost, of the Church, and with an aggregate membership of from ten to fifteen thousand.

It was after this society had been in successful existence a considerable time that President Young was inspired to call upon the young men of Zion to organize themselves for mutual improvement, and under his immediate direction this society received its name and the general outline of its character was defined.

Those who were called to labor in effecting organizations, and sent out among the people were entertained with unbounded hospitality.

They were received by the young people with great enthusiasm, and our organization sprang into being with wonderful rapidity, societies being formed within two years in almost all of the organized wards of the

Church.

We have here, to-day, in response to the call for this conference, representatives from about twenty-five Stakes of

Zion.

They have come from Arizona and from Idaho; and from the remote

EDITORIAL.

parts of this Territory officers and members are assembled here to-day and will on the morrow, to receive instructions and counsel and guidance with respect to the labors they are expected to perform.

It is a matter of regret—and I feel it is for me to express, in behalf of the officers and members of this society, that regret—that the General Superintendency are unable to be present with us.

Circumstances with which we are all familiar prevent us from enjoying the great pleasure it would have been to us to have them with us, and to listen to their counsel; but we shall, before this Conference is concluded, hear from the

General Superintendency through an Epistle that will be read before us.

While we are together, as officers and members, we should concentrate our hearts and our minds upon the subject of this Conference.

We have come to learn how to improve ourselves and how to effect improvement among the youth of Zion.

We have come to be stimulated in our desires to improve the moral and intellectual condition of the young people of this community, and if we are sincere in our supplications to God in this capacity, if we are earnest?

in supporting those who shall speak and lecture to us, we shall, by our faith and prayers, call down upon us the blessings of heaven, so that we shall be enabled to say, when we depart from this conference, that it has been good for us to be here.

Lecture:

Government of the Associations.

Milton H. Hardy.

Glee:

Lecture:

Music in the Associations.

Evan Stephens.

Remarks by Apostle Heber J. Grant as follows:

I have been requested to make a few remarks, and I do so with pleasure.

It is gratifying to me at all times to meet with the Latter-day Saints, and to listen to the instructions, counsel and advice, that come from those who speak and lecture to them.

I have been very much pleased with the instructions that we have received this morning, and I trust that the suggestions that have been made will be acted upon, and that we will receive benefit thereby.

I realize that any amount of instruction or advice or counsel is of no practical worth to us unless we reduce the same to actual practice in our associations.

I believe that there is a great future before the youth of Israel; there is a great labor for them to accomplish, and if they will become awakened to the responsibility that rests upon them they will stop idle pleasures, and honestly labor to gain knowledge and information that will make them useful instruments in the hands of God of accomplishing His designs.

It is necessary for us to be inspired with a sense of the magnitude of the work devolving upon the youth of

Israel before we will take hold of that labor with the energy that will be necessary to accomplish it.

I believe that a great deal of the time of the Mutual Improvement Associations has been wasted because it has been felt impossible, unless the meetings were more for amusement than instruction, to get the people to turn out.

We will pay money for the privilege of going to a singing class, or a school or college, but we will not go of our own free will and accord to associations where the same instruction, the same advice and counsel are given to us gratis. The reason for this is, we do not appreciate the benefits to be derived.

No man will strive for eternal exaltation in the celestial kingdom of God unless he appreciates the greatness of that blessing.

We find men will waste their best energies on this earth and think nothing of the future life, because they know nothing about it, but if men once become inspired with a realization of the glories of the hereafter, then they are willing to sacrifice in this life whatever they are called upon to sacrifice to gain their object.

If the youth of Israel could comprehend the benefits that would accure to them and the good they could accomplish by study in these Associations they would go to work with a will and energy to accomplish all that is in their power.

I realize that the greatest benefit has accrued, through these Associations, and the efforts that have been

3*6 EDITORIAL.

made, to the youth of Israel in enabling them to get a testimony of the Gospel.

If the instructions of Brother Hardy are carried out, I believe that nothing will be more beneficial in enabling the youth of Israel to testify of the goodness of God.

There is nothing so soul inspiring as to listen to the testimonies of the youth of Israel that they are engaged in the work of God; except the pleasure I derive and the joy and satisfaction I experience in listening to the testimonies of the aged veterans that have spent a life time in battling for the work of God.

While it is pleasing to listen to the testimonies of the young people, yet it is much more pleasing to hear the testimonies of men that have spent a whole life time in the work of God, and are as ready to bear that testimony to day as when they first recieved the Gospel.

I bear my testimony to-day that good has been accomplished in the Mutual Improvement Associations, in the Primary

Associations, and in the Sunday Schools.

Remarks: by Treasurer William S.

Burton, who said it was very gratifying to notice the progress made by the Improvement Associations. Was reminded of the saying of the Savior that he came not to call the righteous but sinners to repentance, and felt that stronger efforts should be made to reclaim the wayward, to check the downward course of persons who had not yet been brought under the influence of the associations.

It was foolish for any to advocate precepts which they failed to carry out in practice. Some young people might be found who though not naturally bad, lacked the moral courage to incur ridicule and opposition by making known their real convictions or observing the precepts of their religion.

Illustrated from his own experience the effect of firmness in refraining from indulgence prohibited by our religion and testified that those who would do so would gain rather than forfeit respect by such a course.

Part Song:

Benediction. Supt.

J. Golden Kimball of Bear Lake.

p.

m.

The singing excercises by Evan Stephens'Juvenile Class were very fine, there being about a hundred well trained children's voices heard in some beautiful selections.

Chorus: Welcome to all.

Prayer Supt.

Charles Kelly of Box Elder.

Anthem Jerusalem my glorious Home.

Lecture: Libraries and Reading Rooms.

James A. Langton.

Organ Solo.

Prof. Jos. J. Daynes. Owing to the indisposition of Bessie Dean, the duet which was to have been sung by that lady and Nellie Druce-Pugsley, was not rendered; but an organ solo was given instead.

Lecture:

Study and Lessons of History.

J. M. Tanner.

Statistical Report:

General Secretary George C. Lambert read the totals of the statistical report, remarking that reports had been received from all the Stakes but San Juan, and that from some

Stakes only partial returns had been made, owing to the failure of certain Associations to send in their reports in time to be included.

Forty Associations were thus accounted for, whose membership, taken at the average of those reporting, would increase the number of associations to 400 and the membership to about 15,500.

Address:

Supt. Lyman R. Martineau of Cache, as follows:

He remarked that an important question which should occupy the attention of members, and especially of officers of

Associations is: How can the young make themselves useful to society, to make a living for themselves and others, and leave an honored name behind them?

He had noticed that many of the young spent much time and means in the smoking of cigarettes, useless idleness, drinking, etc., failing to benefit themselves or others.

The time would come when such would feel to say to their more studious, industrious and thrifty fellows:

"Divide with us your substance!"It was of such material as loafers that anarchists were made.

Such should be reached after and reclaimed by the Associations.

Chorus: Good Night.

EDITORIAL.

Benediction:

Supt. Philip Stringham, of Uintah.

7.50 p. m. Organ prelude by Professor

Jos. J. Daynes, during which a very large audience had assembled.

The Ladies and Children's Chorus under direction of

Prof. Stephens and the Stephens'Opera

Company rendered some delightful selections.

The duet of Evan Stephens and Mrs. Agnes Thomas and the quartette by R. C. Easton, H. G. Whitney, Heber

Goddard and John D.

Spencer were gems of the singing exercises and were much appreciated.

Hymn: Hail to the Brightness of Zion's

Glad morning.

Prayer:

Supt. John'F.

Allred, of San Pete.

Duet and Chorus:

"God bless our Mountain Home."Lecture: Study of the Book of Mormon. Thomas A. Shreeve.

Quartette: The Soldier's Farewell.

Lecture:

Science in the Associations.

James E. Talmage.

Chorus: Song of the Redeemed.

Benediction:

Supt. Wm.

P.

Sargent, of Panguitch.

SECOND DAY.

a. m.

A very large congregation assembled.

The singing of the Tabernacle choir, and the organ solo by Prof. Daynes were much appreciated.

Hymn, "Sweet is the work, my God my King."Prayer, Elder William M. Palmer.

Hymn, "I'll serve the Lord while I am young."Address, Superintendent Edward H.

Anderson, of Weber, as follows:

There are many things which we can do, as Saints, which are proper, and many others which are improper.

This applies especially to our amusements.

Upon one occasion, the Prophet

Isaiah reproved the Jews on account of their manner of fasting. He taught them how to fast.

The speaker read from Isaiah lviii.

The proper way to fast is to do it in the spirit of fasting, and the proper way for us to engage in amusements, is to do so in the Spirit of God, a right and proper spirit.

The officers of Associations must be guided by those above them, and again in turn, should guide the members of the societies.

I have been asked, Is it wrong to go bathing, or to the canyons, on Sunday?

In turn, I would ask, Can a man break a commandment of God, and yet do right?

The speaker repeated the second commandment and said it was as applicable to the Latter-day Saints, as to the Jews in the days of Isaiah.

I have also been asked, Is it right for us, as Latter-day Saints, to go to the lake to bathe, and to the canyons, at any time, mingling with the mixed society found in such places.

In answer I would say, that if you have been so trained that you can engage in these pleasures, in company with the abandoned and corrupt, then it will not be harmful to you to do so.

But if you are not able to mingle with vice and wickedness without being in some degree contaminated, it is better for you to keep separate from them.

The speaker expressed the opinion that the young people of the Latter-day

Saints, as a rule, would be injured morally and spiritually, by association with the vicious and wicked;

that they could not mingle with such society without being contaminated more or less, and injured morally and spiritually.

He thought it better for the young people of the Saints to indulge in their own amusements, separate from the mixed society which often frequents places resorted to for amusement.

Organ solo:

"The Pilgrim's Song of Hope."Lecture:

Home Literature;

Orson F.

Whitney.

Anthem:

"Sing to the Lord a joyful strain."Benediction.

Superintendent J.

E.

Johnson, of Emery Stake.

2 p. m.

It became necessary to open the gallery of the Tabernacle, in order to accommodate the vast concourse of people assembled.

The Tabernacle choir supplied the music, and the quartette by Lizzie Thomas, Emily S. Grow,

William D. Foster and M. J.

Thomas, was beautifully sung.

3i8 EDITORIAL.

Hymn:

"Earth is the place where Christ will reign."Prayer.

Superintendent Joseph H.

Felt, of Salt Lake Stake.

Hymn:

"Again we meet around the board."The Sacrament was administered by the Priesthood of the Fourth Ward.

Secretary George C.

Lambert, presented the general officers of the Y. M.

M.

I.

A., who were unanimously sustained, as follows:

President Wilford Woodruff, General

Superintendent.

Apostles Joseph F. Smith and Moses

Thatcher, counselors.

Elders Junius F.

Wells, Milton H.

Hardy, Rodney C. Badger and Joseph A.

West, Assistants to the General Superintendency.

Elder George C. Lambert, Secretary.

Elder William S. Burton, Treasurer.

Epistle of the General Superintendency: Read by Elder Ben. E. Rich.

Quartette: "Lord Remember Me."

Lecture: On studying the doctrines of the Church.

John Nicholson.

Anthem: "Great and Glorious is thy Name, O Lord."Benediction:

Supt. Adelbert Cazier of Juab Stake.

7.50 p.

m.

A great congregation crowded the body of the house and the galleries.

The singing was by the Tabernacle choir and a beautiful song by Mrs.

Julia Silverwood.

Zion's Choral Union had been advertised to render selections from the Oratorio of Belshazzar, but after the announcement had been made it was discovered to be impracticable to hold that organization together until the conference.

Hence the change in the programme.

Hymn: "Come all ye Sons of Zion."

Prayer:

Supt.

Charles England, of Oneida Stake.

Hymn: "With all my powers of heart and tongue."Address: Supt. George H. Brimhall of

Utah Stake spoke.

He said that that hour of a nation was most dangerous when it sought to withdraw itself from its parent government; so it was with human beings.

There are hours in the existence of men when friends forsake them.

A young man may be deprived of the guidance of father and mother, but if he has walked in the right path, he can look to his Eternal Father, and receive the light.

The channel of communication with heaven is open.

These associations are in the field as aids to the

Priesthood.

The associations should be miniature schools of the Prophets.

As President Woodruff has said, every young man in Zion should be a member.

There was almost a mania among the young people of a certain Stake for pleasure-seeking on the Sabbath day.

The voice of the Priesthood was raised against this wrong. The young men had been called on, and the result of the combined effort was that the evil was checked.

In the days of Joshua, his hands were held up, and the victory was given to Israel.

If to-day the young men bear up the hands of the Priesthood by striving for good, the victory will be given.

Let us go forth to-morrow, determined to work out the problem of life in the path of eternal success.

Lecture: A Course of Reading. Junius

F. Wells.

Sacred Song: "God in Mercy hear our

Prayer."Exhortation:

Apostle John H. Smith spoke as follows: A Jewish sage of old once remarked that the path of duty in this world was the road to salvation in the next.

During the time that we have been together in this Conference many subjects have been touched upon by those who have delivered lectures, both written and oral, and from the minds of those who have spoken unto us have come gems of worth.

An all-absorbing question to us should be, can we perform our part and well and faithfully discharge the duties assigned unto us?

One of the telling remarks of the past, made by an impure yet gifted English admiral, as he stood in front of the enemy, was, "England expects this day that every man will do his duty."The same remark might be made to-day to us by those who have sought to counsel us amid scenes of trial and difficulty. We have been taught the

EDITORIAL.

principles that pertain to life. We have been schooled, to some extent, in every branch that is designed to make man noble and advance him in the scale of bis being.

From the lips of our brethren have fallen burning words of truth, urging us to press forward in the discharge of the duties and responsibilities that pertain to us as young men in the community in which we reside.

They have held up before us a mirror in which we can see ourselves as we are, have presented unto us a likeness of what we may be by the application of our minds in the proper direction, and in an effort to mark out for ourselves a course that will be worthy and acceptable and pleasing to our Father in heaven.

May we learn to perform well all our duties; to act well the part that has been assigned unto us;

to realize the duties that God has imposed upon us in the holy Priesthood; and though we may have to make sacrifices in accomplishing our mission, yet may we be true and faithful and be able to say as the Savior said, "Father, thy will be done, not mine."Remarks: Asst. General Supt Rodney

C. Badger said:

I desire to add my testimony to that of my brethren.

I know that God has revealed the plan of salvation through Joseph Smith, the Prophet.

The powers of evil are arrayed against us; but we will have strength to overcome if we are honest and energetic.

This conference is in advance over what we have had in the past.

The testimonies we have heard are in force upon us, and God will hold us accountable for our future conduct in the light of the instructions we have received.

May we ever be found diligent in our mission, be true to our covenants and stand true to the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

May our example show that we believe what we profess, and that we are willing to make any sacrifice for the truth.

It is a little thing to lay down our lives in defence of

God's work, when we have a knowledge that we will gain salvation in the presence of God.

May we receive that priceless boon—eternal life.

The "Course of Reading,"presented in the lecture of Elder Junius F. Wells, was voted upon and unanimously adopted.

It comprises for the first year, the following:

Theology:

First Principles of the Gospel, by B. H. Roberts.

History:

History of England, by Charles Dickens.

Science:

First Book of Nature, by James E. Talmage.

Biography:

Life of Nephi, by George Q. Cannon.

General Literature:

Select Readings, by Washington Irving.

Elder Evan Stephens was presented and unanimously sustained as Musical Director of the Y. M. M.

I. A., with instructions to prepare a plan for the introduction of suitable musical exercises in the Associations, to be submitted to and approved by the General Superintendency.

Elder Junius F. Wells then returned thanks to those who had contributed to the success of the Conference, in supplying the music, the entertainment for visitors, railway accommodations, etc., and announced the adjournment of the

Conference until the first week in June, 1889, to meet in this place, unless otherwise directed.

Anthem:

"We hail Thee lovely Deseret."Benediction.

President Angus M.

Cannon.

Love and passion are two often confounded.

They are quite distinct.

Love elevates and refines, passion degrades and depresses; love enlarges the heart, passion narrows the mind.

I have said a thousand times, and I say again, that the idea of immortality that, like a sea has ebbed and flowed in the human heart, with its countless waves of hope and fear beating against the shores and rocks of time and fate, was not born of any book, nor of any creed, nor of any religion.

It was born of human affection, and it will continue to ebb and flow beneath the mists and clouds of doubt and darkness as long as love kisses the lips of death.

Col.

Ingersoll.

c/3W oiDHOWJ w> HUW ca'D jo -o^ pnOJ, ioioo\oc(ciociHioaoo\H-tMio(TOiovOH

Tf 00 io cono HOO n Wllfl OOO O M O H fl\ S *AO OoonOOmOIOONCMOOCMM -j-00 LOnO VOONM*CMMMMMM L") CM ^HIOH *H N N H fl tl O COM H H oo ooN MM o© •SnO9UB[I90SIJ^ coco >o O m m n m co in -+• ro -+ r^ ci n o -to ro -r -1-0 n cm -i- f m m O] O CI NO N *NO NO lo CO M ON CM * NOO M * N * CM NO NO 't On O O M H CM H MVOH M MHO) ON ON O CO oo •pABJi lONNlOOO M i-ulff) NO VO CM CO CO VO M H M M CO M CO H M H M ON H J- poiiqod *NO PHOH 1<)M U)H N CO CM O CONO CM M M N T ON M H M <M 0)M cc ^oiqdBjSoig!flNH H 10 000 tOM * tJ->£> 10 C( ^HO t N tj- Ovd On On lo^o O CO M ^O CT> M MM m M CO M Tf VO •ogijugps COVO wC->Cn1 O O S i-hlO CNOnh COCO t^MCOCOON iOOONmNCOOn ON o* •jbouoisih OnN 0vD0N00C0C0CO>OC%O00000COC0«OCO00>O^rMrt0 0iOlOl0 co^ tNH co m co on mwh cm c^c^Io^cN^co NO NO •p3UUP0Q On N tj- On N COCO NiOM rfO HOI MCOOlO -^-COC^CnIoO tJ-00 C^'"*- lOtOCOTT H M H CO MO CO WH rjCOHmhOn CMN oM •Aaojstj-i qDanq3 COM HlO H 0>Ult MUOt^COLOON-^-NO^tONOvOCNI CI CO CO H in ON N Mm CO'* MCI mmcn!

N cohcnm m hcomno M H VO NON P=5 •AOQ # 9UUJD0Q Ct "1 UNHflOOnaMinCICI't^HOMNOCilNtMOOHNOOiCC't COM Tj-COMCOCO CM 1/)H (N.

HMTj- M CNICX CO NO -«s3 •uouijoj^ jo jpog + N m NNO NO N ONOvM lO"~jMOO LOCO CO CM * m 000 ^-CMCO O HOOO ONO CO h NUI^ MCOCMMCOTj- t^ nOCMcvCMNCMhCMIOOnOM MM m 0» M CO CM NOM E=3 E—

P=3 Be- •3iqia NOOOVO O CM ONIOO IOCOM00 ^CM COO) lOO "J-M NO N *0\H>0* MOO CM M Q\ IOVO MOlOCMMMMTfMCOCOMMMOCO-^-CO'^-COMCOlONOON

MMCNM MCOMH CMM vo NO* CM •sasioaaxg jBoisnj^ COtsCONMMM ioiomOCMOnONNOloCv^-O-^-mmvON-^-^-OnOn >OCO On-^-^CO CO^NOO OiOOiNvONNtO U) N «1 in O M CM H O M CM M CM On CO suoiyeurepaa * + « m covo t>.io nooco m nON+N^tOMHCicovoion IO to if -^-\0 MCMCOCM MIO mtjmO IONO nOCMCTtJ-m IOCMOCMOn MM CO MM VO o M E—

C=> CO -sj jo -on OnOnO ONW00 lO-^-lOCO OCO m m lOO CM COCOCOOOO TfCvCOM rvONCM OHHHCOCIdClCONHMOOH^'j-CO 1/) \t NM 10 CO ^00 O O MMCMCMM CMO m CMlOM M COO M* giuog samouiijsaj^ jo -on NOC^CMMrfNOMCOCO^CNONMNOCMNNONNNONOoOinOMOOCMON moo m tiON+NNco^iOO mooooo CM -<j-NCO "d-co-^-oo m tMOM On TfCM Mt>.

HMCM lO MCMMMM MMMIOMN N oo* NO •pBQ-^i sX-essg JO - o>j CM0O UNUTtO>OCOHNT)-CHO0OHCONCI OnnO M O O + O ") N ^OO t~v lO^ CONmcomm com "4- On CMmtj-ioco h CI N CO CM H NO MM E-| PCS •sJ3dT3<j "SIM jo -ojsj CM COOO 00 M M On CO M *nO COCO MMlO HlOOMO + ^NCON+HIO MMTf MP) M Tf'N ON Hff) IN CM 3N s^oog jo sn\ej^ OoOmO ifiiooooiOmooOOOOMOOi'ii'li'lMOOioOio

OvOONO CMCMOOOOOioOOioOOOoonOOOnonOmOOOCMN

OlOO MO IO*OOWN'tO>OCICOOi010COWHOCHO«)CIOHN(l >OcO O CO* * >o CO 10 10<0 MOiON lOCOCOHO *« N NmMOO CM O CONO Nmm M(M m COXO in TfvO CO VO M O MM CM M OO NO NOM CMM «9b •psppv 'ON 10 m LO CO On m COnO no CMCn>00NN mmCnIOO CMm -4- ^t H H OOCM voM CO 1-2 -a!

E-< I—

•sauinjo^Y J° '°N t>COO'"*-CO IO lOCI NO CO COOO M VO NO CM 00 "3- LOCO CM VOnO Cn< no VO On «tf lO H « 0* no com OnnO *n to CONO VOOO lOO Of NCO* NCMm COMCM* *M H CM M mmO no *CO m OOMOn M M oONN CO •sauBjqiq jo 'O^j NO O CM VOOO 00*COMCMNO«COVOCO*MCMCM-<j-COCM *M NlO M M M M M M vo M s SUOISSIJ^ U0 - SU13JAJ -0^ CO On *nO 00 M 00 VO VO tJ-nO O 00

CM N O *00 O NO M CM *nO * On CO O M CO H M CM M N M CM CO saaoiyoS^OJOsjisiA CMOOOCMOnOCMOOOnCMmmvO -ClONCOiOH 8 a* HCOlflO-l-O K C| H H IOIO MM H N M ^OMMMM M M COM* NO ON -1- EseJ 'P3IM 'sjddv 'ssipfj UN VOVO*CO0O MCOVO NN VQON *CO MCMOOMCMOOON NCOCOCM COMM M On mmCMmnonO m CM NO Ct5 •uosBas sq;

joj s§ut;39jy\[ ibjojl N<M M ONH CO*N« VOWnOOVO OCO -t-COOO ONO M NCOO IOOOO -t H CO CO vo(M COM M NO *N *NO NO*COCOOMrf-NcOMCOOoOONCMOON

CMCO CMNO COM k MM CMmmm CMMCOMHMMMMOOCNNO M NO ON coN ts—

•sSupagj^ EJ}Xg JO 'OfJ VOCMnOOOCMMOONO COHCOMOO VOOO MOOMMM *C1 NOVON MMHM M MMM NM CO NO &3 EC "suotsssg juiofuo^ jo -on N *nO On On CM N OnnO no * ON ON M *00 O NM * CO O CO*N»0*VO00 On COOO (MMM MCO CMNOCMNCMOONOCM CMMIOCMN* H M CM M O ONN jo 'ON 00 m M M CO OnnO OnOO NO VOC-I NOO *nO CONtTNCM CMnO VOCM ONNm VO CM^CM ON NO * M * CONO M On COOO CMN-1-CMN0CMCMNN NnO NO

On CO O M CT* M*P1M M MM ONMMCMH M M ** N M co vo S90U3J3JUO3 9:>[B)S 0{vI CMCMCMCMH *M010101COCM CI N h ***m CMH CMCM NO E-H p=2 «=5 "SI9qUI9p\[ }0U 9>fBJS tit uaj/j Suno^ NOO CM ON**M COO *0 ltinO CM NOO vo CO *nO CM OOOU-jvovorON NmmOnCMMN*OnmnO VO ON VOnOCMNOIVOON nOMN*vonOm MMVO CO CM0101 mmOnmOI co p- P=3 90UEpU9UV 3°BJ9AV CM O O COCOO lOCO NnO CO*CMO>mOnmOOnOmcOmvOCOHnOmOnNO

CONO OnmvoOnO ONCM n-NONCOO M CM NMOO OnnO N M N O CM CMCO CONHOIM M MCMMMVO CO COO) MMMMNOOl VO"NONN—2 -S3 E—

CO •9SF9J0UJ CMM NCOONN COOnm rfvO VO vo * NOO CM * * CM N \0 00 *00 CM MMM CONCM *01MMOOMH M NON •sj9qui9p\[ jo -on OOlOO M *ONM0000 NO COCOOnOnO moono

Onvom m OnOnmvO On h CONNONO N*N*voONOn*vom * CM m *^-On00

OnoOnO CM CM Onw mnOnO *VOM*MM*CMM COHHCONCHCHlOHTt-COHCOHCiaflOO m (Mm CMN CO fc—

-ai E—

CO •suopBioossy jo •ofj O CM *0 CONCM00 COVOCOOO ONOOVO ONNO ThCOVONOOO MCO H VOCOnO NOnCM

MMMOIM M *MM01M CM NO CO w C/3.oJ.»-« j.

.

. _t* «,.jn iioj.

..

cc si % S'lll l-s I'Sl 111 %lt « s^f*^! 6 ll-s l-s rt u <u o ca cart fc s v^k5S^i5£ * ctj 13 c5 5 *J 6 *s «J 3 c °^fN*> "ci o H

s-^^^I. SHIELDS &c CO.,^^ 43 & 45 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, j t confections I G. F. Culmer & Bros.,:SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH,;

Manufacturers of and Dealers in MMMIIM1IIIUHBI m^fflHmMinmini!

BBBM1I1 i Workers in German Silver and S-laaSi mil MANUFACTURERS OF SHOW CASKS.

Wholesale Grocers '** D 2£uhf* tbe "* Enamel Paints.

L D. YOUNG, AGENT FOR UTAH.

James V Hayes, ]auks Mureay, Edwiw Q. Paeteidob *faijes, qnM&ij ^ Co.,-* MANUFACTUREHS Ladies', Misses', Children's, Boys and Youths ^* TTi°E¥TV «* N0 - 1103 R*CE ST8HUlV».

Philadelphia Iff;m1 lie Sole.A-g'en.t foe Pleasant Valley, Anthracite, Coke, Charcoal AND PIG IRON.- A. L. WILLIAMS, s. main streit.

dofon @. ©catlep W 8po., O-AGENTS,^ PROVO ^^QQI.^X GOODS, Always have in Stock a Fine Lin* of

Home Made Suitings, Dress Goods, Flannels and Yarn.

OLD CO.NSTITTJTIOH BUILDIN Q. )§ R. C. CHAMBERS, President.

F. A. MITCHELL, Sec'y A Manager.

DEALERS IN From the WASATCH and CBISMOK MLNES, m PLEASANT VALLEY COAL From the Utah Central Railway Co's Mines.

OFFICE at No. 40 Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Telephone No. 384.

OPPOSITE Z. C. M.

I.

P. O. Box 927 Orders delivered to any address in the city, or furnished at the yard at regular rates.

GLOBE MEAT MARKET.

*-fe OPPOSITE Z. C M- I- (ft-*—^—~<5) Keeps Constantly on Hand a Splendid Assortment of the

FIITEST MEATS Beef, Mutton, Veal, Pork, Sausages, Home Oxxred. Hana,s and Breakfast Bacon.- +» GAME IN SEASON, Orders Carefully Filled and Satisfaction Guaranteed.

ROBERT SHERWOOD, PROPRIETOR.

R. K. THOMAS, P:ry Goods, Clotlxirxg, Notions, R. K. THOMAb.

IT IS THE BEST TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO.

T2a.e [I-iargrest; Sale of m,ixy '.Tobacco

Ian.'tTa.e$ T*7"orldL ToT~PL tA ji U RE~7 i^yF<>RT,HEALT"SMOKE THE OLD MANUFACTURED ONLY BY W.T.BlhckWklta & Co.

I IAR BECAUSE BEL I ABI E, IBTr^BTOl^r. 0-^-I5IDXTE3I5 CO..

PAMtUinntiAn rnn *A Made of Annealed Steel and fialvanixed Wire, and wwiiiwiiiuuwii WIIWW • pw£«d.

Thfa fa th« Bast Jam and Garden fence ltaA*

IXftde oxx IrcLprc-vedL Flam..

Settsr t5a.«M. R-n y Impe»t«d Agents for the ColebrAted HOUSEHOLD SEWINGr MACHINES

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN

ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., Guns, Rifles, Pistols, l|«Sd*s, ]f ast&all $no&$, $ y i#tfl *«Vf—-»-2-^* oSEMD FOB CATALOGUE* » Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

SIERRA NEVADA LUMBER ASSOCIATION or UTAH e oooooooooooooooooooooooooO o o LUMBER.

?§ 2Q £ £ Mill Work in all its Branehea.

Oak, Aeh, Cherry, Walnut, Butternut, Mahogany, Spaniel* Cedar, Prima Vera, Etc., in Stock.

Hard and Soft Wood Mantels, to Order. Stair Building a Specialty.

T-5- o 0000000000000 000 00000000 One-half Block South U.

SAL J LAKE CITY.

i£&* } s.

j, LYNN. Supt.

JOHN RBADING, PIONEER Florist of Utah.

tri:es, shrubs, plants and seeds, Of Every Description, Acclimated, and Warranted U be Reliable.

Send for Catalogue.

Orders by Mali GarefoUy Atteaded to.

OF The Contributor Company have arranged for the production (at the hands of Messrs. Hall's Sons, of New York—the leading steel engravers of America) of a Steel Engraved Portrait of the late President Brigham Young.

This engraving will be from the last photograph of the President taken in his life-time.

It will be a bustlikeness upon an oval square background, the engraved surface being 12x15 inches, printed upon cards 19x24 inches.

The object in view is to supply an entirely satisfactory portrait of our distinguished leader, better than any that has preceded it, and equal to any that can possibly come after.

The engraving will be furnished in the following styles, specimens of which may now be seen at The Contributor

Office, No. 40 Main Street, opposite Z. C M.

I.

.Artist Proofs.

There will be struck from the steel, three hundred Artist Proofs.

These will be numbered consecutively, will bear the autograph of the

President and will be signed by the engraver.

There is nothing in steel engraving that equals in elegance and desirability the first impressions from a fine steel plate known as

Artist Proofs.

.These three hundred will be supplied to subscribers only, numbered in the order in which their subscriptions are received, at Five Dollars each.

Ind.iSL Proofs.

There will he struck from the steel, after the Artist Proofs, two hundred India Proofs.

These are usually represented as the finest engravings, and indeed they are second only to the first impressions.

They will not be numbered nor signed, but will bear the autograph of the President.

These will be sold to subscribers at Two Dollars and Fifty Cents each.

The above five hundred will be all that will be printed from the steeL •PletlrL Proofs.

These will be printed from steel-surface electrotypes, and a copy will be given to every subscriber of the Tenth Volume of The Contributor—the leading serial of which will be a history of The Administration of Governor Brigham Young.

Price of Subscription, $2.50, which also includes the Plain Proof

Engraving and Binding at the end of the year.

The subscription book for the Engravings is now open at The Contributor Office.

Subscribers'names will be recorded in the order in which they are received, and receipts given for payments made.

The Artist Proofs will be delivered about the first of September.

The India Proofs a short time after, and the Plain Proofs upon payment of subscription after October 1st.

*« -V.JfeS Heber J Grant, Prpst'J. F. Grant, Manager r¥g G. T, Odell, Asst. Mgr R. S Wells, Treas.

C.W.&M.Co Co-OD.Waffon -A?

PAID UP CAPITAL, $150. OOO.

b Leading Agricultural ImplsmEiit Hou:e of Utah. E> 5g ru Li LTUTjri\n.ru~LriJTruTJTn.nLJTJTJTrL^^ *<<£ REPRESENTS THE K>« *§ Mitchell Wagons.

Bain Wagons.

«^ Wood Machines, Deere Plows, llussell & Co. 's Machinery, •Sfi;

CARRIAGES, BUGGIES, ROAD CARTS, HARNESS.

Half Block South of Theatre, K?5 SALT LAK© CITY, UTAH 5ff £ C.W.&M.CO it^M^^?^^ Hawlj, Young \ Corapanj.

Opp. Z.C.M.I., East Temple St., Salt Lake City.

Unexcelled Ory Goods, Newest Varieties.

Standard Prices.

Staple and Fancy Groceries, Always Faesh and Wholesome.

A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF ©COTS zfrd SHOES.

ttverytkmg for footwear in the Best Styles.

Town & Countrr Trad* Carmfulh Attended to.

nJTJTJTJTjrrurrLnjTri n_TLQ ->£ CASH * ASSETS, arm.

msuuuruns\ja K s b crLrunJinrLrup «fni r? t irr\ X TTS A Successful r HOME IN- 5 SCRANCE ^ COMPANY.

chruiruTjTJUi/umnrLri-ruxrb Guarantesa Fair Treatment and Absolute Security againat FIR. El 2 Cents a day protects your house for $lQOQ.

HeberJ.Grant&Co,, (Bttntral SLgmt*, 4oyVlAiN jSt., Salt Lake City,