November

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER, 1888.

PAGE.

Steel Engraving:

Portrait of Erastus Snow Frontispiece.

The Prophet and his Successor Trip to Edmund Kean's Cottage Robert W. Sloan Entering Jerusalem by Moonlight '.'., Joseph M.

Tanner.

Thoughts on Civilization George Reynolds Some Toilers of the Sea;.-.

G. K. in Harper's Weekly...

Cleanliness and Cholera Jas. E. Talmage Literary Dram-Drinking Spectator.

A New Witness for God.

VIII B. H Roberts Art Sketches of the Yellowstone *>.

Alfred Lambourne Erastus Snow (Biographical) Last Discourse of Apostle Erastus Snow 2S The Religion of Robert Burns.

I.„Horatio Editorial: The World's Unbelief.

The Course of Reading Truth—a Poem Orson F. Whitney Association Intelligence...

WHY SHOULD YOTJ ETVTK^R Against:Your 0^*m Industries?

If you ask your storekeeper to sell our Soaps he'll do It.

Startling Improvements Have Been.Made in Them.

OJ-. H. S1TZLL, 2s/£grr.

operatiYe tferrantllefnstit'n,

ORGANIZED OCTOBLR '6th, President WfLFORD WOODRUFF Vice President, MOSF.K "P'ATCHER, Secretary and Treasurer.

T.

,,T EBBER -D1REC n H GEO. Q. CANNON.

JOS. F. SMI'1H, HEBER [. GRANT IOHN SHARP, GEGRGE ROMXiA TOHN R. WINI'»KK.

"HENRY DINVV'O'>DKV P.

T. FARNSWORTH JOHN R BARNES, WILLIAM H ROWE, THOS. W JENNINGS Mannfaeturvi s. Importer*, ai:<i it hcesal*'ami Retail Dealers in JJ Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AT OGDEN, Webe r County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

Co operative Stores and the General Public artinvited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Tinware and Stamped Ware, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Heavu and Shelf Hardware, Stoves, Grates and Rajiges, Tools and Implements, Stationery and Blank Books, School Books, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Hats and Caps, Paper Hangings, Boots and Shoes, Rubber Goods, Leather and Findings, Pure Drugs and Medicines.

Wines and Liquors Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

S&^Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careful Attention.

T. G. WEBBER, Supt,

=THE^ Thomson % Tajloi Spice go.,-^ [SANS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of trie Ram- TT> TT> T"~\ /~A TZ> f~\ C^^ T "\.7"TZT^—o^s Brand of:^=5 ±V Xl/ J-J 0irCV_7O\O -Lv X JZvi 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET, o:raoAQO.i ^.•••""•'".i., W&4.!> "*«<**« f g The people of Utahi.

i are sensibly united'-, in preferlug tlsotae'..

made at V In relation to « Z. C. M. I SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brand.

AMERICA AHEAD!!!

Ill I I I I ftA A kiT 1 n ITHE BESTTHREAD wrSEWING MACHINES.

TT I bkl Ifl SIX-CORD SPOOL COTTON FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING DEALEUs.

ASK FOR IT I BUY IT U TRYI^

B.

F\ TEASIDRla, F. O BOX 352.

SJL.TjT Xi^.IC-e CITY.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, and all kinds of

CENERAL MERCHANDISE.

BEST H0U8E FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

X>.

O. OAJUT>E>Ig, EXHIBITED AT ALL IMPORTANT WORLD'S INDUSTRIAL ^ COMPETITIVE EXHIBITIONS SINCE THE YEAR I867 ^5 *A MASON k HAMLIN ORGANS HAVE ALWAYS 4 f\ +* & best ^ S^ B EEN F0UND BEST AND AWARDED *A K/ THF MUSICAL *Qf\ HIGHEST HONORS.

SEND A |N MASON AND TONE, GREAT- U k FOR CATALOGUE ^* I A* P HAMLIN COMPANY h EST EXCELLENCE AND DURABILITY.

THE MASON & HAMLIN COMPANY PLEDGE THEMSELVES THAT EVERY PIANO OF THEIR MAKE SHALL ILLUSTRATE THAT VERY HIGHEST EXCELLENCE WHICH HAS ALWAYS CHARACTERIZED THEIR ORGANS.

CATALOGUE WITH FULL DESCRIPTION FREE IA6 p ONE HUNDRED STYLES, ADAPTED TO ALL USES FROM THE SMALLEST. YET HAVING THE MASON 6c HAMLIN CHARACTERISTICS, at #22.up to^900.etc

MANUFACTURE UPRIGHT PIANOFORTES t ADDING TO ALL IMPROVEMENTS ONE OF PECULIAR PRACTICAL VALUE, TENDING TO GREATEST PURITY AND REFINEMENT OF TONE AND DURABILITY, ESPECIALLY DIMINISHED LIABILITY TO GET OUT OF TUNE.

CIRCULARS SOLD O^nT E^-S7Z"t:e:r,2!v£s, L.I FREE, N CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED 45 and 47 W. First South St., Salt Lake City.

Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

xnrsiVY-THxa^a- •m^.T zbtti:e-.:d:e:r© aranaro SOUTH TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY.

A ^TJd^Iv E^IVGRAVING OF The Contributor Company have secured the production (at the hands of Messrs.

Hall's Sons, of New York—the leading steel engravers of America) of a Steel Engraved Portrait of the late President Brigham Young.

This engraving is from the last photograph of the President taken in his life-time.

It is a bustlikeness upon an oval-square background, the engraved surface being 13x16 inches, printed upon cards 19x24 inches.

The object in view, which has been entirely successful, was to supply a satisfactory portrait of our distinguished leader, better than any that has preceded it, and equal to any that can possibly come after.

The engraving will be furnished in the following styles, specimens of which may now be seen at The Contributor Office, No.

Main Street, opposite Z. C M.

I.

A-xtist Pioofs.

There have been struck from the steel, three hundred Artist Proofs.

These are numbered consecutively, bear the autograph of the

President -and are signed by the engraver.

There is nothing in steel engraving that equals in elegance and desirability the first impressions from a fine steel plate known as Artist

Proofs.

These three hundred will be supplied to subscribers only, numbered in the order in which their subscriptions are received, at Five Dollars each.

India, Proofs.

There were struck from the steel, after the Artist Proofs, two hundred India Proofs.

These are usually represented as the finest engravings, and indeed they are second only to the first impressions.

They are not numbered nor signed, but bear the autograph of the President.

These will be sold to subscribers at Two Dollars and

Fifty Cents each.

Plain. Proofs.

These are printed from steel-surfaced electrotypes, and a copy will be given to every subscriber to the Tenth Volume of The Contributor.

Price of Subscription, $2.50, which also includes the Plain Proof

Engraving and Binding at the end of the year Free.

Now is the time to subscribe.

aonsrmsuBTXT'oiR office, 40 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

P.

0. Box 305.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor1001eng

O^tUL&ij

THE CONTRIBUTOR, Vol. X.

NOVEMBER, 1888.

No.

1.

THE PROPHET AND HIS SUCCESSOR.

Of all the men who were raised up as friends to the Prophet Joseph Smith, there was none more ardent, nor constant in his friendship for him, than the man who became his successor—President Brigham Young.

President Young was baptized April 14th, 1832;

and, the same month, in company with Heber C.

Kimball, and his brother, Joseph Young, he started for Kirtland, to see the Prophet.

On arriving at Kirtland, they found him and several of his brothers, in the woods, chopping and hauling wood.

Of this meeting, President Young says:

"Here my joy was full, at the privilege of shaking hands with the Prophet of God, and receiving the sure testimony by the Spirit of prophesy, that he was all that any man could believe him to be, as a true Prophet.

He was happy to see us, and bade us welcome.

In the evening, a few of the brethren came in, and we conversed together upon the things of the kingdom.

He called upon me to pray.

In my prayer, I spoke in tongues.

As soon as we arose from our knees, the brethren flocked around him, and asked him his opinion concerning the gift of tongues that was upon me.

He told them it was the Adamic language. Some said to him, they expected he would condemn the gift, but he said 'no, it is of God; and the time will come when Brother Brigham Young will preside over this Church.'The latter part of this conversation was in my absence."In the Fall and Winter of 1832, there was a terrible spirit of apostasy manifested at Kirtland; and on one occasion several of the Twelve, the witnesses of the Book of Mormon and other leading Elders in the Church met in council, in one of the upper rooms of the Temple, and discussed the question of how the

Prophet Joseph could be deposed and David Whitmer, one of the three special witnesses to the Book of Mormon, be chosen President of the Church.

President Young was at that council, but remained steadfast in his loyalty to the absent prophet.

He thus describes the part he took on that occasion:

"I arose and told them in a plain and forcible manner that Joseph was a prophet, and I knew it; and that they might rail at and slander him as they pleased, they could not destroy the appointment of the prophet of God; they could only destroy their own authority, cut the thread which bound them to the prophet and to God, and sink themselves to hell.

Many were highly enraged at my decided opposition to their measures, and Jacob Bump, an old pugilist, was so exasperated that he could not be still.

Some of the brethren near him put their hands on him, and requested him to be quiet; but he writhed and twisted his arms and body, saying, 'how can I keep my hands off that man?'I told him if he thought it would give him any relief, he might lay them on. The meeting was broken up without the apostates being able to unite on any decided measure of opposition.""This was a crisis when earth and hell seemed leagued to overthrow the prophet and Church of God.

The knees of many of the strongest men in the Church faltered.

THE PROPHET AND HIS SUCCESSOR.

"During this siege of darkness,

I stood close by Joseph, and with all the wisdom and power God bestowed upon me, put forth my utmost energies to sustain the servant of God, and unite the quorums of the Church.

"Ascertaining that a plot was laid to waylay Joseph for the purpose of taking his life, on his return from Monroe, Michigan, to Kirtland, I procured a horse and buggy, and took brother William Smith along to meet Joseph, whom we met returning in the stage coach.

Joseph requested William to take his seat in the stage, and he rode with me in the buggy.

We arrived in Kirtland in safety."The spirit of apostasy continued to rage in and around Kirtland, however, until President Young, as well as the prophet Joseph and Sidney Rigdon, had to flee for their lives.

"On the morning of December 22nd (1837),"says President Young, "I left Kirtland, in consequence of the fury of the mob, and the spirit that prevailed in the apostates, who threatened to destroy me because I would proclaim, publicly and privately, that I knew, by the power of the Holy Ghost, that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the Most High God, and had not transgressed and fallen as apostates declared."At Dublin, Indiana, the prophet Joseph and Sidney Rigdon came up to him.

They were without means, and Joseph sought employment at cutting and sawing wood.

Failing in that he went to President Young and said:

"Brother Brigham, I am distitute of means to pursue my journey, and as you are one of the Twelve Apostles, who hold the keys of the Kingdom in all the world,

I believe I shall throw myself upon you, and look to you for counsel in this case.

"At first I could hardly believe Joseph was in earnest,"says President Young, "but on his assuring me he was, I said, 'If you will take my counsel it will be that you rest yourself, and be assured, brother Joseph, you shall have plenty of money to pursue your journey.'"

A few days after this a brother Tomlinson sold a tavern, and out of the money he received for it, he gave the prophet three hundred dollars, which enabled him to continue his journey to Far West.

Through the trying times at Far West, in the fall of 1838, no less than in Kirtland in 1836-7, Brigham Young continued the steadfast friend of the Prophet

Joseph.

And of their meeting, after the escape of the Prophet from Liberty jail, he says:

"It was one of the most joyful scenes of my life to once more strike hands with the Prophet, and behold him and his companions free from the hands of their enemies.

Joseph conversed with us like a man who had just escaped from a thousand oppressions, and was now free in the midst of his children."

After his death, no less than during his life-time, President Young continued to uphold and sustain Joseph, his prophetic and moral character, as the valiant servant of God, and the honored instrument chosen of Him to open up a glorious dispensation of the Gospel to the children of men;

the keys of which, President Young always represented the Prophet as still holding, though laboring, for the time being, in another sphere:

"You may say Joseph was a devil, if you like, but he is at home, and still holds the keys of the kingdom, which were committed to him by heavenly messengers, and always will.

Do you ask who brother Brigham is?

He is an humble instrument in the hands of God, to keep His people in the path he has marked out through the instrumentality of his servant Joseph; and to travel in which is all I ask of them.

I wish to see this people [the Latter-day

Saints] fulfil in every particular what Joseph told them to do, and build up the kingdom of God.

And this they are doing.""Joseph Smith, the honored instrument in the hands of God to lay the foundation of this work, commenced with nothing;

he had neither the wisdom nor the riches of this world."While he was anxious to have all honor and respect shown to the Prophet

Joseph, he was not among that number who sought to attach a fanciful import-

THE PROPHET AND HIS SUCCESSOR.

ance to the post assigned to him in his great work of the last days.

There was no bending of prophecy to make it apply to Joseph.

No flights of the imagination led him into ridiculous interpretations of scripture in order to associate the Prophet or his work with them.

These things he corrected and reproved in others:

"When Martin Harris was with Joseph

Smith, he was continually trying to make the people believe that he (Joseph) was the shepherd, the stone of Israel.

(Gen. xlix, 22—24.) I have heard Joseph chastise him severely for it, and he told me that such a course, if persisted in, would destroy the kingdom of God.

Who else ever said that Joseph Smith was anything but an unlearned son of a backwoodsman; who had all his lifetime, ever since he could handle an ax, helped his father to support his little family by cutting wood?

Thus the Lord found him, and called him to be a prophet, and made him a successful instrument in laying the foundation of His kingdom for the last time.

This people never professed that Joseph Smith was anything more than a prophet given to them by the Lord; and to whom the Lord gave the keys of this last dispensation, which were not to be taken from him in time neither in eternity.""Joseph presided over the church by the voice of the Church.

Perhaps it would make some of you stumble, were

I to ask you a question—Does a man's being a prophet in this Church prove that he shall be the president of it?

I answer, no!

A man may be a prophet, seer and revelator, and it may have nothing to do with his being the president of the Church.

Suffice it to say that Joseph was the president of the Church, as long as he lived.

The people chose to have it so.

He always filled that responsible station, by the voice of the people.

Can you find any revelation appointing him the president of the Church? The keys of the priesthood were committed to Joseph, to build up the Kingdom of God on the earth, and were not to be taken from him in time or in eternity;

but when he was called to preside over the Church, it was by the voice of the people; though he held the keys of the priesthood independent of their voice.""Men of science and talent in this Church believed—or they said they believed—honestly, truly, and with all their hearts, that Joseph Smith did not understand any thing about temporal matters.

They believed he understood spiritual things—that he understood the Spirit of the Lord, and how to build up the spiritual kingdom among men;

but when temporal matters were talked of, men were ready to decide at once, that they knew more than the prophet about such matters; and they did so decide.

The first Elders of this Church decided that Joseph did not understand temporal matters. The first Bishops of this Church said they believed with all their hearts, that they understood temporal matters far better than the Prophet Joseph.

For men of principle and seemingly of good sense, to believe the Prophet Joseph, who was inspired to build up the kingdom of God temporally as well as spiritually, did not know as much about a picayune as about God's spiritual kingdom, about a farm as about the New Jerusalem, is folly in the extreme, it is nonsense in the superlative degree.

Those who entertain such ideas ought to have their heads well combed, and subjected to a lively friction, that peradventure a little common sense might dawn upon their confused ideas."

WHY JOSEPH COULDN'T KEEP STORE.

"You that lived in Nauvoo, in Missouri, in Kirtland, Ohio, can you assign a reason why Joseph could not keep a store, and be a merchant?

Let me just give you a few reasons, and there are men here who know how matters went in those days.

Joseph goes to New York and buys $20,000 worth of goods, comes in to Kirtland and commences to trade.

In comes one of the brethren:

'Brother Joseph, let me have a frock pattern for my wife.'

What if Joseph says:

'No, I cannot without the money?'The consequence would be:

'He is no Prophet,'says James.

Pretty soon Thomas walks in: "Brother Joseph, will you trust me to a pair of boots?''No, I can not let them go with-

THE PROPHET AND HIS SUCCESSOR.

out the money.''Well', says Thomas, 'Brother Joseph is no Prophet;

I have found that out, and I'm glad of it.'

After a while, in comes Bill and sister Susan.

Says Bill: 'Brother Joseph, I want a shawl,

I have not got the money, but I wish you to trust me a week or a fortnight.'

Well, brother Joseph thinks the others have gone and apostatized, and he don't know but these goods will make the whole Church do the same, so he lets Bill have a shawl.

Bill walks off with it and meets a brother.

'Well,'says he, 'what do you think of brother Joseph?''Oh, he is a first-rate man, and I fully believe he is a Prophet.

See here, he has trusted me for this shawl.'Richard says:

'I think I will go down and see if he won't trust me some.'In walks Richard:

'Brother Joseph, I want to trade about $20.

'Well, says Joseph, 'these goods will make the people apostatize; so over they go, they are of less value than the people.'Richard gets his goods.

Another comes in the same way to make a trade of $25, and so it goes.

Joseph was a first-rate fellow with them all the time, provided he never would ask them to pay him.

In this way it is easy for us to trade away a first-rate store of goods, and be in debt for them.""There is not a man or woman who loves the truth, who has heard the report of the Book of Mormon, but the

Spirit of the Almighty has testified to him or her of its truth; neither has any man heard the name of Joseph Smith, but the Spirit has whispered to him He is a true prophet.'""Permit me, my hearers, brethren and strangers, to say to you, there is not that man that hears the sound of my voice this day, that can say that Jesus lives, whether he professes to be his disciple or not; and can say at the same time, that Joseph Smith was not a prophet of the

Lord. From the first day I knew Brother

Joseph to the time of his death, a better man never lived upon the face of the earth.""Joseph Smith was not killed because he was*deserving of it, nor because he was a wicked man; but because he was a virtuous man.

I know that to be so, as well as I know that the sun now shines.

Every man and woman who does the will of the Father, and will keep the commandments of Jesus Christ, may also know as well as myself—it is their privilege.

I know for myself that Joseph Smith was the subject of fortyeight lawsuits, and the most of them I witnessed with my own eyes.

But not one action could ever be made to bear against him.

No law or constitutional right did he ever violate.

He was innocent and virtuous;

he kept the law of his country and lived above it; out ot forty-eight lawsuits, (and I was with him in the most of them), not one charge could be substantiated against him.

He was pure, just and holy as to the keeping of the law.""Though the enemy had power to kill our prophet, that is kill his body, did he not accomplish all that was in his heart to accomplish in his day?

He did to my certain knowledge, and I have many witnesses here that heard him declare that he had done every thing he could do—he had revealed every thing that could be revealed at present, he had prepared the way for the people to walk in, and no man or woman should be deprived of going into the presence of the Father and the Son, and enjoying an eternal exaltation, if they would walk in the path he had pointed ouV "Who delivered Joseph Smith from the hands of his enemies to the day of his death?

It was God; though he was brought to the brink of death time and time again, and, to all human appearance, could not be delivered, and there was no probability of his being saved.

When he was in jail in Missouri, and no person expected that he would ever escape from their hands, I had the faith of Abraham, and told the brethren, 'As the

Lord God liveth, he shall come out of their hands.'Though he had prophesied that he would not live to be forty years of age, yet we all cherished hopes that that would be a false prophecy, and we should keep him forever with us; we thought our faith would outreach it, but we were mistaken—he at last fell a mar-

TRIP TO EDMUND KEANS COTTAGE.

tyr to his religion.

I said, 'It is all right;

now the testimony is in full force; he has sealed it with his blood and that makes it valid.'""Joseph was murdered murdered at sunlight, under the protection of the most noble government that there existed, and that now exists, on our earth.

Has his blood been atoned for?

No!

And why?

A martyr's blood to tiue religion was never atoned for on our earth.

No man or nation of men, without the Priesthood, has power to make atonement for such sins.

The souls of all such, since the days of Jesus, are 'under the altar,'and are crying to God day and night, for vengeance.

And shall they cry in vain?

God forbid!

He has promised He will hear them, in His own due time, and recompense a righteous reward."

TRIP TO EDMUND KEAN'S COTTAGE.

The morning was cloudy, but the day had been set, and my friend and

I found ourselves at the Caledonian Station, Edinburgh.

It was early too; and when the effect of prospective bad weather in Scotland, on a day set apart for an excursion, is considered, combined with an aversion for early rising, of many years standing, the reader may know that the incentive was an unusual one.

My heart had been set upon the trip and

I doubt if the time shall come when the realization of this day's enjoyment can pass from my mind.

It was a cool morning in August. The sun rose after we had started (it really did rise) revealing gemmed tips on every blade of grass, and a sweet freshness filled the air.

The beauty of a ride through central Scotland, at this season, must leave a lasting impression of undying loveliness on the mind of every beholder.

Through fields, skirting plantations and at the foot of heather-crowned hills, with huddled villages lying but short intervals apart, on we flew.

Then we passed Dumbarton Castle and came to the Clyde, where the steamer lay that was to take us down the river.

The day was still young when we went aboard.

The mist lay light on the river, which even here began to broaden, and bore traces of the heaving bosom of the ocean.

Much as my "inner"self revolts forever at the prospect of a water ride, where the heaving of the ocean foretells the coming of an "unsettled condition,"

I did enjoy the breakfast served in the long, clean, dining saloon of the boat, which was brightened by a profusion of flowers.

One item connected with this breakfast is still remembered well.

It cost one shilling and sixpence.

There are times when one shilling and sixpence is a strong chest, well filled—when the funds are low; and they were low on this trip.

But we enjoyed the breakfast, despite this fearful drawback.

Gradually the banks widened, and the green and trees seemed to fade from them.

The ground was low and the mist, rising slowly as the sun mounted the heavens, disclosed stretches of sandy reaches so low it was evident they were not unfrequently submerged.

Then afar off, the dim outline of mountains became visible, and as we sailed on, the breadth of waters grew, and we found ourselves on the east coast of Scotland, in the lovely bay of Wymes—headed directly for Rothesay.

By this time the sun was well up, and the bay, lovely and quiet, glistened and shimmered beneath the August sun, as does grass on a frosty night when the moon is clear and full.

Out of the bosom of the waters rose majestic cliffs, their tips piercing the bosom of the heavens, their sides bathed in the tender blue of Indian summer haze, covering from the eye, all that might be unseemly, and lending that enchantment which.we rather feel than see, and which cannot be described.

We landed. We were at Rothesay, the bathing spot of Scotland, where the east winds, that breathe death in Edinburgh, are unfelt, and where the warmth of the gulf stream brings early Springs, delays

TRIP TO EDMUND KEAN'S COTTAGE.

the Falls, and tempers the extremes of

Winter's cold and Summer's heat.

The band stand was deserted, and but few remained of those whose presence makes a fashionable bathing resort a scene of delight to look upon; but the evidences of a recent life were not wanting, and a walk along the promenade satisfied the eye with a view of desirable residences, varied in pretensions, and adapted to the wants of persons in all pecuniary stations of life.

The promenade is crescent in shape, taking the curvature of the land, the houses following far around the bay and rising above each other as they recede up the hills, which enclose the generous breadth of waters that form the bay.

There were bathers still, and light boats with fishing parties in them, and promenaders; and beyond the waters, enclosing them on all sides, the high mountains, blue veiled with light mists, with deep interstices between, suggesting paradisaical views, if one could only explore the depths and sail between the perpendicular heights that guard on either side these seething water-ways.

Rothesay is on the Island of Bute.

The Island is owned by the Earl of Bute, said to be the richest "laird"in Great Britain, whose Roman Catholic tendencies excited considerable public comment a few years since and whose castle, Stewart by name (a magnificent product of bricks and mortar, glass and timber and architectural skill), was then uninhabited, and is yet, perhaps; for the aristocratic and titled gentry find it hard, indeed, to tear themselves away from the sacred confines of mammoth London.

But the Island of Bute is noted as having been the choson spot for the home of one greater than the Earl of Bute, or any of his name within the memory of living generations.

It was here, amid his triumphs and pains, his domestic trials and conjugal joys, that the prince of all actors, the greatest of any time, made his home.

Edmund Kean lived here.

Two or three miles out of Rothesay is a square, old-fashioned house, surrounded by an old-fashioned garden.

This was the home.

It was then occupied by two bachelor brothers named Duncan, and their consent was necessary before we could gain admission.

But they were not at Rothesay.

One had gone for a week's fishing, the other was in Glasgow.

The permission was not to be had.

We made the excursion, however, to see, and could stand a rebuff for the chance of gaining admission.

So we set out.

We passed an old church, clean covered with a rank growth of dark green ivy, and surrounding it a deep excavation where, in years agone, there had been a moat.

Up the rising road, overshadowed by old and spreading trees of oak and elm and chestnut, we went, every step lifting us farther above the town, the road running straight down to the smiling bay, without obstruction.

Then we turned to the right and entered a field, through which coursed a "burn,"a little stream, which hid now away beneath tree-darkened banks and now smiled in the light of an undimmed noon-day sun.

And there were boys boldly bathing in the stream, and cows chewing their cuds and gazing indifferently at the nude and laughing lads.

Then we came to a path that skirted a dyke, on the other side of which was a hawthorn hedge, thickgrown and uncared for, with long arms of blackberry threading through and through, and in the shade a rank profusion of coarse fern, and tender eyed little flowers that looked up ever so timidly and pleadingly.

And in the field, which spread out to the right, there grew the lovely blue-bell of Scotland, its cupshaped petals bending humbly from the vigorous stem.

Pushing through the hedge we struck a well-traveled road that wound round the foot of a hill which, on one side, hemmed in a little valley whose trend was in the direction of our objective point.

The sun was now warm;

the road dusty, large boulders appearing occasionally on either side.

Here stands a tree dead and blasted, its blackened and denuded limbs in striking contrast with the green that had prevailed wherever the eye turned but a moment before.

And yet the breath came freer; and as

TRIP TO EDMUND KEAN'S COTTAGE.

we looked up the dry hillside, and gazed upon the stream glinting in the little valley below, and saw the depths upon depths of blue sky above, there came a suggestion of the sweet valleys of Utah and clear friends afar off.

It was as a breath from happier days ere dearest ones had passed from this sad but loving earth.

But a passing thought;

yet its impression is uneffaced, and the tender grace of a nobler life with which the soul was then filled, has not, God grant, wholly departed.

We paused, my friend and I, and "turned to view the green sward o'er,"through which we had so lately passed.

Neither spoke.

It was one of those moments which all who can feel, have known once in life.

A consciousness of the crowning glory of God's great work, the changing loveliness of this earth, defiled and trodden under foot of man though it be, flooded our souls with a rapture akin to awe.

But that to move, however slightly, would have seemed sacrilege at the moment, I must have bowed uncovered before the presence of ineffable beauty that stood revealed from this tiny eminence.

Ah, how can man be vain!

How feel ought but gratitude and lasting love, when so much of holy calm and quiet may be known in one little spot alone of all this broad and glowing earth! This is a vale of tears, we are told, yet there are moments when every pulse-beat quickens and the sense of unfading loveliness is filled to the uttermost.

Ah me, we are, I fear, a sorry and ungrateful lot!

Peacefully rippled the little "burn,"and as we followed its windings the eye rested again upon the green fields on which the autumn brown began faintly to appear.

The lazy cows stood, small and still, in the distance where we had passed them; and beyond these rose the spire of the little church.

The blue smoke lifted measuredly into the air from the red roofs of tiled houses and there were trees and trees and trees, and far beyond the bay, calm and undisturbed, the small boats floating like specks upon its bosom, the mountains still veiled in tender hues, and rising more precipitately than before out of the water's depths.

Unmoving, and powerless to voice the thoughts and emotions created by the enchantment of the scene, long we stood there.

Then, without speaking, impelled by a common impulse, we turned and began to stride the dusty road toward the Kean Cottage.

Presently we came in sight of a narrow sheet of water, the lower end rank with a growth of water weeds, the other clear and sun-bright with miniature waves caused by a light breeze on its surface.

Then the hills began to bear timber which grew more and more dense as we proceeded.

Following a pleasant little turn in the road, now shaded with over-arching trees, we came abruptly to a high gate that barred the way.

Four pillars were there to this gate, and each was surmounted by a bust—odd, weatherbeaten, with time-bearing traces and rough enough indeed.

Yet they were significant.

Beneath each was inscribed a name—the names being Garrick, Shakspeare, Massinger and Kean.

We knew we had reached the spot. A "guid wife,"who inhabited the lodge, responded to the bell and after a few honied words from us and dubious expressions from her, we were permitted to enter the grounds.

"I'm no sure, yeil get in the hoose,"said she.

"The'er vera particular.

Baith the brithers are awa, ye ken, an'its tellin'if ye'll get in the hoose, but ye can try."And we moved on.

There had been a very pretty garden here in the days gone; but neglect and time had long been masters.

The hedges, like a ragged urchin's hair, were stragly and unkempt; grass and weeds had taken fast possession of the walks; the flowers grew or perished uncared for by the jealous gardener, and three or four cows fed in the grass or lazed beneath the spreading trees with an air of unquestioned possession.

The house was plain of exterior, with whitened walls, square, and two stories high.

We rang the bell and while waiting for admission had time to see that from the front there was an open space sloping to the edge of the clear little sheet of water already mentioned;

and a well

TRIP TO EDMUND REAN'S COTTAGE.

kept grass plot ran down to the very water.

This was the pretty Loch Fad.

No opportunity was offered just then for seeing more, as the door was opened by a bright-faced Scotch waiting maid. We had arranged a series of blandishments, intending to follow one up with another in rapid succession, until she capitulated and we gained the coveted admission.

But the plan, like many other well arranged plans, failed.

She held the door with such a modest mein that we were unable to begin the assault.

So my friend, being by far the more prepossessing of the two, and having therefore more confidence in himself, told what seemed a plain, unvarnished tale in dulcet tones, with moving effect.

It was that we had been invited by the Duncan brothers to call and see the spot.

We regretted very much they were away, but as we had to return to Edinburgh that night we had taken the liberty of calling anyway.

Such an ingenuous air, an air of truth, was in the manner my friend told this invention that the gentle maid surrendered unconditionally and politely led us in.

The door closed and we followed her up a flight of stairs, entering a large y room, flooded with an abundance of light.

This was the Kean room.

Everything in it, when surrendered by the actor, had been preserved intact.

Statuettes and curio met the gaze whichever way the eye turned.

The furniture had been of kingly luxuriance in its day;

a large boquet of fragrant flowers filled the air with a delicious odor.

It was a charming room, bright and cheerful.

Its striking feature, however, was the wallpaper.

Unlike anything we had ever seen before;

unlike anything we are likely to see again.

It had been made in Paris from designs furnished by Kean himself, and princely was the sum it cost.

The body color of the paper was a light blue, and it gave a bluish cast to objects in the room.

It greatly resembled fresco. Around the wall was a succession of scenes representing Kean in his great creations—^Richard III, Macbeth and others.

The style was Roman, the scenes and groupings being laid in the open air, and the costuming agreeable to the ideas prevailing in Kean's time.

All was so odd, and so strange appearing to a fellow with a black silk hat, that, had it not been for a flood of sunshine pouring in through an open window, it is questionable what impression might have taken hold of the mind.

How many years have passed since then—since he lived—the great and shining light of his day, beside whose glory that of Garrick pales; since Kean forced his way from obscurity, despite an insignificant figure, despite the iron-locked customs of an artificial age, until a metaphysical stature of glorious proportions supplanted the puny physique of the real man; since those who had laughed and jeered, bowed in reverence before the resplendent glory of an unrivaled genius!

It was to this sweet spot, from triumphs and disgrace;

from throngs shouting his praises and heaping their execrations upon him, that he turned to find rest from the first and from the second solace.

Here, too, came those thirsting for interpretations of the immortal poet's works, and here were rewarded by the revelations -of a mind that read the poet's heart almost with omniscient vision.

Here the few friends who remained true found him ever, and those hungering for the creations of his mind, and again clamoring for his appearance, sent for his recall.

Here, too, when the sweet and lingering twilight mantled the peaceful scene, when quiet winds swept through the leafy trees and the moon's silvery flood lay on the placid lake, that shimmered beneath his eyes, and when calm and tender and loving thoughts filled the soul, that the rich voice of the great tragedian in song floated out upon the air of eventide, and the plaintive notes would mingle with the distant tolling of the village bell, that came like a voice from afar, to tell that the world was still near, that the children of men were yet alive to hope and fear, to love and hate, to applaud and condemn, and that no soul could wholly free itself from the encircling bonds that have made of all men a common brotherhood.

Robert W. Sloan.

ENTERING JERUSALEM

BY MOONLIGHT.

O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the Prophets;

Behold, your house is left unto you desolate!

It was the month of June, and the harvest season was at its height. Groups of natives were busy in the valley of Sharon, spreading their grain, or driving their cattle over the primitive threshing floors, in the heat of the blazing sun.

The heat is then most intense and oppressive.

The roving Arab prefers to house up by day and wander by night.

All along the way between the seaport town of Jaffa and Jerusalem, across the valley of Sharon, and through the mountains of Judea, the road is lined with caravans and carriages by night, and deserted by day.

To move with this throng in the midst of confusion and excitement at early morn, into the precincts of the Holy City, obliterates the past in the turmoil of the present.

It is only when we are oblivious to its present condition and lose ourselves in contemplation of its unparalleled glories long since faded and lost in its merited and awful doom, that Jerusalem awakens an interest not felt for any other city of antiquity.

The journey from the seacoast to the summit of this mountain retreat in Judea, usually requires the entire night.

I preferred to travel the road by day, and view the unattractive, and yet instructive landscape, whose historic glories had faded into oriental desolation.

When the foot of the mountains is reached, the half-way station is signaled and the road—now as well constructed as can be found in any part of Europe—makes its tortuous way on a gentle incline until the Wady Kuloniyeh is reached.

In this valley, about an hour's ride northwest of Jerusalem, tradition locates the contest between David and Goliath.

On the hill, a little to the left, lies a small village, believed by some to be the Emmaus of the New Testament.

Here the ascent becomes more and more difficult.

I left the wagon at this point and wended my way alone over the rugged hillside, to enjoy, in solitude, the imaginations of a thousand momentous events of heroic and divine import.

The setting of the sun, in the distant waters of the Mediterranean, was followed by the rising orb of night.

The soft rays of a full moon in an oriental atmosphere, impart a mellow lustre to the soil, rocks and shrubs.

In such lands where the dreams of desolation steal over one in silence, a ghostly sensation associates itself with every object, which bears record of a solemn and mournful past.

Soon the solitude was broken, and the solemnity which invested all nature, was interrupted by the distant jingle of the bell, which swung from the camel's neck.

The advance of a caravan was announced. The dusky Arab had aroused himself from the lethargy, common beneath a tropical sun, and set out with his effects to Jaffa, the sea-port of greatest significance to all Judea.

The elastic hoof of the camel, and the bare feet of the natives, dressed in their scanty tunic, added no confusion to the stroke of the bell.

Sometimes there was nothing but its silent movement to warn the stranger of a caravan's approach.

But the donkeys, whose elongated ears were erected for trumpet sounds, followed in the rear, and the savage yells of their drivers, grated on the nerves.

When the echo of the mighty procession of camels, donkeys, and carriages had died away in the ravines below, all was quiet and lonely as the grave.

I was about to enter the environs of a city, whose prophets had long since been hushed by the turmoil of an obstinate and querulous race.

It would seem an offended God had decreed a profound and painful silence to this particular spot of earth.

The very stones were void the power to awaken interest or declare the glory of their Creator, as if the reproach of a fallen city had cast its dark mantle over their desolate forms.

In the distance a flickering light told of my approach to the city.

Without the walls Jerusalem has put on a new garb

IO ENTERING JERUSALEM BY MOONLIGHT.

and has a modern appearance.

The houses are scattered and inhabited by a class whose religious instincts led them rather into quietude than into the gayeties or social pleasures of the age.

The long single street, that leads through the suburbs to the Jaffa gate, was deserted by nine o'clock in the evening.

Here and there the scent of flowers from well kept gardens was wafted through the air.

To the left a slight elevation and the indistinct surface of the Mount of Olives disclosed an imaginary panoramic view of a common battle field.

Here the Assyrians, Egyptians, Babylonians, and Romans had in turn marshaled their hosts.

Months and years of wild enthusiasm in the exciting life of soldiery had mingled romance, suffering, and heroism with the rocks and earth now as mute and oblivious as the pale faced moon above them.

As I neared the Russian hospital chapel, and residences close by the walls of the city, a howl went up from a dozen dogs to greet the stranger.

Russia finds it in the line of her policy to encourage here a religious zeal which will make the spiritual welfare of the Muscovite inseparable from Turkish soil.

Along the road-side the straggling Bedouins had pitched their tents and spread their mats upon a deep layer of dust.

A little to one side sat the old Bedouin in lonely meditation, indifferent to every thing around him.

The children, half naked, had stretched themselves out on the bare ground for a night's repose.

The wife had folded her feredjeh over her head and rolled up into a ball to rest.

The actual value of their effects did not exceed a dollar and they might be replaced for double that amount.

If these wandering Ishmaelites had a care it was not apparent. Whether such a life had produced this absolute contentment, or the spirit of perfect contentment had resulted in so indifferent a manner of living it would not be so easy to say.

A little farther on near the Jaffa gate stood to the right a quaint old oriental cafd. The dim light in front hardly rivaled that of the moon, and before the large open doors were squads of men sitting crosslegged on the ground, or perched on queer little stools, smoking their nargiles and supping their tiny cups of Turkish coffee.

They were as mute as so many heaps of earth save the rumble of the smoke as it bubbled through the water into the long flexible pipe stems.

An enclosure near by contained their animals, which usually starve during the two or three days these roving characters lounge about the city.

Before me was the large arched gate, in one corner of which sat a Turkish soldier on guard.

I entered as though I was at home, and he let me pass unnoticed.; but on my return he was concerned about my identity, and my business.

Close by was a large hotel from whose windows, in the American consul's room, a faint light glimmered.

Into this immediate neighborhood the moon scattered its illuminating rays.

A couple of hundred yards farther east, however, down the David Street, the commercial street of Jerusalem, the road narrowed and did not exceed fifteen feet in width.

Within the gates not a human being was seen.

Making my way down this dismal throughfare.over cobble rocks with which the street was paved, and frequently jutted, the solitude became doubly oppressive.

Soon the narrow archways and gloomy alleys diverged in all directions.

Along the low dark bazars no light penetrated and all around the city seemed deserted and haunted.

A few prowling dogs had gathered to witness ts,e strange appearance of a human being at such an untimely hour of night—it was a little after nine.

The black damp walls and the stench of decaying vegetation and filth, which saturate the atmosphere, add to the gloom of an imaginary dungeon.

Suddenly, after leaving the Moslem quarter, and entering the Christian part of the city, a dull flickering light shone from a low open retreat of corousing Greeks occupied in gaming, smoking, and drinking.

Continuing my circuit to a monastery near by, the sudden appearance of a solitary monk, sitting by the prison-like door, at first startled me.

About these dark and dismal abodes an air of desolation reigns supreme.

No mass of ruined habitations

THOUGHTS ON CIVILIZATION.

II and temples, palaces and public retreats ever proclaimed in more sorrowful accents the downfall of an unfortunate people than Jerusalem in its solitude by night.

The same full moon shines here as in the gayest scenes of Parisian life;

over the one it stares with a vacant glare and a death-like pallor, over the other with a radiant beauty and celestial joy.

I turned now to retrace my steps beyond the walls and seek lodgings for the night.

Lost in the meditation of a story, at once so pathetic and sublime, as that which the favored city in its degradation narrates on every stone, I wandered off my track.

Soon I emerged from this lonely labyrinthine cavern of horrors into the open court near the gate. Looking back into the dark and solitary passages a feeling of desolation stole over me and pictured a scene as dreadful as the story of royal magnificence and prophetic vision had been inspiring.

What a solemn warning!

Other cities have been laid waste, their temples and sacred shrines have been lowered in the dust, and total ruin has marked the desolated spot whereon they stood;

but where does solitude reign so supremely over nature and the souls of men, and silence so painfully the emotions called forth by the unrivaled grandeur of divine inspiration!

No voices cry aloud the fiats of an offended God, or chant the glories of his creations.

Jos.

AI.

Tanner.

THOUGHTS ON CIVILIZATION.

Some unquiet souls, filled with the spirit of unrest, confound terms and call that progress, which should simply be termed change.

Progress implies advancement in the direction sought;

change simply an alteration in place or condition,—it may be progress, it may be retrogression.

The present is an age of change, indeed, of marvelous changes, but that every change means progress is a debatable question.

Many prudent ones think that it would have been better if some changes had not been made.

We boast that we live in an era of great advancement, of unequalled civilization;

that the present was never approached by the past in its achievements, in its triumphs, in its possibilities.

It is true that knowledge is increased, that wealth abounds, that the appliances at the command of men to accomplish their purposes were never so numerous nor so powerful as to-day.

But are these things the true test of the highest civilization?

Is the abundance of riches the criterion by which the height of a nation's or a people's advancement should be guaged?

Are their achievements in the material arts and sciences the standard by which they are to be measured? We answer, not alone, indeed not primarily; there are considerations that precede them, and that, in the summing up of all the values, outweigh them.

How, then, shall we judge of the true civilization of any age or people? We claim that the highest civilization exists the most completely where the rights of all men are the most respected, where the people possess the greatest amount of personal liberty, where the inequalities between the rich and the poor are reduced to a minimum, where the possibilities of mankind making an honest living are the most accessible and widespread, where the welfare of the whole is the object of the laws, and where those laws are administered with the least bias or favoritism, where, in a word, substantial happiness is brought to the hearths and homes of the greatest number.

We further claim that that civilization is a mockery, no matter how strong, that cannot protect the weakest of its members; that it is a dismal failure when its wealth, no matter how great, is confined to the few, while the masses starve;

that it is a delusion, no matter how great its assumed intelligence, when its people are ignorant of the true God, and of the way to serve Him.

Righteousness ex-

THOUGHTS ON CIVILIZATION.

alteth a nation, and that people is the most truly enlightened that draws nighest to the Lord.

In the kingdom of God are found all the guarantees necessary for the most advanced civilization.

Personal liberty, equality before the law, freedom of conscience, opportunity to progress, a voice in the government, checks and balances to maintain the purity of the administration are some of its characteristic features.

The constitution of the kingdom of God is a living one, it is not based on musty tradition or on hoary precedent, but on "thus saith the Lord!"He who ever reigneth is its King.

He whose word is truth is its law giver.

The word of the Lord is the standard of truth, the guage of intelligence, the embodiment of wisdom; when a people possess it they lack nothing, when they are ruled by it their government is perfect.

There are civilizations and civilizations, all having their distinguishing peculiarities, their defects and their excellencies.

Some civilizations are adapted to one age, some to another.

That of the ancient Egyptians would not suit us, nor that of modern Europe the Jaredites of old.

That of the kingdom of God is adapted to all mankind because it possesses all excellencies and no defects.

Its foundation is in the Creator of all, its maintenance in the righteousness of the people.

God rules in the heavens above, and on the earth beneath. He guides the nations, but not by their consent; the time, however, will come when they will consent, and His kingdom become universal.

God made man equal in that He gave all the opportunity of attaining, by the same processes, to that which is perfect.

It is, in truth, sin that causes inequality.

Other inequalities are but transitory, they relate to the things of this world, and do not extend beyond the grave.

There will be, in the great hereafter, those whose glory is as the sun, others as that of the moon, and others as the varied stars in brightness and splendor, and, then again, there will be those without glory altogether.

These differences will not be because when on earth, these beings were either rich or poor, fair or dark, youthful or aged, Saxon or

Celt, but because they improved or neglected the days of their probation, because they did or did not live up to the light that was in them, because they obeyed or disobeyed the word of God.

In the beginning we started alike, so far as opportunities for complete salvation were concerned.

We are not all alike now.

Some have loitered by the way, some have wandered into by-paths, some have lain down and slept;

while others have kept to the road, neither turned to the right nor to the left, but continued straight on with a speed proportionate to their powers.

In this condition the civilizations of the ages have found mankind, and it is the excellence of the kingdom of God that its laws hinder no man in his progress, but aid him to develop all his capabilities, even to the uttermost.

This we cannot truthfully say of any other system of government.

Being devised by mortals they do not seek to reach beyond the present.

They treat man only as a denizen of this earth.

The law of the Lord, on the contrary, considers man as an eternal being, and from the present lifts him to the future and prepares him therefor.

As the lessons in a lower class in a graded school develop the student for more advanced studies, so the regulations, provisions, laws, and requirements of God's kingdom not only accomplish their purpose in us while here, but fit and prepare us for the glories that, as yet, are only known to us by faith.

The nearest approach to a perfect government that we find recorded in history since the day that Enoch and his people were translated, was either among the blessed people over whom Melchizedec reigned king, with the Nephites in the latter days of the second Mosiah, or with that same race immediately after the ministration of the risen Redeemer in their midst.

The last named era had its advantages in the lengthened perfect obedience rendered by the people to divine principles.

This continent had been cleansed of the wicked at the time

SOME TOILERS OF THE SEA.

of the dire convulsions which proclaimed the crucifixion of the Lord of Life and Glory, and the more righteous alone remained.

When He appeared His words sank into willing hearts, as seed into good soil already prepared for its reception.

As a consequence the age that followed has no parallel, so far as we know, in the history of this world since

Adam fell.

It was an age of profound peace, of perfect union.

There were no wars, no schisms, no contentions.

There was complete security for life and property, for virtue and honor, the thief and the murderer, the libertine and the extortioner, the hireling priest and the false prophet were creatures of the past.

There were no soldiers, no guards, no police, no prison warders, for these and their like there was no need, no purpose.

Men spent their lives in the observance of the laws of nature and nature's God;

as a result they grew healthy, strong and very long lived.

We can safely understand that they passed their days in the perfection of their powers, in the attainment of intelligence, in the building of temples and in ministering therein, in the saving ordinances that reach both the living and the dead.

Poor among them there were none, for they had all things in common, and the economy in time resulting from such a system and in such a climate no doubt gave them liberty to occupy the far greater portion of their lives in the offices of religion and the pleasures of education.

But as man is but mortal, this state of things did not last for ever, and by and by, little by little, the good vanished and evil usurped its place, until a period of horror and misery was finally reached as terrible in its atrocities as the former age was glorious in its divineness.

In that era of undisturbed peace, of heavenly tranquility, we believe is to be found the nearest approach to a perfect civilization that the annals of men record.

Perhaps they had not the steam-engine and the telegraph, the morning newspaper and the daily mail, but they had what was far better, a state of society that developed to the utmost that which was noblest in humanity, and that brought him the constant favor of his God.

George Reynolds.

SOME TOILERS OF THE SEA.

On the beach at Seabright, New Jersey, one can often witness an odd scene—

a fleet of fishing skiffs under full sail and yet high and dry on the sand.

They are the craft of the fishermen of Nauvoo, a quaint little settlement forming part of

Seabright, inhabited entirely by toilers of the sea.

They allow the sails of their skiffs to remain set, though the little vessels themselves have been beached, in order that the canvas may dry in the sun. The beach here runs up some sixty feet from the ocean to a bluff, protected by a bulkhead, against which the waves of wintry storms have heaped flotsam and jetsam.

On the bluff are the huts and the ice-houses of the fishing village of Nauvoo, which forms at Seabright the first break in the line of modern fashionable summer residences extending along the New Jersey coast from Highlands to

Elberon.

The second break is made by Galilee, a similar but smaller settlement at Monmouth Beach.

These settlements are the only ones of their kind in this country.

The fishermen of the rocky New England coast live in villages at the head of harbors whence they sail out to sea.

But the fishermen of Nauvoo and Galilee launch their skiffs right through the surf.

The beach at these points shoals up gradually, so that it is easier to launch and beach the skiffs there than elsewhere along the coast.

Hence the fishermen from Highlands to

Cape May gather every spring at Nauvoo and Galilee.

Indeed there are fishermen even from as far away as Sweden and Norway at these villages;

for a number of Swedes and Norwegians, who follow the sea as sailors in winter, have for some years past managed to ship for New

SOME TOILERS OF THE SEA.

York in the early spring, in order to ioin the men at the "fisheries"for the summer.

The beach from Highlands to Monmouth Beach is only a strip of sand between ocean and river.

The surf beats against the seaward shore; the swift tide of the Shrewsbury River flows past the other.

The New Jersey Southern Railroad runs from Sandy Hook along this strip of beach, which at places are not more than forty or fifty feet broad, so that the track and the road-bed are saved from becoming a prey of the billows only by artificial dikes.

Sometimes, even in spite of these safeguards, the sea of a winter storm hurls its waves with such force against the beach that they break through it into the river, carrying everything before them.

One winter's night a New-Yorker retired, the owner of two houses at Seabright. He awoke the next morning to learn that one house was on its way to Europe while the other was floating up and down the Shrewsbury with the tide.

"Old Nauvoo,"as the fishermen call it (and justly, for it stood before Seabright existed), consists of two streets of huts running through from ocean to river, except for the break made by the railroad.

On sand-hills on the bluff back of the dike, or on hummocks between the two streets, are the ice-houses, of which one sees little more than the peaks. The huts are rough two-story shanties, with a room for cooking and eating on the ground floor, and an attic where the men sleep.

Sometimes six or eight men dwell in one hut.

Those fishermen who are married and have families live in neater houses, with here and there a garden plot in the rear.

On the beach is a platform, around which many of the fishing folk gather fair Sunday afternoons, during summer, and listen to a simple service.

Near a wharf on the river, a kind lady has erected a readingroom, where some of the fishermen spend much of their leisure time.

So much of the land belonging to Nauvoo as lies between the railroad and the river is made ground.

The sea, when it sought in its fury to break its way through the beach into the river, actually strengthened its foe with every blow it struck;

for it washed a great amount of sand over the beach into the river, where it remained after the waves receded, so that gradually the shore along the Shrewsbury broadened, until where fifty years ago there was nothing but a strip of sand, there is now the river- front upon which half of Seabright stands.

The first fishermen to launch their skiffs came down the Shrewsbury from

Branchport and the little settlements on

Pleasure Bay, a fine sheet of water into which the river broadens out a little south of Seabright.

Landing on the river shore, they hauled their boats over to the ocean beach.

After returning from the fishing banks they were obliged to haul their boats and "fares"of fish back to the river shore, and load the "fares"upon sloops and schooners, which bore the fish to the New York market.

Then they had to pull home in their skiffs.

If the vessels were delayed in returning from New York, by calms or adverse winds, the fishermen were obliged, perhaps after battling with the waves all day, to row up the river or bay with their boats loaded almost to the water's edge with fish.

After a while some roof sheds were built, so that the skiffs might be left on the beach under shelter for the night.

Then an ice-house was put up, and the fish stored in it when the sloops and schooners were delayed.

Not long afterward some of the men built a shanty and bunked in it from Mondays till Saturdays, going home for

Sundays.

The boat-sheds, ice-house and shanty were the only semblances of habitation on this wild beach from Sandy Hook to Long Branch.

Thus Nauvoo was founded, and from this humble beginning it grew until when, some fifteen years ago, the fine summer residences began springing up on either side of it, the settlement was one of the most important fisheries in the country, and the source of a large portion of the regular fish supply upon which the New York market could depend. As the handsome summer dwellings increased in number

CLEANLINESS AND CHOLERA.

their owners sought to buy out the fishermen, for they looked upon Nauvoo, with its weatherstained shanties and icehouses, its flotsam and debris, and its bronzed and brawny toilers of the sea, as an unsightly break in the progress of fashion.

But the fishermen formed an association, bought the strip between river and sea on which they had gradually reared their habitations, and apportioned the property in lots.

The land is now worth at least five times its purchase price, and from a rental of a small part of it the association pays the running expenses of the fishery, even to the running of the steam-boat between its river wharf and New York.

Some statistics will show that the fishermen of Nauvoo would be unwise to part with their property, even should it double or treble its present value.

The "fare"of fish of the Nauvooans averages 300 pounds a day to each of the 200 boats of the village, or 60,000 pounds for all, or 9,000,000 pounds during the season, which lasts about one hundred and fifty days.

As the fish is sold at an average of three cents a pound, the season's "fares"aggregate $270,000.

Each boat is handled by two men, who, if they own it, work "on halves."If some one else owns the skiff, they "go thirds"with the owner.

A number of fishermen own three or four boats, and thus derive a snug income from every season's catch.

The fishing banks are a stretch of rocky bottom, beginning about four miles out, and broadening out some ten miles in places.

The water varies in depth from forty to sixty feet.

The fishing is with hooks and lines, menhaden being used for bait.

Sea-bass in summer and cod in winter are fished for, with the hooks sunk almost to the bottom.

In bluefishing, menhaden are chopped up and thrown astern to attract the fish, and short lines are used.

Ten years ago the "fares"of blue-fish were so large that they brought but three cents a pound, but these fish have become so scarce that they now sell for ten cents.

Many attribute this to the wholesale netting of menhaden by oil- refiners.

But an old fisherman enlightened me on this point.

"It's just one o'the ways fish has,"he said.

"Fish comes and goes.

When I was a youngster there wasn't so many fish off here as there is now.

Porgies was then most plentiful.

The blue-fish began to come 'bout thirty year ago, and more come every year.

For ten years they've been migratin'—for it's my opinion that fish migrate like folks.

Take the cottages—some folks is there one summer, an'other folks the next.

So it is out on the banks.

First there was porgies, then blue-fish, and now the seabass are most plentiful."G.

K.

hi Harper's Weekly.

CLEANLINESS AND CHOLERA.

Even the boldest among us fears a hidden foe.

Personal bravery and physical prowess are but of little avail except the enemy can be seen, his movements watched, his attacks evaded, or his blows returned.

The early dream of superstitious man, that the air was filled with invisible and cruel foes, ever seeking an opportunity to annoy, injure, and if possible to kill, has proved to be by no means entirely unfounded.

Semi-civilized people have also believed in the existence of a wonderful jewel with talismanic virtues, which, if kept undimmed, would insure protection and safety to its possesssor, and this belief, too, has been shown to be a vision of reality.

To-day we call such destroying spirits Disease, Pestilence, and Contagion, and our names for that protecting gem are Cleanliness, Temperance, and Virtue.

One of the many results of modern scientific investigation has been the proof that the spread of contagious diseases is due to the actual transfer of poisonous particles, and in many cases of living germs, from one individual to another.

i6 CLEANLINESS AND CHOLERA.

Such germinal organisms develop in the midst of putrefactive change, and under conditions of filth they multiply with surprising rapidity.

No degree of uncleanliness is able to create the virus of any particular disease, though when once the germs are present, dirt and impurity cause them to develop with rank luxuriance.

These disease germs are so extremely minute that the most skillful microscopist may fail to find them; and they may be wafted through the air with their virulence perfectly preserved to great distances, or they may filter through the soil into our wells and thus poison the water of whole cities.

The purity of drinking water is one of the most important factors in securing immunity from contagious ravages;

so much so that at present the sanitary officers of the prominent cities of the country are directing careful examination of their water supply.

Dr.

Cyrus Edson, an eminent sanitary chemist who has been for a long time engaged in an investigation of the water used in New York City, has expressed his belief that fully ninety-nine per cent, of cholera infection is communicated through the medium of drinking water.

During a period of more than three years, the writer hereof has been prosecuting an extensive examination of the well-waters in one of our prominent Utah cities, and he has found the water to be, in many cases, in a state most detrimental to health, through neglect in regard to the condition of the wells, themselves, and uncleanliness in the surroundings.

Clear water is not necessarily pure;

water may sparkle, and still hold in solution the most effete and injurious matters.

The condition of the wells in the city referred to, is to be deplored, and yet the town is by no means worse than others in this regard.

The artesian waters now so common through the medium of drive wells, is in most cases highly charged with impure matter if judged from a purely chemical standpoint; but such waters are so deeply seated as to be practically secure from any accidental contamination; and in the event of the introduction of contagious matter, such water would probably be safer for domestic use than any surface supply.

The importance of personal cleanliness and strict attention to the laws of bodily health is no small matter.

Contagious germs develop in particular soils;

and of these the degenerate tissue of a dissipated and unclean body is one of the richest.

When the system is laden with the products of decay through improper diet and regimen, it is an inviting field for the operation of the most virulent effects of disease.

And this is particularly true of a body laboring under the results of indulgence of intoxicants and narcotics.

The use of such poisonous substances impairs the general vitality of the system, and establishes a degeneration of tissue, rendering every organ of the body liable to succumb to contagion.

The following instance aptly illustrates the case in point.

Mr. Huber, who saw, in one town in Russia, two thousand one hundred and sixty people perish with the cholera in twenty days, said:

"It is a most remarkable circumstance that persons given to drink are swept away like flies.

In Tiflis, with twenty thousand inhabitants, every drunkard has fallen;

all are dead, not one remaining."

Such matters ought to possess a startling interest to the people of this country, just now.

For some years we have watched the ravages of the dread Asiatic cholera in Europe; and have feared the arrival of the destructive malady in our land.

We have still good cause to continue in watchful fear; some few isolated cases of this dread affliction have appeared during the past year in the United

States; but the great fear of wide-spread cholera has thus far been unrealized, for which we may feel devoutly grateful.

As particularly bearing upon the matter, the following rules are compiled and adopted from the recommendations of the Sanitary Conference held during in Washington, in anticipation of a possible outbreak of cholera thereafter.

1. All surface wells should be closed at once, and the greatest care should be

CLEANLINESS AND CHOLERA.

taken that the water supply of all cities, towns and villages be of undoubted purity.

2.

All cess-pool vaults should be abolished wherever possible; and wherever the existence of such is a necessity they should be rendered water-tight in such a manner as to prevent the saturation, not only of the ground surrounding them, but also of the materials of which they are built;

and the contents of such vaults should be kept constantly disinfected and be removed to a proper place at frequent intervals.

3.

All stagnant ponds should, when practicable, be disinfected, and when possible the water should be removed by draining or pumping, and further accumulation prevented bv filling with fresh earth or other material free from garbage or other filth.

.4. Great care should be exercised to keep at all times clear and free from obstruction, all sewers into which passes the refuse from dwellings, factories and other buildings; and such examinations should be made as will detect imperfect plumbing in all buildings, and all defects should be immediately corrected.

5. Extraordinary care should be exercised in reference to all tenement houses, lodging houses, and in general all places where large numbers of human beings congregate, that no accumulation of garbage or other filth be permitted in cellars or yards; and frequent and thorough cleaning and whitewashing of such structures should be required.

6 The food supply should be vigorously watched to exclude all unwholesome meat, all milk adulterated or from diseased animals; and all unripe fruits and vegetables; and cow stables should be kept at all times clean and free from excremental accumulations.

7.

All garbage, kitchen and household refuse should be promptly removed from dwellings, stores and other buildings to a proper place, and there destroyed by fire, or otherwise disposed of so as to cause no nuisance.

8. Such material should never be used in the filling of holes or disposed of by throwing the same into streets or vacant property, where it may decompose and exhale offensive and deleterious gases.

9. The attention of all should be drawn to the great importance of preserving strict habits of personal cleanliness, as being one of the most efficient means of warding off an attack of cholera, or, if it has once appeared, of greatly reducing its virulence and fatality.

10.

If cholera appear in any place in this country the health authorities of the place should have immediate notice of the first cases, in order that prompt action may be taken for complete isolation and disinfection.

11.

Authorities of states, cities and villages should be urged to adopt measures which will result in the amelioration of all conditions such as have been referred to, in the foregoing proposition, with the warning that in the opinion Of this conference, such conditions, if permitted to continue, will greatly promote the spread of cholera when it comes, and with the assurance that if requisite measures be promptly taken to remove them, the disease will be less likely to attack a community so prepared; and if attacked, such community will be better able to cope with the disease and to reduce its ravages to a minimum.

Such are the recommendations of perhaps the most learned sanitarians in the country.

What they have said of cholera is true of all contagious disorders.

Cleanliness in body and surroundings, and strict temperance in personal habits, with careful regard to the laws of wisdom respecting food, are our safeguards against such attacks.

The appearance of pestilence and death has been long foretold; such seem now to be within easy sight of our homes.

As we write, yellow fever is raging in the south east; the lives of many have already been offered on the altar of this dire contagion, and though the autumn now approaching will, it is hoped, greatly retard its spread, a recurrence of the dread disease may with reason be feared in the spring.

Let us augment rather than hinder the beneficial effects of our naturally ben-

LITERARY DRAM-DRINKING.

eficial and health giving surroundings in these mountain heights; and prepare for the battle while yet the enemy is afar off!

Jas.

E.

Tahnage.

LITERARY DRAM-DRINKING.

The mischief of voracious novel-reading is really much more like the mischief of dram-drinking than appears at first sight.

It tends to make all other literary nourishment intolerable, just as dramdrinking tends to make all true food intolerable, and to supersede food by drink.

The voracious novel-reader of to-day rejects Scott because Scott's novels contain so much good food that is not mere story-telling.

The genuine novel-reader detests what he calls tame stories, stories in which the interest is not exaggerated and piled up ten times as high as the interests of ordinary life.

He wants always to be feeling a thrill of excitement running through his nerves, always to be living in imagination through the concentrated essence of the perils of a hundred adventurous lives, instead of toiling calmly through the ordinary hopes and fears of one.

No state of mind can be more unwholesome, because none is more calculated to divert the energies from the sort of quiet tasks to which they should be habitually applied, and to keep them stretched on the tenter-hooks of expectation, waiting for a sort of strain which is never likely to occur, and if it did occur, would certainly not find a man's energies any the better prepared for it, for having been worn out previously with a long series of imaginary excitements.

The habit of dram-drinking, it is said, leads to fatty degeneration of the heart i.e., excessive fattening round the heart, and weak action of the heart in consequence.

So, too, the habit of exciting novel-reading leads to fatty degeneration of the literary mind i.e., to an unhealthy and spasmodic action of the imagination, and a general weakening of the power of entering thoroughly into the solid interests of real life.

So far as we know, the only effective cure for this habit of literary dram-drinking—a cure not always forthcoming—is a moral shock of some kind which exposes the hollowness of all these unreal interests, and makes them appear as artificial and melo-dramatic as they actually are. That, however, is a cure which is an extremely painful one—almost cruel in its disillusionising power.

There are, we believe, some happier mortals who can cure themselves, as the grocers'shop-boys are said to be cured of their taste for sugar and raisins and such dainties, by an early surfeit of them;

but that is a kind of cure which it takes a very healthy mind to operate upon.

As a rule, even where the surfeit destroys the zest of novel-reading, it also leaves the mind too languid to take eagerly to plainer and more wholesome food, and so at once destroys the pleasure taken in the poison, and leaves the mischief produced by it.

What over-stimulating novels do for the voracious reader of them is to establish false ideas of the sort of emergency which best calls out and exercises tiie character, false impressions of the discipline which a strong character needs, and of the mode by which that discipline is best attained.

In point of fact, that which is most useful to the character bears about the same proportion to that which is most exciting in life, as the drill of a well-disciplined army bears to the perilous crises of great battles.

The voracious novel reader learns about as much that is useful for the great crises of his life, by his novel-reading, as the raw recruit who should begin with a series of the most perilous battles in a great campaign, would learn by that most inappropriate of disciplines—a discipline which might teach him only to run away.

The best way to prevent the disease of novel-reading from catching hold of the young, is to instil in them, if possible, an early craving for more solid food, and to instil it so thoroughly as to make them dislike^ the merely stimulating diet of unadulterated fiction.

This is just as possible as it is to make the young dislike, as usually they will, highly stimulating drinks.

There is a healthy love of reality in the young, if it can only be judiciously fostered, a healthy distaste for too high-spiced a literary nourishment.

The best security against it is the

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

natural urgency of their healthy appetite for the power of dealing effectually with the realities of life, if this be only judiciously and wisely stimulated.

Such all that is utterly unreal, for all that is exaggerated in its tone and effeminate in its sensationalism; and a hearty liking for habitual, strenuous and patient effort.

an appetite implies a sort of disgust for—Spectator.

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

VIII.

"What Aaron and Hur were to Moses, when they held up his hands that Israel might prevail over Amalek, presumptive and collateral evidences are to a proposition, As Aaron and Hur sustained the hands of Moses and Israel prevailed, so it often happens that presumptive and collateral evidences so support a proposition that Truth is made evident and triumphant."

It was my purpose to have concluded this subject as soon as I could place before the reader the strong, I may say rather, the positive and invulnerable testimony of the eleven special witnesses which I considered in the last chapter;

but after proceeding so far, I am induced to go a step or two further and consider some of those minor evidences respecting the divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon, as well as the direct testimonies we have already examined.

I must say, however, that what is set down in this and the subsequent chapters, is by no means to be regarded as an exhaustive discussion of the several points of evidence introduced.

On the contrary, I have merely indicated the existence of such evidence rather than discussed it, my space forbidding me doing anything more.

First, then, as to the origin of the Book of Mormon.

The account already given of its origin, and the testimony in support of that account, is strengthened not a little by the fact that no other rational theory for its existence can be given.

Every theory concocted to account for its existence other than that given by Joseph Smith and the special witnesses of its divine authenticity, breaks down when under examination.

The theory was once advanced that by some means an old manuscript written by one Solomon

Spaulding, fell into the hands of Sidney Rigdon, and that he made certain modifications in it, put Joseph Smith to the front as a prophet, and had him publish this old manuscript as the Book of

Mormon.

This theory of the origin of the Book of Mormon was invented by one D.

P.

Hurlbut, an apostate, who wrote a book against the Saints in 1836, entitled "Mormonism Unveiled,"published by E. D.

Howe, of Painsville, Ohio.

While collecting the material for that work, Hurlbut obtained of Mrs. Davidson, Solomon

Spaulding's widow, who had married again, the manuscript story written by her former husband, entitled "The Manuscript Found,"promising to publish it as an expose of the Book of Mormon.

But Hurlbut never published it, and assigned to Mrs. Davidson as a reason for its non-publication that it was found not to be what had been expected, and would not suit his purpose.

Hurlbut never returned the manuscript, however, to Mrs. Davidson, and its fate remained a mystery until recently.

Meantime the flimsy fabrication of Hurlbut has been very generally accepted as the true account of the origin of the Book of Mormon, and is copied into numerous magazines, books and encyclopaedias.

And thus a book of such importance, the voice of an entire continent speaking from the dust of ages, bearing solemn and potent testimony for

God and Christ, and proving the truthfulness and inspiration of the Jewish Scriptures, is lightly thrust aside as well by the learned as by the ignorant.

Not because the learned have examined the theory set forth by Hurlbut and found it substantial, but because Satan inclined their hearts to accept the faintest shadow of an excuse for rejecting that which God

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

had revealed; and that they have done, without examining the evidences in favor of its divine authenticity, or stopping to consider whether or not the theory of Hurlbut as to its origin was worthy of credence.

This evil-hearted generation reject this message from God blindly, and accept without examination and adopt without consideration the first idle fable that will furnish them with an excuse for rejecting this New Witness for God.

But in the presence of God, hereafter, vain will be their excuses, and great will be their condemnation for refusing to believe that which He has revealed and surrounded by such a cloud of witnesses to testify of its truthfulness.

The Spaulding story theory of the origin of the Book of Mormon, however, must now be laid aside forever.

The Spaulding Manuscript has been found, and is now in the library of Oberlin College, Ohio;

it has been published, and on comparing it with the Book of Mormon no similarity whatever exists, neither in incident, names, matter, style, phraseology or anything else.

The manner of its discovery is, briefly, as follows:

The printing establishment of Mr. Howe, who was the publisher of Hurlbut's "Mormonism Unveiled,"and also of the

Painsville, Ohio, Telegraph, was sold to Mr.

L.

L.

Rice, an anti-slavery editor, and for years State printer of Columbus,

Ohio.

Subsequently Mr. Rice moved to

Honolulu, Sandwich Islands.

In Jas. H.

Fairchild, President of Oberlin College, visited Mr.

Rice at Honolulu, and suggested that the latter might have among his numerous papers valuable anti-slavery documents, which he would be willing to contribute to the rich collection already in the Oberlin College library.

In looking through his papers, in company with President Fairchild, he discovered an old, worn and faded manuscript of about pages, bearing the following indorsement upon it:

"The writings of Solomon Spaulding, proved by Aaron Wright, Oliver Smith, John N. Miller and others.

The testimonies of the above gentlemen are now in my possession.

(Signed) D. P. HURLBUT."Mr.

Rice had 4 no recollection of how or when that manuscript came into his possession, but unquestionably it must have fallen into his hands when the printing establishment of E. D. Howe, with all its books, etc., passed into his possession.

Mr. Rice and President Fairchild at once concluded it was the long lost manuscript from which the Book of Mormon derived its origin, and at once set about comparing the two.

The result of that investigation is thus given by President Fairchild in the New

York Observer of Feb. 5th, 1885:

"There seems no reason to doubt that this is the long lost story.

Mr.

Rice, myself and others compared it with the Book of Mormon and could detect no resemblance between the two, in general or detail.

There seems to be no name nor incident common to the two. The solemn style of the Book of Mormon, in imitation of the English Scriptures, does not appear in the manuscript.

The only resemblance is in the fact that both profess to set forth the history of the lost tribes.* Some other explanation of the origin of the Book of Mormon must be found, if any explanation is required."The Rev.

C. M.

Hyde, of the North Pacific Missionary Institute, who has examined the manuscript and compared it with the Book of Mormon, contributed an article to the Boston Congregationalist on the subject, in which he gives a history of the attempts of Hurlbut to connect the manuscript with the Book of

Mormon, and thus concludes:

"The story has not the slightest resemblance in names, incidents or style to anything in the Book of Mormon.

There is no attempt whatever to imitate Bible language, and introduce quotations from the

Bible, as in the Book of Mormon.

It is evident from an inspection of this manuscript, and from the above statements, that whoever wrote the Book of Mormon, Solomon Spaulding did not write it."I deem it unnecessary to pursue this subject further.

The old Spaulding theory so often exploded in the writings of * Even in this President Fairchild is mistaken, lor the Book of Mormon does not profess to give the history of the lost tribes, but gives us to understand that the aborigines of America are the descendants, chiefly, of Joseph the Son of Jacob, and of Judah.

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

the Elders of the Church, is now buried out of sight by the finding of the Spaulding manuscript. The Deseret News obtained a copy of it from President Fairchild, and published it just as it is, with all its imperfections of orthography, grammar, etc., and even with the alterations and erasures of Mr.

Spaulding printed in italics, and they who are curious enough may examine it for themselves.

Equally absurd is the theory that Sidney Rigdon wrote the Book of Mormon.

While Joseph Smith was engaged in translating it, Sidney Rigdon was associated with Mr.

Alexander Campbell in founding the sect of Disciples, or Christians, or, as they are now called, the Campbellites.

Nor did he know anything of either Joseph Smith or the Book of Mormon until P.

P.

Pratt, who was formerly a member of the same sect as himself, found him in Kirtland, Ohio, and presented him with a copy of it, and instructed him in the new faith—new faith? nay, the old faith, restored again to earth.

This was in the summer of 1 830.

After the death of Joseph Smith,

Sidney Rigdon was ambitious to lead the Church, but was rejected by the Saints and became disaffected towards them, and was excommunicated.

If he was the author of the Book of Mormon, why did he not in the days of his bitterness towards the Church expose the imposition?

Moreover, Sidney Rigdon was a man of high scholarly attainments and consummate eloquence—qualifications that would make him restive and unwilling to stand subordinate to an uncultured man like Joseph Smith, in such a movement as the establishment of what the world calls "Mormonism,"unless he, saw in that youth the power of God manifested, and knew that he was appointed to his place by the voice of God.

Again, his very scholarship is against the theory that he wrote the Book of Mormon.

No man, anxious to shine in the literary world, would adopt the style of the Book of Mormon. No man, whose mind had been moulded by the influences, and especially the religious influences of the nineteenth century, could produce such a book.

And while I maintain that no educated mind of modern days would or could produce such a book as this history of the Nephites, I believe all will agree on examining it, that it must have been equally, orjeven far more, beyond the power of Joseph Smith, reared as he was in the backwoods of the State of New York, unacquainted with the world or its history, to produce such a volume.

The book is so complex in its construction, and yet so completely consistent throughout with the theory of its construction, that I believe all who make themselves familiar with it will say that Joseph Smith could not have written it.

This last thought respecting the construction of the book brings me to a consideration of that subject more closely.

The Book of Mormon, for the most part, as I have already stated in a previous chapter, •• is an abridgment from the larger plates of Nephi, and has a style that one would naturally expect to find in a work of that character—that is, the historical narrative condensed from the more voluminous records of Nephi, with occasional verbatim quotations from those larger records, and the whole mixed up with explanatory notes, observations, and even exhortations, prophecies, and warnings by Mormon—rather a complicated style, and one that Joseph Smith would have been totally incompetent to have adopted and consistently persevered in to the close of the volume.

But as already observed, the first one hundred and fifty-seven pages of the Book of Mormon is not an abridged record.

It is a verbatim translation of the smaller plates of Nephi, that took the place of the first part of Mormon's abridgment, in consequence of the changes which had been made in the manuscript that was stolen from Martin Harris, as already explained.

Now, this part of the book is distinct in its style of composition from the abridgment of Mormon.

In those hundred and fiftyseven pages, not a trace of those explanatory notes, observations, etc., so often seen in Mormon's abridgment is * Chapter vii.

Vol.

ix.

ART SKETCHES OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

found.

The narratives, prophecies, descriptions, etc., as given by the respective original writers, who engraved their words upon the smaller plates of Nephi, run on unchecked by the hand of an abridger.

And this distinction in the style of the two parts of the book, is evidence of no small value in favor of the origin ascribed to the book by Joseph

Smith.

True the point of evidence is incidental, and some may esteem it slight; but those accustomed to literary criticism will place very high value upon it.

To see it in its full force, suppose that the distinction of style did not exist, but the same complex style of Mormon's abridgment had been found, too, in that part which it is claimed is not an abridgment, but a verbatim translation of the original records of Nephi—how fatal that fact would have been considered to the claims of the Book of Mormon!

In proportion, then, as the absence of that distinction would militate against the claims of the Book of Mormon, its existence should weigh in favor of the pretensions of the book.

Another fact that will doubtless attract the attention of the reader of the Book of Mormon, and'lthat will tend to impress upon him a conviction of its truth, is that it locates the chief centres of civilization in those parts of the American Continent where the subsequent researches of the American antiquarians prove them to have existed.

Let it be borne in mind that at the time the Book of Mormon was published, but very little of the large amount of information now in circulation, relative to ancient American civilization and where its chief centres were located, was in existence;

and that little which did exist, never reached the hands of Joseph Smith in the Western wilds of the State of New

York.

Humboldt had not then published his "Travels in America,"in which much of the information above alluded to is contained.

Carthwood and Stephens had not then given to the world the result of their researches in Yucatan and other parts of the continent;

nor, was Lord Kingsborough's elaborate work, "The Antiquities of Mexico,"in existence.

And the fact that the Book of Mormon locates the centres of civilization where scientific investigation now proves the civilization of the ancient Americans to have existed, is presumptive evidence of no mean order in favor of its truthfulness.

B. H Roberts.

ART SKETCHES OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

"He has been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps."Shakspeare.

EN ROUTE.

Sky, gray with rain fringe, "pride of the morning,"soon to melt away in dapple cloudlets, leaving Apollo to blaze at noonday in cloudless azure.

Snake River, hurrying along in its basaltic bed, a Cyclopean aqueduct.

Over low foothills, dim in the distance, the Teton peaks, thrusting sharp points to heaven.

"To climb up there—nay, even your thought itself slides off!"Next, long, rolling hills with crystal streams between; with pebbly beds, and rushy banks; Shotgun River, brightest of all.

In quiet pools, groups of tall, blue cranes, eye us with suspicion, or stalk slowly away.

Herds of antelope flee at our approach;

stop, gaze with curiosity, then bound away again.

Shadows pointing eastward, as we near the fords of the Snake River; here in its youth, no dark, volcanic shore, but flowing past piney banks, deep in grass, intensely green; leaping trout, the only thing to break its sliding mirror.

Then sunset, through pines; brown trunks and foliage against flush of light;

many voices amongst their boughs, bespeak the coming of the evening wind.

Camp by a hunter's cabin on the river; a home of rough-hewn logs, with stretched skins of the antelope, the elk, and the bear.

TWILIGHT ON THE RIVER.

Strip of pale, golden sky, with a mas-

ART SKETCHES OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

sive rounded butte of deep blue relieved against it, deeper gold in the river, and deeper blue in reflected mountain.

Waters vanishing at last in gathering darkness of shadowy woods. Moored to a fallen tree with fantastic roots, a fisherman's boat.

Flickering of silver light about its prow, cast by the crescent moon.

Nature, sad and pensive; fading of light, of hope, of life.

MORNING.

Sky white, with flaming light of dawn.

River edge covered with ripple gleams of molten steel.

Swaths of mists floating away across dewy meadows. Two kingfishers perched upon a fallen tree, dart suddenly away with blue flash of wing.

Nature, buoyant, fresh, brimful of promise of joyous life.

TYGHEE PASS.

Across a long stretch of plashy meadows interspersed with pools and netted with rivulets, a haunt for all the birds who love the shallow stream, or grassy plain. Then the foot of the wooded pass, and as we rise, to the north and northwest, the waters of Henry Lake, guarded by a bold range of mountains, a branch of the Rockies. Higher still, and at our left, a mammoth terraced peak, lording it over a narrow glen.

At the summit of the pass, high red pines, and groves of cloud-like trembling aspen.

Springs in their shadow trickle out from amid moss and fern, each to begin its long journey toward the rising, or setting sun.

Over the pass we speed through thickly clustered trees, to camp on the bright sparkling streams of the Madison.

FOREST OF DEAD AND YOUNG PINES.

Myriads of blackened trunks, standing stark against the sky;

myriads of others prostrate on the ground; myriads of green, sturdy, youthful pines, rising to take their place; the coming generation, in presence of their mouldering ancestors.

Those prostrate ones were flourishing green, when our great grand-* fathers took their first tottering steps;

those bright youths will be casting a deep forest-shade, when we and our children's children are silent dust.

THE GEYSER BASINS.

A thankless task would be the attempt to reduce either of the Geyser Basins to a single picture.

Should we give them the panoramic form, or treat them as bird's-eye views, the features become too dwarfed and insignificant.

Let us, however, first see them in the latter way, and then approach more near to view their separate wonders.

Below us, then, when the eye can pierce the clouds of overhanging steam, we see a valley checkered with grassy meadows, clumps of trees and mounds of white or gray geyserine.

A dark blue river traverses the valley from end to end, receiving all the outpoured floods.

On its either bank are the wells, springs and geysers, and the numerous fissures and crevices, from which issue hissing steam, spitting water or heaving mud.

Each geyser and spring seems subject to the same general law, yet each shows its own marked individuality.

Their artistic value consists in the lovely colors of the waters and the brilliancy of those deposited on their edge.

The marvelous beauty of those wells coming up from unknown depths, no words can describe, nor the startling wildness of those leaping fountains; and yet their strangeness makes them unfit the artist's pencil.

For the true purposes of art, a single mile of mountain stream is worth all these congregated wonders.

Neither can they compare with those crystal rock pools on the mountain tops, whose living waters are also surrounded with zones of lovely colors.

But there it is the glistening gray of granite, the dewy green of grass and the beauteous glow of thickly clustered flowers. There the pine-bird stoops to drink, the butterfly pauses a moment in the sweet-smelling air, for instead of, as here, steam wreaths charged with smell of heated sulphur;

there it is the balmy smell of oozing gums and the mingled perfume from wild violets and forget-menots.

The sketch among the old geysers is not a reminiscence of the National Park, but of the Provo Valley of Utah, once the theatre of exactly such performances as are now taking place in the Yellowstone.

ART SKETCHES OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

Shall I ask pardon for its introduction as a companion scene?

ON THE RIDGE.—LOWER BASIN.

A rocky ridge, covered with spindling pines, and over-looking Fire Hole River.

In the meadow below, an animated scene.

Along the river bank, wagons and tents dotting the level, while horses and cattle, browsing amid its verdure, are being led to'slake their thirst at the curving stream.

Beside each tent the cheerful camp-fire, with figures around, busy in preparing the evening meal.

Back of this always pleasing sight, a strangest spectacle, vast columns of steam rising out of the earth, and hovering over-head in clouds.

HELL'S HALF ACRE.—MIDDLE BASIN.

Flowing swiftly through a narrow valley a clear, green river.

On one hand, a broad field of ashen gray, with wells and cauldrons sunk in its surface; these filled with blue sulphurous water, trembling like liquid fire, or sleeping in sombre indigo when we look far down into their depths.

One cauldron edged around with walls of white and yellow, being slowly undermined, and sinking piecemeal into the pool below; on one side an opening where the waters empty into the passing river.

This is the Cliff Cauldron, or Excelsior, the geyser of the world, whose eruption shakes the surrounding earth; though now nothing but pearly tinted steam rises from off its face, and melts into the ultramarine sky.

Near by is the Prismatic Lake; beautiful even if terrible; its blue limped depths, gleaming with evil light, as the eyes of a tempting demon.

Streams of the surplus waters traverse the ashen field, encrusting their banks with brilliant reds and yellows.

On the other hand is greensward dotted with trees and enriched with profusion of wild flowers. A bit of the fields of Lethe, bordering upon the city of Dis.

CRATER LAKE.—UPPER BASIN.

A jagged forest edge, and from behind, it, the last angry glare of sunset, burning on low hung clouds.

From amid surrounding obscurity, a turbid lake, echoing back faintly the tones of the sky.

Some gaunt withered pines, growing too near its edge, lean back dying and sear, and well they may; for suddenly, without warning, a mass of seething water is belched from the centre; the whole surface is in wild confusion, and the air filled with sickening vapor.

Then the last waves have subsided, and once more it becomes the dim mirror of the sky, again, the startling phenomenon!

And so, continually, the alternate calm and strife.

COMPANION SKETCHES;

I.—GEYSERS, IN THEIR STRENGTH.

In the foreground, one of those deep wells, its broad disc, shimmering like a peacock's neck with changeful hues.

On the same mound, a massive geyser cone, with water thrown passionately forth, drenching its sides and almost hiding them with steam.

In the middle distance, a bit of river-side meadow, with horsemen passing along a trail, and farther away, another mound and cone.

And while we look, two or three preliminary jets sent from its throat, as though the forces beneath were trying their strength.

Then a boiling fountain hurled high in air, curtains of steam drifting back, across meadow, stream and hill.

This our last sight of Old Faithful, Castle Geyser and Crested Spring.

II.—GEYSERS IN THEIR OLD AGE.

Near the centre of the picture, set in a field of ripened grain, a huge white cone, its sides moss-gathered and grassgrown.

Over its edge a trickling rill.

Between us and the field (which is walled around with blocks of old geyserine) a country road.

In the distance a village, whose cottages peek from amid their orchard trees.

At our feet the decaying mounds of ancient springs; one filled with sullen water, the other empty, save for a hardy young tree, deep rooted and fluttering its scented leaves, where once came forth the hot and troubled waters.

Giving human interest to the scene, 'down the road there passes the first load of gathered grain. The farmer by the side of the slow-paced oxen;

his troop of ruddy-faced children, laughing in glee, on their throne of golden sheaves.

ART SKETCHES OE THE YELLOWSTONE.

SULPHUR MOUNTAIN.

Clouds of snake-like form, of leaden hue, stretching their length across to Mount Washburn.

Middle distance, low hills, belted with dense groves of timber, through whose recesses Yellowstone lake, that mountain reservoir, sends its gathered waters to cut the Grand Canon.

Somewhere under their frowning shadows, its glories hid, as a gay masquerade beneath a sable cloak.

In the foreground, heaps of parched scoria, and the dome-shaped Sulphur Mountain;

stifling steam issuing from its heated sides.

At the mountain's foot, two springs, boiling with mad fury, in polished basins, quaintly enameled with bright- yellow and pale verdigris.

THE UPPER FALL.

Between palisades of basaltic rock, from which huge fragments have fallen, and now stand in mid-stream, with hoarse, brawling voice of rapids, the river approaches the first fall.

Plunging over with sullen roar, it descends in clotted masses, white, like an avalanche of snow.

Bursting against an opposing rock at its feet, the foam drives fiercely up the opposite bank;

whilst in darkgreen eddies the river moves away.

The Upper Fall is not beautiful, its surroundings are too gloomy;

its simple chord of color, too low in the scale.

Yet it is impressive, and serves as a foil to the glories of its near rival.

HEAD OF THE GREAT FALL.

A steep trail leads to the jumping-off place of the great fall. We stand on the verge and see the bright-green water, clear, massy-thick, draw near to the fatal edge.

Then it disappears from sight with hardly a fleck of foam, but the deafening roar and clouds of spray tell of its madness below.

Hanging over the brink is a conventional pine, from whence we can see the abyss.

All is there confusion of writhing water and whirling mist;

the rocks carved and polished by the endless beating of the falling stream.

Above the fall, the giant cliffs are stained with brilliant dyes.

POINT LOOKOUT.

A scene of unrivaled grandeur, containing magnificence of form, of size and of color, endless subtle details, aiding each colossal form.

Nowhere in the world has nature made a more striking picture, unaided by works of man, or suggestions of human hope, toil, or love.

The Grand Canon of the Yellowstone, as viewed from Point Lookout, is primitive nature, complete in itself.

Whatever it has of grandeur or beauty is all its own;

it borrows from none.

Sweeping lines, lead the eye always to the center of the picture, where all the marvelous color, light and shade is focussed.

One vast precipice of rock is there, binding together the canon walls.

White, lemon and cadmium yellows, make its face one blaze of light and color.

On either hand, the spires and the buttresses are painted with orange, red, or purple, and stealing among these, pale violet grays, russets, citrons, all swelling the carnival of color. Amid all this glad acclaim, hangs, most lovely of all, the great fall.

Even at this distance, we can see the clearness of the water, as it glides slowly over the lip.

Then it breaks into ripples ot creamy foam, like delicate lace around a lady's throat.

Broader and deeper they grow as they fall, forming festoons and points of exquisite grace, through the interstices of which, pale emerald and opalescent blues reveal themselves.

Yet, all moving swiftly downward to become billowy gauze moving around the skirts of the fall finally passing away in mist.

Then the river forms again, in a dark green pool, and comes rushing forward, whitened with foam.

The basin is another wilderness of beautiful color;

rocks and ledges coated with cushions of gold-brown moss.

Above the falls are groups of pine, casting their long, purple shadows across intervening greensward.

Over all the azure sky, in which float warm-tinted clouds, shaded with pale cobalt. Yet all this scene is soft and tender, full of unity; and although it owes its chromatic splendor to the same cause that makes the springs so brilliant, it has none of their diablerie of effect.

The vast space soothes both mind and eye;

it is a sublime expression of the slow, everlasting working of Nature's laws.

ART SKETCHES OF THE YELLOWSTONE.

PINNACLES AND PALACE GORGE.

Gothic spires and pinnacles, rising from the sloping sides of the canon, in bewildering numbers, like those of Milan

Cathedral.

Spires of blanched white;

of creamy white, stained with yellow; of deep yellow, veined with ashen gray; of ochres, of carmine, of dun.

Back of this dark volcanic rock, and a glimpse caught of the fall, plunging into its blue, misty basin.

On a crag below, a hawk's nest, filled with her young brood; along the dizzy edge, the trail winding onward, mid wind-twisted trees;

sunlight and shadow playing among spires, and darkbrowed cliffs with magical effect, "Shifting shades that come and go

Like apprehensions hurried glow."

A few feet further and we look into the

Palace Gorge.

The canon deeper and narrower, and an even more magnificent display of color nature, vain of her powers, pouring forth her treasures with unstinted hand.

All harshness lost in dreamy haze of after-noon light; the farsunken river sending up but a faint noise, although we see it bounding from ledge to ledge, hurrying away to tell its wondrous tale to the lowland rivers and to the sea.

BETWEEN CANON AND LAKE.

Varied scenes, calling forth alternate feelings of admiration and disgust.

First a slender trout stream winding through willows.

Mudgeyser next, or Devil's Cauldron, a deep pit filled with boiling mud of pale slate color;

a dark tunnel piercing the mountain's face, whence the mud is ejected with gush and gurgle.

Near by a fissure in the rock, with a gushing forth of scalding water, and wild sounds heard far in the earth as of tortured souls—a Dantean hell.

Other pits and cauldrons around in the last gasps of agony, with an occasional bubble, or trembling of the thick mud, and puffs of escaping steam.

Coming as a relief to this are the head-waters of the Yellowstone River, as we near the lake;

a change to sylvan beauty;

grass, pools, trees, reeds, all of emerald hue, as though we were approaching the green enchanted region of Isenland.

YELLOWSTONE LAKE—TWILIGHT.

A broad majestic sheet of water, hemmed in by noble mountains;

sky filled with cumulus clouds, dark with rain;

waters of the lake in confusion, where the strong wind rushes down from the mountain passes upon them, turning pale waves to the sky as if in fear.

One small bay, with breakwater of glistening pebbles, and protected by circling hill and line ot pines, remaining calm, mirroring within its bosom the images of its protectors.

To the south, Mount Sheridan, lifting its sharp crests and wooded flanks against the fading light.

Across the lake, numerous islands, pinecrested, backed by wan snow-covered ridges, and bleak ravines, whence the waters are drawn from the inmost hills.

To the north-east nameless cliffs, castle shaped, and shaggy pine woods, black with their own shadows, and that of the coming night.

Nearer, pine trees, old and shattered;

trunks and branches covered with moss;

between their dark green portals, the lake waters glide away in stealth;

one white wild bird gliding away with them.

Foreground to this, a sloping meadow, between lake margin and forest edge;

tent on greensward, and restless burning ruby of flame;

three figures telling as black silhouettes against it.

THE FIRST SNOW.

All form blotted out of sky and distance by softly falling snow.

The lake perfectly calm, presents a glassy face, as though frozen;

at one point it fades into the gray sky as if it stretched out forever.

Nearer the long promontories show, ghost like, the pines reaching out their white arms;

water fowl rising in circles from the water, and passing in long lines to the south;

blind old Hoder with icy breath warning them to depart

Under the spreading branches of each snow-laden pine, is a circle of green, in which the Companiums droop their heads, and the Marguerites look out, with blue, wide open eyes of wonder.

HOMEWARD BOUND.

Interminable length of winding road and black pine woods;

interminable stretch of rolling hills, and level plain,

ERASTUS UNO IV.

covered with shroud of snow, and overhung by pall of cloud.

Each day the struggle renewed between storm and sunshine. A grand marshaling of cloudforces over Snake River Valley, reinforcements, for storm, sweeping forward from the north-west;

then a tri umphant reign of sleet and snow.

Yale to the Yellowstone.

Alfred Lambonrne.

ERASTUS SNOW.

Born November 9, 1818;

died May 27, Early in life Erastus Snow partook of the religious fervor, which seems to have entered into the hearts of nearly all our

New England people at about the. lose of the first quarter of the present cen tury.

Religious influences had so far affected him, that he was prepared to give the message of the Elders in 1832, when he first met them, careful thought;

and his convictions were so certain, at the age of fourteen, that he voluntarily being baptized by him on the eighth of

November, 1841, and from that time on members were converted, branches organized, and a great many New England

Saints brought into the fold.

In the building up of Nauvoo he was an active worker, when not absent on this eastern and other missions.

On the martyrdom of the Prophet he hurried from the east, and in the conflict of authority that threatened the welfare of embraced the Gospel and gave himself the Church, he was clear headed and to the service of the Lord for life.

He was ordained a Teacher in 1834, and commenced immediately to perform the functions of that office, in bearing testimony to neighbors, and preaching in surrounding villages.

From that time forward he has been known as a zealous preacher of the Gospel, and a devoted laborer in the cause of truth.

He was faithful, standing by the Apostles, and using his best endeavor to preserve the people from disaffection.

He assisted in the migration of the people from Nauvoo to Winter Quarters, and was one of the pioneer company, entering the valley of the Great Salt Lake.

He and Orson Pratt, being in the advance, were the first of the company successively ordained to the offices of to enter the valley, July 21st, 1847.

Teacher, Priest, Elder, High Priest and Apostle, and in each magnified his calling as a humble, energetic, wise and faithful minister.

One of the first important missions he performed was in introducing the Gospel in Salem and adjoining towns of Massachusetts.

He had passed through the persecutions of the Saints in Ohio and Missouri, and, in 1841, proceeded to this field of labor, where, in company with Elder Benjamin Winchester, he commenced preaching in the Masonic Hall, Salem.

Soon after, Elder Winchester went to Pennsylvania, leaving Brother Snow to continue the work alone.

He was wonderfully sueOn February 12th, 1849, Elder Snow was ordained to be one of the Twelve Apostles, and at the following October Conference, he was appointed to a mission to Scandinavia, at the same time Elder John Taylor was appointed to France, Lorenzo Snow to Italy, and F.

D. Richards to England.

They departed upon these missions on the nineteenth of

October, and Elder Snow sailed from Boston on a Cunard Steamer for

Liverpool, April 3, 1S50.

After spending some time in England, he proceeded to his destination, arriving in Copenhagen June 14, 1850, in company with Elders George P. Dykes and John E. Forsgren.

They were met by Elder P. O. Hansen, cessful in winning friends and enlisting a native of that city, who had embraced their interest in his message, and in the the Gospel in America and was a fellow course of a few months conversions missionary to Denmark.

The way was began to be quite frequent, the first five soon opened for the marvelous work

ERASTUS SNOW.—LAST DISCOURSE.

among the Scandinavian people, the first converts, U. C. Munster and Anna Beckstrom with thirteen others, being baptized on August 12, 1850.

Since that time it is estimated that more than fifty thousand Scandinavians have embraced the Gospel, and half that number have immigrated to Utah.

In 1861, in connection with Elder Geo.

A.

Smith, Erastus Snow accepted the mission to organize and locate settlements in Southern Utah, on the Rio Virgin and Santa Clara.

St.

George was founded; here he made his home, and to its growth and the development of the resources of the southern settlements, of which it is chief, he devoted the energies of as faithful and sturdy a colonizer as ever descended from those of the New England shores.

In more recent years, the progress of our settlements in Arizona, and Mexico, engaged a great deal of Elder Snow's time and attention.

He was a constant traveler by team and horseback, over the roughest mountain roads and passes, for forty years; and his physical endurance, even under the severest strains, often elicited from his companions, expressions of admiration and wonder.

As a legislator possessing all the characteristics of a patriotic statesman; with a mind stored with useful information, derived by thoughtful habits of reading and keen observation of humanity, he was without a superior in the counsels of our political government.

As a theological teacher, a counselor among officers of the Church, a promoter of industries and the material improvement of the people, Elder Snow will be remembered by thousands who have appealed to him for guidance or help.

He was one of the noble men of Zion, whose example may be faithfully followed by the youth, in whose welfare he was deeply interested, as will be seen from the earnest solicitude expressed by him, on the occasion of delivering the following, LAST DISCOURSE.* I feel that it is almost out of place for * These remarks were made by Apostle Erastus Snow at a special meeting of the officers of me to attempt to say anything after the flood of good things that has been poured out upon us to-night.

But it is a pleasure to me to bear testimony of these things, and to feel the witness of the Spirit in my heart, confirming us in the faith which we have received, which we have heretofore embraced and have spent our lives to teach.

As has been'said, it has been a long time since many of the Apostles have had the privilege of mingling with many of the people, only occasionally, here and there; and it is a great pleasure to us to meet with our brethren and sisters, and to speak to the young men of Israel;

and it is impossible to give vent to our feelings in language, but our hearts overflow with prayer and praise and thanksgiving unto God for our children, for our sons and daughters, and for the spirit that is given unto them, and for the principles that they are counted worthy to receive, and the keys and ordinances thereof.

For the children which the Lord has given unto us are like a heritage from our Father in heaven, and our feelings cluster around them.

Our hopes are centred in the young men of Israel, as has been said, to bear off this kingdom upon the face of all the earth.

And here are men before us that are destined to be the noblemen of the world and to figure in all the great affairs, not only of this Church and people, and of this Territory and prospective State, but in the United States and surrounding nations of the earth, as judges, governors, rulers, ambassadors, ministers to the nations;

to hold positions of honor, to wield influence in the affairs of men and nations, in the winding up scene, which is fast approaching; but not as many of us have supposed, notwithstanding every year is bringing it nearer and nearer.

We have been wont to feel that inspiration, in bearing testimony in the past, that brings all things present before us, as if, almost, they were upon us today.

But after spending our lives reflecting and talking of these things, still they are ihe Y. M. M.

I. A., held in the Social Hall, Salt

Lake City, Sunday evening, April 8th, 1881.

Reported by F. E. Barker.

ERASTUS SNOW.—LAST DISCOURSE.

in the future, for one day with God is as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day; and what appears to us to be almost within our grasp today, when the spirit of inspiration brings it in part to us, may be many days in the future;

and the Lord keeps His own counsel in these things, and it is not given to us to know and understand the day and the hour when the Son of Man will come;

but it is for us always to be prepared, and to so live that we shall be prepared when He does come.

And whether we lay down our bodies before the coming of the Son of Man or not, it mattereth not so that we have filled our days with usefulness, and are prepared to come forth when the trump shall sound and call forth the dead.

I do most heartily endorse those sentiments which have been expressed concerning the dead, who die in the Lord.

They do not taste of death.

It seems to me that there is no death, but they are moving on to life, life eternal.

Now here are the budding of Israel in the children that God has given to us, striving to learn what they are here for.

I can tell you books are most excellent things, providing they contain truth, and that well and very simply told.

The world is full of books, but, I was going to say, not full of the Holy Ghost; and the Holy Spirit is the best book and the best teacher that we can find on the earth.

Let us live so that we can be worthy to receive and enjoy that Holy Spirit, and then if we read we will select truth, and we will cast off the error, we will pick out the good things and let the bad go; books are full of chaff, and reading many of them is like hunting through a barrel of chaff for a kernel of wheat.

The method of getting up books which has been explained here this evening is a good one*; to have much that is good condensed in a small volume, clothed in simple language.

This will be profitable, and I endorse the sentiment that has prompted this method of reading.

It will be interesting, attractive and will excite the interest of a child.

It calls to my mind some of my early * M.

I. A. Course of Reading.

reading.

I have not been a very great scholar, and yet I have read all my life.

I have read somewhat promiscuously, but I can say that the sacred books have been the most precious to me.

My reading after my first school books was the New Testament, and I began that while I was beginning to read, and to spell, and to cipher, and to learn a little grammar.

I began reading the New Testament in my leisure moments, and I loved to read the history of the Savior, His life, His teachings, and then the history of the Apostles, and their travels, and some of the Epistles, but considerable parts of these were rather prosy and dry to me in my childhood, but have always grown more interesting as I grew older and better able to comprehend them.

I say the New Testament was always a precious book to me, and gave me an inclination to love the Lord, and try to draw God near unto me.

After I got hold of the Book of Mormon and some of the revelations given through Joseph Smith—(for

I embraced the Gospel when I was fourteen, though I had learned to revere God before that time, and my heart was prepared to receive it)—but when I got hold of some of these revelations, it was like consuming fire in me.

I knew these revelations were from heaven, the word of God, and

I have always found it from that time until this to be, as I felt, the word of God to His children;

and when I read the Book of Mormon, it was never a prosy work to me;

I have read it over and over again, and it was always fresh and new.

When it comes to history, the world is full of history, and the world has always been making history.

But the first history I read was a little work, called Gayerre's Compend of the World's History, and it was all brought into a nutshell, from the history of Nimrod down;

in a little volume, not containing more reading than the New Testament.

But these facts I well digested, and they have remained with me till this day, while the many volumes it referred to, and which I afterwards read, I was going to say, have gone from me.

I speak of it as the effect of a little well digested

3° THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

summary of history.

It impressed me more than anything else in the line of history that I have ever read since.

I will not detain you.

I will say, God bless you; only I will say one word more, for I would not be satisfied without saying that my experience has been like that of my brethren.

I have always mixed up manual labor with my studies.

I worked upon the farm with my father till I started out and entered into the work of the ministry.

I read nights and mornings, and every five or ten minutes that I had to spare, when I came into my meals;

and reflected upon what I had read while

I was at work, and was anxious to get to sit down to read a little more, thus mixing my labor with my reading, and one helped the other; labor strengthened the body, the body strengthened the mind, and the reading furnished some food for my mind to digest, while I was engaged with my hands at my labor.

Now, I say, with all your reading, do not forget that we are material beings upon the earth—here on a mission, and for a purpose; and one of the first commandments is. to multiply and replenish the earth.

Now, brethren, you have got some earth to replenish—and that means not only harvesting the fruit, but planting the potatoes, and looking after the sheep and the calves and the helpmeets that God has given to man to help him multiply.

Go to, all you young men who are not married, and get married, and the Lord give you a good companion and teach you how to use her, that she may be a crown of glory unto you through all the eternities of God.

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

A mathematician without religion is a probable character,an irreligious poet is a monster.-Burns.

Living as he did at a time when religious controversy was rife, and among a people noted for religious fervor, in his boyhood in daily companionship with his father, a man of deep religious sentiments and convictions, and, in addition to all this, possessed of the poet's nature, ardent, impulsive, imaginative—it would indeed be a wonder if Robert Burns, the

Scottish Bard, had no religion.

Yet in his day he was esteemed irreligious, even a blasphemer by "your children of sanctity"—the church folk, and especially by the parsons.

It cannot be denied that the poet said some hard things of the church, but then its ministers said hard things of him.

He had no special love for the church, and the ministers of the church feared and hated him.

And I must express the fear also that at times with "wits profane to range"he "complaisance extended;"for he generally defended those whom the church assaulted, and many of these lacked that reverence for God which the poet possessed.

The cause of the dislike of the church for Burns was that he wrote several poems that were stinging satires on the clergy;

exposing their hypocrisy, and their narrow, illiberal views, which "damned all parties but their own."

Among these poems was "The Ordination,""The Kirk's Alarm,""Holy Willie's Prayer"and "The Twa Herds."

Nor was Burns careful to confine his opposition to merely a defense of those under the displeasure of the church folk.

He carried the "war into Africa,"and assailed the ministers.

He intimated very clearly that For sense they little ow'd to heav'n To please the mob they hid the little giv'n.

Of one reverend gentleman who took for his text, "And they shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall"(Mai.

iv, 2)—he wrote:

Right, sir! your text I'll prove it true, Though heretics may laugh;

For instance, there's yoursel just now,

God knows, an'unco calf!

And should some patron be so kind

As bless ye wi'a kirk* I doubt, nae sir, but then we'll find

Ye're still as great a stirk.f * Church.

f A cow or bullock a year old.

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

And in your lug, most reverend lames,

To hear you roar and rowte, Few men o"sense will doubt your claims,

To rank among the nowtu.

And when ye're number'd wi'the dead,

Below a grassy hillock, Wi'justice they may mark your head "Here lies a famous bullock!"Of a certain parson's looks he said:

That there is falsehood in his looks I must and will deny;

They say their master is a knave

And sure they do not lie.

While the following is an epitaph on a celebrated ruling Elder:

Here Souter Hood in death does sleep

To hell, if he's gane thither, Satan gie him thy gear to keep,

He'll hauid it weel thegither.

His dislike of the parsons, of course, arose in the first place because of their absurd teachings.

He had no patience with their Three-mile pray'rs an'half-mile graces;

and he held with a stubbornness worthy of the parsons themselves, That what is no sense, must be nonsense.

In view of this particular part of the poet's creed, he did not seem to take kindly to the creed of Saint Athanasius, which is adopted by all the orthodox churches, and stands as follows:

"There is but one living and true God, everlasting, without body, parts, or passions; of infinite power, wisdom, and goodness.

And in unity of this Godhead there be three persons, of one substance, power and eternity, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost."Those who undertake an explication of this creed inform us "There is one person of the Father, another of the Son, and another of the Holy Ghost.

Such as the Father is, such is the Son;

and such is the Holy Ghost.

The Father, incomprehensible, the Son, incomprehensible, and the Holy Ghost incomprehensible.

The Father eternal, the Son eternal, and the Holy Ghost eternal.

And yet they are not three eternals; but one eternal.

As also there are not three incomprehensibles, but one incomprehensible.

So the Father is God, the Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God.

And yet they are not three Gods, but one God.

And they who will not accept this creed, even though it goes against the "stomach of their sense,"keeping the faith whole and undefiled, without doubt, is to perish everlastingly.

Burns refers, satirically, to this creed in the Kirk's Alarm:

D'rymple* mild, D'rymple mild though your Heart's like a child, And your life like the new driven snaw,

Yet that winna save ye, and Satan

Must have ye For preaching that three's ane an'twa. f

To this creed, the Presbyterians, the popular sect in Scotland, especially in Burn's day, add the further error of Calvin on predestination; which cannot be better described than by the opening stanza of "Holy Willie's Prayer:

Oh, thou wha in the heavens dost dwell,

Wha as it pleases best thysel'Sends ane to heaven and ten to hell,

A'for thy glory, And no for ony guid or ill They've done afore thee!

Original sin, too, was a subject harped upon in the poet's day, and in the poem just quoted, he states the doctrine in such a manner that its absurdity and horribleness at once appear:

What was I, or my generation—

That I should get sic exaltation, He makes Holy Willie say:

I wha deserve sic just damnation

For broken laws, Five thousand years 'fore my creation,

Thro'Adam's cause!

When frae my mither's womb I fell, Thou might hae plunged me in hell,

To gnash my gums, to weep and wail,

In burning lake;

Where damned Devils roar and yell

Chain'd to a stake.

These were doctrines held by the orthodox churches, by which he was surrounded.

And when you come to think that to dissent from any of these doctrines was held to be the chief of all sins, or, as the poet himself put it:

* This was Dr. Wm. Dalrymple, senior minister of the Collegiate Church of Ayr, and who did not accept this Athanasian creed.

f That three is one and two.

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

To join faith and sense, upon any pretense

Is heretic, damnable error!

his satire was not to be wondered at.

For every other sin there was the hope of absolution sometime, but for the sin of unbelief in these horrible dogmas, there was a never-ending hell. A moral, upright life, truthfulness, virtue and purity counted for nothing.

In view of such theology as this, Burns might well exclaim:

Morality, thou deadly bane, Thy tens o'thousands thou hast slain!

Vain is his hope, whose stay and trust is

In moral mercy, truth and justice!

No—stretch a point to catch a plack:*

Abuse a brother to his back:

Be to the poor like onie whunstanef

And haud their noses to the gunstanej

Ply ev'ry art o'legal thieving;

No matter—stick to sound believing!

Learn three-mile pray'rs, an'half-mile graces,

Wi'weel-spread looves an'lang wry faces;

Grunt up a solemn lengthen'd groan,

And damn a'parties but your own;

I'll warrant then, ye're nae deceiver,

A steady, sturdy, staunch believer!

Yet in all these attacks upon the clergy and the church, it will be observed there is nothing said derogatory of God or of true religion.

It was the abominable creeds of men which he satirized, not God or the idea of his existence that he ridiculed;

it was the speculative theology of his day that he assailed, not religion.

For religion itself he had a profound respect; before his God he was humble and sincere, however given he may have been to indulgence in the follies of humanity.

The poet himself was a religious man;

and that his conceptions of religion were at once manly and rational, we have abundance of evidence in his works.

What could be said of religion that would be more noble or sensible than these remarks taken from his "Epistle to a Young Friend:"* An old Scotch coin, the third part of a Scotch penny, twelve of which made an English penny.

f A kind of basaltic-rock.

J Grind-stone.

The fear o'hell's a hangman's whip, To haud the wretch in order;

But where ye feel your honor grip,

Let that aye be your border;

Its slightest touches, instant pause

Debar a'side pretenses;

And resolutely keep its laws, Uncaring consequences.

The great Creator to revere, Must sure become the creature;

But still the preaching cant forbear,

And en the rigid feature;

Yet ne'er with wits profane to range

Be complaisance extended;

An'atheist's laugh's a poor exchange

For Deity offended.

When ranting round in pleasur's ring,

Religion may be slighted, Or if she gie a random sting, It may be little minded;

But when on life we're tempest driven A conscience but a canker A correspondence fix'd wi'heav'n,

Is sure a noble anchor.

Or take his description of the family worship in that noblest of his poems, "The Cotter's Saturday Night,"and what a sweet, religious spirit breathes through the whole!

After the family have chanted their "notes in simple guise,"compared with which "Italian trills are tame,"and the "priest-like father"has read the appointed lesson

Then kneeling down to Heaven's Eternal King,

The saint, the father, and the husband prays:

Hope springs exulting on triumphant wing,

That thus they all shall meet in future days;

There ever bask in uncreated rays,

No more to sigh, or shed the bitter tear,

Together hymning their Creator's praise,

In such society but still more dear;

While circling time moves round in an eternal sphere.

Compar'd with this, how poor religion's pride,

In all the pomp of method and of art,

Where men display to congregation's wide,

Devotion's ev'ry grace except the heart!

The pow'r incensed, the pagaent will desert,

The pompous strain, the sacerdotal stole;

But happily in some cottage fare apart,

May hear well-pleas'd the language of the soulAnd in his Book of Life the inmates poor enroll.

In these two stanzas is shown on the one hand the poet's love and admiration

THE RELIGION OF ROBERT BURNS.

for true worship—the substance of religion; and on the other, his disgust for mere forms, or performances of it in public.

Let me hear your secret prayers, let me, unknown to you, be present with you when you converse with God, when you unbosom yourself to your Creator, and express to him your faith, your hope, your fear—and I can then judge of the intensity of your religious convictions, the quality of your faith, the strength of your hope and the proportion of your fear and the depth of your reverence.

Especially is this true as to judging the quality of a man's religious sentiment by listening to his secret prayers, if the prayers are offered under circumstances that of themselves take the mind away from the things of earth;

when some deep sorrow kills all the lusts of our fallen nature, the man no longer prays for the things which gratify his ambition,—the heart seeks reconciliation only with God.

When danger appals, or the sable wing of the angel of death overshadows him—when this world with its joys afld its sorrows, with its wealth of attractions, is slipping away, and man stands in the awful presence of dissolution—then, if you hear him pray, it will be a "prayer of earnest heart"—it will be the language of the soul!

It is from prayers of this character that we learn something of the religious sentiments of Burns.

The following was a prayer he wrote in the prospect of death:

O thou unknown Almighty Cause Of all my hope and fear!

In whose dread presence, ere an hour,

Perhaps I must appear!

If I have wandered in those paths Of life I ought to shun As something loudly in my.breast,

Remonstrates I have done Thou know'st that Thou hast formed me,

With passions wild and strong;

And list'ning to their witching voice

Has often led me wrong.

Where human weakness has come short,

Or frailty stept aside, Do Thou, All-good!

for such Thou art, Tn shades of darkness hide.

Where with intention I have err'd, No other plea I have, But Thou art good; and goodness still

Delighteth to forgive.

On the same occasion he also wrote the following:

Why am I loath to leave this earthly scene?

Have I so found it full of pleasing charms?

Some drops of joy with draughts of ill between;

Some gleams of sun-shine mid renewing storms;

Is it departing pangs my soul alarms?

Or death's unlovely, dreary, dark abode?

For guilt, for guilt, my terrors are in arms;

I tremble to approach an angry God,

And justly smart beneath his sin-avenging rod.

Fain would I say, "Forgive my foul offense!"

Fain promise never more to disobey,

But should my author health again dispense,

Again I might desert fair virtue's way;

Again in folly's path might go astray;

Again exalt the brute and sink the man;

Then how should I for heavenly mercy pray, Who act so counter heavenly mercy's plan.

Who sin so oft have mourn'd'yet to temptation ran?

Oh Thou great governor of all below!

If I may dare a lifted eye to Thee,

Thy nod can make the tempest cease to blow,

Or still the tumult of the raging sea;

With that controlling pow'r assist ev'n me

These headlong, furious passions to confine;

For all unfit I feel my pow'rs to be, To guide their torrent in th'allowed line;

Oh, aid me with Thy help, Omnipotence, Divine!

Comment is scarcely needed.

Deist, infidel, as he was esteemed by some in his day, I think I may with safety challenge the production of two such prayers from the writings of all the orthodox ministers of that century in which the poet lived.

Prayers in which deeper humility of spirit and self-abasement shall appear; or a more fervent faith in the goodness and omnipotence of God shall be manifest; or in which the appeal for help shall be more moving, or eloquent.

Horatio.

A man consulted two doctors.

One told him to drink nothing between meals.

The other forbade him to drink anything at meal times.

He paid both for advice, but it weakened his confidence in doctors.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, November, x888.

THE WORLD'S UNBELIEF.

If the young men and women of Zion would be confirmed in the faith of their fathers;

if they would become wholly convinced of the sacredness and virtue of the Gospel as it has been revealed in the present age, and have their hearts filled with satisfaction and gratitude for the precious testimony of its truth;

let them go down into the great world of Babylon and compare the ever living principles, which guide and govern the faithful in Zion, with the vague forms of worship, the hollow pretense of piety, and the insincere profession of belief which prevail there, in the name of Christianity, as religion.

Right in the midst of their churches and church-going people the most conspicuous evidences of the world's unbelief are met. From their gorgeous pulpits ministers, clothed in robes of silk and fine linen, pay polite compliments to their elegantly attired congregations, in honeyed words of praise for their Christian intelligence, praise for their Christian civilization, praise for their Christian religion.

They enjoin their followers to lives of Christian love,as children of Our Heavenly Father, made in the express image of God; and in the same hour deny that He has body, parts or passions, form or individuality.

They worship God in the name of the Only Begotten Son and have not an iota of belief, even, that He is a Being who could beget a son.

They read the Bible and profess to believe in every verse as a text of Divine truth, and in their hearts not one in ten thousand believe the first verse:

"In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth."Their civilization has utterly repudiated the agency of a Creator in the forming of the earth.

They pray in the name of Christ and paraphrase His sublime sayings with great swelling words and manners of eloquence that would make any humble believer ashamed and that they would be ashamed of, if they thought He saw or heard them.

The doctrines of the Savior—faith in His atonement, repentance, baptism for the remission of sins, the ministration of the Holy Ghost, the resurrection of the body, the organization of His church with apostles and prophets, the gifts of prophecy, tongues, visions, miracles, healings—all these and almost every other principle and manifestation of power, that characterized the personal ministry of Christ and the apostles, they have no faith in, and have dwarfed into insignificance by contrast with the glory of their so-called Christian civilization.

A civilization that to-day repudiates Christ in every essential feature claimed by Him as the Savior of mankind, and that would crucify Him were He to come again, as readily as did the Jews in the meridian of time.

The evidences of the unbelief of those whose profession is Christ and Him crucified, and of the adoption, by their supporters, of Christianity as a profession of faith, not a rule of practice, are so manifest throughout the great cities of the world, that to visit them once is enough to confirm the faith of every believer in the word of the Lord to Joseph Smith, on the occasion of his first vision; when He declared that the churches professing to worship Him were all wrong;

that they had changed the ordinances, broken the everlasting covenant and were teaching for doctrine the commandments of men, worshiping the Lord with their lips, while their hearts were far from Him.

For bearing testimony to this truth, which God had revealed to him, Joseph Smith lost his life and his followers have been persecuted for sixty years; yet today the more honest and intelligent among men in the world;

men of science and of letters, statesmen and theologians, confess the truth of the terrible arraignment, and in the communion of their own hearts, if they dare not voice it to others, admit that under the profession of Christianity Christ has long since been departed

EDITORIAL.

from;

and, in the"guise"of faith, doubt and unbelief almost universally prevail.

THE COURSE OF READING.

The M.

I.

A.

prescribed Course of Reading which has been adopted by the associations will be taken up by the members on the first of December and pursued during the season.

It is suggested that the following instruction and order be substantially observed in reading the first year's series, which comprises five volumes, viz:

I. The Gospel, by B. H. Roberts.

II.

History of England, by Charles Dickens.

III.

First Book of Nature, by James E. Talmage.

IV. Readings from Washington Irving.

V.

Life of Nephi, by George Q. Cannon.

Read with attention and thought, not hastily, but for the purpose of getting an understanding and appreciation of the matter read.

The time to be devoted to the reading must be determined by each reader for himself; but it is urged upon all that a portion of each day or evening be given to the perusal and study of these books.

An hour or two each day thus occupied will enable the youngest or least educated reader to complete the course in the time proposed;

while the better informed may do so in a quarter of that time.

It will be well, however, for all to adopt the plan of devoting a certain amount of time daily to the course.

It will surprise many who now think they "have no time to read"to discover how frequent periods, of from ten to fifteen minutes each, every day affords; even in the lives of the busiest, if there is a purpose in view to which they are to by dedicated.

These fifteen minute thoughtful, attentive readings have educated some of the most notable men in history.

In reading these books it should be borne in mind that they are recommended as examples of the character and variety of literature that may be profitably read by our young people.

It is not the intention to restrict any one to the perusal of these books only.

On the contrary, while all are enjoined to read these, they are urged to extend their reading as much further as they can, while observing "to read with attention and thought;"and it is especially desirable that the works referred to by the books of the course and subjective titles of lectures should be consulted and read.

The doctrinal, historical and scientific works will, by reason of their character, require more time and deeper study than the selections from General and Home Literature, which are designed for recreation and entertainment and to give an impulse to untrained minds to seek for and appreciate pure and wholesome literature.

It is, therefore, suggested that the several books of the first year's series be taken up and read in the following order, though there is nothing arbitrary in this arrangement, and each Association is at liberty to prescribe the order in which the books should be read by its members;

and individuals, not thus guided, to pursue the course in any order that may be most pleasing and acceptable to themselves.

December: History of England, chapters i to xii; The Gospel, chapters i tox;

Readings from Irving,chapterson Christmas.

January: The Gospel, chapters xi to xx;

First Book of Nature, part i, animals, chapters i to xvii; History of England, chapters xiii to xxi.

February:

First Book of Nature, part i, animals, (complete);

part ii, plants;

History of England, chapters xxii to xxxi; The Gospel, chapter xxi to end;

Life of Nephi. chapters i to x.

March:

History of England, chapter xxxii to end;

First Book of Nature, part iii, plants; part iv, the heavens;

Life of Nephi, chapter xi to end.

April: Review and finish.

As it is expected that the Associations will continue their regular meetings until the end of April, during that month the test questions, which will be duly published, should be answered.

Reports from the readers should be made up in each Association and prepared by the secretary, to be entered in his annual

TRUTH.

report, according to forms and instrucfor the same, should be made to The tions that will be supplied.

Contributor Company, No.

40, Main Orders for the series of books should

Street, Salt Lake City, be made by the officers of the Associations—upon blanks that will be furnished The circular of the General Super-—a duplicate being retained by them, intendency referring to the president and

The cost of the set of five volumes, is his counselors, as constituting the prog- $2.50 in, advance. Time payments; $1.00 ramme eommitttee, of each Association, in advance, and fifty cents on the first impresses the fact upon reflecting officers of January, February, March and

April, that the duty of assigning the exercises The price put on these books is exas well as the responsibility of conductpected to simply pay for their prbducing the meetings rests upon those officers, tion and the necessary expenses of It is reasonable to suppose that none handling them.

Any profit above this are so well qualified for it; knowing the that may be made, will go to the general members, and in a position to impartially fund for the maintenance of the Course and wisely apportion the labor to be perof Reading, in the production of future formed.

The extra time devoted to the volumes, etc.

performance of this task will increase the

All orders for the books, and payments interest of the officers.

TRUTH.

An ocean jewel, cast upon the strand, Unseen, yet glittering 'neath the trampled sand,

Neglected and alone, in darkness lay,

Till time, in m uiy a wave, had rolled away.

In vain the loud surge dashed upon the shore,

In vain the lightning's wrath, the thunder's roar,

Securely slumbered in its lowly bed, A rarer gem than e'er decked kingly head.

At length, a shining edge peered forth to view,

A sun-lit drop, as 'twere, of morning dew,

And yet no glance e'er rested on the prize,

None guessed what lay concealed from human eyes.

Men came and went, but all were proud and vain,

They gazed upon the sky and distant main,

Eager for wealth, yet none would look so low,

Or stoop for gems, how'er so bright, below.

Along the lonely beach, one summer day,

It chanced, at length, a little child did stray,

Beheld the jewel, sparkling in the sand,

And drew it forth with tiny, eager hand.

And thus the treasure, which had lain concealed,

In Fate's full ripened hour to be revealed,

Long kept from pride, or mammon's sordid sight,

By humble means at last was brought to light.

E'en so with Truth, the richest, rarest gem,

Save one, in Christ's eternal diadem;

By Merit worn, though oft in meanest guise,

Men scorn the source and trample on the prize.

Orson t.

Whilnev

ASSOCIATION

INTELLIGENCE.

We present this month to be followed in succeeding numbers by others, the subjective titles of lectures for regular meetings covering the following subjects:

Doctrine, History, Science, American Literature, Civil Government, the regular Scriptural (Bible, Testament and Book of Mormon), Analysis, and Church

History.

From these headings and the brief analyses given, together with suitable musical and other excercises for variety, the programmes of the regular meetings can very readily be made up.

It is not expected that at every meeting a lecture shall be given upon each of these subjects, or that the lectures are to be very exhaustive on any of them. The purpose is to attract the attention of the members and- concentrate it upon the books they are reading at home, to direct them where they may find information upon the various subjects treated of and to say merely enough to interest them in the subjects, so that they will search for more light in the directions indicated.

These lectures need not, if well handled, occupy more than ten minutes each, and it should be the constant endeavor for the lecturer to confine himself exclusively to his subject, Systematic progress will be made by taking up the lectures in the order in which they are presented and care taken to avoid repetitions.

These subjective titles may be assigned for essays as well as lectures Those associations which pursued the

Scriptural subjects last year and wish to finish them will find analyses of the historical threads of the Bible and Book of

Mormon continued in the present volume, carrying them through those sacred books during the year.

Associations wishing to take up these subjects from the beginning are referred to the Ninth Volume, for the first thirty lectures on each.

We suggest to secretaries that in taking minutes they keep the record of lectures delivered at each meeting in the

Roll and Record book, marking each at the meeting when it is delivered.

As there is no column headed Civil Government, lectures upon that subject might be recorded in the column for Political lectures.

While these titles are given and it is expected they will form the basis for the programmes of regular meetings, and afford some assistance in the preparation of programmes for joint sessions, they are not intended to be arbitrarily forced upon the Associations to the exclusion of other subjects.

There is indeed nothing of this spirit in their preparation.

The aid it is hoped they will supply to those who are at a loss for appropriate programmes and whose inexperience often embarrasses them in presenting an order of exercises, is freely tendered for what it may be worth.

In the great field of knowledge which we have entered, and in which we expect to labor for mutual improvement, there will be found harvests and gleanings not hinted at in these titles that may be gathered to the profit and happiness of the laborer.

PROGRAMME.

Part I: Opening exercises:

i. Singing;

2.

Prayer;

3.

Roll;

4.

Business items and notices.

Part II:

Regular subjective work:

1.

Bible lecture;

2.* Book of Mormon;

3.* New Testament;

4.

Church History;

5.

Science;

6.

Doctrinal, Theology;

7.f History;

8.| Literature (Biographical).

Part III:

Responses:

1.

Queries (answering written questions assigned at previous meeting);

2.

Testimonies;

3. Reports;

4. Remarks by visitors.

Part IV:

Closing exercises:

x. Reading of programme for next meeting;

2.

Benediction.

This entire programme should occupy about ninety or one hundred minutes, and if each part is performed with alacrity and vim, all can be brought successfully within this compass.

The parts having a * and f prefixed are to alternate from week to week and essays may be written instead of lectures being given upon them if thought desirable.

A programme for monthly joint sessions

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

will appear in the December Number of

The Contributor.

As an aid in preparing programmes and making assignments to members it is suggested that a Programme-Book be kept by the president and his counselors.

This Programme Book should show:

i. The date;

2.

the number;

3.

the subject;

4. by whom filled.

SCRIPTURAL ANALYSIS.—M.

H.

HARDY AND GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

BIBLE.

Lecture XXXI.—Allotment of the inheritances.

Time, to B.

C.

Subdivisions:

(1) The survey and topography of the country;

(2) equitable division by lot; (3) general conference, and

Joshua's farewell address.

References, Joshua, xiii to end; Josephus, Book V, chapter i.

(See special map of Palestine.)

XXXII.—Israel under the Judges.

Time, 1426 to 1095 B.

C.

Subdivisons:

(1) First servitude of the Israelites under Cushan, king of Mesopotamia (1413);

(2) Othniel defeats Cushan, and is judge over Israel forty years (1405); (3) second servitude of the

Israelites under the Moabites (1342), and subjugation of Moab by Ehud the judge, (1325);

(4) third servitude of the Israelites, under the Canaanites (1305), and Deborah, the prophetess judge in Israel, (1285); (5) fourth servitude of the Israelites, under the Midianites 1252, and deliverance by Gideon, the judge, (sacredness of covenant) (1245);

(6) fifth servitude of the Israelites, under the Ammonites (1205), and deliverance by Jephthah, judge in Israel, (1187,) (sacredness of covenant);

(7) Eli.

the priest, judges Israel, (1156); sixth servitude of the Israelites, under the Phillistines, forty years (1156); (Ruth's constancy.) References, Judges; Ruth.

Josephus, Book V. chapter ix.

XXXIII.—Israel under the kings.

Time, 1095 to 588 B. C.

Special topic:

Saul, first king of Israel.

(1) Samuel the prophet;

(a) his calling, by the voice of the Lord, (b) his ministry;

(2) Saul's reign.

References, first Samuel, 1 to 14; Josephus, Book VI.

chapter i-viii.

NEW TESTAMENT.

Lecture XXXI.—Paul's Epistle to the Romans.

Time, 60 A. D.

Subdivisions:

(1) Rewards based on works, not on words;

(2) principle not changed by custom;

(3) salvation free to all who keep the laws of life;

(4) evil subdued by the irresistible force of good;

(5) obedience to legal authority;

(6) every person responsible for the influence he possesses.

Reference, Romans, complete.

XXXII.—Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians.

Time, A.

D.

Subdivisions:

(1) The dispensation of the fulness of times;

(2) the fixedness of the law of option;

(a) one Lord, (b) one faith, (c) one baptism;

(3) exclusion of evil by the preoccupancy of good.

Reference, Ephesians.

XXXIII.- Paul's Epistles to the Philippians and Colossians.

Time, A.

D.

Subdivisians:

(1) Godly ambition;

(see Philippians, chapter ii, 5-7);

(2) baptism a typical burial and resurrection;

(3) eternal riches;

(4) grace and dignity of speech.

Reference, Colossians, complete.

BOOK OF MORMON.

Lecture XXXI.—Lamoni, the Lamanite king and his people.

Subdivisions:

(1) His conversion;

(2) his proclamation of protection to the Nephite missionaries; (3) general conversion of his subjects;

(4) conferring the kingdom upon his son;

(5) his death.

Reference, Book of Alma, chapters xxi-xxiv.

XXXII.—The people of anti-NephiLehi.

Subdivisions:

(1) The removal of the curse from them;

(2) their threatened destruction by the Lamanite outlaws;

(3) their refusal to shed blood;

(4) the one thousand and one martyrs;

(5) conversion of the invaders;

(6) second attack of the vengeful Lamanites;

(7) their exodus to the land of Zarahemla.

Reference, Alma, xxiv-xxvi.

XXXIII.—Wars with the Lamanites.

Time, fifteenth year of the reign of the judges.

Subdivisions:

(1) The prevention of the Lamanites from crossing the isthmus;

(2) the defeat of the Lamanitish rebels in the land of Nephi;

(3) the battle of Jershon.

References, Book of Alma, chapters xxvi-xxviii.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

SUBJECTIVE TITLES OF LECTURES AND ESSAYS.

THEOLOGY.—B.

H. ROBERTS.

Lecture I.

The Gospel; what it is; how, made available as a means of salvation to man.

References: Rom.

i, 15, 16.

In connection with Matt, vii, 21-24;

Jas.

i, 21, 22; Heb. v 8, 9;

see also chapter i, of "The Gospel"M.

I.

A Course of Reading II.

The Fall or transgression of Adam; what was lost and gained by it to mankind.

References:

Gen.

iii;

Writings of Moses, Pearl of Great Price;

Book of Mormon, II Nephi li;

Alma xlii.

Latter part of Remarkable Visions by Orson Pratt.

III.

The Atonement of Christ, part i;

its twofold force;

first, from the consequences of Adam's transgression;

the redemption as universal as the fall.

References: Rom.

v, 2-19;

I Cor. xv, 20-23.

Also proved by resurrection being universal, see Dan.

xii, 2; John v, 25-30;

Acts, xxiv, 15;

Rev.

xx; Book of Mormon II Nephi ii; Alma xlii; Alma xi, 40-45; Alma xii;

Hela. xiv, 16; "The Gospel."IV.

The Atonement of Christ, part ii;

redemption from the consequences of personal sins;

the principle on which such redemption is based;

brief review of the laws and ordinances to be obeyed.

References: See all references on preceding lecture, and in addition "The Gospel,"chapters on Individual Salvation; O.

Pratt's Kingdom of God, parts ii and iii.

V.

Faith, part i; what faith is; on what it is based;

the importance and necessity of faith in general—in religion;

the Being in whom religious faith centres.

References: Heb.

xi, 1;

Doctrine and Covenants, lecture i;

"The Gospel,"chapter vii; Kingdom of God by O. Pratt, part ii, faith.

VI.

Faith, part 11;

necessity of faith in the Scriptures;

they contain the traditions and revelations respecting the existence and character of God;

the Bible as a whole.

References:

"The Gospel,"chapters vii and viii; Chamber's Information for the People, Vol.

ii; Hist, of the Bible.

HISTORY—ENGLAND.

References:

Macaulay;

Green's History of the English People; Dickens, England.

Lecture I.

Ancient England and the Romans;

50 B. C. to 450 A. D.

II.

The early Saxons; 450 A. D. to 1016 A.D.

III.

The Danes;

1016 A. D.

to 1066 A. D.

IV.

Harold and William the Conqueror.

V.

The Normans;

1066 A. D. to 1154 A. D.

VI.

Henry the First;

1100 A.

D.

to 1135.

VII.

Mathilda and Stephen;

A. D.

to 1154 A. D.

SCIENCE.—JAS. E. TALMAGE.

References: Tenney's Natural History of Animals; Hooker's Natural History; Steele's Popular Zoology;

First Book of Nature.

Lecture 1.

The Kingdoms of Nature:

1.

Animals;

2. Plants;

Minerals.

Animals and plants belong to the class of living things; min erals are dead.

II.

Kinds of Animals:

1.

Vertebrates, or animals possessing bones and red blood. Warmblooded vertebrates include mammals and birds;

cold-blooded vertebrates include reptiles, amphibians, and fishes.

2.

Invertebrates or animals possessing no internal skeleton, and no red blood, as insects, worms, mollusks and radiates.

III.

Apes and Monkeys.

Different classes are illustrated by Chimpanzee, gorilla, orangoutang and spider monkey.

Study shape of the body:

feet all like hands, hence such animals are called Quadrumanous or four-handed.

Body is not well adapted to upright position;

this is not the natural posture of a monkey.

IV.

Insectivorous Animals or Insect-eaters.

Study their use to man.

The bat, why not to be called a bird; how the bat catches its prey.

The mole, how it makes its underground home.

V.

Carnivorous Animals or Flesh-eaters:

1. Cat family, including the domestic cat, wild cat, jaguar, leopard, panther, tiger, and lion;

2. Dog family—dog, wolf, fox, hyena;

3. Weasel family—weasel, otter, skunk, mink, sable;

4. Bear family—bear, racoon.

Study the long claws and sharp teeth of all flesh-eating animals.

VI.

Herbivorous Animals or Plant-eaters:

1. Horse family—horse, donkey, zebra;

2. Ox family, some times called Cud-chewers or Ruminants—ox, deer, sheep, camel, giraffe;

3. The Elephant family.

AMERICAN LITERATURE.

References: Shaw's English Literature; Manual of American Literature by N. K. Royse.

Lecture I.

History and early characteristics.

Literature of the Pilgrims; Jonathan Edwards;

Literature of the Revolution;

Patriotic oratory;

Hamilton, Adams, Patrick Henry.

II.

Colonial and Revolutionary Historians.

Sullivan, Trumbull, Gayerre, Young, Moultrie, Winthrop, Cheever, Upham, Dr. Ramsay.

III.

Early American Poetry.

Dwight, Humphreys, John Trumbull, Freneau, Joel Barlow.

4o ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

IV.

Early oratory of the present century.

Story, Kent, Webster, Choate, Clay, Randolph, Everett.

V.

Development of History and Biography.

Bancroft, Prescott.

Motley, Irving, Hildreth, Cooper, Lossing.

VI.

Later American Poets and Poetry.

Writings of Longfellow, Bryant, Whittier, Poe,

Holmes, Lowell, Saxe, Bayard Taylor.

VII.

The Essayists:

Irving, Emerson, Dr.

Channing, Mitchell, Dr.Holland, E. P. Whipple,

W. D. Howells, Gail Hamilton.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT—JOS. B. KEELER.

References:

Wedgewood's Government and Laws;

Andrew's Manual of the Constitution;

Young's Government Class-Book, pages 23-33.

In the March number, Volume IX of The

Contributor the analysis for three lectures on the general principles of law was presented.

Those principles should be thoroughly mastered, then that which follows will be better understood.

The plan is to study, first, the government by the state; and, second, the government by the nation. This order would seem preferable for the reason that the youth are much better acquainted with the practical workings of the State or Territory, than they are with the national government Lecture I.

Republican Form of Government.

1.

Best because it secures the people their liberties;

2. General welfare promoted;

3.

Rights of persons and property may be fully enjoyed.

II.

A Constitution.

The word signifies to set, to fix, to establish.

The constitution of a State means the established form of government.

It is the political law;

it is in the nature of an agreement between a body politic and each of its members.

Delegates in convention assembled make a draft of a constitution, which is presented to the people.

Such draft becomes the constitution of the State by the vote of a majority in favor of it.

A constitution usually provides for its own amendment.

III.

Qualification of Voters.

The right to vote is called the right of suffrage.

The qualifications of voters may be examined under these headings:

as to age, sex, residence, and naturalization.

Criminals, idiots and Indians not taxed have not the right to vote.

Elections may be studie 1 under these heads: when held, election districts, as state, county, city, judges of elections, registration and poll-list manner of voting, challenging, canvassing votes, the number necessary to elect, and difference between a plurality and a majority.

IV.

Divisions of the Powers of Government.

Government is divided into three distinct divisions, and the power may be exercised in three directions, namely:

in making laws, in enforcing them, and in judging whether particular cases come under certain laws.

The departments of government are, first, legislative, or law-making;

which consists of a senate, house of representatives, and a governor.

Second, the executive, or law executing, represented by a governor, and other executive officers.

Third, judicial, or law interpreting and applying consists of all the judges.

CHURCH HISTORY.—GEORGE C. LAMBERT.

For details with which to clothe the following skeleton lectures upon Church History, the student is referred to the recently published histories of Joseph Smith, by George Q. Cannon and by Andrew Jenson; to the continued articles on the subject published in the Juvenile Instructor, commencing with Vol. XI, and in the Millennial Star, commencing with the supplement to Vol. XIV.

Some data may also be obtained from "The Martyrs,"by L.

O.

Littlefield, the Autobiography of Parley P.

Pratt, History of Heber C. Kimball, now being published.in previous volumes of The Contributor, and incidentally from a number of other works which treat in part upon the subject.

Lecture I.—1805 to 1820—Birth and parentage of Joseph Smith—His occupation—Educational advantages—Changes of residence—Religious revival^—Impressions concerning the clashing creeds—Prevalent idea about the character of the Deity-—His belief in the promise of the Apostle James.

II.—1820 to 1823—Joseph Smith's first vision-—Persecutions on making it known Penitence for youthful foibles—His first prayer heard.

III.—1823 to 1827—Moroni's visits and instructions—The plates shown to Joseph Smith—Employed by Josiah Stoal—His marriage.

IV.—1827 to 1828—Plates delivered to Joseph Smith—Attempts upon his lite—Removal to Pennsylvania—Work of translation

Characters submitted to Prof. Anthon—Manuuscript lost—Plates, etc., taken from Joseph Smith and regained—First revelation received.

V.—1829—Revelations received—joined by Oliver Cowdery—Work of translation—Aaronic Priesthood—

First baptisms—

Removal to Peter Whitmer's—Translation finished—Other baptisms—Witnesses to the Book of Mormon.

VI.—1829 to 1830—Calling of the Twelve made known—Melchisedec Priesthood restored—Book of Mormon printed—Church organized—Ordinations and confirmations—

First discourse—First miracle.

<r~> T\ E NINE € HE Ninth Volume concluded with the October number* Bound Volumes are now ready for delivery.

Price, $2.50, including the premium -picture of Lieut.- Genl.

Joseph Smith, mountedSubscribers having paid their subscription $2-50, are entitled, to the binding of their volumes FREE.

They should arrange the numbers in order, write their names on the title page of Number 1, tie them together and forward to this office for binding. (If the subscribers deliver their volumes, thus prepared, to our local agents, they will forward them at the earliest opportunity by team or express at much less cost than by mail.) The volumes will be bound and returned as soon as possible, but all charges must first be paid.

Subscribers wishing their bound volumes returned by mail, must forward 20 cents each to prepay postage, otherwise their volumes will be returned by express at their expense or remain at our office until called for.

Missing numbers that have been lost or destroyed will be supplied to subscribers, sending volumes to be bound, at 15 cents eachThe money for these must accompany the order for binding.

We can supply a limited number of bach volumes from the beginning at $2.50 each, excepting Volume Four, and. a few COMPLETE SETS.

Price for the nine volumes, $20 00.

The Contributor Company, 40 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PREMIUMS.

Three Libraries.

One Hundred Volumes.

GIVEN TO THE Y. M. M.

I. A.

RELIEVING ihe officers of the Associations are generally interested in the welfare of The Contributor, and with a view to stimulating their interest in extending its circulation, we have determined to offer, as special premie iums to the Associations, the following carefully selected libraries of choice books.

They form as good a foundation for an Association Library as it is possible for us to suggest, and we are confident that the Associations getting them will be amply repaid for the exertions made to secure them.

LIBRARY NUMBER ONE.—FIFTY VOLUMES—$72.50.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M, M.

I. A. in the Ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions for the Contributor, Volume Ten., April ist, 1889.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS—A series of historical studies, prepared by authors of the highest standing, elegantly printed and illustrated; published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, New

York, comprising the following twenty volumes, at $1.50 each, #30.00 I.

Greece, VI.

Norway, XI.

The Moors in Spain, XVI.

Assyria, II.

Rome, VII.

Spain'.

XII.

The Normans, XVII.

Ireland, III.

The Jews, VIII.

Hungary, XIII.

Persia, XVIII.

The Goths, IV.

Chaldea, IX.

Carthage.

XIV.

Ancient Egypt, XIX.

Turkey, V.

Germany, X.

The Saracens, XV.

Alexander's Empire, XX.

Media.

THE NEW PLUTARCH—A beautiful set of biographies containing the lives of those who have made the history of the world, edited by Walter Besant; published by G. P. Putnam's

Sons, New York, eleven volumes, at $1.00 each, $11. co.

I.

Abraham Lincoln, V.

Haroun al Raschid, IX.

Victor Emanuel, II.

Coligny, VI.

Sir John Franklin, X.

Marie Antoinette, III.

Judas Maccabaeus, VII.

Sir Richard Whittington, XL Frederick the Great.

IV.

Joan of Arc, VIII.

Martin Luther, LIFE OF COLUMBUS, by Washington Irving, three volumes, at $1.00 each, $3.00.

LIFE OF MAHOMET, by Washington Irving, two volumes, at $1.00 each, $2.00.

HISTORY OF ENGLAND, by Lord Macaulav, Harper's Edition, five volumes, at $1.00 each. $5.00

HISTORY OF OUR OWN TIMES, by Justin. Macarthy, two volumes, at $1.50 each, $3 00.

STORIES FOR BOYS, by Edward Everett Hale, five volumes, at $1.00 each; 85.00,

Stories of Invention, Stories of War.

Stories of Discovery, Stories of the Sea, Stories of Adventure.

BEN HUR, A Storv of the Savior, by Gen. Lew Wallace, $1.50.

WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY, latest edition, indexed, $12.00.

LIBRARY NUMBER TWO.-THIRTY VOLUMES-$47.00.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.I. A., of less than fifty, and more than twenty-five members, in the

Ward, having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to THE CONTRIBUTOR, Vol. Ten,

April ist, 1889.

STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), twenty volumes, at $1.50, $30.00.

UNCIVILIZED RACES OF THE WORLD—Two volumes, pages, illustrated, and bound in library sheep, at $4.00 each, $8.00.

SAMUEL SMILES'WORKS—Self-Help, Thrift, Character, Duty—four volumes, $1.00 each, $4.00

PLUTARCH'S LIVES—two volumes; at $1.25 each, $2.50.

HISTORIES OF HERODOTUS—two volumes, at $1.25 each, $2.50.

LIBRARY NUMBER THREE.—TWENTY VOLUMES-$30.00.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.

I. A. of less than twenty-five members in the ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to

The Contributor, Volume Ten, April ist, 1889.

CONDITIONS:

The Associations competing for either of these libraries, will be required to certify, by the President and Secretary, to the number of members enrolled on March ist, 1889, and who have actually attended meetings during the season.

Subscribers names will be entered upon THE CONTRIBUTOR books, arranged in the wards in which they live; and the awarding of the libraries will be determined by the numbers, as they appear paid up in full April ist 1889.

Officers of the Associations are requested to promote the canvass for subscriptions not only among the members, but throughout *heir respective wards, as the award of premiums will be made with respect to the number of subscribers, whether they are members of Associations or not. Names should be forwarded through the local agent, or direct to the office, where the officers may see the Premium Volumes, and get further information if desired.

•*-Hjg^fejKj*^^^g^jjjg^fe^jt; -fc-^^tf&'gHr-* o ooooooooooooo oooooooooooooo o WHITER SONS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Cured Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

WTHilT^ <£s SONS, W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE No.

S^.XVT XjJZ.3^^1 CX1TZ-..

o oooooooooooooo ooooooooooooo o f-SL-v- ^-^-^<^w^^^w^w^>S—SL *^ &-i JOHN M. BROWNING.

MATT. S. BROWNING Ijjjrimrmttg l^rm* f j|f§.% WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., Guns, Rifles, Pistols, iSttgtltt, ijtaseball tyooife, %MH %m\U- •—->} 4 agEHID FOK CATALOGUE.C » Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

Perfect Equipment

SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANOA.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAAD CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

UTAH CENTRAL RAILW'Y PIONEER LINE OF UTAH, Runs Regular Trains for Convenience of Public, From OGDEN to FRISCO.

SdFE.-:-:-:-:-:-:-COMFORmBLE.-:-:-:-:-;-:-QUICK.

JOHN SHARP, TAMES SHARP, FRANCIS COPE, General Supt.

Asst. Genl. Supt, Gen. Freight 6^ Tkt. Agt.

R. K. THOMAS, Bagle Emporium.

X>r»y Goods^ Hotions, R. K. THOMAS.

s-^t^im:. shields & oo-,^^^_^ 43 & 45 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, tCONFECTIONEDY.t

James A. Hayks, James Murray, Edwin G. Partridge.

MANUFACTURERS Ladies', Misses', Children's, Boys and Youths, l d.young, ^iqrr^T^Si dV- C EJWagent for utah. ^rivFiV^* Philadelphia.

PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF rLOCH m High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St., salt laikiiej oity, utah.

dJofon ©. ©catlep W ©po„O-AGENTS,^ f»rovq ^^opi/e^ good js, Always have in Stock a Fine Line of

Home Made Suitings, Dress Goods, Flannels and Yarn.

I(OLD CONSTITUTION BUILDING. )|

H. O. KROH

<& CO., -MANUFACTURERS OFmt OPAQUE AND TRANSPARENT SHADE CLOTHS,

AND IMPORTERS OF SCOTCH WINDOW HOLLANDS, ^^•Goods Sold by Z. C. M.

I. and Henry Dinwoodey, Salt Lake City;

Boyle & Co., Ogden."^^ Manufacturers of Made of Annealed Steel and galvanized Wire, and 44 Pickets per Bod, at a cost of from 45 cts. to 81.00 pec Rod.

This is the Best Farm and Garden Fence Made.

Combination Fence;

IxdCacLe oaa. Improveel Slaaa..

Setter t3a.em. e-rs-jr laaaportedL

Agents for the Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACHINES D.&RG.

Pleasant Valley COLORADO ANTHRACITE, km.

x Pig Iron.

4..

I^. WILLIAMS, AGENT.

143 S. Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

HENRY DINWOODEY.

I M m •^FimNITUftE.

Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, -HH BABY CARRIAGES, fefSLEDS. BHAC2CETS, MURZESODRS, rxuio IK HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

T^Yrs/, South St., Salt Lake City.

eipool & London & Globe* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders. t* Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston, $4,500,000.00 Income in the United States, 1SS7, 4,114 103.44 Expenditures in the United States, 1887, 3,635, 121. 43 CHICACO BOARD OF DOCTORS:

70WV CRERAR of. Crerar, Adams & Co., LEVI Z. IE ITER late Field, Leiter <fc Co., EZR J- WAHXER, of Snranue.

Warner & Co., WILLIArt WARREN, Resident See'y, Chicago. Ills.

J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City.

RICAN C ^h Cash Capital, £ Cash Assets, Surplus, $1,000,000.00 5,285,289.00 3,112,138.00 UT-rLTUTJ-U-LTL. lrUTJXrUXrUTJUXnJTnAJTJTJlJlJTrUTJTJTJl/

E. OELBERMANN, President, JNO.

W. MURRAY, Vice-President.

JAMES A. SIL VEY, Secretary.

HEBER J. GRAfTT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

TO CONTRACTORS!

The New Era Railroad Builder will build 4-foot Embankments or the Base of large Embankments at a cost of from i£ to 2^ cents per cubic yard, and will load wagons at -z\ to 3 cents per cubic yard.

Which We Stantl Ready to Prove.

.mphlet Showing SJ - ^ UA^M/^ JVVLO/. VW-^ est Methods of » Q Send for Pa the Cheape Handling Earth to agiijiiiiiiialilliiall FACTORY—Cor. Carpenter St., and Carroll Ave -CHICAGO, ILL.- LAI KG & MAGINNIS, Ienpnrtsrs ami Dealers in every dexerijttioit of

K*J A A '*W^ Mmmid FINDINGS.

Sole A$?ents for the United States for BLAKEY'S BOOT and

SHOE PROTECTORS And PARAGON LASTS.

«$*i30 NORTH THIRD STREET,^!- --^PHILADELPHIA, PEMA.c£#»

n luaaeiBiM -OKOANIZED 1S25Stood the Test of All the Great

Fires.

CAPITAL, $400,000.

FIRE ASSETS, $2,890,897, SURPLUS to Policy Holders, $2,007,968.

BROWN. CRAIG &.

CO.. APT?\TT^ HEBER J.GRANT & CO

San Francisco.

.^VjrJZylX Salt Lake City.

nee Co.i^ •<I798* The Oldest Company in America.

^iof North America** Cash Capital, Cash Assets, $3,000,000.00 8,474,351.00 H.

J. GRANT & CO., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

AmpripflTiFirp #.^assets, $2,401,956 AuiDi wan r 11 d ^mm m.

$1)523)182 J^- EXPENDITURES, 1888, $1,415,773 -^SURPLUS TO POLICY HOLDERS, 911,577 OFEstablished Brown,Craig&C 6., General Agents, N FRANCISCO, CAL.

H.J.Grant&Co., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY.

CELEBRATED WATER PROOF GERMAN GRAIN €1 harp -H LEATHERS ante Z.

C.

M.

I., SOLE AGENTS FOR UTAH.

Lake St., Chicago

UAl\Ar T J rT^ A II CASH ASSETS, &120.000 rtUIVlL OF U I An.

H.J.Grant & Co., General Agents J. F, Grant, Manager.

G. T. Odell, A8»t. Mgr R. S. Wells, Secy.

\ruwwuxnnnru PAID UP CAPITAL, $150,000.

A\ ru i rLnj-UTSUTSLn Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.

i LanrLnnjuiruT.

(go-operative mmMmmmMmmmm The Leading Agricultural Implement House of Utah.

rLrLTLruTJu-u iqjijuinnj u vru utj

Mitchell Bain WAGONS.

WOOD MACHINES, DEERE PLOWS, RUSSELL & CO.'S MACHINERY.

^CARRIAGES, BUGGIES3 ROAD CARTS, HARNESS.

UTJTJXTUTJTJTJ''LnXljn n n n n i i/inn Opp. Z. C. M I Fn# &m FamihJ Store A Choice Selection of \ Groceries, Dry Goods.

Boots and Shoes.

W ^^"TOWN & COUNTRY TRADE SOLICITED.

ALONZO YOUNG, Manager.

Hi SUBSCRIBE FOE 'IHI \)Wwm m Volume Ten.

EVEET S17B3CEIEEB GETS The Volume Bound at the end of the year FREE.

Erastus Snow Joseph F. bmilh.

WLlford Woodruff, Moses Thatcher.

Forty Page Magazine Every Month.

FOUR FUJLL, FAGE STEEL, ENGRAVINGS ftrP |teJl thiSraviu« e, of PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUING.

(This engraving is 19x24 inches, and is not only

I lie finest engraving, but the best portrait ever offered to the people ofTTtah.i mr all for $2.50. -%m THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY, MA1 lS° STt? ET> Sa/t Lake City.