August

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR AUGUST, 1889.

PAGE.

Steel Engraving:

Portrait of Moses Thatcher Frontispiece Priesthood President Brigham Young... 361 Frontier Life in Utah.

II Santiago Coolness in Danger Youth's Companion Character Sketch of Jesus Christ

Karl C. Maeser The Storm Cloud's Home Edward H. Anderson Marriage and Divorce William M. Palmer Morality and Religion 5. W. Richards 37S The Keys of the Kingdom President Wilford Woodruff 380 Some Pointed Advertisements..

, 384 Politics for Young Mormons.Moses Thatcher 3S5 The Chautauqua System 38S The Linotype New York Tribune Two Meetings George Cottetell.

The Dear Old Garden Emmeline B. Wells Editorial:

The Shah of Persia The Panama Canal >.

National Irrigation The Freedom of Obedience N. L. Nelson The Modern Uses of Photography

Association Intelligence Qale - /^apufaeturir^ - Qo., MANUFACTURERS OF The Celebrated Big Injun Sulky Plow, GALE CHILLED PLOWS, All Sizes.

(COMBINATION PLOWS.) Co-operative Wagon and Machine Co., GEICFRAl.

ion'sPo-operatiYeMercantileTiistit^

ORGANIZED OCTOBER I6th, 1868.

President, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Vice-President, MOSES THATCHER, Secretary and Treasurer, T.

G. WEBBER.

-DIRECTORSGEO. Q. CANNON, JOS. F. SMITH, HEBER J. GRANT, JOHN SHARP, GEORGE ROMNEY, JOHN R. WINDER, HENRY DINWOODEY, P. T. FARNSWORTH.

JOHN R. BARNES, WILLIAM H. ROWE, THOS. W. JENNINGS.

Manufacturers, Importer**, and Wholesale and

Retail Dealer* in Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AX OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

Co-operative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

TAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Tinicare and Stamped Ware, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Tools and Implements, Stationery and Blank Books, School Books, Clothing and Furnishing Goojbt,

Hats and Caps, Paper Hangings, Boots and Shoes, Rubber Goods, Leather and Findings, Pure Drugs and Medicines.

Wines and Liquors Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

B@°Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careful Attention.

T. G. WEBBER, Supt,

«MN£S MOS.

*v (Celebrated <3orsets.

^^a>HE merit and popularity ShIuD of these Corsets is attested by the fact that m over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation recognized, for they have "Dr.

They can Warner's always be Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

WARNER * BROS.

Ne,w Yoi?!*: g£& Chicago.

For Sale in Salt Lake City For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

Z.

C. M.

I., W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, j. WOTHERSPOON.

WMNBR BKOS.'Celebrated Corsets

J.U/.Fardley, dumber *X X J SASH, DOORS, JB^-to, 340 Firjt Ea*t, {kll Bloc^ HoPth rf Waghiijgton ^qnare.

TELEPHONE 113.

y. O »03C 353.

S-A.LT LJLJCE CITT.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer im Dry Goods, Groceries Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, and all kinds obp

GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Rest Him fii Family Supplies.

..(""•iiii, """'S In relation to Z. C.

]VX.

I, ^ di ), K if X ri^4l J% SALT LAKE CITY.

Tbe people ol Utebl 0° ov are sensibly a uKetl',, In prel'erinK those'., made at v.^,..•> LoOK F0R THE brano.

"'».M t |, '-'* > Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

EVEBTTHIlTa TH-A-T?

BTTIHiIDIEI^S NEED SOUTH TEMPLE ST..

SALT LAKE CITY.

INSURE ^WITH The Mutual Life Insurance (Jo, of flewYofk.

CASH ASSETS, over 9120,000,000.

X.O-CTIS a:*rjkAfis, jp.

//; CAMPBELL, Agent at Ogden.

DISTRICT MANAGER FOR UTAH, *00RESS.

po. box 2ii, salt lake CITY.

I GEO. E. BLAIR, Special Agent.

UTAH CENTRAL RAILW'Y PIONEER LINE OF UTAH, Runs Regular Trains for Convenience of Public, From OGDEN to FRISCO.

SdFE-:-:-:-:-:-:-COMFORmBLE.-:-:-:-:-;-:-QUICK.

10HN SHARP, General Sup/.

MAZES SHARP, Asst. Gen/. Supi, FRANCIS COPE, Gen. Freight 6^ Tkt. Agt.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANOh.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

3ivtw46me cfflouie BETWEEN CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS NEW YORK.

PASSENGERS FROM THE WEST Can Secure Through Day aud Pullman Sleeping Car Service from

ST. LiOUIS over the OHIO & MISSISSIPP"and KRIK RAILWAYS, or;>from

CHICAGO over the CHICAGO & ATLANTIC and KRIK RAILWAYS to the important Kastern Cities.

Limited Trains, »»uily equipped with PULLMAN'S latest pattern of PALACE and DRAWING ROOM COACHKS.

ASK FOR YOUR TICKETS Via the ERIE RAILWAY, ON SALE AT ALL THE PRINCIPAL RAILWAY STATIONS throughout the West.

•F.

H. HURLBURT, Gent. IFesterA Pasnenger Agent,

CHICAGO.

Ij.

P. FARMER, Genl. M?ttHsengev\Agent, XEIV YORK.

UNION

PACIFIC (VIA V The Union Pacific!

"THE OLD OVEBUID ROUTE,"-(BETWEFN)- Utah and the Missouri River (TAKE THE FAST TRAIN,)—

"THE OVERLAND FLYER"And Save One Day Crossing the Continent.

No Tourist can properly appreciate the Grandeur of the Scenery or the Magnificence, Extent and Resources of the United States, until he has compassed journeys to the following points:

COLORADO IN GENERAL, UTAH IN GENERAL, and SALT LAKE CITY in Particular;

Yellowstone National Parle, The Great Shoshone Falls, The Columbia Rioer, Oregon, Puget Sound and Alaska;

The Sierra* in Nevada, California in General, Yosemite, the Big Trees, And Los Angeles, And Mining Camps, Cities, and Health Resorts of the Rocky Mountains, all of which are best reached via the

UIVIOIV PACIFIC RAILWAY.

Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

THOS.

L. KIMBALL, Gen'l Manager, OMAHA, NEB( T. W. LEE.

Ass't Gen'lJPass Ag't, OMAHA, NEB.

E.

L. LOMAX, Gen'l Pass. Ag't.

OMAHA) NEB.

J. V. PARKER.

Div. Pass. Ag't* SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH.

b pa ca CO \1.

CD CO Leonard G. Hardy, Elias Morris, Alonzo Young, Oscar H. Hardy.

•Vop. Z. 0. M. I.

^J \J^ A Ohoioe S«l«otlon of Y\fct$1 'o3^ \3 Grocer*es, Dry Goods.

y^C ^^^^^ Boots and Shoes.

^TOWN & COUNTRY TRADE SOLICITED, ALONZO YOUNG, Manager.

B. p. & ft.

Li- StXlEET, manufaetureps of ''Common Sense"S!c; ghs, "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba Sleighs,

Improved Freight Wagons, Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks, Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

SO-OpEFy*Tll/E WpQOfl f\fiD /T^Q^INE <£., Sole fi^t%

ENNIS LON

°i J HP jL MPANY LOUISVILLE, KY, MANUFACTURE EXCLUSIVELY CAST-IRON GAS 1 WATER PIPE, And Special Castings of all Sizes.

Hirarrx'VV^Davi^ «& Co.

The largest builders of fine Buggies in the World.

Cincinnati, O., U.

tS. A.

CO-OP. WAGON & MACHINE CO., Salt Lake & Ocden, EXCLUSIVE ACTS. FOR UTAH.

Scene—First Dinner to the Family Physican by Young Married Couple.

Family Ptivstcian—Do you know, there seems to be a natural flavor about this food that is most appetizing?

What method do you use in cooking it?

Lady op thk House—Well, Doctor, when I was at home, my mother would have no other than a Charter O t U Stove.

Frmn my earliest recolhei ion 1 remembered how she would praise it, and her cooking was superb.

So When we were married I in isted on having the same land of stove.

< >f Course the improvements made on them bince mother bought hers, are most wonderful.

Ours has all the latest, including the Hire fiance Oven Doors, I don't understand the process exactly, but they lull me that all meats cooked in ovens with these doors, retain their juices and

Jl ivors to a much greater degree than by any other means.

(Jan you explain the theory, Charles?

Charles (the Husband)—I can't remember all that was told me, but I knowthe Doctor can '"ive a most clear and scientific statement of the reasons, can you not Doctor?

DOCTOR—Well, it is h trdly pro essional to ask such information from a doctor; in fact,

I am inclined to think lie would not be helping his practice much by saying anything in favor of the Charter O ik Stoves.

But as I have one in my kitchen, and know something about, it, I think I can enlighten you.

Of course it would take quite a long lecture to explain everything to you scientifically, and we have not time for that.

Count Rumford. an American, who was

Knighted in Kurope for his scientific, attainments, pointed out, nearly a hundred years ago, that baking and roasting meats in air tight ovens wis wrong, and tie proved it by actual experiments.

lie asserted that it was as essential to health that our food should be cooked in pure, fresh air as that we should breathe pure, fresh air, and that air-tight ovens render the air impure, and the food cooked therein became tainted and unhealthy.

L!ut how to properlvveiitilate the oven was not discovered for many years after Count Itumford's time.

The difficul y was to alow fresh air to enter the oven uniformly without cooling it perceptibly, and this has been accomplished by Mr.

Filley's invention of ihe Wire Gauze Oven Door.

The air enters the oven through th3 wire gauze in the form of very fine je s, and as there is a large surface of gauze the air is diffused and heated without forming air currents to cool the oven.

Cooking might >e c:dled a chemical decomposition with the aid of heat, but oxygen is as necessary as the heat, and tliis is furnished by the air.

Again, the meat roasted in a tight oven loses a large part of its most nutritious juices, which become dried out.

Ventilating the oven prevents tnis waste, and the meat is cooked perfectly in the B'>me way as broiling over a charcoal tire or roasting in the old fashioned spit of our grandfather's time.

Fresh air, or the oxygen tarnished by the air, also improves the baking of bread, making it much lighter and more easily digested.

Dread baked in a Charier Oak stove with Wire Gauze Oven Doors will never mould, and that is very strong proof that the bread is pure and healthy.

Charles—Thank you, doctor.

I think we"understand the reason much better now

These STOVES and RANGES are Recommended and kept For Sale by Z. C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

Vol. X.

AUGUST, 1889.

No.

10.

PRIESTHOOD.

BY PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG.

Let me ask the High Priests'quorum a question in order to bring out the thing

I wish to lay before you.

I ask the High Priests.from whence does the apostleship grow?

Does it grow out of the High Priesthood?

I will venture to say, if I were not here to-day, and this question were proposed for debate, you would find the Elders in this congregation, perhaps, nearly equally divided on the point.

There would be as many High Priests to say the apostleship grows out of the

High Priesthood, as there would to say it does not.

Now let me answer the question.

Recollect that the High Priesthood and the Lesser Priesthood and all the Priesthood there is, are combined, centered in, composed of, and circumscribed by, the apostleship.

I speak thus to show you the order of the

Priesthood.

We will now commence with the apostleship where Joseph commenced.

Joseph was ordained an Apostle—that you can read and understand.

After he was ordained to this office, then he had the right to organize and build up the kingdom of God, for he had committed unto him the keys of the

Priesthood, after the order of Melchisedec—the

High Priesthood—which is after the order of the Son of God.

And this, remember, by being ordained an Apostle.

Could he have built up the kingdom of God, without first being an Apostle?

No, he never could.

The keys of the eternal Priesthood, which is after the order of the Son of God, are comprehended by being an Apostle. All the Priesthood, all the keys, all the gifts, all the endowments, and everything preparatory to entering into the presence of the Father and the Son, are in, composed of, circumscribed by, or I might say incorporated within, the circumference of the apostleship.

What comes next in the Church?

I will now refer you directly to the building up of the kingdom of God in the last days.

What do we see next?

Joseph as an Apostle of the Lamb, with the keys of the eternal Priesthood committed unto him by

Peter, James and John.

What for?

To build up the kingdom of God on the earth.

Next grows out an office pertaining to the temporal affairs of this kingdom, the keys of which are committed to man on the earth, preparatory to its spreading, increasing, growing and prospering among the nations.

The next step we see taken by the Lord, is to provide for the body, therefore some person must be appointed to fill this office, to stand side by side with this Apostle, this first president.

Who was it?

It was not Brother Hunter.

Who was it? We see Brother Partridge was called to fill that place before there was an Elder's quorum, or a High Priest's quorum, in existence, yea, before the thing was talked of, and also before the Twelve Apostles were chosen, not, however, before the revelation was given to signify there would be such a quorum.

We see this Apostle with the keys of the Priesthood to build up the kingdom, to give light to those who were in darkness, to succor those who were feeble, and to sustain the trembling, to administer salvation to the penitent, and to be a stay and a

PRIESTHOOD.

staff to those who are ready to fall. We see this gigantic Apostle thus standing forth, clothed with the authority of heaven, to build up His cause on the earth. Him the Lord told to call a bishop.

So the Bishop was the next standing authority in the kingdom of God.

The High Priests'quorum—do they come next in order, do they next step into the field?

No, not particularly, any more than the Elders, nor the Elders any more than the High Council, nor the High Council any more than the Teachers, Deacons, or Priests.

The High Priests'quorum is a standing quorum, abiding at home.

So is the Elders'quorum;

but the place of the Bishop is in the temporal affairs of the Church.

To say a man is an Apostle, is equal to saying that a man is ordained to build up the kingdom of God from first to last; but it is not so by saying he. is a High Priest.

The bishopric by right belongs to the literal descendants of Aaron, but we shall have to ordain them from the other tribes, men who hold the

High Priesthood, to act in the Lesser, until we can find a literal descendant of Aaron, who is prepared to receive it.

The Lesser Priesthood then you perceive comes within the purview of the apostleship, because a man that holds it has a right to act or officiate as a High

Priest, as one of the High Council, as a

Patriarch, as a Bishop, Elder, Priest, Teacher and Deacon, and in every other office and calling that is in the Church, from first to last, when duty demands it.

This is the order of the Priesthood.

Now will it cause some of you to marvel that I was not ordained a High Priest before I was ordained an Apostle?

It was William E. McLellin who told Joseph that I and Heber were not ordained High Priests, and wanted to know if it should not be done.

Said Joseph, "Will you insult the Priesthood?

Is that all the knowledge you have of the office of an Apostle?

Do you not know that the man who receives the apostleship receives all the keys that ever were, or that can be conferred upon mortal man?"When a man is ordained to be an Apostle, his Priesthood is without beginning of days, or end of life, like the Priesthood of Melchisedec;

for it was his Priesthood that was spoken of in this language, and not the man.

The Lord Almighty will not suffer his

Priesthood to be again driven from the earth, even should he permit the wicked to kill and destroy this people.

God will preserve a portion of this people, of the meek and humble, to bear off the kingdom to the inhabitants of the earth, and will defend His Priesthood;

for it is the last time, the last gathering time.

The Priesthood of God, that was given to the ancients and is given to men in the latter days, is co- equal in duration with eternity—is without beginning of days or end of life.

It is unchangeable in its system of government and its Gospel of salvation.

It gwes to Gods and angels their supremacy and power, and offers wealth, influence, posterity, exaltations, power, glory, kingdoms and thrones, ceaseless in their duration, to all who will accept them on the terms upon which they are offered.

After a person is ordained a High Priest he then has authority to act in all the duties of the Lesser Priesthood, when called upon by the proper authority so to do.

There is no retrograde movement in ordaining a High Priest to the office of a Bishop, for, properly speaking, he is set apart to act in that.office.

When we ordain a man to officiate in a branch of the Church as a Bishop, he does so according to the best of his knowledge;

and now and then one believes he has a right, when ordained as a Bishop, to officiate and preside over every temporal and spiritual interest in his district by virtue of his Bishopric; he believes that he ought to go into a Seventies'council in his ward and preside because he is a

Bishop; and under this impression he dictates, guides and directs all things in his district;

he baptizes, confirms and administers the sacrament as a Bishop, performing under this impression every spiritual and temporal duty.

The duties

PRIESTHOOD.

and powers of a Bishop cease the very moment he steps over the Aaronic Priesthood, which is to officiate in temporal things;

when he passes this he immediately begins to officiate by the authority and power of the Melchisedec

Priesthood, though he may not know it.

This Priesthood is given to the people, and the keys thereof, and, when properly understood they may actually unlock the treasury of the Lord, and receive to their fullest satisfaction.

An individual who holds a share in the Priesthood and continues faithful to his calling, who delights himself continually in doing the things God requires at his hands, and continues through life in the performance of every duty, will secure to himself not only the privilege of receiving, but the knowledge of how to receive, the things of God that he may know the mind of God continually; and he will be enabled to discern between right and wrong, between the things of

God and the things that are not of God.

And the Priesthood—the spirit that is within him, will continue to increase until it becomes like a fountain of living water;

until it is like the tree of life;

until it is one continued source of intelligence and instruction to that individual.

Upon whomsoever are bestowed the keys of the eternal Priesthood, by faithful lives, will secure to themselves power to see the things of God, and will understand them as plainly as they ever understood anything by gazing upon it with their natural eyes, or as clearly. as they ever could distinguish one object from another by their sensations.

It is the privilege of every person who is faithful to the Priesthood, who can overcome the enemy, thwart the design of death, or him that hath the power of it, to live upon the earth until their appointed time;

and they may know, see and understand, by revelation, the things of God just as naturally as we understand natural things that are around us.

To look for salvation fifty years hence and do nothing for salvation at the present time is preposterous.

HOW TO RESIST THE DEVIL.—If you feel evil keep it to yourselves until you overcome that evil principle.

This is what I call resisting the devil, and he flees from me.

I never expect to see the time that there will not be a superior power and a superior knowledge, and, consequently, incitements to further progress and further improvement.

It is always proper to kindly and affectionately ask the people to perform what you wish performed, instead of ordering them to do it.

This principle is always good for parents and teachers to observe.

Latter-day Saints who live merely to get ready to die are not worth much;

rather get ready to live, and be prepared to live to the glory of your Father in heaven, and to do the work He has given you to do.

As weak and frail as we are, the Latter-day Saints are my delight; their society is sweet to me;

I crave no other;

they are the only people I wish to see and associate with.

Unless in the line of my duty, I do not wish to associate with any people who do not believe in the Gospel of the Son of God.

Men should act upon the principle of righteousness, because it is right, and is a principle which they love to cherish and see practiced by all men.

They should love mercy, because of its benevolence, charity, love, clemency, and of all of its lovely attributes, and be inspired thereby to deal justly, fairly, honorably, meting out to others their just deservings.

Now you Elders who understand the principles of the kingdom of God, what would you not give, do, or sacrifice, to assist in building up His kingdom upon the earth?

The Saints sacrifice everything; but, strictly speaking, there is no sacrifice about it.

If you give a penny for a million of gold, a handful of earth for a planet, a temporary worn out tenament for one glorified, that will exist, abide, and continue to increase throughout a never-ending eternity, what a sacrifice, to be sure!

FRONTIER LIFE IN UTAH.

The remnant of the Lamanites who are cursed below all humanity that we are acquainted with—who have been filled with the spirit of bloodshed which they have inherited from their fathers they will embrace the Gospel in the due time of the Lord.

They are of the house of Israel, and this spirit of war will be taken from them and they will become the children of God, but not until the Gentiles have entirely rejected the Gospel.

Anciently it was preached to the Jews first and then to the Gentiles;

in the latter times it will be first preached to the Gentiles and then to the Jews the first shall be last and the last first.

FRONTIER LIFE IN UTAH.

ii.

In i 85 i an incident occurred in Parowan, showing the continual danger to which settlers were exposed who lived at any considerable distance from Salt Lake City, and the wisdom of President

Young's Indian policy—a policy which enabled the Saints to settle Utah with much less bloodshed than in the territories round about her.

President Young laid down the principle that while the Indians should in all cases be treated with impartial justice, with patience and humanity, yet, as they were ignorant and debased, and for generations had lived by robbery and bloodshed, they must be held at arms length, so to speak, and be made to understand that the whites were their superiors.

Also, that the best preventative of war was a constant readiness and preparation for it, and that every man should be at all times well provided with arms andammunition, and ready for active service.

A knowledge that the whites were always ready, would naturally deter the Indians from hostilities.

In this he was most ably seconded by Apostle George A. Smith, who led the first band of settlers into Iron County, and who was elected the first Colonel of the Iron Military District, with James A.

Little, as LieutenantColonel and John L. Smith, as Adjutant.

Shortly after the settlement of Parowan, in January, 1851, the settlers were organized into a cavalry company, and a battalion of infantry consisting of two companies.

In order to more forcibly impress the

Indians with an idea of the defensive strength of the colony, company and battalion drills were frequently held and made as imposing as possible, a result materially aided by an occasional discharge of the brass six-pounder Colonel

Smith had brought from Salt Lake City.

At one of these battalion drills the infantry were drawn up in line of battle, and by a mere accident happened to be facing the hillside.

Unknown to the militia, a large number of Indians had gathered upon the hillside to witness the maneuvers, and were concealed from view by the cedars among which they stood In order to finish the parade in impressive style, the battalion fired a couple of volleys by company, naturally but innocently pointing their guns in the direction of the Indians; after which they marched back into the fort, and were dismissed, in blissful ignorance that the Pah-Eeds had taken the whole thing as a declaration of war.

In a few hours, however, all was excitement in the fort.

A settler, James Lemmons, suddenly appeared in the fort completely exhausted by running several miles down the canon, with word that Indians had attacked his house up the canon, in which his wife, father-in.

law and family temporarily resided; that they had barricaded themselves in the house and would defend themselves to the last; and that he had by rare good fortune crept through the encircling line of savages unnoticed, and had come for help, which must be instant to be of any avail.

The cavalry having been dismissed for the day, Colonel Smith sent an order to its command to hastily gather as many men as possible and hasten to the relief of the beleaguered

FRONTIER LIFE IN UTAH.

families.

The officer in command not being ready to go, Colonel Smith said:

"Well my wife isn't sick, I'll go;"and mounting a horse he led about twenty men up the canon with all speed.

The Indians discovered the approach of the relief party, and fled still further up the canon, followed by Colonel Smith and his men until their trail was lost among the rocks.

It is a custom of Indians, when followed by a force too strong for them to fight, and liable to be overtaken, to scatter in all directions, leaping from rock to rock and thus leaving absolutely no trail to guide the pursuer.

On the return, Colonel Smith instructed the families to remove at once to the fort, an injunction they quickly followed, and all were soon in safety.

I will here state, that there having been no real cause for hostility, both parties sought and gave mutual and satisfactory explanation, and peace was again restored.

Brother George A.

Smith has not been generally known as a military man, but in this case, he certainly displayed all the energy, dash and promptitude of a true soldier; and the writer, who was one of his party, takes pleasure in recording this slight tribute to his memory.

But what had so suddenly changed a state of most profound peace to one of war and alarm?

Simply this.

When the battalion fired their volley as a grand finale to their parade, the Pah-Eeds supposed they were the targets of the marksmen, and that the whites had commenced a war against them.

They hastily fled up Center Creek canon and coming near Braffit and Lemmons'house thought it a good opportunity for retaliation, murder and plunder; and had not the families been rescued in time, no doubt some innocent persons would have been slain as victims of an error.

Of course it all arose from a mistaken idea of the Pah-Eeds, but one which nearly resulted in a tragedy the end of which none could foresee; and as similar mistakes might at any time occur, it proved very forcibly the necessity of a constant state of readiness for defense, and of wisdom in all dealings with Indians.

An Indian esteemed war as the only honorable pursuit of a man; and to be a noted warrior or brave with a bloody and terrible record was his highest ambition.

Even Kanarra, the chief of the Pah-Eed tribe of Iron County, who was the constant friend of the whites all his life, possessed such a record, gained, however, before the advent of the whites into Utah.

His name—Kanarra—signified "the stony or flinty heart,"and we can only imagine the career of cruelty and blood by which he earned his title.

From this love of war an Indian respects only those who bear arms, and the greatest indignity you can inflict upon him is to deprive him of the right to bear arms and class him with squaws and boys.

Col. Smith understood this trait of Indian character and reiterated most positive orders that no man should leave the fort without arms.

No man was permitted to go to the canon for wood, to hunt his cattle upon the range, nor go to his labor in the field without a gun or pistol for defense in case of need.

He said it was better to carry a gun ten years and never need to use it than to want it one minute and not have it.

In obedience to this wise counsel the settlers of Iron County for years always went armed, and in time of trouble even took their guns with them to their Sabbath meetings.

Often has the writer attended public worship in Parowan when every man sat with his rifle between his knees;

so that, should the savages make a sudden attack, they would find no arms to steal into the dwellings with which to shoot down their inhabitants.

In time of danger, when men wanted firewood, for instance, a strong party went together, and while one half of the men loaded their wagons the rest stood guard around them.

In returning to the fort, one man drove two teams, and the men thus released from driving served as front and rear guard for the party.

Having referred to Parowan as a fort, we will describe its appearance.

Houses were built around the four sides of a square of some forty or fifty rods, each lot being two rods wide.

The doors

FRONTIER LIFE /A UTAH.

and windows opened usually upon the inner side of the enclosure.

The center of the square thus enclosed was a large strongly built corral, in which the cattle were gathered at night.

The outer line of the fort consisted, as before stated, mostly of dwellings; and where spaces were left between houses they were filled in with posts or house logs, twelve feet high, set in a deep trench as closely together as possible;

thus making entrance from the outside difficult except through the four gates,—one on each side—which were all closed at dark.

For some years a regular guard was kept at night, sentinels being relieved at intervals as in a military camp,—all ablebodied males doing guard duty in turn.

Besides this night guard there was also a guard with the cow herd, and a picket guard stationed upon a hill not far away, to watch for the approach of unknown parties across the valley.

In addition to this onerous guard duty, parties of men often went scouting through the mountains and plains.

Altogether, the reader will see that settlers spent a great portion of their time—probably one third or a fourth—in what may be styled military duty.

But was this necessary?

It was;

and strictly in accordance with the counsel of our beloved President and Colonel, Geo. A. Smith, and of President

Brigham Young: and the writer feels safe in saying that that country could never have been settled as it was, by so few men, hundreds of miles from any possible help, in any other manner.

Another incident will show how unexpectedly serious trouble may arise with the Indians.

In 1857, Kanarra, who had always been very friendly with the whites, called early one morning upon President Wm.

H. Dame and asked if there was any one living in Parowan whom he did not love.

Something in the question and manner of asking it struck President Dame's notice, and he replied, "No, I love them all.""But,"said Kanarra, "isn't there some one you love just a little bit, 'me-a-poots'measuring about half an inch upon his finger.

"No,"said President Dame, "I love them all, big, heap lshont, penp.'"He soon found what the old chief wa trying to get at.

The night previous, as the Pah-Eeds lay about their council fire, one of them recollected that his brother had been killed some six years previously while stealing cattle, and that no revenge had yet appeased the slain Indian's spirit.

He demanded vengeance.

As this demand seemed perfectly reasonable to the band, they were about to go down to the fort, kill some one, and afterwards explain to the whites that it was only to settle an old occount, and an act of which no reasonable community should complain.

But Kanarra objected.

He said that in the darkness they might kill some one the Mormons loved very much; they would be very mad, and make a big fuss.

It would be better, he said, for him to first go and see the Mormon captain, and find if there was some one he did not like much.

They would kill him, the whites would not care very much, and there would be no serious trouble.

This advice, seeming to them very wise, was adopted, and hence the visit to Colonel Dame already narrated.

It required a half day's argument to convince Kanarra it was a bad thing to do, and to change his programme.

He finally did so, not because he thought it wrong, but solely as a matter of policy.

Thus it may be seen how narrowly the settlers escaped a tragedy which might have resulted in an Indian war, at a time when all apparently was peace; a tragedy only averted by an act of the Pah-Eed chieftain wholly at variance with Indian character and custom.

When the circumstance became known in the settlement, it caused more than one pulse to beat more quickly, and a general cleaning up of guns and moulding of bullets.

When, in the year 1851, Parowan was founded, it received the name of Louisa, in honor of Louisa Bernan, the first woman in this dispensation to obey the law of plural marriage, as stated to the writer by Brother Geo. A. Smith. When

President Young first visited the colony, about May 11, 1851, the name was changed in public meeting to Parowan,

CHARACTER SKETCH OF JESUS CHRIST.

which Brother Dimick B.

Huntington had ascertained to be the Indian name for the locality.

Santiago.

Coolness in Danger.—Lord William

Lennox in his "Recollections"tells a story of the coolness of the duke of Wellington.

The French, with a fresh force double that of the duke, were closing in upon his jaded troops one stormy night in Spain.

Wellington completed his preparations, and then turning to a scout asked: "How long will it be before they can reach us?""Half an hour,"was the reply.

"Then I can go to sleep,"he said, and wrapping his cloak about him he dropped where he stood in the muddy trench and in an instant was asleep.

He woke when the bugles of the enemy sounded in his ears.

Napoleon, his soldiers were accustomed to declare, not only slept soundly when under fire, but even when riding on horesback.

General Grant also had the same faculty of falling instantly asleep, even in the face of danger.

This singular physical trait is not more a proof of courage than a cause of it; the brain in these brief moments of sleep finds new vitality and wakens ready for the conflict again.

A story is told of a famous English admiral, Sir Sydney Smith, whose ship, the

Antelope, in a terrible storm in the North sea was driven among the rocks.

Sir Sydney summoned his officers to the cabin:

"Gentlemen, you know our condition.

We are driving on to the breakers.

I acknowledge that I can do nothing more.

If any of you can make a suggestion, now is the time."There was unbroken silence.

"Then there is nothing to be done but to await our fate."He touched the bell:

"Pierre, bring up the coffee."

A story came from Switzerland a year ago of a mountain guide, whose name was not preserved.

He, with two others, was leading a party over one of the most precipitous passes of the higher Alps.

The men, as is usual, were tied to each other by a long rope.

As they scaled the wall of ice they slipped on the edge of a frightful chasm.

This man was at the end of the rope.

Without his weight there was a chance for the others to regain their footing;

with it there was none.

He cast a glance down at the dark abyss, filled with fathomless snows, then drew his knife from his belt, saying quietly to the man next to him:

"Tell mother how it was, Jose."He cut the rope and fell, never to be seen of mortal man again.—Youth's Companion.

CHARACTER SKETCH OF JESUS CHRIST.* Brethren, sisters and friends:—The consciousness of my own feebleness in attempting to speak upon a subject, the grandeur of which far surpasses in its bearing the comprehension of the human mind, causes me more than at any other time before to rely upon the faith and sympathy of those whom I am addressing.

It is not my intention to speak of Jesus of Nazareth in regard to his mission as Redeemer of mankind.

Divinity, * Synopsis of a discourse delivered by Elder

Karl G. Maeser, at the Y. M. M.

I. A. Conference, Salt Lake City, June 2, 1889.

as revealed in him, is so great a subject that my mind cannot grasp it sufficiently, but I shall endeavor to represent him before you in his character as a man, a fellow being, a brother of ours, greater, purer and nobler than we, but still a brother, endorsed like we are with feelings susceptible of joy and grief, anger and sympathy; with capacities for intellectual development; with the full scope of his free agency to chose for himself his course in life; and finally with a body subject to the physical laws governing all mortality.

I shall not dwell, there-

CHARACTER SKETCH OE JESUS CHRIST.

fore, upon the peculiar incidents attending his bir f h nor upon those following it, but bring him before you when, as a boy, he spent his youth in and around Nazareth.

It the saying is true, that the boy is father to the man, Jesus must then have been as much different from other boys as he differed in manhood from other men.

That thoughtfulness of the boy—first awakened within him by learning of the strange events at the time of his birth and infancy, and manifesting itself not so much in the answers as in perplexing questions to the Doctors of the Law, when he conversed with them in the Temple—must have driven him away from the companionship of youthful playmates, among whom he vainly sought for sympathy with the yearnings of his heart.

In the solitudes of the neighboring hills the boy wandered and the flowers of the field were to him perhaps the first voices of revelation, the passing clouds above him carried his mind beyond the confines of his native home, and the stars of the night brought him greetings from another world.

No record tells us of his life from his twelfth to his thirtieth year, but the blank in history cannot be indicative of a void in his development.

When he appears again, he is a man, conscious of strange powers within him, conscious of his mission, conscious of the difficulties before him.

He had learned since the days of his boyhood, that whatever road of life he should have to walk henceforth, he should have to go alone, all alone, not understood even by his mother, not appreciated by his people, without any support but that which he expected to have from Him that sent him.

For by that time he had not only solved the problem of marvelous powers within him, he had also solved the yet more difficult one in finding out the purpose for which they had been given.

This comprehension of the situation having gradually dawned upon him, he presents himself before John for baptism, "that all righteousness might be fulfilled."Fortified by that sacred ordinance, and the heavenly vision attending it, he found himself on the threshold of the mission assigned to him from before the world was, and on the faithful performance of which eternities of worlds depended for their salvation.

For this purpose those miraculous powers slumbering within him had been bestowed.

He knew that, if he should choose to accumulate wealth, that he possessed the faculty to bring the elements and laws of nature into subjection to his will, and by his financiering skill, riches would be brought together, in comparison with which the splendors of Solomon and Crcesus would have appeared insignificant;

he knew, that if the glory of the world should become his chief aim, as an orator, he would have eclipsed the eloquence of a Demosthenes and a Cicero;

as a philosopher, he could have forestalled all the theories and discoveries in science of later ages, and Aristotle would have been forgotten in the schools of the scientific world;

if he should have sought the achievements of statesmanship or the triumphs of the battlefield, the renowns of a Caesar would have paled before the mighty deeds of that Nazarene.

This was one road open before him.

There was another yet.

That road he described himself by saying: "The birds have nests, and the foxes have holes, but the Son of Man hath not where to lay his head."He knew that on that road he should have to travel alone;

amidst persecution, poverty, derision, and ingratitude; not comprehended, and finally seeing at the farther end, rising before him, the dark spectre of the cross.

There he stood, as it were, on the forks of the road; on the one side the world beckoning to come and use his powers for his own benefit, while the other, his heaven-appointed mission bade him to go.

The question arose within him, could he trust himself, or might he falter when once commenced?

An engineer, on taking charge of an engine, upon the trustworthiness of which the lives of hundreds of people depends, puts it to a severe test before using it, thus Christ did with himself.

Whatever the circumstances of his

CHARACTER SKETCH OF JESUS CHRIST.

3 69 temptations were, for our purpose it is sufficient to know that it was a test to which Jesus put himself during those forty days, and he came out of it with the conviction of his own integrity before God.

Henceforth, as the records show, he used his marvelous powers in not one single instance for his own personal benefit, but only for the good of his fellow-man, and for the glory of his Father.

I shall not allude to his miracles in detail, nor to his parables, teachings and sermons, but continue my sketch of his character by pointing out a few incidents illustrative of the steadfastness to his chosen course.

The selection of his Apostles demonstrates not only his penetrating judgment of human nature, but also the light of divine revelation resting upon him, especially in the case of the calling of Nathaniel.

The selection of those illiterate men for the apostleship has been a mystery to the learned Christian divines, who should prefer to see men in that position, distinguished by learning, oratory and worldly influence.

Christ chose only such as were willing to follow his example, and the example of all of them but one could be followed by his disciples ever after.

Like himself, however, they had been chosen for that work before the world was.

Three years and a half, about, he labored and trained his disciples for the ministry of the Gospel, when, after the transfiguration he, for the first time, tells them of the suffering and death awaiting him at Jerusalem.

It appears that besides other important transactions between Christ, Moses and Elias, upon that mountain, a programme with all the details of terrible grandeur of the sacrifice to be wrought, had been decided upon; a point which Christ endeavored to impress upon the minds of his disciples from that time forth, in order to strengthen their faith when they should have to pass under the dark shadow of the coming cloud.

Hence he sends two of them into the city to go into a certain street where they should find a colt tied at the gate, with all the verbal details of the ensuing conversation, and a few days later, to repeat the lesson, sends them again on a similar errand to meet a man with a pitcher in his hand, in whose home they should prepare the feast of the Passover for him and his disciples.

These minutiae would be insignificant in themselves if they were not given in evidence of a well arranged programme which Christ is following, never deviating to the right or to the left, never going faster or slower;

and with his face firmly turned toward Jerusalem, he proceeds to the final struggle with death and hell.

There is one character at this juncture calling for our particular contemplation, who, in his motives as well as in the termination of his schemes, forms the exact counterpart of the exalted career of Jesus.

I refer to Judas Iscariot.

He is generally represented as having sold his Master for the sake of thirty pieces of silver.

Judas Iscariot, however, was a traitor on a higher scale.

Not being able to perceive in the Messias anything greater than the restorer of the throne of David, the liberator of the Jews from thraldom, and the founder of an empire with Jerusalem as metropolis and the Jews as the ruling nation.he disapproved of the course which his Master had been pursuing lately in the face of the dangers closing in upon him; he wanted this business brought to an issue; events had to be precipitated, Jesus be crowded into a corner and forced to use his marvelous powers to extricate himself, and finish his triumph which he had so suspiciously commenced at his celebrated entrance into Jerusalem amidst the hosanna-shouts of the multitude.

Judas accepted the contemptible sum, the price for returning a runaway slave, merely as an incidental gratification of his mercenary nature.

His aim was that of a politician, to get a high place in the kingdom, by fair means if he could, by foul if he must.

Hence the utter failure of his scheming left him nothing to live for; the thirty pieces of silver had not been his aim; he threw them down as worthless, went and killed himself, the son of perdition that he was, having

37° THE STORM CLOUD'S HOME.

traded away the Son of God as the price of his own aggrandizement.

Thus, step by step, Jesus is approaching the consummation of the work begun at the banks of Jordan, and the last scenes of the tragedy open in the garden of Gethsemane.

That agony of bloody sweat, that wrestling of a pure and undefined human nature with the vision of the fearful details of the approaching sacrifice; that shrinking from the contemplation of such a death—all that brings Jesus nearer to our hearts;

for whatever trials and sufferings any of us may be called upon to pass through, we know that the Son of God sympathizes with us, he having undergone agonies in

Gethsemane beyond all depts of human suffering, and that to us the angel of comfort may be sent, as he came to him.

This great struggle established his spiritual triumph.

With what majestic calmness he confronts the hirelings of the high priest; with what firmness he testifies before Caiphas to the divinity of his mission as the Christ!

He meets the inquisitiveness of the Grecian philosophy of Pontius Pilate with the testimony of divine revelation; he disdains to honor the profligate Herod with even a word or look; he finds words of sympathy for the women of Jerusalem on his way to Golgatha; he gives hope and comfort to a dying sinner on the cross;

and he remembers in love and affection his mother and beloved disciple in the hour of death.

There was no despair in the misunderstood words:

"Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani,"but with what feelings of relief, joy and gratitude he must have exclaimed:

"It is finished."There is more in the use of advantage than in the measure of them.

THE STORM CLOUD'S HOME.

A peak of the glorious Wasatch range of mountains stands high above many surrounding ones, like a huge watchtower, just a trifle southeast of Ogden.

In some of the government surveys it is called Observatory Peak, but is known locally by a variety of names.

It constitutes a primary triangulation station;

its geographic position is: Lat.

w'56.8", Long. iii° 53'09.6", and its altitude is 9,589 feet.

During the summer of 1888, the sun signal, here displayed, had often been an object of curiosity to people in Ogden, and the white tents, spread upon the summit near by, and upon the apex of the mountain, had caused no end of inquiry from travelers and citizens alike.

"Have you ever been up there?"was asked of me one day.

I confessed that I had not, although I had often wandered in the woods with an ax on my shoulder, on the other side near the summit.

Mr.

Frank A. Wilcox and the writer therefore resolved to climb the mountain.

It may as well be observed here that the tents were the summer homes of Mr.

Wm. Eimbeck and his company, who were in the employ of the United States government The observatory on the peak is one of six in northern Utah established for the coast and geodetic survey of the Treasury Department, under direction of Mr. Eimbeck.

In the summer of 1888, he had three assistants, adepts in the use of scientific iustruments connected with terrestrial and astronomical observations, as well as proficient mathematicians.

A station will be located at this point for three years, during the summer months.

It is expected the survey will be completed at the expiration of that time.

We left our homes in Ogden at six o'clock on a bright day in early October.

After a delightful ride through

Ogden Canon, we reached Huntsville where we were joined by a friend, W. W.

McDonald, who served as a dry-land pilot, if you please.

It was already late in the day, and after being informed that the outfit we had would only make poor headway, we arranged for a light

THE STORM CLOUD'S HOME.

wagon and two horses, and were soon on our way.

The old peak appeared to be easily approached, and while one doubting young man, who had evidently scaled the mountain in his time, assured us that we would "never get back that day."we set out with hopes beaming high, and our eyes fastened upon the object of our journey—the craggy old mountain, which from this point appears much more rugged than from Ogden.

Passing to the south we ascended a range of low hills.

Reaching the summit of these at one o'clock, we found that the peak was about as distant from us as ever, a large valley in the mountains intervening between us and our journey's end.

But the scene from this point was grand in the extreme.

The yellow fields of the valley dotted here and there with green, the villages and farm houses set in a frame work of autumn-tinted hills, made the picture so pleasant as to repay all our toils.

Those who are willing can generally find pleasure and profit on the whole journey of life, if they are resolved to make the best of it as they go.

So we determined that even if we should fail in gaining the summit our disappointment should not prevent us from the fullest enjoyment and admiration of that which we did reach and see.

The disturbed mountain bird, with its lone, sweet song frightened into silence at our approach;

the squirrel;

the trees and the vegetation;

the shade;

and nature's frost-painted field which lay in rude and simple grandeur before us, occupied our time and thoughts and conversation.

We did not forget the mountain peak;

as we ascended rise after rise, we adjusted the strong field glasses; but the difference in distance between us, and it was still scarcely perceptible. The valley in the hills was now passed over;

it had not been without its gift of gratitude to us, for in its centre under some aspen trees, we had found a cool nook where a spring bubbled up of whose pure and refreshing waters we partook.

One of the party I am sure will be excused for calling to mind Scott's verses:

"O, woman, in our hours of ease,

Uncertain, coy and hard to please,

And variable as the shade By the light quivering aspen made:

When pain and anguish wring the brow,

A ministering angel thou!"The sentiment might have heen a little foreign to the conditions for we had no ladies with us, (an inexcusable neglect on our part) but no person can say that he has seen the most romantic thing in nature until he has beheld the aspen tree in its rustic mountain retreat, and heard the music in its trembling tops utter an answer to the eternal tenors and trebles of the rill beneath.

At two o'clock we had reached the lower camp where Mr. Eimbeck and his men had made their summer home.

Here we rested.

We could go no further with a team.

The journey must now be pursued on foot or on the backs of trusty animals.

The proverbial government mule came in handy at this place, and was used for transporting supplies and men to the summit.

But on this occasion we had no mule. The picnic which we had protested against carrying from home, but which the dear wives (God bless them) had been equally emphatic in making us take, was heartly enjoyed by us.

A beautiful spring rises at this place whose waters had proven ample to supply all the needs of the men and their animals as well as the herds of cattle and sheep that made the contiguous basin their summer feeding ground.

The picnic over, we proceeded up the narrow winding path.

It had taken much labor to cut this road, a large company of men having been engaged in the work several weeks.

The peak seemed as distant as ever, although its shadow, we could see, would soon hide the declining sun from our view.

As we made our way drearily up the hills, we understood the difference between riding and walking more than ever before.

But as the hardest study and the highest advancement, though difficult to master and attain, broaden the intellect and give more joy and satisfaction than is ever dreamed of in the easy ways of mediocrity and ignorance, so we found

THE STORM CLOUD'S HOME.

that the higher we climbed the more we saw; the broader and more beautiful the landscape around us became; the farther our eyes could penetrate; the more we realized what little things were the hills and hollows we had passed over, although these seemed almost insurmountable and vast to us at the time.

Up and down the path; hill and hollow, pine, shrubbery, oak, aspen, maple, rock, rill and ravine, brush and underwood interminably mixed, with here and there an open space, met us on the whole journey hour after hour.

But those, grand and romantic as they were, receive but little of our attention.

In short, like the unwise youth, we forgot the beauties at our feet, to revel in the mighty wonders afar off.

Behind us Ogden valley;

to the left Morgan County, with its sleeping villages on the

Weber, penetrated by the great overland highway—the Union Pacific; to the right of us Cache Valley;

in front of us one of the most majestic peaks of the great Wasatch, towering, we could now see, perpendicularly several hundred feet in the air from its mighty pedestal of mouutains.

On and on, upward and upward, we went in the meanwhile casting admiring glances near and far at the continually changing aspect as we toiled higher and higher.

Our companion who quotes poetry, emphasized, this time more appropriately, the passage from Longfellow:

"We have not wings, we cannot fly;

But we have feet, by which to climb,

By slow degrees, by more and more,

The rocky summits of our time."The sun was now setting; we saw a horseman coming down the hill, and meeting him it proved to be Mr. Eimbeck himself, a very pleasant gentleman, who had the appearance of a well educated

German.

He was as kind and goodnatured as his round face and pleasant looks indicated.

He informed us that it would be difficult for us to reach the summit before dark, and regretted very much that our visit had not been made a day earlier when all his instruments were in position.

There were only two in place now and they would be taken down that night.

This was unfortunate, we thought, but at the same time we felt greater disappointment at the prospect of not reaching the summit until 'lark.

Was all our toil in ascending the peak to be fruitless?

As he who has gained many great blessings and emoluments, often forgets them all in his ambitious pursuit for still greater things, and is unthankful to God for these because he has failed in the last great struggle of all, so we forgot all that had so far during the day delighted our soul and senses in the fear that we might lose what we had anticipated should be greater than all the rest.

But this did not deter us from turning aside and sitting for a few moments on the protruding roots of a large pine-tree.

It must have been five feet in diameter, and one hundred and twenty-five feet high.

Recently, doubtless during one of the thunder storms of the past summer, it had been stricken by lightning, and one-fourth of its circumference had been peeled of its bark as a child would peel a willow.

Pitch had oozed from its wounded body and hung like icicles, thousands in number, from top to bottom.

We imagine what a treat such a spectacle would be to a school of gum-chewing—shall I say boys, or girls?

One of these icicles was broken off by a member of the party who soon decided, after the matter had heated in his pocket, that gum-chewing was not a fancy to be indulged in.

We parted with the tree, regretting that such an old, mighty monarch of the mountains should have been selected a prey to the thunderbolt.

There is not a grander sight in the world of nature than a July thunderstorm in the Wasatch.

The air is still and hot and dull.

The heat, even in the highest altitude, becomes oppressive; there is not a rustle among the trees; the air darkens;

presently the sun is hidden;

then there is a sudden gust of wind which moves the stillness.

A bird here and there flits away for a safer retreat as if conscious of the approaching storm.

It grows darker and darker; one can hear distant thunder, and see faint flashes of lightning.

It comes nearer and nearer

THE STORM CLOUD'S HOME.

with astonishing rapidity;

its approach can not be mistaken in the roar of the distant trees, and before one is aware the elements are in a fearful uproar.

The vivid flashes of lightning penetrate the almost total darkness and play upon the rocky crags, far separated, as nimble fingers touch the keys of an instrument of music.

The peal and crash of the thunders echo and clash and roar, mad in their fearful fury, mixed with the flare and shine of nature's fire turned loose, closely followed by the bursting of the clouds in rainy torrents.

The whole scene is so impressive that the beholder often forgets himself in amazement or fear, both of which feelings soon turn to joy and admiration as the clouds pass by and the sun comes out;

the dripping trees and flowers, bent as in reverence at the majesty of God in the storm, raise their pearly petals and limbs to the returning sun;

the birds come back; the woods, so still before, tunefully echo with their silvery song;

the crickets chirp, and all nature speaks with a voice of thanks, and you unconsciously whisper, "I'm glad it's over, yet

I would not be without such an experience for all the riches of the world.

God be thanked for the freedom of the mountains, and the glory of the storm and sunshine?"

Returning to our journey, we found that we were getting faint, our heads felt light, and there was a dull pain over the heart.

The air was too rare for us, and progress was slow.

The sun had set and we could see the shadow of the peaks making their eastward way in the valley below.

We were gaining on the old mountain, and we could now distinctly see the men and mules on the rocky precipice fifteen hundred feet above us.

A few more extra efforts and one of the party reached the saddle of the summit, and after a shout stood entranced in admiration at the wonderful sight before him.

In a moment we were all there.

Not one of us but would willingly have gone three times the distance to behold the grandeur of the panorama about us.

There in the southeast were the Uintah Mountains already clad in a mantle of white;

to the east the mountain near Evanston, Monte Christo, and the Bear Lake valley;

in the north Cache valley; to the south we could see far beyond Ensign Peak, Mount Nebo and the southern valleys afar off; to the west the lake, with its islands, like so many specks in its expanse, and beyond it the great barren desert of America.

At our feet nearly six thousand feet below lay Ogden City, of which we gained the most perfect birds-eye view.

The frost up to this time, October n, had not been so strong on the west side of the mountains as to the east and therefore the former were dressed in their most gorgeous autumn colors, which added no trifle to the beauty of the picture.

We had not yet reached the top of the peak and we were informed by the men in the tents, which had here been pitched all summer, that it would take twenty minutes hard climbing to reach it.

We determine to go, for the sun which had now set in Ogden valley seemed far up in the sky and was shining brightly in the Salt Lake valley.

The top was reached, and through the courtesy of the men in charge we were permitted to use the magnificent theodolite through which observations had been taken during the summer.

The signs in Ogden could be read, the houses in Smithfield, Cache County, could plainly be observed, and the people on the streets of Huntsville could be distinguished by their dress.

A description of the instruments, and a history of the observations and labors of this survey, would be very interesting, but we must content ourselves with other things for we were reminded that it was late;

in Huntsville the sun had been down for nearly an hour and in Ogden nearly half an hour.

We had forgotten that we stood nine thousand six hundred feet above the level of the sea and could gaze far beyond the horizon of the valley below.

Here storms are made and sunshine lingers.

*.

The instruments were placed on the very apex of the mountain which was not more than a few feet across.

On the west side was a steep incline and on the

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

east an almost perpendicular precipice for several hundred feet, which ended in a large basin entirely devoid of all vegetation, and lined on all sides by rocks, large and small, which had during the ages crumbled from its stony sides.

In this basin, perpetual snow has made its risting place.

The few poor shrubs and dwarf pines on the brow of the mountain to the west of us told of the fierce blasts that the weather-beaten rocks of the summit had endured for ages.

Often before a severe storm the howl of the angry wind and the drifting of the snows upon this mountain top can be distinctly heard and seen when it is perfectly quiet in the valleys on either side below.

The men said that at times great white clouds would gather below, and the sun would shine in perfect loveliness on the mountain top giving the valley the appearance of a vast sea, in which the toiling thousands moved and had their being.

The remark reminds one of the song: "Above the clouds the sun still shines,"and this even serves as a ray of comfort to the many who grope in the darkness of the clouds surrounding the pathway of life.

We lingered to feast upon the hiding of the King of Day which thrilled us with unspeakable delight.

The sun set beyond the horison of the desert, amid gold and red and gorgeous colors reflected in unparalleled brilliancy of beauty upon the sky and lake, while we beheld a splendor which I can not describe, and which can be witnessed only from such a point of observation as this.

Now the sun has set, and if possible with more sublime grandeur the scene is to be repeated on the morrow, when the first rays of his returning shall chase away the darkness of the fleeing night.

In the mean time we must scamper for home.

,We fairly tumble down the hills, and in two hours, (it had taken us nearly six hours to ascend) we look from our resting place in Huntsville, upon the hoary old mountain bathed in the mellow light of the full moon.

Edward H. Anderson.

1 had rather to be blamed, So I were blameless made, Than for much virtue to be famed,

When I no virtues had.

George Wither, 1588-1667.

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

"And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside, and the fowls came and devoured them up.

"Some fell upon stony places where they had not much earth, and forthwith they sprang up because they had no deepness of earth.

"And when the sun was up they were scorched, and because they had no root they withered away.

"And some fell among thorns and the thorns sprang up and choked them.

"But others fell into good ground and brought forth fruit.

Some a hundred fold, some sixty fold, some thirty fold."Matt.

13: 4-8.

Marriage! What a solemn word, and how little considered by mankind in general!

How many rush into it without a moment's consideration of the mighty step they are taking.

"Marry in haste and'repent at leisure."My dear young people of Zion, let me beseech you to listen to one who desires only your good.

I have traveled thirteen years, have lived among many classes of people, been in their domestic circles, seen happy and unhappy families, and have made a constant study of the causes of both, and I am thoroughly convinced that principle should always precede love.

Not that love is unessential, for without it there can be no happiness, but love will follow principle.

The quoted parable was given by our

Savior and applied to the sowing of the

Gospel seed, but it will apply as well to the planting of the seed of love.

Admiration is the seed of love.

Whenever a man or woman admires one of the opposite sex it is the bursting of this germ in their hearts, and if it is nourished

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

and cultivated it will grow and ripen into love.

To receive the benefit of any law requires obedience to that law, or, as the

Lord says:

"There is a law irrevocably decreed in the heavens from before the foundations of the world, upon which all blessings are predicated, and when we obtain any blessing from God, it is by obedience to the law upon which it is predicated."Doctrine and Covenants, Sec.

130: 20, 21.

True, a person may admire another for any good quality of mind or heart.

This may be called the unsown seed of love.

The wheat kept in the garner does not grow.

Just so with that admiration which is the sure precursor of love.

Once sown in the heart it grows, as wheat sown in the warm, damp earth, brings forth fruit according to the depth and richness of the soil.

Following our parable, let us classify match-making under four heads.

First, the seed falling by the wayside; second, that which falls upon stony places; third, that scattered among thorns; and fourth, that sown in good soil.

First.

The seed falling by the wayside fitly represents childish love.

A girl fourteen to sixteen admires a man;

her mind being tender and confiding, the seed springs up like the mushroom, and withers as quickly.

Some one else comes along who is flashy and her girlish love is gone.

Sometimes it does not last a week, but some alas! marry under that influence and the fowls of an embittered life devour the seeds ere they take root.

Second.

I believe the most of the marriages in this world, many of them among the Latter-day Saints, come under the head of the seed falling on stony ground.

Anything romantic and exciting takes everything not fortified, by storm.

Here is a young fellow in society who has spent much of his time in learning to dance, to dress well—in short, to cut a swell.

He had always a fund of lady talk—light nonsensicalities which pass for wit.

He is to be found at every pleasure resort, and at home cuts a dash with fast horses.

In short, he is the embodiment, in personal appearance and accomplishments, of the modern hero of fiction, as if he had jumped full dressed from the latest popular novel.

What follows?

Why the unbounded admiration of the fair sex.

"Isn't he nice!""How handsome!""What a fine dancer!""How witty!"Ah, young lady! while you thus unconsciously surrender your heart to him, do you reflect on the richness and depth of the soil in which you plant?

Are you certain that you do not scatter your precious seed by the wayside or on stony ground?

Will these accomplishments, which you so much admire, last and make you happy through life and in eternity?

Will not the fowls of stern life, the trials and vexations thrown in every pathway, pluck up the seed ere it begins to grow?

Or will not the scorching sun beat down upon the shallow, stony soil and burn up the feeble roots?

If you love him only because of his romantic life, it will take romance to feed that love.

After marriage he must continue dancing, going to theatres, and pleasure resorts;

and when ever he comes into your presence, he must meet you with jocular and light speeches.

In fact he must be funny all the time or your love withers.

But alas! he can not keep that romantic life up, and he settles down at last like the punctured windbag he is.

What an unfruitful life!

His precious days of youth have been spent in the school of frivolity.

You awaken to the reality and find yourself bound for life to an ignorant man.

The spear of grass has penetrated the shallow soil and seeks nourishment of a stone, and a burning sun is over head.

If such a wife desires to be informed on the delicate duties of married life, she can not make a confidant of her husband; the spear of grass soon learns there is no nourishment in a stone.

Mortified she can only suffer on.

He, on the other hand, ignorant of the laws of nature, and schooled only in the love of pleasure, makes his wife a prey to his lustful desires, breaking her health and destroying her happiness without knowing the cause and caring less of the conse-

37 6 MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

quences.

Many times in my travels women have remarked:

"My husband is brutal, and I am beginning to detest him."On inquiry I have invariably learned that during his youth he was a swell and a pleasure seeker.

Many times in the missionary field I have been drawn into conversation with men, who, when they were cornered, would say:

"I can't talk with you, but if I had my wife here she could."Is it not strange that men are desirious of getting young ladies better and more pure than themselves?

Thus they are unequally yoked.

Differences arise.

One does not look at things as does the other.

He, perhaps, has but very little, if any, religion, for ignorance never understands correct principles.

The love dies, although it may for years have struggled for life.

A divorce is the end of the nuptial tie, but not the sorrow and remorse.

Third.

Let us now consider the seeds falling among thorns.

A young lady meets a man, handsome, finely dressed, very gentlemanly, perhaps intelligent in worldly things, but with little or no religion.

He has also some bad habits, being, perhaps, addicted to tobacco, drinking and profanity.

He can talk upon history, science and literature, but not on the things of eternity.

Be he ever so bright, he is only a worldly man, even though he bear the name of Latter-day

Saint.

The lady flatters herself that she will get him to pray and attend meetings.

For her sake he will quit his bad habits and become worthy the. name he bears.

Mistaken idea!

His vices and follies are the rank weeds and thorns of the parable.

They will in nine cases out of ten grow stronger, her virtues weaker.

It is a dangerous experiment, and before any young lady makes it, she should plant some good seed in a garden overgrown, and wait till the seeds thus planted shall overcome the weeds.

I am thoroughly convinced that men who drink and profane, sooner or later defile themselves with women.

I have been a close observer for years, and few have had better chances to know such characters and the history of their downward course.

Abuse follows dissipation and then comes divorce or a life of sorrow Love is gone, hope lost.

Millions are in these ranks.

Fourth.

It is a pleasure to turn now to the seed falling on good ground.

There are three necessary qualifications in human beings to bring perfect happiness, viz: the physical, the intellectual, and the moral or religious.

The last two are the most important.

The first is small as compared with either of the others.

I met a blind man not long ago who had just married a fair looking young lady.

I heard an unmarried lady say to her, "Maud, how could you marry him?"to which the latter replied:

"He is intelligent, pure, and a Godfearing man, with no bad habits.

If I had married a man deficient in any of these things, I could not have taken pleasure in being seen in his company.

But as it is I lead my husband with pleasure and pride along his path.

He can trust me and I him.

Our love thus grows stronger with each day, as we learn to know each other better."A young lady sees a man who fears God and keeps his commandments;

His countenance beams with intelligence a spiritual light which grows brighter, for the Holy Ghost, his teacher, leads into all truth. St. John 16: 13.

From meeting him at Sabbath gatherings and Mutual

Improvement meetings, she learns to respect and admire him as a God-fearing man.

The qualities she has discovered in him appeal to her heart and understanding alike.

She knows they will last.

I contend that under such circumstances she would be perfectly safe in marrying him, for her admiration will as surely result in love as a golden harvest will follow seed planted in good soil.

This love, if it be mutual, can not but grow stronger and dearer as eternity rolls on.

Marriage does not stop their progress nor check their happiness;

it rather cements into that eternal union two souls that have been made one. He will still seek knowledge.

She admired his intelligence and goodness before marriage; she still admires his constant progress to glory.

He leads her on to

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

exaltation and eternal life.

She can go to him for counsel and to have her doubts removed.

He studies her future as well as his own, and therefore the present gratification of the baser passions is held in check by wisdom, and the wife still lives,and still blooms with!health,for she has not been sacrificed at the shrine of momentary pleasure.

Again, the true husband calls his dear ones around the family altar and thanks the Almighty, thus coupling heart to heart in a chain of humility which tends to soften the human and promote the growth of the divine in their natures.

Such marriages are always for eternity and bring forth some thirty, some sixty, and some an hundred fold according to their faithfulness to God and His Gospel.

Now, my young friends, is it not of all things most important that you become intelligent in spiritual as well as in temporal things?

No man is truly intelligent until he finds God the author of all truth.

Joseph says:

"It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."Doc. and Cov.

131:

6.

And if a person gain more knowledge and intelligence in this life than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come.

"Whatever principles of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection,"Doc. and Cov.

130:

18, 19.

Then how necessary for us to give heed to the Gospel and study while the mind is susceptible of learning, instead of spending the precious time in theatres, pleasure resorts on Sundays.and in reading light literature.

It frequently happens that men of the latter class get wives as pure and noble as they are corrupt and worthless.

In fact that class of men always seek such wives, proving that they despise the life they lead but have not the moral courage to reform.

They would in reality be happier were they to marry a wife of their own stamp.

How can they expect a pure woman to love them when they cannot respect the image they see by looking in their own moral mirrors?

Remember oil and water will not mix, neither will intelligence cleave to ignorance, purity to impurity, or religion to infidelity.

The Lord says:

"For intelligence cleaveth unto intelligence, wisdom receiveth wisdom, truth embraceth truth, virtue loveth virtue, light cleaveth unto light, mercy hath compassion on mercy and claimeth her own."Doc. and Cov. 88: 40.

Now you see if a woman has these virtues, she has a right to a husband of like virtues, and if she gets any other she cannot cleave to him as she would to one possessing them.

If men of no religion would seek their own class of women—if those who drink and swear would marry female sots (they have no moral right to any others) and leave the good, the pure, the intelligent for men of like virtues,—if men would marry within their own church—there would be fewer divorces and more happiness in this world.

"But,"says one, "what is to be done?

There are half a dozen young ladies worthy of virtuous husbands where there is one young man worthy of them.

The government says the one shall not marry the six.

What then?

Shall five live old maids?"Yes, better be an old maid than the heart-broken wife of a debauchee or even an ignoramus whom you can not respect.

Now boys, here is the remedy:

if you want a good wife and a happy life, be just such a man as you would have your wife be a woman.

If you can't get a recommend to the temple find a girl that can't, don't cheat one who can.

Girls, if you want a good husband, live so that you will be a good wife, then keep your eyes open.

Attend to the duties enjoined upon you by your religion.

Above all, pray to God every day of your life.

Ask him to help you to be worthy of a good help- mate in life and a partner in eternity, for that is the greatest step of your life.

If a man asks to marry you outside the temple, you may know he wants you only for a time and present purposes.

God never instituted a marriage for time.

It can be proven by holy writ that all marriages acknowledged of him are for eternity.

"I know that whatsoever God doeth it shall be forever, nothing can be put to it, nor anything taken from it.

For God doeth it."Ecclesi.

iii, 14.

Then if

MORALITY AND RELIGION.

you marry for time, remember God has nothing to do with the contract.

Now is the time you are forming your character and laying a foundation for happiness or sorrow.

Remember, "No one can be saved faster than he gets intelligence."Wm.

M.

Palmer.

MORALITY AND RELIGION.

In a former article I spoke of man's nature as being three fold in capacities, susceptibilities or powers.

To meet all of man's natural wants, there are among others three distinct methods of acquiring knowledge by which these capacities or powers may be developed.

These are perception, consciousness, and belief or faith.

These scources or means of knowledge are only mentioned here to show that all have within their reach what nature demands for its full and complete development in humanity, whether as a moral or religious being.

The question arises, in this connection, is man a moral being?

Has he a moral nature, and is he a responsible agent?

A moral being I will define as one who is conscious that there is a difference in the acts performed by him;

that some acts ought to be done, and some ought not to be done, because the reason sees that the one is right and the other wrong, and if he does the right he is happy, and if he does the wrong he is unhappy.

This description of a moral being is simply that which is evidenced by consciousness.

Man cannot well be a moral being without being conscious of it.

Human consciousness carefully analyzed discloses the fact that by it we become acquainted with the powers and operations, the feelings and emotions of our own minds.

The study of consciousness is the study of ourselves.

In it we discover our personality, with its ability to do or not to do; classify our mental powers;

analyze our thoughts, feelings and emotions; and comprehend our own knowledge.

All the knowledge we gain from it is limited to the mind itself; beyond this it can give no information without going out of itself.

Consciousness discloses the fact that man is subjectively a moral being, that the mind makes a distinction in actions;

that some are regarded by it as right, and others as wrong; that some things ought to be done, and some ought not to be done.

This universal fact is disclosed in the consciousness of every human being so far as human knowledge extends.

However contradictory their creeds and their opinions, all act upon this great fact—a moral distinction in the character of actions.

Another fact equally clear in human consciousness, is the feeling of blame and praise, merit and demerit, or the doing or not doing of certain acts, by which arise emotions of moral approbation and disapprobation, affording pleasure or misery from which there is no escape.

This feeling is equally as universal as the other, and equally a part of our natures—is a law of the human soul.

While this great fact exists in humanity, the distinction of actions, and the emotions of pain or pleasure, consequent on the performance of one or the other, there is a great variety of opinions as to what actions are right and what are wrong; what are bad and blameworthy, and what are good and praiseworthy.

This apparent conflict has led some minds to conclude that there was no distinction in actions—that all were alike, mere creations of the mind itself, to which right and wrong were only subiectively true, never objectively so.

If human minds are identical, there must be some fact, some law of humanity, reconciling and harmonizing these apparent contradictions.

Humanity cannot be in conflict with itself; what is true of one mind must be also true of every other mind.

This is as it relates to facts disclosed within human consciousness, under those circumstances which cause

MORALITY AND RELIGION.

feelings of pain and pleasure to arise in the mind;

or, as to what is subjective truth?

In the first place we are conscious of our own personality, of the possession of a free will, and of our ability to act, or not to act; so that whatever we do we feel conscious that it is our own act, and that the responsibility of all acts rests upon ourselves and not upon another.

An act to which we are forced is not our act; we can never feel guilty for such an act. The consciousness, then, that the act is our own act, is a condition of mind without which these feelings of pain and pleasure, of guilt and innocence, cannot arise in the mind.

We are endowed with this consciousness of personality and a free will.

This condition is, therefore, found to be a mental fact, disclosed in consciousness.

The act done or admitted to be done must be regarded by the mind itself as right or wrong, as good or bad.

The capacity to form these judgments exists in every mind, and these judgments are formed.

Every mind has its decisions, its adjudications, its laws upon what is right and what is wrong.

The diversity of these judgments serve to prove their existence in the mind; not that they are correct, but simply that they do exist; that every mind is possessed of its standard of right and wrong, of good and bad.

These judgments are as universal as humanity.

The existence of the natural capacity to form such judgments, necessitates their formation, but not the character of them.

The character of these judgments depends upon the exercise of other and distinct mental powers.

These judgments are to each mind its standard of what is right and of what is wrong, and by which the mind tests all its thoughts and actions.

In this way the mind adjudicates upon all its acts, decides whether they are right or wrong, moral or immoral.

These judgments become laws of conduct, rules of action, standards of right; and just so long as the mind keeps before itself these facts so found, will these feelings of pleasure or pain continue.

In this sense, the mind is a law unto itself, and it must obey its own laws thus made, at the risk of its own peace or misery.

It is impossible for the human soul to experience the pangs of conscience, in doing an act which the mind itself adjudges to be right.

Whether the judgment is objectively true or not, it is subjectively true, and that is for the mind absolute truth.

It is submitted that this is a psychological fact, disclosed in human consciousness of each and every mind, educated or uneducated, enlightened or unenlightened.

Thus we discover that man is a moral being;

that he is endowed with the capacity of discriminating between action as right or wrong, and with the susceptibility to feel the force of obligation, of duty and of suffering, as he obeys or disobeys the calls of duty.

And further that subjective morality consists in conforming the acts of the individual to the judgments and beliefs of the mind, by which are secured pleasurable emotions, and from a want of conformity arises a painful emotion.

Here we see what conscience is; that it is not an infallible guide to the right, to the truth;

it is simply a necessary pain or pleasure incident to action regarded by the reason as right or wrong.

It responds to the judgments and beliefs of the mind itself;

the conscience bearing witness, while the thoughts may accuse or excuse one another.

The conscience, then, needs enlightening; judgments and beliefs should be formed after a full study of the truth and in conformity to the truth.

The conscience can only be reached through the education of the reason.

Enlighten, inform the reason, so as to correct its errors, and you correct the action of conscience.

Correct moral teaching, in harmony with revealed truth, can alone harmonize the diversity of judgments formed in the human soul where the light of inspiration has not penetrated so as to lead unto all truth.

The inspiration of the Holy Ghost operating upon the spirit of man, will ever enable the mind to determine correctly the right and the wrong, the good and the evil in the actions of men,

THE KEYS OE THE KINGDOM.

especially in man's own acts, where conscience is ever found, approving or disapproving.

This ever present principle with man sits in judgment upon all acts performed by him in the exercise of his agency, and will never leave him, unless he becomes abandoned to wrong, and disregards its admonitions.

It is a part of his being, and as a legitimate adviser has it in charge, as relates to any and all of its moral obligations in every condition of life.

It must not go unheeded in its judgments impressed upon the human mind.

That intelligent being who is justified by an enlightened conscience is a being of power—he has no fear and can endure all things.

The prison, the rack and the fire have no terrors to the soul whose acts of life are thus approved.

Sin does not abound where a true conscience justifies the deed.

It is the highest condition of moral excellence—the perfection of humanity, and gives the full measure of human bliss.

When we violate our moral judgments, which we are free to do if we choose, then it is that the pangs of conscience rise up in the soul and embitter all our peace of mind; we feel miserable, unhappy; but we also feel that this misery, this unhappiness is justly merited by us, for having violated that which our own conscience declared to be right.

These pains and pleasures are a part of our very nature, we can not escape from them, and their intensity is in proportion to the clearness with which we see and feel our offenses, and must remain just as long as the consciousness of guilt rests upon the soul.

Should the time ever come when the fearful record of thoughts, words and deeds of a bad life is laid bare before the eye of the soul, who can tell what the intensity of those pangs may be?

May they not be to the soul, what fire is to the body, or the gnawing worm to the vitals?

If, then, the eternal happiness of man depends upon the development of his moral nature and the exercise of his moral powers, by acts that will entitle him to rewards, and free him from punishment, he must by his own free will conform his acts to the requirements of the moral law, which is no less than God's law to humanity.

Here morality and religion are blended together in an eternal compact, and is comprehended in the one great duty of man—to learn the laws of his being, and develope his life and nature perfectly in accord with those laws.

They are the laws of his creator, the laws of God.

The religious feature of this subject as relates to man's nature, and the necessity of faith or belief in revelation.to develope it, as the only means of spiritual knowledge and attainment, is worthy of an extended consideration.

5. W. Richards.

The motive gives value to all we do.

THE KEYS OF THE KINGDOM* Before the close of this conference there is a subject upon which I wish to bear my testimony.

There were perhaps very few people here yesterday who are in this assembly today, when Brother Thatcher delivered a lecture upon the life of President Brigham Young.

He referred to a saying of President Young which I, being a witRemarks by President Wilford Woodruff at the Y. M. M.

I. A. Conference, Sunday, June 2nd, 1889.

ness of, feel it my duty to allude to.

I am the first person unto whom he made the remark, and the only one living in the flesh who was with him and Joseph Smith, the Prophet of God, when he gave to the Twelve Apostles their charge concerning the Priesthood and the keys of the Kingdom of God; and as I myself shall soon, pass away like other men, I want to leave my testimony to these Latter-day Saints.

I was sitting with Brigham Young in

THE KEYS OF THE KINGDOM.

38i the depot in the city of Boston at the time when the two Prophets were martyred.

Of course we had no telegraphs and no fast reports as we have today to give communication over the land. During that period Brother Young was waiting there for a train of cars to go to Peterborough.

Whilst sitting there we were overshadowed by a cloud of darkness and gloom as great as I ever witnessed in my life under almost any circumstances in which we were placed.

Neither of us knew or understood the cause until after the report of the death of the Prophets was manifested to us.

Brother Brigham left;

I remained in Boston and next day took passage for Fox Islands, a place I had visited some years before, and baptized numbers of people and organized branches upon both those islands.

My father in-law, Ezra Carter, carried me on a wagon from Scarborough to Portland.

I there engaged passage on board of a steamer.

I had put my trunk on board and was just bidding my father-in-law farewell, when a man came out from a shop—

a shoemaker—holding a newspaper in his hand.

He said, "Father Carter, Joseph and Hyrum Smith have been martyred—they have been murdered in Carthage jail!"As soon as I looked at the paper the Spirit said to me that it was true.

I had no time for consultation, the steamer's bell was ringing, so I stepped on board and took my trunk back to land.

As I drew it off, the plank was drawn in.

I told Father Carter to drive me back to Scarborough.

I there took the car for Boston, and arrived at that place on the

Saturday night.

On my arrival there I received a letter which had been sent from Nauvoo, giving us an account of the killing of the

Prophets.

I was the only man in Boston of the quorum of the Twelve.

I had very strange feelings, as

I have no doubt all the Saints had.

I attended a meeting on the following day in Boydston's Hall, where a vast number of the inhabitants of Boston and some three hundred Latter day Saints had assembled.

Hundreds of men came to that meeting to see what the "Mormons"were going to do now that their Prophets were dead.

I felt braced up; every nerve, bone and sinew within me seemed as though made of steel.

I did not shed a tear.

I went into that hall, though I knew not what I was going to say to that vast audience.

I opened the Bible promiscuously and opened to the words of

St. John where he saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and heard them cry, "How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost Thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?"The Lord informed them that they must wait a little season, until their brethren were slain as they were.

I spoke on those words.

Next day I met Brigham Young in the streets of Boston, he having just returned, opposite to Sister Voce's house.

We reached out our hands, but neither of us was able to speak a word.

We walked into Sister Voce's house.

We each took a seat and veiled our faces.

We were overwhelmed with grief and our faces were soon bathed in a flood of tears.

I felt then that I could talk, though I could not do so before—that is, to Brother Brigham.

After we had done weeping we began to converse together concerning the death of the Prophets. In the course of the conversation, he smote his hand upon his thigh and said, "Thank God, the keys of the Kingdom are here."Brother Thatcher referred to that yesterday.

All that President Young or myself, or any member of the Quorum need have done in the matter was to have referred to the last instructions at the last meeting we had with the Prophet Joseph before starting on our mission.

I have alluded to that meeting many times in my life.

The Prophet Joseph I am now satisfied had a thorough presentiment that that was the last meeting we would hold together here in the flesh.

We had had our endowments; we had had all the blessings sealed upon our heads that were ever given to the Apostles or Prophets the face of the earth.

On

THE KEYS Ot THE KINGDOM.

that occasion the Prophet Joseph rose up and said to us, "Brethren, I have desired to live to see this temple built.

I shall never live to see it, but you will.

I have sealed upon your heads all the keys of the Kingdom of God.

I have sealed upon you every key, power, principle that the God of heaven has revealed to me or sealed upon me.

Now, no matter where I may go or what I may do, the Kingdom rests upon you."Now don't you wonder why we, as Apostles, could not have understood that the Prophet of God was going to be taken from us?

But we did not understand it.

The Apostles in the days of Jesus Christ could not understand what the Savior meant when He told them "I am going away;

if I do not go away the Comforter will not come!"Neither did we understand what Joseph meant.

"But,"he said, after having done this, "ye Apostles of the Lamb of God, my brethren, upon your shoulders this Kingdom rests; now you have got to round up your shoulders and bear off this Kingdom."And he also made this very strange remark, "If you do not do it you will be damned."I am the last man living who heard that declaration.

He told the truth, too;

for would not any of the men who have held the keys of the Kingdom of God or an Apostleship in this Church have been under condemnation, and would not the wrath of God have rested upon them if they had deserted these principles or denied and turned from them and undertaken to serve themselves instead of the work of the Lord 'which was committed to their hands?

When the Lord gave the keys of the Kingdom of God, the keys of the Melchisedeck Priesthood, of the Apostleship, and sealed them upon the head of Joseph Smith, He sealed them upon his head to stay here upon the earth until the coming of the Son of Man.

Well might Brigham Young say, "The keys of the Kingdom of God are here."They were with him to the day of his death.

They then rested upon the head of another man—President John Taylor.

He held those keys to the hour of his death.

They then fell by turn, or in the providence of God, upon Wilford Woodruff.

I say to the Latter-day Saints the keys of the Kingdom of God are here, and they are going to stay here, too, until the coming of the Son of Man.

Let all Israel understand that.

They may not rest upon my head but a short time, but they will then rest on the head of another Apostle, and another after him, and so continue until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ in the clouds of heaven to "reward every man according to the deeds done in the body."I want to add another thing, because I feel it my duty to say it to the Latterday Saints.

There is a feeling—it was so in the days of Joseph Smith—that he was not the man to lead the Church.

Even his bosom friends, men with whom he saw the angels of God, Oliver Cowdery and others, considered him a fallen

Prophet and thought they ought to lead the Church.

This history is before you and before the world.

The same feeling was manifest in the days of Brigham Young when he was called to hold the keys of the Presidency of the Church.

There were other men who thought they should be appointed to that office.

But the God of heaven manifested to you, and to me, and to all men, who were in Nauvoo, upon whom the mantle had fallen.

Brigham Young took his place, and led the Church and Kingdom of God up to the day of his death.

There are men today, there will be men till the coming of the Son of Man,

I expect, who feel as though they ought to lead the Church, as though it is not going on right—that this, that, and the other is wrong.

I say to all Israel at this day, I say to the whole world, that the God of Israel, who organized this Church and Kingdom, never ordained any President or Presidency to lead it astray.

Hear it, ye Israel, no man who has ever breathed the breath of life can hold these keys of the Kingdom of God and lead the people astray.

We talk of revelation.

There has been a feeling of wonder many times as to why Brigham Young did not have

THE KEYS OF THE KINGDOM.

3 83 revelation, why John Taylor did not have revelation, why Wilford Woodruff does not have revelation, why any other

Apostle does not have revelation.

I hold in my hand a book of revelations, enough to lead this Church into the celestial kingdom of God.

Anybody who will obey that law will have all the revelation that he can fulfill on the earth. We are not without revelation. The heavens are full of it, so is the holy Priesthood.

I know the destiny of this people;

it is revealed by the God of Israel and left on record.

I know the destiny of this kingdom, and I want to say, let us try to unite together and fulfill the law of God.

You need not trouble about the kingdom God has established.

He will take care of it.

The same God who has organized this Zion and gathered one hundred and fifty thousand people here from the nations of the earth, has His eye over you, He is watching over you, and He will take care of you when you do your duty.

Zion is not going to be moved out of her place.

The Lord will plead with her strong ones, and if she sins He will chastise her until she is purified before the Lord.

I do not pretend to tell how much sorrow you or

I are going to meet with before the coming of the Son of Man. That will depend upon our conduct.

With regard to the keys of the

Kingkom of God, they were placed on the earth to remain, and they will remain until Jesus Christ comes in the clouds of heaven.

But I and other men, the Apostles, and all who are called to officiate in the name of the Lord need the faith and prayers of the Latter day Saints.

By way of closing I will say that Brigham Young, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, these Twelve Apostles around me, and everyone of the Seventies, High Priests, High Councilors, Presidents of Stakes, the Melchisedec and all the Aaronic Priesthood, and all the Latterday Saints—all will get what they labor for.

Whatsoever we sow, whether good or evil, of that we will reap the fruit.

But in the morning of the resurrection you will find Joseph Smith holding the keys of this kingdom and dispensation at the head of all Israel who belong to this dispensation; he will hold them to the endless ages of eternity, notwithstanding that we shall all get our reward for what we do.

The keys of the kingdom were given to Joseph Smith.

They were placed on the heads of other men to make use of on earth for a short time;

and when we get through we shall all have our reward.

Let us make up our minds to serve and honor God.

Do not have any fears concerning the kingdom; the Lord will lead that aright; and if Brother Woodruff or any of the Presidency of this Church should take any course to lead you astray, the Lord will remove us out of the way.

We are in the hands of the Lord and those keys will be held and taken care of by the God of Israel until He comes whose right it is to reign.

God bless you all.

Amen.

[At the evening session President Woodruff made the following additional remarks:] Before dismissing this assembly I feel it my duty to say a few words.

I addressed the Saints a short time this afternoon upon a certain subject, and that was in bearing my testimony to the keys of the kingdom of God, which the Lord gave to Joseph Smith, and the retaining of those keys upon the earth through their bestowal upon the heads of the Apostles.

I did not pretend to dwell upon the organization of the Priesthood or of the Church in these remarks.

My only object was to bear my testimony upon that subject.

After the meeting I began to reflect, from remarks which I made, that perhaps many of the people might get an entirely wrong idea of my views with regard to the kingdom of God.

I referred to the Doctrine and Covenants—a code of revelations which the Lord gave to Joseph

Smith.

This book contains some of the most glorious revelations upon doctrine, upon principle, upon government, upon the kingdom of God and the different glories, and upon a great many things which reach into the eternal worlds.

My leaving this subject there, perhaps, might lead my friends to suppose that I

3«4 SOME POINTED ADVERTISEMENTS.

did not believe in any more revelation.

This would be a great mistake.

For if we had before us every revelation which

God ever gave to man;

if we had the Book of Enoch;

if we had the untranslated plates before us in the English language;

if we had the records of the Revelator St. John which are sealed up, and all other revelations, and they were piled up here a hundred feet high, the Church and kingdom of God could not grow, in this or any other age of the world, without the living oracles of God.

The Presidency of the Church is composed of three men—the

President and his Counselors; and not only does the President of the Church need revelation daily, in order to pass through the labor, the care and the business that rests upon him, but his Counselors need it.

Every one of the Twelve Apostles need it in all their administrations throughout the world; and not only the

Twelve Apostles, but the Seventies, the

High Priests, the Bishops, the Elders and all who belong to the Melchisedec or Aaronic Priesthood—all need it in their administrations in the world.

No man can go forth and lift up his voice and declare the Gospel of Jesus Christ without revelation.

He needs the Holy Priesthood with him; he needs the Holy

Ghost with him every day of his life.

I do not wish to be misunderstood in this matter.

Every man or woman that has ever entered into the Church of God and been baptized for the remission of sins, has a right to revelation;

yes, women have a right to revelation, a right to the Spirit of God, to assist them in their labors, in their administrations to their children, in counseling their children and those over whom they are called to preside.

The Holy Ghost is not restricted to men, nor to Apostles or Prophets, it belongs to every faithful man and woman, and to every child who is old enough to receive the Gospel of Christ.

I am very much opposed to false doctrine, either preaching it myself or having anybody else preach it.

I therefore wish to make this correction if there is any need of it.

God never had a Church or a people, in any age of the world, that were ever governed and controlled except by revelation.

The living oracles of God were among them—those who held the keys of the kingdom, and they had to receive revelation to assist them in all their work.

The Elders of Israel, when they go abroad to the nations of the earth, need the Spirit of God, to tell them to go here, or go there, that they may search out the honest in heart.

Let us all understand this, so that we may not be divided in our views and sentiments.

SOME POINTED ADVERTISEMENTS.

The following notices are found in a manuscript paper of one of the associations, which recently came to hand:

Found—a character.

The owner may have it by calling at this office and giving satisfactory explanations how he got it so dirty.

For sale cheap—a brand new reputation, got by associating with evil companions.

If any person will agree to take it and return my old one, he will find a bargain by calling at No.

Repentence Avenue.

Lost—while standing around street corners and neglecting to attend Sunday School and Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, a number of golden opportunities.

As the loser has been called on a mission he will pay any reward that lies in his power for their recovery.

Wanted—young men, energetic, industrious.honest, whole-souled and faithful young men to prepare themselves for carrying on the greatest work in which man can possibly be engaged namely, the building up of God's kingdom upon the earth.

Young men who have enegy enough to get a testimony for themselves of the truth of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and then to stand up boldly and defend their convictions;

young men who will study; young men who will work; young men who can say no, to the seductive temptations of the day; young men who will accept advice

POLITICS FOR YOUNG MORMONS.

from their parents and the authorities of the Church; young men who will protect their sisters, universally, from the vile intrigues of the destroyer;

prayerful young men; young men who will rely on God, and trust to his providences;

young men who think more of eternal riches than of the gold that perishes with the using; young men who will not squander their inheritences, or sell their birthright for a mess of pottage; young men who will study the Constitution of the United States and uphold its Godgiven principles; and who can be used in God's hands as instruments by which to maintain that human liberty for which our fathers fought and died.

Wanted!

Wanted by our Heavenly Father.

Young man, are you qualified?

Are you ready to report for duty?

POLITICS FOR YOUNG MORMONS.

To the minds of many, and especially to those of the purest cast, the word "politics"conveys ideas respecting the practice of unscrupulousness, cunning, trickery and hypocritical wire pulling the reaching of unworthy ends by means of despicable and dishonest methods.

Modern politics as defined by their actual workings in the states and territories of our national Union, have come to be little less than a continual exhibition of the sacrifice of principle, at the greedy shrine of selfish policy.

When our patriot fathers came out of the flames of war, purified, and from chaos wrought order and laid the foundations of the purest and best known system of republican government, politics were designed as the means by which the affairs of the young and the undefiled republic should be administered, the purity of its people perpetuated, and national prosperity developed upon principles of justice and equity.

In days when the office sought the man, and in the exercise of the Godgiven privilege of franchise, Americans gave tribute to merit, patriotism became the pole-star of a young nation's best hope.

Ambitious, place-seeking politicians were less respected then than now.

Their voices were seldom heard in the councils of the nation, in those early days when liberty was sanctified by love of country.

Governmental administration, based on selfish, temporal interests, rather than on the exalted plane of individual and national honor, is an unholy spawn gendered in the mire of modern political corruption.

The political and vulgar battle-cry ot this unholy spawn is "get there!"The glories of a country, the fame of a nation, or the rights and liberties of a numerous people, are matters of no moment to such.

The study and aim of the modern politician is to accomplish his end, right or wrong.

In ceaseless effort to gratify personal ambition he becomes sagacious in promoting plots tending to the accomplishment of his wishes, and ingenious in concocting schemes with which to becloud and belittle not only principle but men.

While not courageous enough to do open violence he hesitates not a moment in the underhanded and approved political method of assassinating character. Over the destroyed reputation of a real or prospective rival in the political arena he gloats as the serpent over its beslimed victim.

Without hesitation he wears, when to his purpose, the cloak of religion or the mask of skepticism.

Within a single hour he is capable of devoutly(?) praying with those who pray, and scoffing with the infidel, if the darkness of night does but hide his track.

Of the ordinary and more common methods of the politician, by which bribes are given and taken, and men and nations become venal, I need not write;

nor need I allude to the numerous political devices by which false registration and duplicate voting is accomplished, ballot boxes stuffed, and legal votes cast out, for these are matters

POLITICS FOR YOUNG MORMONS.

with which young Mormons in recent years have been made, by observation, somewhat familiar.

Nor would it be profitable here to spend much time in reciting the tricks by which professional politicians in and out of territorial, state and national legislatures secure the passage of laws in their personal and particular friends'interests.

The extravagant appropriation of public funds, to be expended by cliques and combinations previously formed or organized in the interests of the zealous advocates of the measure; the creation of new offices, to be filled by a hungry set of officials, ready and willing to eat out the substance of the people while popularizing the unscrupulous filcher of public funds, are subjects familiar to every student of

American or European politics.

But the underground wires forming the woof and webb of political jobbery by which the weavers not only steal public money and place upon the masses grievous burdens, but destroy the reputation of good men likely to oppose their wicked course, and expose their ungodly ways, are possibly not so well understood by our mountain boys.

It would be better and more to the honor and fair fame of Utah if her youth should never learn of any of these things by personal observation.

The existence of such disgraceful methods, and the cowardly and unscrupulous manner in which they are used, has so thoroughly disgusted the best and wisest men of our nation that they stand aloof, unwilling to be defiled by the slime festering on every shore of the foul political sea.

On first thought who can blame them?

And yet, on mature reflection, who is so blind as to be unable to see what must be the inevitable result?

Will God and conscience hold the sons of patriot fathefs guiltless, if they permit unscrupulous demagogues to plot against the sacred bequest of human rights and national liberty vouchsafed on the bloody field of battle!

Our fathers lacked neither devotion nor courage there; why should their sons lack it here?

They pledged their honor, life and fortune to put down the hate ful rule of the British king.

Are their sons to-day threatened with the constant encroachment of a despot less heartless and cruel?

What sacred, divine or human right, won by the Revolutionary soldier, has not, in some form, been trodden under foot by political schemers, making expediency the pretext for buying men and votes as cattle are bought in the open markets.

In Utah and Idaho unusual, and as we believe, unconstitutional tests are forced upon the people as bars to the exercise of franchise, while cunning politicians in the states of the Union constantly run the mills of naturalization, and, from grists mostly received from the slums of

Europe, grind out ready made voters who know as much about our system of government and the basic principles upon which it rests as the average American Indian knows of astronomy, but who, at the bidding of master or for a drink of whisky, deposit their ballots "where they will do the most good."Here, I say, we have unconstitutional and radical voting restrictions.

They are such as the politician—unscrupulous in his methods, and dishonest in motive—naturally prescribes in order that the minority may over-reach and rule the majority.

Time and determination on the part of the youth of Utah, acting under a higher code of "Politics for Young Mormons,"will remedy all such evils and reaffirm the doctrines of true republicanism in precept and practice.

Next to man's fealty to God the right performance of his duty to country is the highest evidence of intelligence, civilization and patriotism, but no man is true to God or to his country who, without protest or effort to prevent, permits the vicious, ignorant and designing to shape the councils of legislation or fill offices of public trust and emolument.

Honesty of purpose and personal integrity to the principles of local and state and national government, should be fundamental requirements of all who exercise the functions of franchise.

Ordinarily, a man unable to read and write intelligently in the language of his

POLITICS FOR YOUNG MORMONS.

country, or who is unfamiliar with its constitution and the principles of government upon which it is founded, should neither vote nor hold office.

Intelligence and qualification, not monetary consideration, or family name, should be considered necessary requisites of fitness for public station in all politics fit for young Mormons.

Distribution of official station, or the political training ofthe many rather than the education and glorification of the few, is better than inheritance or a life's lease on public place.

There are many things which politics fit for young Mormons would suggest as worthy of consideration and regard.

Among these may be mentioned a decent respect for the teachings of experience, and a veneration of gray hairs;

always remembering that the counsels of the men most earnestly engaged in building up the commonwealth are safer than those of the adventurer and place hunter;

that political power has its source among the people in all just forms of republican government, and while their servants may seem at times to rise above them in exercising the functions of public station, it is but the j presumptive seeming of that which cannot exist.

Political office is indeed a public trust, and only by usurpation can the servant become even for a time greater than the master.

Politics for young Mormons must recognize the potent voice of the people, and in all primaries encourage the freest possible expression of the public mind in the choice of delegates empowered to nominate persons for official station.

Delegates thus selected will be careful in pledging themselves to the nomination of men of their own choice, or to that of their fellow delegates, until in caucus of the authorized body, all are free to informally present and advocate men best fitted, in their view;

to fill the stations vacant or to become vacant.

I say informally because in open convention a free expression is frequently cut short by the adroit pressure of some parliamentary rule which the convention itself had never adopted as a guide to its action; while in a caucus, formalities being laid aside, the views of the modest as well as those of the more forward can be ascertained. To the experienced it is no new thing to witness the right suggestion, or the proper nomination coming from the modest but thoughtful man who had chosen the most distant and darkest corner of a public gathering.

Notwithstanding all that has been said respecting union of church and state, or respecting the domination of the state by the church, or of the church by the state, I am sincerely of the opinion that politics for young Mormons will not inhibit nor ignore advise from good citizens simply because congress has prescribed,or the people burdened them with ecclesiastical position in any church organization whatever. One of the wrongs against which our fathers contended was taxation without representation, and any code that would seek to perpetuate that wrong would be unworthy the political standard of young Mormons.

On the other hand they might lpok with distrust upon any attempt to influence political action on the ground of religious preferment, and especially where such influence tends to personal advancement in a political way, to the individual, his relatives or particular friends, to the exclusion of others equally meritorious* A proper guide on points of this kind should be found in the records of the past.

Influences of this nature should be met not with prejudice but principles announced in a manly way.

Young Mormon politicians desiring the welfare of their country may view with distrust every attempt to influence legislation by lobbyists, whether members or non members of law-making bodies.

Perhaps nothing in our country's history is more painfully humiliating to contemplate than a jobbing legislature, whether of a territory, state or nation.

And wherever a people permit such things, party leaders plot and plan until they shape the complexion of legislative bodies to their purpose.

To that purpose municipal, county, territorial, state and national rings are formed.

These when thoroughly organized be-

THE CHAUTAUQUA SYSTEM.

come aggressive, and in making fat places for themselves and friends are not afraid to bind the masses or bleed the public at every pore.

Encouraged by success they become more bold and ultimately dictate openly from a distance who are most suitable for municipal, county, territorial or state offices.

Once established such organization brooks no opposition short of utter defeat or destruction in the heat of political revolution.

To avoid these hidden reefs in the political sea, let young Utah adopt a generous and just political code, founded on true democratic principles, and having honesty, and truth and integrity as watch words, sit squarely down on all demagogues seeking to adopt here the corrupt and venal methods prevailing in politics elsewhere.

Moses Thatcher.

He is never alone that is in the company of noble thoughts.

THE CHAUTAUQUA SYSTEM.

Beginning on July 2d, and ending August 26th, the sixteenth meeting of the New York Chautauqua assembly is held.

This is one of the most remarkable educational enterprises of modern times.

Its beginning dates back to 1874.

At the first it was wholly religious in its purpose, the design being to establish on the shores of the beautiful Lake Chautauqua a camp for instruction in advanced methods of Sunday School work, as a new feature of the camp meeting plan.

The originators were Mr.

Lewis Miller, of Akron, in Ohio, and the Rev. J. H. Vincent, D. D., the Sunday School secretary of the Methodist church. To this end the grounds selected and purchased were supplied with models of Palestine, of Jerusalem, the Jewish Tabernacle, and the Pyramid of

Cheops.

But the immediate success of the experiment in attracting students resulted in the gradual enlargement of the design until now the directory of the various courses and schemes of study, and of the teachers engaged on them, fills five or six of the pages of the

Chautauqua Assembly Herald, a paper which is published on the grounds daily during the session, and of which an advanced number was issued in the middle of May.

First there is what is called a College of the Liberal Arts, with a session of six weeks, in which there are departments of English, French, German, Spanish, and Italian language and literature, of Latin, Greek, Hebrew, and the

Semitic languages and philology, of mathematics, chemistry and physics, geology and botany, history, political economy and psychology and ethics.

In other words, it is a sort of a summer university, and the corps of instructors number twenty-nine, including professors from several important colleges.

The instruction is by means of lectures and demonstrations.

There are also recitations, and those pupils who pass the final examinations receive certificates to that effect.

There are also schools of the English Bible, of Sunday school work, of music, of art and artistic work, of elocution and oratory, of photography, of cookery, of physical education, for teachers especially, and in many other minor and incidental subjects.

The total number of Chautauqua lecturers in the directory for the present session is sixty-seven;

and included among them are profound scholars, preachers, funny men, and Col. Elliott Fasthold Shepard, who is announced as "a prominent figure in social and political life, an advocate of the American

Sabbath."There are also to be various entertainments during the session; every day, and almost every hour of every day, being mapped out for its special work or pleasure.

For the expenses of maintenance taxes are collected at the gates.

The association receive a per- V centage on rents, hotels, and other privileges, and there are tuition fees in

THE CHAUTAUQUA SYSTEM.

a few of the institutions.

A day ticket costs twenty-five cents in July and forty cents in August, with a commutation for weekly, monthly, and season tickets.

The tuition fees range from $2.50 to $10.

The attandance reaches an average of many thousands daily.

But the most striking feature of the Chautauqua system is what is called its Literary and Scientific Circle.

This was establised for the purpose of directing home reading after a methodical plan.

A four-years'course of reading or home study is laid out, with prescribed subjects and text books, some of the books having been prepared especially for Chautauqua use.

It is arranged for men and women, not for boys and girls, the average age of the sixty thousand students now pursuing the course being probably about thirty- five years.

They are mostly in America, in all parts of the

Union, bjJl there are also some in Europe, in Japan, in other Asiatic countries, in Africa, and in distant islands.

The scheme of study is described as following to some extent the outline of the oldfashioned college course, but omitting mathematics entirely and not attempting to give a knowledge of ancient or modern languages.

Readers who desire further help to settle any questions that may arise in their minds, are aided by correspondence from headquarters and by articles in the Chatauquan, a monthly magazine, of which the circulation is stated at fifty thousand or more.

The course for the next four years is thus laid down:

1889-90.

1890-91.

Roman History.

English History.

Latin Literature.

English Literature.

Human Nature.

English Composition.

Political Economy.

Astronomy.

Art.

Geology.

Philosophy.

Pedagogy.

Physics.

Reading from French Physical Geography.

Literature.

Uses of Mathematics.

Social Questions.

Religious Literature.

Religious Literature.

1891-92.

1892-93.

History of the United Greek History.

States.

Greek Literature.

American Literature.

Greek Mythology.

Physiology and Hygiene Ancient Greek Life.

Philosophy of the Plan Circle of the Sciences.

of Salvation.

Zoology.

Readings from Wash- Chemistry.

ington Irving.

Philanthropy.

Classic German Course Religious Literature.

in English.

History of Mediaeval Church.

The books for 1889-90 are:

Outline History of Rome, Latin Literature.

Political Economy, Physics, How to Judge a Picture, the Bible in the Nineteenth Century.

The work is arranged with reference to at least five hours of study a week, but most of the pupils do far more; and among the sixty thousands now enrolled are mechanics,clerks,shop girls, teachers, farmers, ministers, lawyers, physicians, and especially many studious women.

Examinations are held by means of printed questions, and each student receives a diploma on completing the course, the diplomas already conferred reaching the great number of nearly fifteen thousand.

Anybody can enter the course on payment of the annual fee of fifty cents.

The text books cost about five dollars a year.

Attendance at the annual assembly at Chautauqua is advised as a stimulus to study, but it is not indispensible.

There are also fifteen other summer assemblies in difierent parts of the Union, and circles of readers are formed in many towns for discussions and comparisons of views.

That there is a widespread ambition for knowledge is amply attested in the success of this institution.

Even if the knowledge so acquired be somewhat superficial, there can be no doubt that the stimulus which the new system gives to studious habits is desirable, if by reason of it the students afe not diverted from their regular duties or made restless under limitations from which they cannot escape.

Were the sun of prosperity always to shine on us we should soon forget our Father's house—our inheritance above.

Four things come not back:

the spoken word, the sped arrow, the past life, the neglected opportunity.

THE

LINOTYPE.

When people talk about the marvels of printing and the changes wrought by recent improvements in the art, they generally forget that one branch of it has remained hitherto undeveloped.

The discovery of stereotyping and the perfection of the cylinder press, which cuts, folds and pastes and throws off the printed sheets faster than one can count, have revolutionized the industry within the memory of man.

Yet the problem of type-setting by machinery has resisted nearly every effort at solution, and the present, hand-compositor on a New York daily employs precisely the same methods to "set up"a special Centennial edition that Gutenberg used in his early essays at Strasburg four centuries ago.

In the fall of 1884, however, a new and wonderful instrument began to be talked about which would found and compose its own type.

This instrument was the Linotype, invented at Baltimore, Maryland, by Ottmar Mergenthaler, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany, who was born in 1854, learned the trade of a watchmaker, and came to this country in 1872.

Its conception was due primarily to Mr. James O. Clephane, a Washington stenographer, who has made writing and printing machines a hobby for over twenty years, and who, in 1876, employed the engineering firm of which Mr. Mergenthaler was a member to work from drawings by a Western inventor.

Mr.

Mergenthaler immediately discovered a singular aptitude for this kind of work, and began experimenting with various methods of casting type-bars from matrices made by indentations in soft material, and soon improved upon the crude device originally submitted to him.

His first idea took the form of a rotary machine, with keys for impressing female dies in a continuous strip of heavy paper, which was then cut into short lengths for adjustment as the matrix of an entire column or page.

This was superseded by a machine controlling a series of sliding bars, each bearing on one edge all the characters and spaces.

A key mechanism moved these bars endwise so as to bring a selected character on any other, and thus form the matrix of a complete line for casting.

It was not until 1880 that a complete change of system was made, and not until 1884 that the machine was finally completed which, in its perfected form, marks such a signal advance over all its predecessors.

In appearance the Linotype has been, not inaptly, likened to an upright piano.

It is about five feet long, five feet high, and three feet broad.

The most conspicuous objects supported by a heavy iron base are a typewriter keyboard and a series of vertical flattened tubes.

Each of these tubes or magazines contains a number of short strips of brass, having the mould for a particular character stamped in the further edge.

The bottom strip or "matrix"in each tube rests in a slot at the end of the corresponding key; and when this key is depressed, the matrix at once drops in an upright position into a groove or channel, sloping above the keyboard from right to left.

A powerful air-blast instantly forces the matrix along a wire which maintains it in its upright position to the lower end of the groove, and here two metalic fingers, working automatically, push it out into full view upon a horizontal slide; and as it is marked on the outer edge with the letter it represents, the operator can correct his work as he goes along.

When all the matrices of a word are assembled on the slide, a touch on a particular key brings down a long, thin wedge-shaped strip or "space-band."The thicker end of this wedge hangs below the matrices, just over a metal plate, so that when the line is finished the automatic raising of this plate will push the space-bands upward through the line until the different words are all equally divided, and thus the nice process of "justification"is accomplished at a single stroke.

The first step is now finished.

The line is ready to be cast.

But the operator simply moves a lever and goes on with his work at the keys, leaving the machine to do the rest.

And it does it quickly and well.

As the lever moves,

THE LINOTYPE.

the space-bands spread the words, a pair of clamps seize the line of matrices, remove them from the slide and press them against the face of a vertical disk.

Extending horizontally through this disk is a narrow opening or slot, of the exact length of the required type-bar;

behind it, a small gas furnace keeps a pot-full of type metal constantly at liquid heat;

and while the moulded edges of the matrices are held against the disk, an automatic force-pump throws out a jet of molten metal through the slot.

In an instant a block is formed, of the size and shape of an ordinary line of types, bearing on its face in relief the letters corresponding to the line of matrices.

The disk then makes half a turn; the bar meets a pair of automatic knives which trim it square, and the next moment it is pushed out, solid but still warm, at the bottom of a galley standing on end against the machine at the operator's left.

But now a series of even more ingenious operations is performed.

Each of the matrices which have just been used must be restored to the tube from which it originally came, and in effecting this the machine displays an almost more than human intelligence.

An operator intrusted to perform such a task by hand would first pick out the different sorts, then carefully compare them with the tubes, and finally use dexterity in placing them where they belonged. Not so the machine.

As soon as a line is cast, it simply withdraws the matrices from their position against the disks and lifts them by automatic carriers to the top of the machine.

Here they encounter a sort of endless railroad, or belt, fitted with hanging loops, which catch them up and travel with them from left to right above the tops of the tubes.

The tops of the matrices are cut in the shape of a V, the inner edges of this V being notched in such a manner that all the matrices of the same character are alike, and different from those of any other.

As the belt moves along, these V's closely hug a stationary bar placed between the loops, and fitted with an arrangement of fine ridges, which differs over every tube.

These ridges correspond with the notches in the different V's, in such a way that when a matrix is brought exactly above the tube to which it belongs, it no longer engages any ridges on the bar, the loop ceases to sustain it, and it falls at once into place, ready to be used again.

To guard against possible mishaps, the distributing bar is connected with wires from a battery, by means of which the premature dropping of a matrix closes an electric circuit and stops the carrier belt.

The capacity of the machine in the hands of a competent operator is from three to five thousand ems per hour, and six weeks are generally sufficient for a person of average intelligence to learn to attain this speed.

Its other merits are obvious.

It cannot "pi,"does not destroy or scatter type, involves no waste, and furnishes a constant supply of new characters. No foreman with experience of the two systems would hesitate for a moment to declare in its favor 4

The proofs are cleaner, and corrections more quickly made, and the product is more easily handled for the make up.

Late copy, brought in half an hour before the paper goes to press, can be given out in much longer "takes,"and the operator, having a continuous story before him, instead of a mere fragment, loses less time over doubtful words.

The difficulty of "beginning and ending even"is moreover greatly diminished, while "pigeon- holes"—the wide blanks caused by hurried spacing—cannot possibly occur.

The men themselves soon learn to prefer a style of employment which keeps them comfortably seated before a keyboard instead of requiring them to stand all night at the case.

The copy is brought much nearer the eye a genuine boom to a short sighted "typo,"—the hands make fewer motions, the arm is never cramped from holding a composing-stick in one position for hours at a time, and the tedious and unprofitable labor of distribution is entirely done away with, and if any conservative old fogy wants proof of the greater neatness of the work under the

THE LINOTYPE.

new conditions, a glance at the Tribune's clear, clean columns and their accurate alignment and almost perfect spacing will supply it.

Editorials, news dispatches, city articles, market reports, literary matter and those "little advertisements of the people"which occupy a constantly increasing space in these pages, are all composed by the linotype machines:

and only the stock and bond tables, the little court calendar, the heavy display type in the advertisements and the large pica headlines give employment to the four men still at the case.

For the small capitals a machine is already built, and a clever operator turns out tabulated matter where no rules are involved about three times as quickly as by manual composition.

With only twenty-eight to thirty-four machines—the number found equal to the demands of any night, excepting that of the large Sunday paper the operators these employ, the machinist who keeps them in order, the foreman and those at the case and make-up, the Tribune accomplishes what under other conditions wotftd require the services of over one hundred men;

and nothing stronger can be said in favor of the machine than this.

Copy for a special trial was prepared in advance and continuously supplied to the operators during the week ending April ioth, so that for every one of the eight hours of each of six working days, every man was steadily employed.

The result, in spite of short waits caused by stoppages of the machinery (which had not been specially adjusted for the trial) was sufficiently startling.

It showed that thirty-three operators in forty eight hours had produced the large aggregate of four million five hundred and fiftyseven thousand three hundred ems of corrected matter, or an average of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand one hundred ems each;

in other words, that the work of one man in one thousand five hundred and eighty-four hours on the machine equalled the work of one man during three thousand and thirty-nine and sixteen-thirty-ninths hours at the case, and this at a cost for actual composition of only fifteen cents, four mills.

Including the time necessary for distribution, the total number of hours occupied by the hand workers would amount to something like four thousand and fifty-two;

so that the machine increased every man's capacity more than two-and-a-half times, and re"duced the cost of his labor to less than one-third of the usual sum.

It should be borne in mind that this result was attained without any extra exertion on the part of the operators, or any effort for a spurt of speed. ***** In book work the advantages of the machine are indeed specially marked, since it produces with ordinary effort the superior quality of work which involves extra care and, therefore, extra expense when done by hand.

But its most striking achievements so far have been in the exacting field of the daily newspaper.

It has added to the wonderful mechanical resources which make possible the production every few hours of huge broadsides and big editions.

It promises to do for the composing-room what Frederick

Koeneg's steam-press and Robert Hoe's cylinders have done for the press-room;

and an enterprising editor can as well afford to neglect it as neglect those valuable devices for the successful duplication of the printed sheet.

New York Tribune.

The one who fully believes the inspiration of the Bible, has an unerring standto stand upon.

A curiously considerate invention has been produced by a Frenchman in the shape of a noiseless clock, for use more especially in sick-rooms.

In place of the usual pendulum the hands are set in motion by the unrolling of a chain, the end of which is fastened to a buoy floating in a tank of liquid.

This fluid escapes at a uniform rate, and can be utilized to feed a lamp wick, thus giving the apparatus the double character of clock and lamp.

When the lamp is lighted, the necessary diminution of liquid takes place by combustion, at other times by carefully regulated dropping.

TWO

MEETINGS.

Love met me on a day, And Love was weeping;

"Why weep, sweet Love?"I said;

He drooped his golden head, Saying: "For Love's decay, For hearts that are old and dead, 111 worth the keeping."But while he spoke I spied A wicked arrow peeping From the quiver at his side, And when I stooped to kiss him,

Before I could caress him, He seized the tiny dart, And threw it at my heart;

Then, like a lark in May, Fluttered and flew away.

II.

Love met us on a day, And love was gay:

"Well met, sweet Love,"we said

He tossed his golden head Like a little child in play;

He said, "O happy dayl For not all hearts are dead, Not all are old and cold;

Smart cancels smart When heart to heart My silver chains enfold.

I wept,"he said, "for loves not true;

I smile,"he said, "for you and you"

Then, lisping out some tender word,

And looking up and laughing low,

He snatched the bowstring from his bow,

And bound us with the silver cord;

Nor ever shall the sad fates sever

The twain that Love made one forever.

—George Cotterell in the Argosy.

THE DEAR OLD GARDEN.

My dear old garden!

still I call it mine;

And mine it is, for in its grateful shade Of ev'ry tree, and shrub, and flow'ring vine,

My children and my children's children play'd.

Round these my aching heart instinctive clings, And they to me are sweet and tender things.

Under those trees I've sauntered to and fro,

In search of hidden gems of precious thought,

Perchance some wayward fancies all aglow

Have been in chains of measur'd rhythm caught, For rustling leaves, and sighing boughs have stirred The depths of love, no living voice hath heard.

And here young lovers, plighted vows have given,

And sealed them with the first fond ling'ring kiss, That hallows love, and makes earth seem a heav'n, A sweet enchanted dream of rapt'rous bliss

When two pure hearts, in confidence and truth,

Unite their joys and hopes in early youth.

These trees and shrubs, and ev'ry bush and vine,

We've watched from tiniest seed and stem;

Why then should I not always call them mine?

For in my heart of hearts I treasure them.

No matter how neglected now they be

They were a part of my home-life to me.

Yes, I remember sitting there so well,

With baby in my arms and children round;

And a sweet peace hung o'er me like a spell,

While the white blossoms fluttered to the ground;

For the young apple trees were just in bloom,

And we were breathing in their sweet perfume.

O, how the childish voices loud and clear,

Rang out in laughter and in merry song;

No wonder that to me the place is dear,

To which so many memories belong, 0, would those days but come to me again 'Twould ease my heart of all this racking pain.

O, little ones, 'mong the long tangled grass,

Where buttercups and clover nestled down;

Or like a shadow flitting as you pass,

To gather hollyhocks in "silken gown."

Or pull the morning glories from the vine

Which gaily round the fav'rite tree entwine.

And honey suckles fragrant were and fair,

And on them humming birds swungto and fro.

But something fairer, sweeter still was there;

A little maiden, singing soft and low;

O, that melodious voice we hear no more,

Save in our dreams, it echoes o'er and o'er.

My garden! when the world was dark and cold,

And troubles gathered thickly round my way;

I wander'd there my feelings to unfold, 'Twas there I knelt upon the ground to pray.

In that old garden thro'the maze of years

I scan life's pages blur'd with mists of tears.

Emtneline B.

Wells.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, August, 1889.

THE SHAH OF PERSIA.

Now and then during July a telegram would reach the west concerning the brilliant features of the Prince of Wales'entertainment of the Shah of Persia.

Only few, probably, paid any attention to the facts, yet his visit is an occasion which has great significance in the progress of the dreaming, sleeping, conservative East, and which has marked an important event in the development which points to the adoption of European or western civilization in the land of the Arabian Nights.

Standing in the Holy Land, Persia lies directly east of, and beyond, the rivers Euphrates and Tigris, a land whose inhabitants played an important part in the early history of the world.

Nasru'd-Din, Shah, is considered the wisest and most progressive Persian.

At midnight on the twentieth of October, 1848, when he was only nineteen years of age, he was crowned King of Persia.

A stirring period of six or seven weeks passed between his coronation and the death of his predecessor.

Since then the chief events of his long reign have been the insurrection in Keurasan, in 1850; the insurrection and persecution of the Babis;

and the war with England, in 1857.

With the exception of this trouble with

England, Persia has remained at peace with the nations of Europe, the Shah having been careful to avoid irritating the

Czars, retaining the councils of Russia, but at the same time allowing English ideas to dominate in his regulation of the development of commerce with Europe, and in the establishment of railways, telegraph lines, a system of postal routes, and various financial reforms.

The population which declined under his predecessors has increased during his reign notwithstanding the famine and pestilence which at times has prevailed.

Sixteen years ago, 1873, ne visited England, and six years later, 1879, ne went to Russia, Germany, France and Austria.

He returned after these visits greatly impressed and influenced with his observations, which actuated him to many practical reforms especially in his government.

He established a council, with advisory powers, to which he referred various projects for improving the condition of his subjects. He has, however, retained absolute sovereignty, but at the same time has modernized his ancient realm by introducing imperial coinage, establishing postal routes, forming an army on European lines, granting franchises for ten thousand miles of telegraph wires, and several railways, reorganizing the financial system, simplifying taxation, and rearranging the conditions of local administration.

In all these changes the Shah's adroit diplomacy leads him to avoid offending the

Russian Czar, who occupies the gateway of his dominion, but at the same time he is disposed to favor the projects of English capitalists to develope the commercial resources of Persia.

His visit, again, to England is likely to result in many progressive enterprises, in the advancement of which, however, he will prudently refrain from doing ought that will excite resentment in St. Petersburg.

England has feasted him, stared at him, spent thousands of pounds in taking care of him.

He has been taken under the royal wing of the Prince of Wales who has shown him all the magnificence and hospitality of England with a view to dazzle his eastern majesty.

The Shah is said to take all this with marvelous coolness, and appears dressed in such style as to almost dazzle England. On one occasion, when he visited the opera, the clothes and ornaments he wore represented more than a million dollars.

The Shah, doubtless, is one of the most enlightened of eastern despots, and history will record his reign as the beginning of a new era in Persia.

THE PANAMA CANAL.

The difficulty in regard to the Panama

Canal will scarcely be relieved by the

EDITORIAL.

passage of the Panama Relief Bill, which recently received the sanction of the French Chamber of Deputies.

This bill authorizes the receiver of the bankrupt company to borrow money to keep the works and plant in repair.

By issuing lottery bonds, now remaining as assets of the company, this new indebtedness is to be secured.

It is difficult to see how Paris financiers could be induced to give anything for these bonds—even five dollars on the hundred which they are now said to be selling for—unless they supposed that a government guarantee would ultimately be forthcoming.

It is this interference, guarantee or assistance by the French government that the United States objects to, and which the government protests against in the recent Edmunds resolution.

The State Department and Congress take these grounds:

the French government must not give any aid to the enterprise whether under the form of money or of credit.

If the waterway can be cut by the efforts of private capitalists, Americans would look upon the achievement as all right, but the United States are bound to resist any act of the French government which would naturally lead to the political control of the American isthmus.

The bestowal of a guarantee by the French government on the Panama securities is a threat against the Monroe doctrine, and should such a thing occur, our present newspaper minister to France, Mr. Whitelaw Reid, will have more important business on his hands than has fallen to the lot of any minister to Paris since the return of Mr.

Washburne.

NATIONAL IRRIGATION.

The subject of water is just now agitating all people in this region, and it is also receiving attention in other quarters.

Vast irrigation schemes, canals and immense reservoirs are not being talked of alone in Utah.

It has been satisfactorily demonstrated that barren lands of huge extent in all parts of the west can be completely regenerated by artificial supplies of moisture.

Nor is it to be supposed that there are mechanical difficulties of original construction which engineering skill is not competent to overcome.

There can be no doubt whatever that millions of persons could be comfortably supported west of the Mississippi from soil that is now agriculturally valueless, through the storage and distribution of water that now goes to waste.

Operations of such magnitude, however, are not likely to be attempted by private resources, and the redemption of the wilderness, if it is to be accomplished in any other way than by the gradual progress of successive generations, it is argued by some, must be undertaken by the Government.

Others entertain a strong aversion to national investments in any enterprise notwithstanding the Pacific railroads have been of incalculable financial and social benefit to the west.

But there remains this problem to be solved:

the obstacles to and dangers of storing large quantities of water in artificial bodies are almost insurmountable, and even if the government should in time decide to spend millions for water in reclaiming the western deserts, this question would still remain unsolved.

It is so important that no light which discussion and experience can bring about should be prevented from shedding its ray upon the subject.

The green two-cent stamp is about to go, and it will give place to a carmine or metalic red stamp.

Two sizes are in contemplation—one the same as now in use—the other smaller.

If the smaller shall be decided upon by the Postmaster-general, carmine will be the color.

The saving in size will be expended in giving the stamp a better color than metalic red which was the color of that which preceeded the green two-cent stamp now in use.

At Chautauqua some days ago Prof.

H. B. Adams gave a notable lecture on "The heroes of our own times."He contended that the heroic age was not past as some would make believe.

As notable instances of the heroic in com-

THE FREEDOM OF OBEDIENCE.

mon life he spoke of Daniel Periton galloping down the Conemaugh valley with the news that the dam had burst; and the young woman operator, staying at her post in the telegraph tower until the flood washed everything away;

Captain Murrell, of the steamship Missouri, rescuing a whole ship-load of human beings from certain death in mid-ocean; of the Trenton's crew cheering the British ship Calliope as she steamed out of the harbor of Apia; and of Father Damien, shutting himself up to die among the detested lepers on the island of Molokai.

He thought that the whole philosophy of modern heroism was governed by charity.

The Samoan Conference, lately concluded in Berlin, resulted satisfactorily to the United States who will now have full control of the important coaling station on the Samoan Islands; so it is generally considered, although the exact terms of the treaty will not be made known until the Senate meets next December.

But the benefits that will accrue to the commercial interests of our country, and the fact that the United States have been recognized as a power greatly respected among the nations of Europe, are not alone the results brought about by the Samoan conference.

This is the first instance in Europe where a diplomatic conference has been carried on exclusively in the English tongue, and points to the time when English is to be the language of the world.

Latin for centuries was the language of literature and diplomacy.

Bacon, Milton and other writers composed their works in Latin and held English as a provincial tongue.

It is said that all mediaeval treaties were drawn up in Latin.

Napoleon overthrew this long established custom.

Since the treaty of Vienna, which was in French, the European powers up to the present time have used French as the neutral language of international negotiations.

The Samoan conference was opened in this language, but by vote was changed to English, and we may well say that this marks the beginning of the end of Latin and French as the diplomatic languages of the world.

Say what is well and do what is better.

THE FREEDOM OF OBEDIENCE.

"Order is heaven's first law,"says the poet.

It is not so.

Order is not heaven's first law but the result of heaven's first law—obedience.

Once in that happy realm of our pre-existence did ugly disobedience raise his discordant head, and for a time banished chaos re-entered the heavenly portals, leaving her hideous tracks of ruin and confusion where peace and union had reigned as supreme and universal as the light of eternal day.

But only for a brief season.

Now in the dark abode of the damned, and on the mortal, the uncompleted dominions of our Father, they still hold sway—sullen disobedience and chaos, his deformed offspring.

Obedience is freedom.

Who lhat has studied the harmonies of Nature can doubt this?

"Free as the rippling brook and the singing birds"—are not these favorite similes m every tongue?

But why is the brook free?

Is it not because it obeys the law of gravitation because it does not try to run up hill?

Why are the birds emblematic of liberty?

Is it not because they obey—obey the

God-implanted instinct to sing His praises the live-long day?

Can there be found in the whole universe, from the tiniest diatom under the microscope to the mightiest orb in space, a single organism whose very existence does not depend on obedience to the law of its being? And must our glorious sun be considered a slave because from day to day, year to year, age to age, he brings to the world heat and health, light and life?

Alas! what would become of this small ant-bed of the solar system if

THE MODERN USES OF PHOTOGRAPHY.

each mighty sun should become a law unto itself.

What an awful, what a sublime spectacle of chaos would that be were all the stars and constellations to run riot among each other.

And are they.figuratively speaking, slaves, because each performs, in time and season, his task in the great machinery of the universe?

Does not obedience make them free?

Obedience is union.

Where is the society, however just and beneficent its object, the government, however perfect its laws, the church, however divine its precepts, that can exist a single day without obedience on the part of its members?

Disobedience is only another name for anarchy.

Obedience is the law of eternal progress. Granted that in order to develope any faculty, whether physical, mental, moral, or religious, it is necessary properly to exercise it.

But what is exercise but another name for obedience—obedience to the law of development.

Is a man a natural liar?

Let him obey this law constantly and he will be cured:

"Thou shalt not lie."Is he a kleptomaniac?

"Thou shalt not steal,"will make him an honest man if he will obey it a life time.

To obey is to progress, to disobey, retrogade.

Obedience is godliness.

God is God because he has learned perfect obedience to perfect laws, and man, the God in embryo, will attain to the same perfection by the same means.

Prove that God is not omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent, all-truthful, all-just, all- merciful, all loving, or that in any of his creations or awards, He does not ace in accordance with these eternal laws of the Godhead, and by the same argument you prove that He is not God.

But it is only obedience to truth that will in the eternities to come place man in the realm of perfected beings.

But knowing that truth, let us be assured that nothing but obedience will make us perfect as our Father is perfect.

Let us not, then, young men and young women of Israel, be ashamed of obedience either to the principles of our holy religion, or to the counsels of those whom God has placed over us.

But let us not obey blindly.

To obey blindly is not to be in possession of the spirit of God, enjoining obedience;

for God will never make a requirement of us that he will not also show us by His spirit is right and just, if we live so as to merit such confidence.

And let us brand that man as fool or knave who prates about obedience as something ignoble and slavish.

Satan is the first and greatest prototype of this class of beings, and if his fate does not fall to their lot, it will not be because their teaching differs from his, but because of their insignificance, and because they do not put in practice their theories.

That man alone is free who has learned life's duty and performs it as willingly and cheerfully as the bird that warbles in the tree.

N. L. Nelson.

One of the first steps to be taken, if you would have a character that will stand by you in life and in death, is to fortify your mind with fixed principles.

The earlier in life you settle your principles, the firmer, more mature, more influential, will be your character.

THE MODERN USES OF PHOTOGRAPHY.

The uses to which photography is being put in this year 1889 can hardly be told.

Its value in illustration is well known to all.

Here it has helped popularize artistic work, and cheapen the cost of its production to a surprising extent.

Now but a few hours need pass before the thought of the artist is made the joy of the reader, drawing, photographic copy, relief plate, and printing following one another with nineteenthcentury speed.

From the coarse outline of the newspaper "cut"to the wonderful reproduction of paintings by the photogravure process we mount on stepping-stones of victorious achieve-

39» THE MODERN USES OF PHOTOGRAPHY.

ments in photography, made to serve with reliable accuracy the common and the elevated, the political cartoon and the Edition de luxe.

The reproductions in color of the works of aquarellistes are imitatively deceptive, and their educational influence of incalculable value.

The uses to which science has put photography are very numerous, from records of the infinitely little to the infinitely great, from microscopy, which deals with the invisible, to the vastness of astronomical wonders.

The latest contributions to our knowledge of the sun, moon, and stars made by photographs taken by the aid of the powerful telescope at the Lick Observatory strongly contrast with the researches into the invisible world of nature revealed through the microscope.

Dr.

Draper made the first daguerreotype of the moon in 1840; Foucault of Paris first succeeded in making a picture of the sun in 1845; and it was 1850 before Professor Bond, of Harvard College, made the first daguerreotype of a star.

In 1851, Dr.

Busch, of Koenigsberg, photographed a solar eclipse.

Two scientists, Professor Schuster and Mr.

Lockyer, in 1882 obtained a photograph of the spectrum of the eclipsed sun.

In 1881 Dr. Henry Draper had successfully photographed a nebula, and later the spectrum of a star.

Even the aurora borealis has been photographed this year.

In connection with the study of spectrum analysis, photography has played a most important part, for it has recorded lines not visible to the naked eye—lines revealed only by the photograph in that part of the spectrum in the violet and lavender regions, and even beyond, where all is dark to us.

In the study of stars by this procedure we learn how some are like our sun, others glowing masses of matter just beginning to burn, and still others nearly burned out, like Arcturus and Aldebaran.

We marvel, when we think how feeble seems the light of the stars, to learn that only as much light as can come through a slit one-three hundred and fiftieth of an inch is permitted to effect the sensitive plate.

Again, the movement of the earth would in the two hours required to form an image soon carry the light of the plate were there not ingenious mechanical apparatus by which the image is always kept at the same place on the plate.

And now photography is not only used for mapping out the known heavens, but the camera reveals to us the presence of stars which the human eye has not seen.

For many years Miss Maria Mitchell and her assistants have photographed the ever- changing sun spots.

Astronomers from all over the world have met in Paris and arranged a plan for using photography to obtain a picture of the entire heavens.

Cameras will be set up in numbers of observatories in many countries, and many negatives made of the entire contents of the universe.

It is proposed to catalogue two millions of the brightest stars and note their position with great precision, as until such maps exist many other astronomical problems cannot be solved. We know, for instance, that our sun with its planetary system is voyaging through space.

These charts will help determine the route and circumstances of the journey.

In war photography has been used since the English made pictures in the Crimea.

Balloon photography has become quite an art.

Balloons are said to be perfectly safe from rifle or artillery fire if seven hundred yards above the ground.

Electricity is made to play its part in exposing the plate in the camera attached to the balloon.

During the Franco-Prussian war and the siege of Paris small photographic copies of valuable documents and daily papers were made and rolled into quills, which were fastened to carrier-pigeons, and thus taken to their destination without the lines.

The Eiffel Tower in Paris has been offered Professor Marey to enable him to make studies in photography of birds in flight, and very instructive results are anticipated.

Many will remember the picture of the experiment at Willett's Point when the

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

donkey's head was blown off by the use of dynamite, but the picture was taken before the body fell.

Both in our army and navy photographic outfits are furnished, and some of our officers ha^e become very expert.

Photography may be applied to surveying, as Lieutenant Reed, of the United States army, has described.

It may also serve for studies in meteorology.

Photographing rifle-bullets and cannonballs in motion has become an everyday matter, but a novel experiment is said to have been made not long since by

Prof. Treeson, in Berlin, who arranged within a cannon-ball a sort of camera which recorded the character of its flight.

A tiny pin-hole admitted light, and a sensitive plate within the ball recorded the twists and turns of the projectile in its passage through the air.

The gun was fired point-blank at the sun, which sent a beam upon the plate, recording itself as a point, but as the ball swerved more away from the sun a spiral line was formed and marked upon the plate.—/.

Wells Champney, in Harper''s Magazine.

The India rubber tree in civilized countries is the most useful tree;

also bamboo in southern Asia, as it furnishes the natives everything they need.

At Gazepoor, on the Ganges, thousands of acres are planted with roses, from which the famous Attar of Roses is produced.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

There are thirty-two Stakes of Zion.

Reports have been received from thirty, in which there are three hundred and seven improvement associations reported, sixty not reported, making the total number of associations in the stakes reported three hundred and sixty-seven.

In the two stakes not reported there are twenty-seven associations making the total of associations in existence three hundred and ninety- four.

There are twelve thousand seven hundred and sixty-five members in the thirty stakes reported, and in the two not reported five hundred and ninetysix, which, together with the average membership of the sixty associations not reported, makes a grand total of fifteen thousand seven hundred and sixty one members.

The increase has been one thousand four hundred and thirty-eight;

the average attendence in those reported has been upwards of fifty-two per cent.

The report shows a tendency to conjoint sessions. The grand total of exercises, amounting to twentyfive thousand, four hundred and twentyone, is something which shows forcibly the magnitude of the work done by the active members. The names of the presidents at the close of the season were as follows:

Bannock, Edward Paul;

Bear Lake J. G. Kimball; Beaver, R. Maeser; Box Elder, Charles Kelley;

Cache, Lyman R.

Martineau;

Cassia, Edw.

T.

Hoagland; Davis, J. H. Wilcox; Emery, J. E.

Johnson; Juab, Adelbert Cazier; Kanab,

Geo.

C.

Naegle;

Maricopa, James F.

Johnson;

Millard, F. A Robison; Morgan, W. G. Brough; Malad, Samuel D.

Davis; Oneida, Charles England;

Panguitch, Wm. P. Sargent; Parowan, Chas.

Heyborne; Salt Lake, Joseph H.

Felt;

San Luis, A.

R. Smith; Sanpete, John F.

Allred;

St.

Joseph, W.

J.

Packer;

Sevier, Reuben R. Fans worth;

St. Johns, W. E. Piatt; Summit, F. W.

Marchant;

Snowflake, Smith D. Rogers; San Juan,

Charles E. Walton;

St.

George, Edw, H. Snow; Tooele, Samuel E. Woolley;

Uintah, Philip Stringham; Utah, George

H. Brimhall; Wasatch, James H. Moulton; Weber, Edw. H. Anderson.

At the Maricopa, Arizona, Stake conference of the Y.

M.

M.

I.

A., held in June, Superintendent Jas.

F.

Johnson was honorably released from acting in that capacity, and the following stake organization was effected:

John D.

Rogers, president;

David T.

Hibbert and Wallace A.

MacDonald, counselors.

CT> CO >» d5 c -3c CD OS <x> a X/iS "oo C/) C/J<—c s CD>o q.

S 3s c a>S o c O CD '-O a.

CD oc.22 Zn 2;

§ x—on •s.i\.sS in.)}) on W°l P0W£) •WOl •BDSIOJOX^ |U.N-li |\ '(101)11UlUpOfl s w:sv.| •snoi^sanf) •8oiuoim)S9x wi •sno3un[[oog(i?

I0A1!JX •aoo Aij pun n»!);iOcl pjcnqdiuSoig -oui)ii9ps COrH rH rHrH—

-I-.-'- C1C0 i- 1-:ij>::i30i.-»:-.i-,„-.,-_, OS n m I- CO © rH m CM I-H M H * 1» CI H rt i ".

i-H CO rH 1 CO rH CO I - CI O r-< (VI CI rflOH(l)HNl1HCOH t>(MlOflMI-Hn I- I ~ CM t- © CO 85 9n01'''l-7)«0*iOO/:i-::':'.::

.

——-.,_•-- h«h4;i to tx c-i HtONHWOirtOitiM h:-,:i ci; c « rH rH CO rH r-l i-l m © co c co © m r:> - z tMNOat »* m co h* rH r-l CO CO i-n CM rH I f Z -r I I—

.-.

I CO r-1 i-H r-l CO I- NO'»ooio««oort*c<)a)3i--a'M-i'»ai'ti-.--;

v:

INCOHNNHOOt-H tOMNIOOHH © •* CO 25 CM in CO ** ©.- c i cr co r--i ti © ci o '-.

i- --< o co ci.".

-t.-. ci CO CO CI tO -H« © "* >0 CO rH CI CI O >Q CI O © r- CM rH *JI © in t rH CI CI 4 COr-l HHCCWH Til CIr-irH ) P m o © co -* i © CO r-l -r co -» i-H CI CI "01 j co t- co ci co m co X © ci x i- ci i.t.a i- -h- >-.

<-~ co © i- i r -* © h icjN'iioH'CK/iQO'r. ^lOiOrtOHOtooocn xiCin /joiii-ihxo i cm tOHrt^CI HCIHinMHCO CO COi-ICMi-h CM m rH CO t~ r-l CM r-l rH C-l t~-*©l-©CM©t~inin©rH-X © t- © © OOCOHI-t^'trl-f-, « t~< 00 00 to C-l CM i-H Tjl CM CO CO CO -* © CO CO © CO X 'O CI in © CO CI i.O X cococMrHt-cocomeo n h to h ao i- « t- c. co co co -* i- © *•

-i« to CM • CO |H CO Tji 00 -H C-l CI CI rH lO rH CI i.O CI CD m -* CO 'S CO CCm-*00CM-*OCM CO COOOOOmOCMiOCOCMlHlHOCMO-* lO CM i-H CIlOHl- '(tniJOfsiH •TtIO O'CtDHHM^ClCCtDHOCCifluCiX^HClMOW

COQOCOICMC-lt^rH rH rHiHO r-* r* *£} i* CO C-l «* lO -r X> CC O U-C 00 CM C-l CO (N CI C7i t~ CO CO CO CI r^ rH rH t- r-* CO *H* CO

IT3 CO CO CM CM CO CO CM t- CI 00 I lUUU^OOQ t-NHCMH C-lCMOrHrHrHCOCMCi •ajo^sijj ipjniio aoo 7:>oa uouuojv jo ^oog •^uaiu-B^sax awia •pa^aidmoo sjaqui8[i{ uiapi33^j sjaqmaif y J -k S)8S •sjadBd )duosnui3n •3nii!^ r^r-i CO CO CO CM rH rH CO 4 Hjl rH CO CM t- O I t- I-H rH I CO IH-*HHtOH-VHIN i-HrH iHCO ) CO rH t- Gi rH CO rH CM CO MHCIClNil t^X NiriOlOt-HCOCO] CMCMCOOC i-H CMCOrHl-HCS i - -r. c i:c 'J ^ r. to OOH*COOOt-HCMOC-l©OOOi*CMCOi-H© ^NHClQ0Ht*lOH CI * lO 00 111 CC iC • aCHt^ONt-ClOONHHCl I CM CO -* Tjl rH CO© ©COrH rH CO C-l ©i in © CO C-1 rH CM hJI c-i-*o©c-i©miji i-hi i-HCOCMrH CO COrH lOHjiint i in co in -* i OCOt^HHOClCOHi -* 00 1~ © CO © rH t- I-H CO rH ©L—COCOrH©rHHii mt^ in in O iC O O O O O O ffl O O O O O ifi O id t- lC in C - 'C ^ r. O O O i rH 12 S o * © © oi in © © oo © © © o o m * cm © t- i^ o © co o © © © cm co©©c-)mrHco-^iin-*t-~ini Hji©©inrHTHGO©COCOCOCOi CO CM •* 00 in rH rH rH CO pappy co en rii^intDHHiiiO-*!- in i-H cm cot-©©t*co ©co in© co rH coScMrHrHrt CMCOm OrHCMC-l I-HrH ©i-HCOJ •satauiqti •suoissik no sj9qra9H •* © co © •* ©©CMin©r-imrH©mt~j*-*t~ FTcTsocm co jm •* ^j •saaoiflo -S 2? '0 jo SQISIA -. a ci rn"m © © rH © m co m cm cm eg © ® oo rH to 5; ©

COCM CM r-l CMrHi-HCOrHrHi—IrH • © 00 CM CO T © © i-H rH "* aouaaajuoQ itJiauuv-ruisS'P8IlId[ s),ddv XwuoiBBru 'TOox ir-ir-l©COCO©©-^irHt^in-H>-*cr. l^ t^ O © © Cl CI -3"© '-~ CI in CO i to l~ 00 S W § SS3 S * t- 10 O O m 1- t- c-i o 00 r m © » © ci

C-l m rHrH i-HrH CMrHrHrH CM <M r-f f-i f~* rHl^rH© rHi-HCMCMCMCMCMi-l rH CM CM CM CM CM rH CM CM CM CM CM rH CM CM CM I •80U8J9JU00 )3U)8!Q •ea^xa •)UlOf GinSa>i •saaqiuajif )ou ft J3A0 uq-jh Suno\ •30UUpU8))V 9#CI9AV •9ST39J0UJ •SJ9qui9jt r-t 1^ © © CMdCOCOrHCOm IS 1^ 1 rH CM © CO CO I IS mrHr^cOOa3CMCO©<N-*i*©©OOL-- XOt-Cl»HONOH I- 1- © ©

MOH™« HNWHMiOH CO©-M00rH©CM COrHrH.-COCl C-l C-l C-l © iC t—© © rH CO C-l rH o ci X ©—

I f X l—x © m CO c © © -» S oo co o o Kt- 'S eo * * ao o> coos co to oo cm eq 10 -vnw*- *- co 3 eg <o * rHi-iC-l-^li-HrH r-i r-i Oi r-t r-i r-t i-HinCM 00HJO00 00C1 r-l O CM Td © O © »F T i"~ Xj:C rH 1- © CO © in © CO --v ZH 3t --V _r ^a Zl a^ r.i hh rt M l- in M i-?-i ro l_ _H rt f*—i:S rH CM rH in © cm r* in cm in to en- h IH CM CM i-H rH «< CM minintDiOMOC-iNHtOHtot^ot^Nir;

u-. © h in -r © oo in fh x co «n rHCOCOm I-HrH i-H CMrH in CO CM r-t CM©rH-^i r-i in co © ifl b» © © i-H -* © c-i -hji r^ t r-i CO i-H i-H •>* CM X CO rH CM CO IrHCMrHOO©©-^!

h*Ii-hh*i (N t--HHN rH in rH Hfl O CM H(l MNinNHC-1 >i-HC0©00CMH»iCO©rHC000C0lO...

t~i © © t~ r~t co © © t- © co © © x ci -^ t^ co co ci in rH CM CM i-H i-H CM rH rH CO CM CM X rH in rH CO rH CO rH

CO CO CI © •suorjupossv t-©Hi<-*coeocooDcocoeot-©CN!©° CM rH Cl i-1 rticocOHjioocimcox©©-^ IS—_'a Or3 XI.—

3 T! S 9

Boston.

St. Louis.

Minneapolis.

Omaha.

Bemis Omaha Bag Co.

BaMap Importers, Sag fl}ana¥aetat*et*s and Dealers.

Bemis Building, 11th Street Viaduct,

Omaha, ^eb.

kingsfords Oswego Starch "Pure"and Silver Gloss And Corn Starch FOR THE LAUNDRY.

FOR THE TABLE.

ABSOLUTELY T*TJI£E XIV QUALITY DAGtc TESTIMONIALS.

QUICKEST & BEST SOLD BY ALL Wholesale and Retail Grocers E. W. CILLETT, MTr, CHICAGO, ILL.

I have used Magic Yeast successtuny lor several vears.

"Mmakes good, sweet bread and is always ready for use.

Mrs. S.[M. Tribe.

Salt Lake„City, Utah.

Magic Yeast is more convenient than any I ever used, It does not sour in the summer, and makes light, white bread.

Mrs. H. C. Wells.

I have tried Magic Yeast and it works like magic, making nicev light bread.

It is the universal veidiet of Bakprs ana good HousekeepJrs j ers that Magic Yeast is the best.

Ogden, Utah

^Liverpool & London & Globe)* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.^ Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston,

Income in the United States..1888,

Expenditures in the United States, 1888, $4,500,000.00 4, 166,026.00 3.554.396.oo CHICAGO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

JOHN CRERAR. of Crerar, Adams & Co., LEVI Z. LEJTER.

late Field. Later & Co., EZRA J.

WAti.\ER, of bpranue.

Warner <t Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, IIU.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agonts, Salt Lake City.

^Insurance Co.k -i1798i*- The Oldest Company In America.

«iof Norih America)* Cash Capital, $3,000,000.00 1 H.

J. GRANT & CO..

Resident Agents, Cash Assets, 8,696,965,00 salt lake city, utah.

Pennsylvania of Philadelphia.

ORQANIZBD 1825Stood the Test of

All the Great Fires.

CAPITAL, $400,000.00.

FIRE ASSETS, $3,106,553.00.

BROWN, CRAIG C.

CO., A r^T^TSJn^ HEBER J. GRANT 6. CO.

a-., -Rv*n«t.iui.

^~vV-J J—/ x x A. o 8alt take City.

San FrancUoo.

^Im^rJea^pir^of Philadelphia •ESTABLISHED 181O.

ASSETS, $2,500,926.00.

INCOME, 1888, $1,632,366.00.

EXPENDITURES, 1888, $1,567,810.00.

BROWN, CRAIG & CO., General Agents, San Francisco, Cal.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Resident Agents, Salt—Lake—City.

Combined Capital and Assets exceed $14,000,000,

The HOME Insurance Company of New York, and The PHEENIX Insurance Company of Hartford, Conn,,

Issue Joint Policies on Rpproved Property in Utah.

HavE paid SevEnty Million Hollars for lossss during ths past Thirty-five Years, ARTHUR E MAGILL, Dept, Genl, Agent, San Francisco, Cal.

HEBER J. GRUNT g» CO., Agents,

Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah.

THE HARTFORD Fire Insurance Company.

ORGANIZED 1794.

ASSETS, $5,750,080.47.

Policy Holders'Surplus, $3,483,982.59.

BELDEN & COFRAN, Managers, HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents Pacific Department, San Francisco,

Cal.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

NIAGARA FIRE INSURANCES COMPANY of New York.

CASH CAPITAL, 600,000 CASH ASSETS, 2,360,135 LOSSES PAID, over 12,000,000 /. S. BLACKWELDER, Manager Western Department, Chicago, III HEBER J. GRANT ^ CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GERMANAMERICAN INSURANCE COMPANY, Cash Capital, $1,000,000.00 Cash Assets, 6,388,532.00 Surplus, 8,243,985.00 E. OELBERMANN, President, JNO.

W. MURRAY, Vict-Presidtnt.

JAMES A. SILVBY, Secretory.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

oo oooooooooooo oooooooooooooo o WHITE & SONS CO.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET.

LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Cured Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

WHITE & SONS CO., W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE No S^.X.T Xj-A.JSE:E CXirZ".

o 00000 000000000 0000000000000 o PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF UOI17IR m High Patent. Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, W.

South Temple St., SALT LAKE CITY, TJ rX\AJH:

TO CONTRACTORS!

The New Era Railroad Builder will build 4-foot Embankments or the Base of large Embankments at a cost of from i^ to z\ cents per cubic yard, and will load wagons at t.\ to 3 cents per cubic yard.

Which We Stanrl Ready to Prove.

sir. ^ QvUwkW/v JLW %&.*, Send for Pamphlet Showing the Cheapest Methods of Handling Earth to FACTORY—Cor. Carpenter St., and Carroll Ave.

MwmwwMmmMaprMmmwmMWMm CHICAGO, ILL.————

Co-operative Wagon & Machine Co., Sole Agents,

BURTON, GARDNER CO., Combination Fence;

Manufacturers 01 Made of Annealed Steel and Galvanized Wire, and "*4 Pickets per Bod, at a cost of from 45 cts. to S1.00 per Rod.

This is the Best Farm and Garden Fenee Made.

&£a.d.e ©n. Improved rF'lazx.

Better tls-eaa. any IriiiporteA.

Agents for the Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACHINES D.&RG.

Pleasant Valley COAL!

COLORADO ANTHRACITE,. D is Iron, A. L. WILLIAMS, AGENT.

143 S. Main St..

SALT LAKE CITY.

Mmes A. Hayes, James Murray, tuW.tLC._PARTRlOQE.

Hii-ii-y-yy-ii Hay^/T^urrayftCo.

I Manufacturers Ladies', Misses', Children's, Boys'and Youths'L. D. YOUNG, Agent for Utah.

BEST -SIX -CORD nililillll»ilit?lrlilN W&km?olHA^D fcMACH PAID-UP CAPITAL, - $200,006 ASSETS, OVER $225,000 OFFICERS.

fiEBER J. GRANT, President, JAMFS SHARP, Vice-President, LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, ELIAS A. SMITH, Secretary, W. J. BATEMAN, Ass't Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry DInweodey, John Henry Smith,

George Romney, John C. Cutler, Thos. G. Webber, David Eccles, P. T. Farnsworth, Geo. W. Thatcher, William H. Rowe, Frank W.Jennings, Charles S. Burton.

CASH CAPITAL, $100,000 OFFICERS.

JOSEPH F. SMITH, President, HEBER J. GRANT, Vice-President,

LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, HEBER M. WELLS, Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dinwoodey, George Romney,

Wm. W. Riter, James Sharp, Moses Thatcher, John Henry Smith, Wm. H. Rowe, Chas. S. Burton, John C. Cutler, Elias A. Smith.

Richard W. Young.

* LIFE or &TP& Heber J. Grant & Co., Genl. Agts., Herald Building, Salt Lake City.

Boyle 9 Co., o^mj^, ^raes^T WHOLESALE and RETAIL FURNITURE, Carpets | Baby Carriages.

-OUR ZP-A-G-IE CATALOatTE SEOSTT FREE.- H f:\ltY WjLIjIjACE, Manager.

Utah Cracker Factory Manufacturers of the Celebrated

Stiver Siand of cfim i&kmkeU'^

SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the Territory.

J8G30QQ0888S8 For Sale by all Druggists.

UfoDpf, On\Iej[ \ Co., MANUFACTURERS OF CHICAGO WAX CALF^S SCUPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Beaton Store, 16 and 18 South St.

Chicago Store, 170 and 181 Lake

Street.

^sebeTHE5 •Thomson % TOIoi Spice go.,-* \UTO*ltfcS M*0 UKHVlf KCTUfctKS Ot THt VVHES1

SP1GLS UD BJIVORINB MLS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

2SSrs£S2S5 RED CROSS LYE.

Trov 30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 4-0 SO. WATER STREET, §saCHICAGO.^ 43 & 45 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, <20NF3SCJTIONURY.

IT IS THE BEST TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO The LAFGEST SALE of ANY TOBACCO IN THE WORLD.

COMFORT, HEALTH^ SMOKE THE OLD.MANUFACTURED ONLY BY W.T.BDTCK^EUl & CO.

~ PtnRHflM»N.C.

>3 BEARS THP 'PDPULAR BECAUSE RELIABl E,

k}<z <§er?tfo ¥okin?e.

The Tenth Volume of The Contributor will be completed with the October number, and will make the most valuable bound volume of this excellent magazine that has yet appeared.

The volume will be beautifully bouud in fine, black cloth covers with elegant designs stamped on back and side in gold.

Early copies will be ready for delivery by the October Conference.

The following is a partial table of contents which this volume will present:

Illustrations.—Four full-page steel engraving portraits, viz:

ErastusSnow, Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith and Moses Thatcher.

Wise Sayings of President Brigham Young.—Compiled from his published and unpublished discourses, covering a period of thirty years, upon subjects of living interest, among which may be named:

Joseph Smith, Laws and Governments, Recreations and Amusements,

Riches, Missionary Labors, Mormonism, together with many gems of thought expressed in the characteristic language of the great leader upon a variety of themes.

Tanner's Descriptive Articles of Life and Scenes in the Orient,

Roberts'Doctrinal Papers—A series of articles supplemental to "The Gospel."Lambourne's Descriptive Articles—Glimpses from Nature written in a pleasing style.

The Testimony of a Lifetime.—By President W. Woodruff.

The Restoration of the Melchesedic Priesthood.—By President Joseph

F. Smith.

These two articles are alone worth the price of subscription.

Besides there is the story "Corianton,"founded on the Book of Mormon, a series of papers on Arizona and the Mexicans, and a great variety of interesting reading from home authors, poetry, cullings and miscellaneous matter.

Every family should own this volume.

The canvass for bound volumes is now going on.

Every subscriber gets the Great Premium

Steel Engraving ot President Brigham Young and the volume elegantly bound—for only $2.50.

Orders taken by the agents, or at this office, Herald Building,

Salt Lake City.

The Leading Implement Houge of Utah

SALT LAKE CITY, OGDEN, LOGAN, £]5M.-4> WVS^MW^VWW^W^ Dipcctoirs:

Heber J. Grant, Joshua F. Grant, George T. Odell, William W. Riter, George Romney, Joseph F. Smith, Francis M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Charles S. Burton, Junius F. Wells, James Sharp.

management:

JOSHUA F. GRANT, Gen. Mgr., GEO. T ODELL, Aset. Mgr., Salt Lake City, Utah.

ED. T. WOOLLEY, Mgr. Ogden Branch.

A. G. BARBER, Mgr. Logan Branch.