JANUARY, i88q. ^mJ Vol.

a. y r LISHED BY Tt)E CONTRIBUTOR (n SALT LAKE CITY.

"VTA. EHl HIKOra *.e«r^in>j*/.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JANUARY, 1889.

PAGE.

Recreations and Amusements In Yo Semite Valley Alfred Lambourne...

A New Witness for God B. H. Roberts A Story of Zarahemla Horatio A Roman Circus M. A.

Y. Greenhalgh The Anglo-Saxons Joseph B. Toronto The Giant's Causeway Robert W. Sloan..

A Brave Woman.....Fred. G. Browning no Cripple Jim James Dunn.

Editorial:

Christmas....

The Preservers of Faith Steel Engraving Association Intelligence X^THY »HOXJIvI3 YOXJ JB^YE^R A.s^i*ist Yot*:i? Ov*rn. Indl*stifles^*

If you ask your storekeeper to sell our Soaps he'll do it.

Startling Improvements Have Been.Made in Them.

<3-. H. S1TELL, 3*v£^r.

flion'sPo-operatiYeM ercantileTnstit'H

ORGANIZED OCTOBER I6th, 1868.

President, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Vice-President, MOSES THATCHER, Secretary and Treasurer, T.

G. WEBBER.

-directorsGEO. Q. CANNON, JOS. F. SMITH, HEBER J. GRANT, JOHN SHARP, GEORGE ROMNEY, JOHN R. WINDER, HENRY DINWOODEY, P. T. FARNSWORTH.

JOHN R. BARNES, WILLIAM H. ROWE, THOS. W. JENNINGS manufacturers, importer*, ami Wholesale and

Retail Heaters in mmh V V./ JLJ.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AT OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

Co-operative Stores and the General

Public are invited to select their purchase*- from our Choice and Carefully Rought Stock of

STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Tinware and Stamped Ware, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Tools and Implements, Stationery and Blank Books, School Books, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Hats and Caps, Paper Hangings, Boots and Shoes, Rubber Goods, Leather and Findings, Pure Drugs and Medicines.

Wines and Liquors Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, i-inseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

BST'Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careml Attention.

1.

Gr. WEBBER, Supt,

WMNEfi BROS.

Celebrated Corsets.

HE merit and popularity Jt<j of these Corsets is at- * tested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with s*ard and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation, recognized, for they have "Dr.

printed on the inside of the steel cover.

They can always be Warner's Coraline"FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

!^^^*w^\*vs •^WARNER* BROS.

N^^v Yorls:

For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M. L, SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

Cliioago, For Sale in Ogden -BY- Z. C. M. L, W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

WMNBfi BSOS.'Celebrated Corsets

UNION

PACIFIC TRAVEL ( VI A The Union Pacific.

'THE OLD OVERLAND ROUTE,"(BETWEFN)"Utah and the Missouri River.

(TAKE THE FAST TRAIN,) THE OVERLAND FLYER"And Save One Day Crossing the Continent- J TOURISTS:

No Tourist can properly appreciate the Grandeur of the Scenery or the Magnificence, Extent and Resources of the United States, until he has compassed journeys to the following points:

COLORADO IN GENERAL, UTAH IN GENERAL, and SALT LAKE CITY in Particular;

Yellowstone*National Parte, The Great Shoshone Falls, The Columbia River, Oregon, ^uget Sound and Alaska;

The Sierra* in Nevada, California in General, Yosemite, the Big Trees, And Los Angeles, And Mining Camps, Cities, and Health Resorts of the Rocky Mountains, all o*"which are best reached via the UNIO^ PACIFIC RAILWAY.

Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

TH L. KIMBALL, Acting Gen'l Manager, OMAHA, NEB.

E.

L. LOMAX Ass't Gen'! Pass & Ticket Ar't,

OMAHA, NEB.

J. S. TEBBETS, GenM Pass. & Ticket Ag't.

OMAHA, NEB.

J. V. PARKER.

Div. Pass. Ag't.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

UTAH CENTHAL RAILW'Y PIONEER LINE OF UTAH, Runs Regular Trains for Convenience of

Public, From OGDEN to FRISCO.

MFE,-:-:-:-:-:-:-COMFORT&BLE.-:-:-:-:-;-:-QUICK.

JOHN SHARP, General Supt.

TAMES SHARP, FRANCIS COPE, Asst. Genl. Supt, Gen. Freight $r Tkt. Agl.

Perfect'Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANON MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

3izknte6q,mS?mU BETWEEN CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS -AND NEW YORK.

PASSENGERS FROM THE WEST Can Secure Through Day and Pullman Sleeping Car Service from ST.

IiOUIS over the OHIO & MISSISSIPPI and ERIE RAILWAYS, or from

CHICAGO over the CHICAGO & ATLANTIC and EEIhi RAILWAYS to the important Eastern Cities.

Limited Trains, Daily ''quipped with PULLMAN'S latest pattern of PALACE and DRAWING ROOM cOACHhS.

ASK FOR YOUR TICKETS Via the ERIE RAILWAY, ON SALE AT ALL THE PRINCIPAL RAILWAY STATIONS throughout the West.

W.

H. HURLBURT, Genl. Western Passenger Agent,

CHICA GO.

L.

JP. FARMER, Genl. Passenger''Agent, NEW YORK.

B.

F\ TEASDE^, TP. O BOX! 362.

SALT LAIC^I CITY.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes,

Hardware, Notions, and all kinds or general merchandise.

best house for family supplies.

I t\ S. P. TEASDEL, East Temple St, In relation to «8^$# I The people of Utani are sensibly united^, in preferlng those \ made at v itow.

't.

A»'z. c. m. i SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brand.

AMERICA AHEAD!!!

SIX-CORD SPOOL COTTON FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING DEALERS.

ASK FOR IT I BUY IT I! TRYI^ Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF DTAH.

Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

XnTESaRfTTTHIIISsTQ- THAT BTJIXjIDE^S 2>T3DaED SOUTH TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY.

GLOBE MEAT MARKET.

*-fe OPPOSITE Z. C M- I- (55-?

(ib—~s) Keeps Constantly on Hand a Splendid Assortment of the

FINEST MEATS Beef, Mutton, Veal, Pork, Sausages, Home Cia-recL Hams an-d Breakfast Bacon..

GAME IN SEASON.

Orders Qarefully Filled and Satisfaction Guaranteed.

ROBERT SHERWOOD, PROPRIETOR.

IT IS THE BEBT TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO T!h.e I_iargrest Bale of aaa.37- Tobacco ixi t3a.e T7^"orldk r"OR pleasure:, COMFORT, HEALT* MANUFACTURED ONLY BY B^"« W^EBLftcKtfELTA & Co. yg® - BDFH/IM.TM.C.

POPULAR BECAUSE RELIABLE,.

WaDpu, O^IeiJ ^ do.

MANUFACTURERS OF CHTCAGO WAX CALF^b SCUPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Boston Store, 18 and 18 South St.

Chicago Store, 179 and 181 Lake Stw*t

A BIG INDUCEMENT For $19.50 the Herald Company of this City offer a first class Sewing Machine, with a complete set of Attachments, and the SemiWeekly Herald, ten pages of news and general information, for a a year.

As the person wanting the machine may prefer any other edition of this journal, the Sunday, Weekly or the Daily, the machine can be had by paying only the increased difference in the papers. Thus the Machine, and the Daily Herald for one year would only cost $28.

If a better and more expensive machine is desired, it can be had, but at best the Herald announces that the machine it sells, while being as good as any in the market and as durable, is from two-thirds to one-half less than any agent will sell it for, including the price of the Herald; they simply give their subscribers the benefit of manufacturers prices, and save to the buyer the commission that is made, first by the wholesale buyer, then by tht, retailer, next by the agent, and last, the exorbitant interest that is put on this useful article, because it is indispensible.

The Herald Company is also very extensively advertising a Grand

Prize Drawing for its Semi-Weekly, and states that fully 1250 prizes will be given away to subscribers of that excellent, bright, newsy ten page publication, which is certainly without a rival in the Rocky Mountain Region.

These prizes vary in value from one to three hundred dollars, and the arrangement of the drawing will be such that every prize will be drawn, and the subscribers themselves will have control of the execution of the drawing.

The paper is but three dollars a year, and all who would have a chance in this drawing have only to subscribe and pay for one year in advance.

Those already subscribers have only to pay up arrearages and one year in advance.

There can be no doubt that such an offer as this will greatly increase the subscription of this excellent Semi-Weekly Newspaper.

It is deserving of support, and there are few wide awake citizens of this and adjoining territories who will not take advantage of so magnificent an offer, besides introducing into their families the best and largest and brightest and most reliable Semi-Weekly Newspaper,published in the Rocky Mountains.

HENRY DINWOODEY.

<«—*- *JfiNITU!l» Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Feathers, -HI BABY CARRIAGES, |N> BTKRYTMIMtt IM HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.

FZrstf South St.

$a& £a&0 CW#.

Vol. X.

JANUARY, 1889.

No.

3.

RECREATIONS AND AMUSEMENTS.

The Christmas holidays are upon us, and as usual it is a season of recreation and amusement.

Now the young will go forth in the dance; the aged will look on and smile; and it may be, under the stimulant of good feeling and joy that prevails, they will forget the stiffening joints and hoary heads, and be induced to "hobble through some stately measure,"with all the gallantry and attention to their partners, characteristic of what we may term the old school of dances.

The anxieties and cares that burden life will be pushed aside and joy will be unconfined—let us hope, too, it will be universal.

We have thought it timely in this season of merry-making and recreation to present to our readers what President

Young has said upon these subjects—the object of them, the extent to which they may profitably be indulged in, and who of right may participate in them.

At a festival of the Utah legislature held at the close of its session in 1852, President Brigham Young made the following remarks:

We are now enjoying our pastimes.

We often meet together and worship the

Lord by singing, praying and preaching, fasting and communing with each other in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper.

Now we are met in the capacity of a social community—for what?

That our minds may rest and our bodies receive that recreation which is proper and necessary to keep up an equilibrium, to promote healthy action to the whole system.

Let our minds sing for joy, and let life diffuse itself into every avenue of the body; for the object of our meeting is for its exercise, for its good.

This party was gotten up by the members of the legislature, to rest their minds and convene in a social capacity, to enjoy the society of each other, with their families, with renewed activity and energy, which will invigorate and strengthen them in the discharge of the arduous duties devolving upon them.

After thus explaining the object of recreation, he then reminds the company of the evils that would result from a life wholly devoted to the pursuit of pleasure, or even of pleasure occasionally indulged in to excess:

If we should suffer ourselves to spend our time day after day, and week after week as we are now doing, how long would it be before we would forget the Lord?

If we continued in the exercise of the body without reflection, this company would soon think—it is no matter about praying or asking the Lord about anything; we have enjoyed ourselves heretofore, all has been peace, quietness and good order.

But how long would it remain so?

How long would it be before we became careless, if we remembered not the Lord?

For this reason, I say, on every such occasion, it is right, reasonable and necessary, that every heart be directed to the Lord.

When we have had sufficient recreation for our good, let that suffice.

It is all right; then let our minds labor instead of our bodies, and in all our exercises of body and mind it is good to remember the Lord.

If it cannot be so, but otherwise,

I do not wish to see another party while I live.

If I could not enjoy the Spirit of the Lord in this capacity with

RECREATIONS AND AMUSEMENTS.

you this evening, and feel the power of God to rest upon me, I should cease from all such indulgences.

From this time, never let us permit ourselves to go one step beyond that which the Lord will own and bless.

Alluding again to the object of recreation he said:

I want it distinctly understood, that fiddling and dancing are no part of our worship.

The question may be asked, What are they for then?

I answer that my body may keep pace with my mind.

My mind labors like a man logging, all the time; and this is the reason I am fond of these pastimes—they give me the privilege to throw everything off, and shake myself, that my body may exercise and my mind rest.

What for?

To get strength, and be renewed and quickened and enlivened and animated, so that my mind will not wear out.

In the spring of 1852, in addressing a number of Elders about to start on a mission he gave the following instructions in respect to amusements:

When the Elders of Israel leave this place, and go forth among the wicked, it is not their privilege to mingle with them in any of their worldly exercises; for if they do, the devil will obtain an advantage over them, and succeed in drawing them away from the path of their duty.

For instance, suppose you and I, with many more of the brethren, meet together in a convenient place in the valley, and dance to the sweet strains of the violin; we could do so with perfect good will; but if we should be called to England, and there have an invitation to join the wicked in their pastimes and recreations, and we in our feelings bow down to this, and suffer our spirits to be subject to their commandments, we suffer ourselves to be ruled over by them, and at once become their servants.

Never suffer yourselves to mingle in any of those recreations that tend to sin and iniquity while you are away from the body of the Church, where you cannot fully control yourselves.

You are well aware that the wickedness of the world, or the apostasy of the Church is so great, that those who now profess religion cannot enjoy their own natural privileges in the world.

In many places their folly and superstition is so great that they would consider they had committed the sin of blasphemy if they happened to hear a violin.

The whole world could not hire a good, honest, sound Presbyterian, of the old fashion and cut, to look into a room where young men and women were dancing, lest they should sin against the Holy Ghost.

This over-righteous notion is imbibed by the generality of professors of religion, but it is because they themselves have made it a sin.

Let us look at the root of the matter.

In the first place, some wise being organized my system, and gave me my capacity, put into my heart and brain something that delights, charms and fills me with rapture at the sound of sweet music.

/ did not put it there;

it was some other being.

As one of the modern writers has said, "Music hath charms to soothe the savage heart."It has been proved that sweet music will actually turn the most malicious and venomous hearts, even when they have been stirred up to violent wrath, and make them docile and harmless as lambs.

Who gave the lower animals a love for those sweet sounds, which with magic power fill the air with harmony, and cheer and comfort the hearts of men, and so wonderfully affect the brute creation?

It was the Lord our heavenly Father who gave the capacity to enjoy these sounds, and which we ought to do in his name, and to his glory.

But the greater portion of the sectarian world consider it sacrilege to give way to any such pleasure as ever* to listen to sweet music, much more to dance to its delightful strains.

On another occasion he expressed these views:

Employ the rest of your lives in good thoughts, kind words and good works.

"Shall I sit down and read the Bible and

Book of Mormon and the book of Doctrine and Covenants all the time?"says one.

Yes, if you please, and when you have done, you may be nothing but a sectarian after all.

It is your duty to study to know every thing upon the face

RECREATIONS AND AMUSEMENTS.

of the earth, in addition to reading those books.

We should not only study good and its effects upon our race, but also evil and its consequences.

I will try to illustrate it still further.

For example, we will take a strict, religious, holy, down country, eastern Yankee, who would whip a beer barrel for working on Sunday, and never suffer a child to go into company of his own age—never suffer him to have any associates, or permit him to do anything or know anything, only what the deacon, priest or missionaries bring to the house.

When that child attains mature age, say eighteen or twenty years, he is very apt to steal away from his father and mother; and when he has broken his bands, you would think that all hell was let loose, and that he would compass the world at once.

Now understand it, when parents whip their children for reading novels, and never let them go to the theatre, or to any place of recreation and amusement, but bind them to the moral law, until duty becomes loathsome to them; when they are forced by age from the vigorous training of their parents, they are more fit for companions to devils, than to be the children of such religious parents.

If I do not learn what is in the world, from first to last, somebody will be wiser than

I am.

I intend to know the whole of it, both good and bad.

Shall I practice evil?

No; neither have I told you to practice it, but to learn by the light of truth every principle there is in existence in the world.

Still further, when I was young, I was kept within very strict bounds, and was not allowed to walk more than half an hour on Sunday for exercise.

The proper and necessary gambols of youth having been denied me, makes me want active exercise and amusement now.

I had not a chance to dance when

I was young, and never heard the enchanting tones of the violin, until I was eleven years of age; and then I thought I was on the highway to hell, if I suffered myself to linger and listen to it.

I shall not subject my little children to such a course of unnatural training.but they shall go to the dance, study music, read novels, and do anything else that will lend to expand their frames, add fire to their spirits, improve their minds, and make them feel free and untrammeled in body and mind.

Let every thing come in its season, place every thing in the place designed for it, and do every thing in its right time.

Though I mean to learn all that is in heaven, earth and hell, do I need to commit iniquity to do it?

No;

if I were to go into the bowels of hell to find out what was there, that does not make it necessary that I should commit one evil, or blaspheme in any way the name of my

Maker.

In December 1857, upon many applications being made to him for the privilege of getting up parties and balls he remarked:

In a word here is the difficulty: many of my brethren and sisters who are now before me believe, to this day, if they were to go into a room prepared for music and dancing, they have stepped aside from serving God, and are serving somebody else.

I have answered all bishops and all presidents, and all this people, with regard to dancing that

I am willing that those who live their religion every day, hour and minute of their lives to the glory of God, shall dance all they wish to;

but I have not yet given my consent for any other class to do so, and

I want you all to understand it.

If your minds have been wrought up by too much anxiety—if you have had wakeful hours when you ought to have been asleep, in consequence of the threatened danger and troubles—if you have been afflicted in spirit, and your minds are worn down, which they can be so long as they are connected with the body, which is apt to wear out, reasonable recreation may be beneficial.

If you want to dance and rest your minds, dance.

But a man or woman that intends when they go into a room prepared for music and dancing, to serve the Devil a little while, I would to God that they would go to California, where they may serve the Devil all they desire to.

Those who cannot serve God with a pure heart in the dance should not dance; though dancing is not

IN YO SEMITE VALLEY.

an ordinance, except we say it is an ordinance of folly and weakness.

If you wish to dance, dance; and you are iust as much prepared for a prayer meeting after dancing as ever you were, if you are saints.

If you desire to ask God for anything, you are as well prepared to do so in the dance as in any other place if you are saints.

If you want to dance, run a foot race, pitch quoits, or play at ball, do it and exercise your bodies and let your minds rest.

Brethren and sisters, if you have understood my mind with regard to your recreations I am happy.

But understand that there is not a man or woman professing to be in this church and kingdom that has any liberty to drink to excess, to lie, deceive, cheat, steal or do anything that is wrong; and those who do such things have not my sanction to join the others in the dance.

Those who have kept their covenants and served their God, if they wish to exercise themselves in any way, to rest their minds and tire their bodies, go and enjoy yourselves in the dance, and let God be in all your thoughts, in this as in all other things, and He will bless you."

GEMS OF THOUGHT.

When a man throws a stone at me and with it dashes out his own brains, I have nothing to say.

It is only where experience fails that revelation is needed.

I possess nothing but what my heavenly Father has been pleased to give to me, or in other words He has loaned it to me while I remain here in mortality.

The children of men are made as independent in their sphere as the Lord is in His;

to prove themselves, pursue what path they please, to choose the evil or the good.

For those who love the Lord and do His will, all is right, and they shall be crowned; but those who hate His ways shall be damned, for they choose to be damned.

It yields solid satisfaction to have men testify of the truth of the Gospel.

Seeing the Lord does not make a man a saint;

seeing an angel does not make a man a saint by any means.

In this manner the consciences of mankind are formed—by the education they receive.

Conscience is nothing else but the result of education and the traditions of the inhabitants of the earth.

As the Lord is patient with me; as the

Lord is merciful with me, I will be merciful to others.

No man or woman can receive life everlasting only on the principle of strict obedience to the requirements of the celestial law of heaven.

"How shall we know brother Brigham whether you are telling us the truth or not?"Get the spirit of revelation, then you will know, and not without.

Our religion is a practical and progressive one.

It will not prepare a thief, a liar, a sorcerer, a whoremonger, an adulterer, a murderer, or a false swearer, in one day, so that he can enter into the celestial kingdom of God.

No pleasure is comparable with standing on the vantage ground of truth.

IN YO SEMITE VALLEY.

"As well try to follow on crutches a chamois hunter who has free use of his limbs, as to try to follow with gauge and measure, one who has free use of his imagination."These words, or words to this import, are said by Ruskin, and they make me feel how hopeless, with my cramped, halting style, and poor stock of words, will be my attempt to do something like justice to a description of the

Yo Semite Valley.

He who would describe that place, should speak in language at once strong and simple; should be able to put into his lines something of "Solemn tenor and deep organ tone;"should shape his sentences that they flow onward like some calm bright river, and as befits the theme, mould them into a

IN YO SEMITE VALLEY.

semblance of "that large utterance of the early gods."Do not infer from this, dear reader, that I will attempt to plume my wings for such lofty flight; or weary your patience with long-sounding words.

Much as the scenery of the Yo Semite impressed me, I do not feel to rhapsodize over it.

There is that which is so simple, almost forbidding in its stupendous architecture as brings to silence, at last.all our first-crude bursts of enthusiasm.

By this I do not mean to say that the valley lacks that class of more beautiful scenery, which has furnished the most poetical images in descriptive writing.

On the contrary, that is its wonder; the perfect blending of the entrancing with the awe-inspiring elements of landscape. What these elements are, we have now, the greater number of us learned.

Imagine a valley, say from six to seven miles long and from one half to one mile wide;

let its level floor be covered with clusters of pine, of balsam and oak; through this forest growth wind a clear, sparkling stream;

and then on either side of the valley pile up walls of granite to an average height of five thousand feet;

let them in some places be smooth, perpendicular, unbroken;

at others, splintered into crags or rounded into massive domes;

over the edge of these walls let torrents come pouring down, and reflect all this in the sleeping pools of the river; then enrich the foreground with masses of entangled fern;

let the blue smoke from Indian wigwams rise up through the trees, and we have before us once more those combinations of line and color that have tried the skill of America's best artists.

One thing against enjoying thoroughly the valley, is the fact that it contains no surprises.

So familiar are we now with the leading features, through books and pictures, that we recognize each fall and cliff as though we had been among them for years.

As one after another, I looked upon the granite tors, it seemed to me, not that they were the real tangible piles of rock, but only the mental pictures I had carried of them for years, suddenly enlarged ten thousand fold.

As a set off to this disadvantage, it has few disappointments indeed, being all we could justly expect.

Ralph Waldo Emerson, laying aside his stateliness for once, bears witness to this in a genuine Yankee remark:

"This is the only place I have ever seen in my life that comes quite up to the brag."For myself, had I not already received a good schooling in granite scenery from the precipices between the Big and Little

Cottonwood Canons, in the Wasatch Mountains, my wonderment at the realized pictures would have been really extreme.

As it was Mirror Lake, was the only disappointing feature.

It is not near so charming as our own Lake Mary.

Primitive rock, primitive foliage, and almost primitive man make up the Yo

Semite, and its native inhabitants.

The Digger Indians are, I believe, the lowest in the scale of all our western aborigines.

The older members of the tribe are quite repulsive looking, though little more so than many others I have seen on the deserts of Arizona.

Acorns form the chief article of their winter food, and their manner of caching these is peculiar.

A pole is erected, or a tree cut off at a proper height, and around this is built a cylinder-shaped apartment constructed of pine branches, tips downward, and a roof of bark protects it from above.

At different levels, openings are left for the insertion of the hand, and through the dreary months this is almost the only winter commissary.

What are the sensations at first beholding the Yo Semite? This is a question often asked; and the answer must depend much upon the one who answers it.

My own impression, so skillfully is the view arrayed by nature for pictorial effect, was that of looking upon some perfect picture.

There on the left stood El Capitan, the pine wood on its crest appearing no taller than a grassy lawn. On the right, the Graces, with the gauzy waters of the Bridal Veil.

In middle distance, the Glacier Point, the Arches, the Domes, with Clouds Rest beyond them, dim and gray. We had repeatedly asked of the driver, "Shall we see the valley by sunset?"and repeatedly he had answered in the affirmative.

Experience makes them able to time themselves to

IN YO SEMITE VALLEY.

the minute in reaching any given point on the road.

So close are the possibilities of the horses and the road'guaged, that a delay of ten or fifteen minutes in starting is hard to make up in a distance of thirty miles or more.

This is a digression, however, we were speaking about the first view, but a few words must dismiss it.

All crimsoned atop with the last rays of sunset, and mantled in shadow below, the vast walls, dim through the haze of early autumn, makes a sight of the utmost beauty.

Crack went the whip, down the grade we flew, leaving a trail of dust behind.

The valley seemed to be rising to meet us and the mountain tops growing upward.

Rattle-te-bang, across dry torrent beds, dashing over bridges, spinning under archways of trees and out again with a gusto.

So we descended into the narrow valley, while its granite walls shot up to an unearthly stature in the dull-gray of the fast gathering twilight.

How shall I describe our first day's wonderment!

How recall these stupendous scenes!

It is useless to repeat the old thread-bare common-places.

To say that it was awe-inspiring;

that with their magnitude these scenes crushed us down to earth, or even to tell how at last they worked the opposite effect;

how the spirit was stirred within us, and asserted its superiority over mere earthly matter, refused to be cribbed, confined by any barrier line however vast.

Yet such I must state is the truth, at first we were humiliated and then exalted.

At first we bowed down before the majesty of God's handiwork, and at last it served only as a threshold through which the mind escaped, to plunge into space beyond its utmost rims of distance.

An excellent place is Yo Semite—an excellent place in which to study out a problem or two.

Is the mighty orbit of Neptune more sublime than the same line of eternity as expressed in the smallest finger ring?

There, it seemed, we could find an answer, that in the affirmative.

Why confound the principles that give mere pleasure, even if intellectual, with those that realize for us the sensation of the sublime.

Mr. Ruskin.

though he once so savagely wished that

California and all the big things it contains, might sink to the bottom of the sea, does he not practically give his verdict in favor of greatness of size?

Though in his chapter, "Modesty in Science and Art,"he shows that the subjects of landscape is vulgar art, are often made up of Matterhorn's, Mount Rosa's, and blue glaciers, does he not for once fall into the prevalent error of forgetting that the shallow and the great may offer up their adorations at the same shrine?

Though in that chapter he wishes us to feel that to the true lover of nature the low banks of Greta stream, with their oak thickets, were all sufficient, does he not elsewhere tell that he of the master mind, he who was so happy in his work there, conceived his noblest thoughts at the feet of the Alps, by the side of the Swiss lakes?

Mr. Ruskin (all honor to him for his life's work) satisfied his own thirst for the sublime, in looking upon the purple heights of that same Matterhorn, by gazing into the depths of the Via Mala, and upon the slow creeping waves of the Mer de Glace.

Mr. Kingsley, too, "the Minute Philosopher,"though he advises us "to disabuse our minds of that tyrannous phantom Size, and to remember that great and small are but relative terms;

that in truth nothing is great or small, save in proportion to the quality of creative thought which has been exercised in making it,"even he, who has plead so eloquently, could not rest content among the oaks of his native England, but must away, to all but worship the great Ceiba's in the High Woods of

West Indies.

Let false philosophy decide as it will, there is still a difference in greatness, even between masses of inanimate matter.

A drop of water is not great or sublime, the ocean is.

Though Mr.

Kingsley would have us to think otherwise, the mass of El Capitan, out of whose ribs, material for all the cities of the world could have been taken, is greater, because more sublime than a twelve inch cube of granite.

Granted, "that the fly who basks on one of the trilithons of Stonehenge is infinitely

IN YO SEMITE VALLEY.

greater than all of Stonehenge put together, though he may measure but the tenth of an inch, and the stone on which he sits five and twenty,"does it follow logically that there is not still a difference in "great and small"in those trilithons themselves?

Not in the least;

it is subtle falsehood that could teach us so.

To be strictly truthful we must acknowledge that greatness may sometimes result from association. That although singly a

Mica flake can lay claim to be neither one nor the other, in association it forms that which is both great and sublime.

The cliffs of Yo Semite, towering into the air their thousands of feet are objects impressive, both from their majestic forms as well as their enormous bulk.

One of our precious, because few days in the valley of the Grizzly Bear, was devoted by the writer to climbing to the summit of Glacier Point.

The trail goes zig-zag upward, until the head is quite dizzy with the many turnings.

At certain points was passed by a Douglas spruce, that growing isolated and assailed by the mountain winds, took on most peculiar though still graceful forms.

For the sake of seclusion (and economy also)

I had chosen to walk alone instead of hiring a pair of mules and a guide as is usually done, and much did I gain thereby.

If from the paltry height of Dover cliffs, Shakspeare was impressed with such vivid images, how must he have been affected could he have gazed from such an eminence as that!

I confess the looking over the edge, made my knees fairly smite together.

"How fearful and dizzy 'tis to cast one's eyes so low."The iron rail placed for safety at the overhanging brink, seemed to me no stronger than a spider's thread, and I feared lest my touch should break it.

How I was discomfited by what happened an hour later it is but fair to tell.

A tourist party had come jogging up the trail on mule back, and a little girl, perhaps ten or twelve years old, leaped from her saddle, and running down fearlessly to the brink, leaned over the rail, and fairly clapped her hands for joy.

Then I retired to the back-ground thoroughly ashamed of the cautious, shaky manner in which I had approached such a short time before, though be it said in defence of my weak head, that several adults in the party held back, one of them being quite white with fear.

While yet at the place I entered into talk with an old mountaineer, and he like them all was fond of telling his little story.

Here is one that he gave me of the Mark Twain type.

An old pioneer who had formerly lived in a hut near by, had earned for himself many an honest penny, in a most peculiar way.

For the edification of tourists who came to the spot, he used to throw an old hen over the brink of the cliff, and the sport was to see her go fluttering downward, and hear her distressed and angry cries.

Perhaps while she fell a thousand feet these doleful cries might come back, then all would be still.

"O, she don't mind it,"the old man would say, "She's got quite used to that."And sure enough, so he went on to relate, the tourists descending would meet the old hen on the trail, a little ruffled maybe, but otherwise unhurt, coming quietly back for the next day's fall.

However, to leave all joking aside, it is a very trying ordeal, the looking down those thousands of feet;

but once the sickly sensation conquered, the sight is a most glorious one.

The valley appears as level as a floor;

the Merced river like a line that is drawn with the finger; the oaks and pines like small round dots—but what is the use!

the whole scene is too stupendous to be recalled by such hackneyed similies.

It was several hours before I could realize what a space it meant.

There it all lay:

Yo Semite Valley; Teneya Cafion;

Indian Pass;

Little Yo Semite, that wilderness of granite; Clouds Rest, all dreamlike through autumn haze, Tissack, Goddess of the Valley;

the white voiceless falls; Mount Star King;

El Capitan;

the dense pine woods, blue with distance and showing fainter and fainter as they receded from sight, peak after peak, and chain after chain of the Sierra Nevada.

Standing in the valley below, we favor the thought that it owes its origin to some sudden earthquake shock, but as seen from above, we thinK it the

IN YO SEMITE VALLEY.

work of the ancient glaciers.

Beautiful Yo Semite, which ever is true, the result will be "a joy for ever"to the human heart.

Getting away from the somewhat too declamatory ending of the former paragraph, into which we were betrayed by the overwhelming vastness of the scene, let us begin another in a quieter strain.

The road-ways, or avenues as they are called in the valley, have been most judiciously named, so we can find our way unattended to any point one may wish to reach.

I remember more particularly Pohono, Cathedral and Tissack

Avenues.

To many quiet-minded persons, who prefer the seclusion of nooks and brooks to more extended scenes, the last named avenue is the most attractive place in the valley.

No wonder, when we consider how sweet a place it is to rest the jaded limbs and wearied mind after the task imposed upon them.

In keeping pace with the flying hours, for they must be allotted out with scrupulous care, we find that the close of the day brings with it for us, perhaps, sheer exhaustion and aching brows.

Then it is that the avenue appears most restful.

There is the power of the lotus in the gentle stream that wanders beside it.

Nothing more soothing than its murmuring voice, or nothing more likely to restore quiet to our overwrought nerves than the rhythmic motion in the overarching roof of the avenue, pine and oak branches mingled.

No better rest than lying on the mossy stones by the stream and watching the speckled trout, lazily waving its delicate fins.

Had my subject no other scenes but these, and they are found at every turn, it would still be as delightful a place as any day-dreamer could wish.

In making mention of the appropriate naming of the various avenues I should have made it a general statement.

All of the naming is singularly felicitous, and it seems to bring the several parts of the valley and its surroundings into harmonious fellowship.

The old Indian names are as full of poetical meaning as their faith, in the power of the unseen spiritual forces of Nature, was simple and pure.

Pohono, Spirit of the Evil Wind;

Pi-na-ack, Cataract of Diamonds;

Yo-in-ye, the Meandering.

Such are three of the suggestive titles they gave to the waterfalls now called by the name of the Bridal Veil, the Vernal and Nevada

Falls.

I should like to have included the Yo Semite Fall in the number of waterfalls there seen, but candor compels me to say that I have never seen it.

The long drought preceding my visit to the valley had dried up the stream which supplies this, I believe the highest waterfall in the world.

It was a disappointment, and it was quite tantalizing to look up at the wall of granite, over which it comes tumbling in the earlier part of the year.

Mr. Cook, a resident of the valley, felt quite lonely without it.

"You cannot imagine,"he said, "how I miss the voice of that fall;

it seems that a friend is gone."In the presence of so many worthy representations, I did not feel its absence so keenly as I otherwise might have done.

Vernal Fall received its English name from the intense greenness of the mossy rocks at its base, and either of its two names suit it well.

So also does "Meandering,"as given to the

Nevada Fall;

its water does not fall straight down but clings to the rocks in wonderfully beautiful curves.

Whilst I stood looking up at its seven hundred feet of dizzy motion, trying to realize its height by keeping track of one of its water arrows, as it fell from top to base,

I got one of the greatest frights

I ever received in my life.

A big dog (strayed perhaps) had cautiously approached and seeing an individual standing quiet, his hands crossed at his back, grabbed one of them in his mouth.

It was done merely in playful friendship, but could anyone have heard the sudden yell that followed, they might have thought there was an infuriated grizzly somewhere in the neighborhood, as someone else did.

Pohono, Spirit of the Evil Wind, whether you linger around your former home or no, I know not, but this I know, as long as the present mountain wind sports with thy waterfall, sways it from side to side, dissipates it in mist dust ere half way down, and makes it a cloud whereon the

IN YO SEMITE

VALLEY'.

rainbows gleam and quiver the pale-face looking upon it, will be in fit mood to receive, one and all, the poetic little legends he often invents and loves to make the red man responsible for.

Again we draw to a close.

Yo Semite is for California what the Valley of Chamouni is for Switzerland—a place to both love and be proud of.

Perhaps I have been too florid in my descriptions, but if so I could find good company who have done the same.

I am pleased to have made my initial visit to Yo Semite when the usual popular season was over, when the valley presented quite a different aspect from that under which it is generally seen.

For several weeks preceding, the outgoing coach had been loaded down with passengers, while those going toward the valley were either empty or had perchance a stray passenger or two, like my companion and me.

It was, furthermore, a matter of congratulation that with the exception of ourselves, our host had but an empty house.

Towards the close of our stay he had one other guest, but this new comer's ways were so much in harmony with our own, so quiet were his comings and goings, that practically our peace was not disturbed in the least.

Some interesting facts may be obtained by scanning the commissioner's reports concerning visitors to the valley.

For the thirty years from to 1885, thirty-eight thousand and forty-five persons looked upon the valley.

Englishmen more than outnumber all other foreign visitors combined, for John

Bull likes to know and see what there is in this remarkable little world.

The tabular list shows the number of visitors from

Utah to be very few, for 1885 two only and one each for the two preceding years.

In 1S86 the number was increased to five.

The coast around Monterey, on the contrary, has been seen by quite a large number of Utonians.

The reasons for this are obvious;

first, the difficulty of reaching Yo Semite, and second, our citizens naturally prefer a change to ocean from mountain scenery.

This article, although strung out to undue length, does not even mention some important sights, that elsewhere would be Central figures.

The Sentinel, the Three Brothers, Washington Column, Royal Arches, should all have come in for a few separate words.

Never shall I forget several hours spent near the last named place.

Lying in the shadow of a broad armed oak, our fellow lodger repeated for me in a deep, sonorous voice

Burns'immortal poem, "A man's a man for a'that,"and I wondered what Burns himself would have thought could he have lifted his eyes from his paper while writing those soul-stirring lines, and looked upon the scene before us.

I am afraid that later on I offended my friend who recited those words so feelingly.

He drew my attention to an Indian encampment near by, "Do ye nae feel the poetry o'that?""Yes,"I replied, "in connection with the surroundings,

I do;

but the Indians are too degenerate now to be attractive, aside from associations.""Nae, nae; if yecanna feel itnoo, ye may be a painter mon, but ye are nae poet."However that may be, I feel different from he who, viewing Yo Semite from the brow of the hill, pronounced it merely a "hole in the ground."

Perhaps in July and August, when nature is flushed with the fervent heats of mid-summer; when the torrents thunder down in their greatest volumes, and its floor is a mass of flowers, it may be at its best.

But the autumn has its attractions too.

Then the Merced creeps on in glassy stillness from pool to pool; the entangled ferns are dashed with bloodred stains, and the frost king plants his victorious banners of crimson and gold in valley and on height, and all those jagged peaks and rounded domes of granite appear even more huge and high, as they loom up pale and indistinct through the hazy veils of the closing year.

Alfred Lambourne.

Fight for your opinions, but do not believe that they contain the whole truth or the only truth.

Support your party if you have one, but do not think all the good men are in it and all the bad ones outside of it.

n A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

CONCLUSION.

I said in the chapter in which the consideration of these minor evidences of the truth of the Book of Mormon commenced, that about all

I should be able to do would be merely to indicate the existence of such evidences rather than to discuss them; and I doubt not but the reader after having finished the last chapter, and observing the rapidity with which I passed over the prophecies quoted, will be convinced of the truth of what I then stated.

The reader must not think I have even indicated all the prophecies contained in the Book of Mormon.

That sacred volume is replete with prophecy, all of which are interesting and instructive;

but the reader must remember that a good portion of that volume was written a number of centuries

B.C., or else condensed from records that were written in centuries preceding the coming of the Messiah, and many of the prophecies of that book relate to events of those times—to the coming and mission of the Son of God, and the fate of the Nephites.

Others there are relative to the restoration of the House of Israel to favor with God, and the establishment of the heavenly kingdom in power on the earth—but as these are not yet fulfilled, I could not cite them in evidence of the divine authenticity of the

Book of Mormon, though I may say in passing that they go hand in hand with the predictions of many of the Jewish prophets on the same subject.

The prophecies which I have pointed out as bearing testimony to the divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon have this to commend them to the reader:

(i) There can be no question but what the predictions preceded the events which fulfilled them:

(2) The events fulfilling these predictions have occurred, arid that in our own day, or are now in progress so that we know they are really prophecies, the predictions being made public before the events transpired, and the events fulfilling the prophecies having occurred or are now transpiring:

(3) The fulfilment of these predictions was altogether beyond the power of those who were instrumental in bringing forth the Book of Mormon, and were fulfilled, at least many of them were, independent of them, so it was not a case of making predictions within their own power to perform, and then claiming for them the virtue of inspiration.

By way of recapitulation, and to conclude this division of my subject,

I ask those who still insist upon believing that the Book of Mormon had some other origin than that claimed for it by Joseph

Smith—was it not rather a hazardous prophecy for an impostor to make that three witnesses should behold the original records by the power of God? when to fulfill these things was beyond his power—things that it would require the co-operation of God to bring about?

Think, I pray you, how fatal to the pretentions of divine authority for the Book of Mormon if these prophecies had failed.

Again, I ask, how did Joseph Smith happen to know that "many"would believe the words of the Book of Mormon; carry them to the American Indians—the Lamanites;

or that they would receive them as a blessing from God and rejoice;

or that the blood of the Saints would cry from the free soil of America to God for vengeance?

Yet all these things were foretold in the Book of Mormon, and have been fulfilled, and beyond all doubting, prove that the ancient prophets who recorded those words "saw by an excellent spirit what should come to pass,"and set it down for our instruction, and a testimony for the truth.

By way of negative argument in favor of the Book of Mormon, I may say:

"If the historical part of the Book of Mormon be compared with what little is known from other sources, concerning the history of ancient

America, there will be found much evidence to substantiate its truth;

but there cannot be found one truth among all the gleanings of antiquity that clashes with the historical truths of the Book of Mormon.

If the prophetical part of this wonderful book be compared with the prophetical declarations of the Bible, there will be found much evidence in the latter to establish the truth of the formerBut though there are many predictions in the

Book of Mormon, relating to the great events of

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

the last days, which the Bible gives us no information about, yet there is nothing in the predictions of the

Bible that contradicts in the least, the predictions in the Book of Mormon.

If the doctrinal part of the Book of Mormon be compared with the doctrines of the Bible, there will be found the same perfect harmony which we find on the comparison of the prophetical parts of the two books. Although there are many points of the doctrine of Christ that are far more plain and definite in the Book of Mormon than in the Bible, and many things revealed in relation to doctrine that never could be fully learned from the Bible, yet there are not any items of doctrine in the two sacred books that contradict each other, or clash in the least.

If the various books which enter into the collection, called the Book of Mormon.be carefully compared with each other, there will be found nothing contradictory in history, in prophecy or in doctrine.

If the miracles of the Book of Mormon be compared with the miracles of the Bible, there cannot be found in the former any thing that would be more difficult to believe, than what we find in the latter.

If we compare the historical, prophetical and doctrinal parts of the Book of Mormon, with the great truths of science and nature, we find no contradictions, no absurdities, nothing unreasonable.

The most perfect harmony, therefore, exists between the great truths revealed in the Book of Mormon and all other known truths, whether religious, historic or scientific."—Orson Pratt's 'Divine Authenticity of the Book of Mormon'chapter iv.

Aside from all these considerations, however, I find an argument in favor of the Book of Mormon based upon the broad foundation of the mercy and justice of God that appeals at once, not only to my reason, but to my sense of what is fair and right in what we call the handdealings of God with His children.

The Jewish Scriptures represent God as being no respecter of persons, "but in every nation he that feareth him and worketh righteousness is accepted with him."Furthermore, it is represented by the whole tenor of Holy Writ that all mankind are the offspring of the selfsame God;

it assigns to all races of men a common origin, so that all mankind are brethren and have equal claims upon the

God of heaven if they but seek Him and strive to obey His laws.

With these considerations then as basic principles, that is, the impartiality of God, and the common origin and consequent brotherhood of man, fixed in the mind, the thought that God had left whole nations—a whole continent of people—people, too, that were capable of developing a very high order of civilization—to leave these to perish in ignorance of Him, of His attributes, of His relationship to them, of His designs in the creation of the earth and placing them in common with the rest of mankind upon it leaving them in ignorance of the great Redemption wrought out for all men through the death and suffering of the Messiah, without the pleasing assurance of eternal life beyond the grave, without the Gospel, the Church, prophets or the comforting presence of the Holy Ghost—always was and is to me a thought so absurd, so derogatory to the character of Deity, that when I come to investigate the claims of the Book of Mormon to divine origin, there is no one circumstance of evidence which appealed with greater force to my mind than this:—The attributes of mercy and justice in the character of Deity, demand that some such revelation as the Book of Mormon describes should have been given to the inhabitants of the Western Continent.

And a failure to have communicated any such revelation, would in my way of thinking, leave the character of God stripped of those noblest and best of attributes—attributes in which we must devoutly trust—mercy and justice, without which God would cease to be God.

Bold language this perhaps, but no more bold than true.

Nor can the force of the arguments in the last paragraph be broken by citing the fact that there are places in Central

Asia and Africa where the light of God's revelation has never penetrated.

The Jews were centrally located on the Eastern

Continent;

and there, too, Messiah proclaimed His mission, organized his Church, and commissioned His disciples to go and teach all nations.

Asia and Africa were as contiguous to Palestine as Europe, and as directly in contact with those who held the truth as Europe.

9 2 A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

But in the case of the Western Continent it was different.

Its existence was unknown to those to whom the precious revelation pertaining to man's salvation was given;

it was separated from them by two vast oceans, the extent of which they were ignorant of; and there could be no possible inter-communication between them for centuries.

Meanwhile, if the modern Christian theory that the

Bible contains all the revelations of God to man be accepted, the nations of the

Western Continent, powerful and intelligent, and children of one God, rose and fell, and with their magnificent civilization became extinct, without the knowledge of God or any of His purposes!—

a proposition too abominable for belief.

My pleasing task now draws to a close;

I have sought to introduce to my readers this New Witness for God—the Book of

Mormon.

In considering the items of evidence which sustains its claim to being of divine origin, I have made no reference to the prophecies of the Bible which doubtless refer to this record contained chiefly in the 29th chapter of

Isaiah and the 37th of Ezekiel—these and a'number of other passages of like import are treated by an abler pen than mine, and to that exposition of these prophecies I refer my readers.* The presentation I have made of the subject is based upon the following considerations:

I. The necessity of such a witness to receive an active faith in God and Christ, stem the tide of infidelity, and evangelize the world—especially the Jews who for nineteen centuries have had before them all the testimony that Christians could collect and arrange with all the skill of scholarly ingenuity, and yet it makes no perceptible impression upon their minds:

II. The existence of such a witness, and its being brought to light through the revelations of God, is in nothing inconsistent with the word of God as delivered to the Jews, though it may come in conflict with some of the vain traditions and false notions of men.

* See "Divine Authenticity of the Book of Mormon,"by Orson Pratt, chapter vi.

III. Mercy and justice, well known to be attributes of Deity, demand that some such revelation as the Book of Mormon gives an account of, should of right have been made to the peoples inhabiting the

Western Continent.

And since it was made, it is but natural that it was carefully preserved and at last revealed to the glory of God, the strengthening of the Saints, and the confounding of all scoffers:

IV. The traditions of the aboriginal inhabitants of America incontestably prove that at some time or other their forefathers were in possession of the great truths of the Christian revelation;

and the history contained in the Book of

Mormon is sufficient to account consistently for the existence of those facts in American mythology.

In the way of evidence to support the claims of the Book of Mormon to divine origin, I have introduced I. The direct, positive and unimpeachable testimony of three witnesses, who saw the original records from which the

Book of Mormon was translated, in the possession of the angel who revealed their existence to Joseph Smith, and also heard the voice of God declare in the broad light of Day, and beneath the dome of heaven alone, that the record was true and the translation thereof correct, and accomplished by the power of

God.

And also the testimony of eight other witnesses who were shown the original records by Joseph Smith, and who had the privilege of handling them as well as seeing them.

II. The fact that every other theory for the existence of the Book of Mormon than that presented by those believing it of divine origin breaks down under examination, from which fact springs the argument, negative in its character, but strong nevertheless, that Joseph Smith's account of its origin must be true.

III. The internal evidence of the book itself, which consisted of consistency of detail in the construction of the book as a whole, and the fulfilment of numerous prophecies—prophecies, too, which have been fulfilled since the publication of the book, and that were beyond the

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD.

power of those who are looked upon as its authors to bring to pass—events that no human wisdom unaided by the inspiration of heaven could have foreseen, and that none but God could bring to pass.

Here I might rest my case, and without egotism claim that

I have presented an array of facts and testimonies in favor of divine origin of this New Witness for God that cannot be gainsaid; that neither the ridicule of the learned, nor the bigoted scoffing of the ignorant will explain away, or weaken in the minds of those who humbly and thoughtfully seek the truth.

But I have one more evidence to introduce, and I introduce it near the close of what I have to say, partly because of its strength, and partly because it is of such a character that it brings it within the reach of all who become acquainted with the Book of Mormon, to find out for themselves beyond all doubting whether it be true or false.

Moroni, when closing up this record of the Nephites, in giving his last exhortation to those unto whom that work might come, says:

"And when ye shall receive these things (the records he was then about closing), I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost; and by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things."(Moroni x, 4, 5.) Here, then, is a means by which every person into whose hands the Book of Mormon falls may find out for himself, not from human testimony, not from the deductions of logic, but through the power of the Holy Ghost, whether the

Book of Mormon is of divine origin or not.

This test must be final, either for or against it, to every individual who complies with the conditions enjoyed by

Moroni.

Those conditions are, that they into whose hands the record falls shall inquire of God with a sincere heart, with real intent, and having faith in Christ;

and to those who so proceed He promises without equivocation that they shall receive a manifestation of its truth by the power of the Holy Ghost.

Therefore, if these directions are complied with faithfully and honestly, and the manifestation follows not, then they may know it is not of God.

If the manifestation comes, of course the divine origin of the book is confirmed, for the Holy Ghost would not confirm, by any manifestation of its power, an imposition.

Scores of thousands of the Latter- day Saints, who have put this test to the trial, with united voice bear testimony that the Holy Ghost has borne witness to them that the work is of God.

In conclusion I will add my humble testimony, by saying that I have diligently considered all the facts connected with the Book of Mormon.

Have read it and re-read it again and again, and weighed carefully all the facts that tend to prove its divine origin, and have examined all the objections that have been, or that I believe can be urged against it; and if I have any power at all to weigh evidence and arrive at a right conclusion as to any matter of fact, I know from the aforesaid investigation that the Book of Mormon is true.

But better than that, having followed the advice of Moroni, I can testify to all who read my words that through the power and by the manifestations of the Holy Ghost, I know that the Book of Mormon is of divine origin.

And in the name of Jesus Christ I call upon all men to obey the Gospel as contained in that record, accept the testimony it bears to Jesus of Nazareth being the Son of God and the Savior of the world, in whom alone we can hope for salvation;

repent of all your sins, and come unto Christ with a broken heart, but with a fixed determination to sin no more;

receive baptism at the hands of the servants of God, unto whom the Lord hath committed authority to officiate in His name, and you shall receive a remission of your sins, and the gift of the Holy

Ghost shall rest upon you, and to those who walk by the promptings of that Spirit unto the end of life, though they be given the bread of adversity and the water of affliction, yet shall they be saved in the everlasting kingdom of God; and

A STORY OF ZARAHEMLA.

they who hear the message and refuse to accept it, will be under condemnation for rejecting the truth of heaven, and cannot partake of the blessings of the heavenly kingdom.

B. H. Roberts.

A STORY OF ZARAHEMLA.

"Why does Nephi not come? 'Tis past the time, and it is not usual for him to fail."The speaker was a man of some sixty years, erect and strong, though his hair was gray and care and toil had left their lines in the noble lineaments of his face—a face that you may look upon once and carry it in your memory forever.

The forehead was broad at the base and sloped gently backward; the cheek-bones were high, and though the chin and lips were half hidden in the white beard, the former was sufficiently massive and the latter sufficiently compressed to denote firmness of character.

The nose was Roman in type and moderately large.

The eyes a dark grey, large, quick and piercing: and if, indeed, the eyes are the windows of the soul, the soul that looked from these windows was courageous, frank, intelligent, spiritual and benevolent.

He was below the medium height, but the frame was heavy and compact, the limbs massive and well set, and in both form and movement there was a conscious dignity of character.

It may be true among the pampered sons of luxury that "time steals fire from the mind or vigor from the limbs,"but in this case the sixty-five years of the man's life had done little towards sapping either his bodily strength or mental vigor, for he seemed, aside from the whiteness of his hair and beard, to be rather in the prime of manhood than in its sear and yellow leaf.

Such was Nephi, the son of Helaman, the great grandson of the second Alma, and one of the most remarkable prophets and characters of the Western Continent.

Like the second Alma he had given up his position of chief judge of the land, that he might devote himself more completely to the work of the ministry. Such, however, was the wickedness of the people that he had great anxiety of spirit in his ministry and small returns for his untiring and constant efforts.

Violence and crime of every nature ran riot in the land, and those who administered the laws, for the most part, were either too weak to vindicate them, or were hand and glove with the transgressors.

With a zeal characteristic of the man the prophet labored to bring them to repentance.

He foretold the calamities that would overtake them, the destruction of their cities, the desolation of their lands, but all to no purpose, reform they would not; not even the power of God so frequently displayed in his ministry could soften their obdurate hearts or preserve the prophet himself from their hatred.

At the very time we begin this narrative, so constantly had the people of Zarahemla sought his life, that for some time he had kept in seclusion.

"Why does he not come?"again broke from the lips of the prophet.

"Can it have happened that those who seek my life have fallen upon my son?

Oh thou Almighty God! ever my friend and preserver, preserve thou too the life of my son; grant that he might come to me in safety, that he may take from me the great weight of responsibility and let thy servant, unburdened, come to thee in thy kingdom, even as the Spirit whispereth."

Calmed by that peaceful influence which ever rests upon the righteous after prayer, the prophet seated himself on a point of rocks near the summit of the hill, and was soon lost in meditation.

It was an expansive landscape which lay spread out before him, the vision limited on the south and west only by a haziness which hung over field and forest, river and plain, and to the northwest by groups of mountains which stood as watch and guard over the wilderness of

Hermounts.

The grand valley of the

A STORY OF ZARAHEMLA.

river Sidon, for such was the stream whose waters were seen in the distance shimmering in the glorious sunlight, was full of historic interest.

Directly west of the hill, from which the prophet was overlooking the valley, was the city of Zarahemla, for so many centuries the chief city of the Nephites, and which might not be improperly styled the Jerusalem of the Western Continent.

The very hill on which the prophet sat,known to the Nephites as Amnihu, was the rallying place of the forces of the arch traitor Amlici who, eighty-six years before, sought to overthrow the republic and re-establish a monarchy.

The prophet had not been seated long when his reverie was broken by the subdued blast of a horn from the base of the hill.

Wrapping his light robe closely about him he descended to the little dell, whence the sound of the horn proceeded, and there met and warmly embraced a noble youth whose resemblance in feature to the prophet proclaimed him his son.

The younger Nephi, however, was much taller than his father, not so massive of limb, and yet his frame gave evidence of unusual strength as well as great activity.

Just now he appeared exhausted;

his tunic of light material was torn in several places and stained with perspiration;

his belt and sword (his only weapon) he held in his hand, while suspended from his shoulder was the horn which had acquainted his father of his presence.

The deer thongs which made fast his sandals where unloosed, and his limbs and feet were lacerated and bleeding.

"How is it Nephi that you are so late, and why so fatigued?"said the prophet as with loving solicitude he wrapped his own robe about his son and led him to a fallen tree, where they seated themselves.

"Our enemies, father, have become more watchful of late, and before I started Miriam, who had been watching from the tower in the garden, observed several suspicious creatures about our home.

At last I despaired of leaving Zarahemla unobserved and so walked boldly out at the north gate, and for a distance followed down the west bank of Sidon.

I was preparing to cross the river when I discovered that I was followed by a party of five men among whom was Giddianhi's lieutenant, Zemnariah.

Knowing their object to be merely to follow me in hopes of finding your place of concealment, I resolved they should run for it.

Casting my robe away I started at a rapid pace in the direction of the mountains of Hermounts.

About mid-day, hearing and seeing nothing of my pursuers I turned to the north-west until I reached the Sidon, and then crossed to the east bank where I sank down exhausted from the intense heat.

Arousing myself I prayed for strength, and pushed my way through the wilderness of swamps that lies north of this place until I reached this our appointed place of meeting.""You have indeed had a weary day's march, my son, and braved many dangers, as the Gadianton robbers infest the country in the vacinity of Hermounts.

I thank God you have reached me in safety.

But come, after so much exertion you need food and rest."He led the way from the north to the east side of the hill, and through a dense growth of vines and under-brush to the face of a bold cliff; they entered and groped along a dark narrow passage for some distance, when the elder Nephi stopped, procured a flint and steel with which he succeeded in lighting a torch.

The narrow passage here abruptly turned to the right, and a few paces brought them to where the passage widened into a large chamber.

Placing the torch in a socket made for it in the wall, the prophet motioned his son to a couch of skins dimly seen on the opposite side of the chamber.

He soon procured a vessel of water from a stream that passed through the farther end of the cave and with his own hands bathed the feet and limbs of his son.

This done he procured some corn bread, dried venison and fruits, of which the young man partook heartily.

"My son,"began the prophet after Nephi had finished his meal and threw himself back in a half reclining posture on the couch, "you know that for some time I have been impressed that my

A STORY OF ZARAHEMLA.

departure from this sphere of labor is near at hand, whether it is that I shall soon go the way of all the earth""Father,"broke in the young man with tremulous voice.

But before he could add more the prophet silenced him by a gesture—"No, my son, there is no need of grief in contemplating that mysterious change which soon or late will overtake us all, unless they who depart have not the hope of a glorious resurrection."Thus resuming his remarks at the point where his son's exclamation broke in upon him, he said:

"But whether I shall lay my body down in the grave, or be translated as was the prophet Elijah, I know not; but this I know that the Spirit constraineth me to place in your keeping all those sacred records kept by the prophets from the time our fathers left Jerusalem until my day, and make ready for my departure.

For this purpose I sent for thee to meet me here."At this announcement Nephi had started up, his heart beating wildly, for he knew that one great cause of his father's life being sought, by apostate Nephites and hate-blinded Lamanites, was that it was known that he had in his possession these very records; and it was with feelings of alarm that he heard these things were about to be given into his keeping.

"Come with me, my son, and I will show you a treasure more rich than the wealth of kingdoms."So saying he took the torch from its socket and led the way along a passage opposite the one by which they entered the first chamber.

Pausing at last in an apartment about twelve feet square, and five high, he placed the torch in the young man's hands, and going to one corner of the chamber and removing a huge slab of stone, neatly fitted into the side of the wall, he drew from the excavation made in the solid rock, a large breast-plate of burnished steel in which were set in a rim, two clear, half transparent stones this was the Urim and Thummim or the "Interpreters,"as the prophet called them, as he laid the breast plate on a low, square table.

There followed a large set of plates evidently brass and filled with Hebrew characters—the record of the Jews brought by Lehi's company from Jerusalem.

After this another large set of plates was produced having the appearance of gold; many plates in this set were blank without characters or writing of any description.

"These are the larger plates of Nephi, my son, and contain a minute account of the travels, colonizations, wars and government of our people, and on these you will engrave the events of your own day, after the manner in which I have instructed you in that art."Here a smaller bundle of plates was brought out, having the appearance of gold.

The engraving upon them was exceedingly fine and bore evidence of having been wrought with great care and skill.

"These, my son, are the small plates of Nephi,"said the prophet, and are of great value, for they contain many prophecies concerning the coming and mission of Messiah.""This,"he continued as he produced a still smaller bundle of thin gold plates, "is the book of the prophet Ether found by the people of Limhi."Here was produced a round brass ball of curious workmanship with two spindles in it.

"This,"explained the prophet, "is Liahona, or the Director, prepared by the Lord for Lehi and his colony, and which through the faith of the first Nephi directed them in their travels to the promised land."

Last of all he drew from its hiding place a splendid sword.

The hilt was of pure gold, curiously worked, and the blade of the finest steel.

"This is the sword of Laban, and from the time it came into the hands of the first Nephi until now, it has never been unsheathed but in the cause of righteousness and liberty;

and those who are made the guardians of it receive this strict commandment, that as they hope to prosper in heaven's favor, they are to see to it that it is wielded in no other."With silence the young man listened to these explanations and charges and gazed with admiration and wonder upon this collection of sacred records; his breast glowed with a holy enthusiasm, his half formed fears were changed to a righteous zeal for the safety of these sacred things

A STORY OF ZARAHEMLA.

the spirit of the prophets, slumbering within him from his childhood, was awakened.

The conference of father and son over the sacred records and the manner of preserving them continued until the dawn of the next day.

Then, having carefully concealed the records, and refreshed themselves with food, they set out toward the north-east, the young man insisting upon accompanying his father, at least for a part of the day.

About noon they separated, the father to continue his course to an unknown distillation and unknown fate, the son to return to Zarahemla as the future prophet-historian of the Nephites.

While this remarkable interview between Nephi and his son was progressing at the hill Amnihu, events of a very thrilling and interesting character occurred in Zarahemla.

Soon after the departure from the city of the younger Nephi, a man of commanding presence, but with a half sinister expression, in his dark, handsome face, entered the enclosure surrounding the home of the elder Nephi.

At the entrance to the house, a square structure of hewn stone, the portico of which was approached by a short flight of broad stone steps, he was met by a girl, not more than eighteen.

Her full but graceful figure was clad in white garments gathered in graceful folds about her.

Her complexion was beautifully fair, though her hair, of which there was a rich growth, was as black as the raven's wing, and held back from her low brow by a plain clasp-band of pure gold.

The features were regular, and the face lit up with large, dark eyes of wondrous lustre, revealing the depth and purity of her soul.

This was Miriam, the foster sister of the younger Nephi.

She was of Lamanitish parentage, but the curse of a dark skin had been removed through her faith in Christ, and in answer to the prayers of her guardian.

Her parents had been converted in the land Desolation under the teachings of the elder Nephi, and when he fled from that land they accompanied him, but before reaching

Zarahemla the parents died;

the child he brought with him and reared in his family as his own.

"Our Lamanite maiden is about early this morning,"said Giddianhi, for he it was.

"I might say the same of our Gadianton friend,"replied Miriam, her check flushing at the too familiar hint at her parentage.

The man started under this sudden retort; for though it was notorious he had deserted the faith of his fathers, he was not aware that his connection with the secret society, first founded among the Nephites by Gadianton, was suspected.

'And if I am a member of that society,

I should only be one of a band of men who seek to wrest usurped authority from the hands of canting priests and their dupes,"he said with some warmth.

"It ill becomes you, Miriam,"he continued, "to speak with disdain of the brave men who risk their lives to right the wrongs of your people, the descendants of Laman, to whom rightly belongs the government of the land.""I have always observed,"replied the maiden, "that they who do wrong put forward some excuse to justify their actions; and as it is with individuals

I suppose it is with societies.

They must needs conjure up some object, wearing virtue's shape,and falsely persuade themselves that their evil, because it hath an outward semblance of virtue, is good.

No, no Giddianhi, your sophistry has no weight with me.

As for the wrongs of 'my people,'as you are pleased to call the Lamanites, their wrongs exist only in their imagination set on fire by dissenting Nephites, disappointed in their own unrighteous lust for power."Giddianhi winced under this home thrust.

"My people,"continued the maiden, "are the people of God, I know and will own no other, and among us there is no such distinction as Nephite or Lamanite, all are one and the children of our Lord.""Your speech, Miriam, proclaims your training,"said Giddianhi with a mocking laugh.

"Though a stranger had listened to you, if he had ever heard old Nephi preaching in the temple, he would have known you were his pupil; why that

A STORY OF ZARAHEMLA.

stripling Nephi, who apes his father's cant, could not have said it better, and not half so charmingly, for beauty and grace, even make fanaticism interesting."The latter part of the sentence was intended to be complimentary, but Miriam's eyes flashed with indignation, and turning to enter the house, she said "You insult my father and my brother, as well as deride my faith, I care not to listen longer to you."Before she could reach the door, however,

Giddianhi caught her arm and drew her back.

"Listen to me, girl,"he said, almost fiercely.

"I came not to deride your faith nor to speak slightingly of this pretended prophet and his son, who may have done you some kindness;

but to urge again my suit for you in marriage.""That sir, I have told you before and now tell you again, is a vain suit.

A man who is untrue to his God and his people, one cannot hope will be true to his wife.

Let me go.""Not until you have listened to what I have to say,"he replied.

"The government of this land is on the eve of a mighty revolution, the judges will be overthrown, and a kingdom established.

It is within your power,"lowering his voice to a whisper, "to become the queen.

I offer you wealth, position, honor;

every want, every desire shall find its fulfilment.""Stop!"she cried; "I would not consent though you could make me fifty times a queen.

I have ever distrusted you, and this disclosure of your treason makes me loathe you.

Nor shall it succeed;

the chief judge and governor, the good Lachoneus, shall know of your designs.

Your discretion should have taught you better than to seek to make me the partner of your treason."She endeavored to wrench herself free from his grasp; but in vain, he held her hard.

"Not so fast my very patriotic lady.

Think not I have thrust myself so completely into your power.

Young Nephi left the city this morning, on some secret message to his father.

Zemnariah, my trusted friend, and a party of Lamanites are following him, and ere the sun shall set, our party will have in their power this dotard prophet and his son; and I swear by all the sacred vows given us by Gadianton, that if you betray me, their lives shall be the price of your folly."At this threat, a frightened expression came into the girl's eyes, a tremor shook her frame, and a sickening sensation almost stopped the beating of her heart.

Giddianhi observed the changes that had come over her, and at once surmised the cause of her intense agitation.

"So, so,"he half muttered, "young Nephi's danger robs our lady patriot of her zeal.

For some time I have suspected the affection between you of a different character to that of a brother and sister."The girl's cheek, which for a moment had been deadly pale, was now flushed with crimson.

It was not the blush of shame, but of indignation.

Breaking loose from his grasp, she drew herself up to her full height as she said: "Nephi at heart is good and noble, and his soul would disdain to persecute a helpless woman.

I pray that an ever merciful Providence will deliver him from your power.""You shall see that my hate is swifter of foot than the mercy of your Providence,"he said, now giving way to jealous anger.

"Meantime, remember that your silence on what I have disclosed to you is, for the present, the price of his and his father's safety.

Let me further say, that should you reveal what I have said to you, it would but hasten the revolution.

The blow would have been struck ere now, but for a few, half fearful of the wild ravings of that mad Lamanite prophet, who prated on our walls, some five years ago, about signs being given of the birth of this long promised Messiah.

The time has passed, and the mad man's promised sign has failed; but some, ever timid at opposing what is esteemed supernatural, pleaded for a little time, that more people may join our cause and the revolution be made the more easy—then away with this usurped power that cringes at the feet of saintly priests, and cannot

A STORY OF ZARAHEMLA.

move but at the dictation of prophets.

The people shall learn what freedom is, and they who rule shall feel the independence and pride which power gives.

Think of what I have said to you; look with more favor on my suit, for the time will come when I can command that for which I now plead."With this he turned and walked rapidly away, leaving the gentle maiden distressed with contending anxieties, hopes and fears and half formed doubts.

She knew that there had been much disputation among the people respecting the prophecies of Samuel the Lamanite, about the sign of Messiah's birth; many contending that the time for it was past; that many were going over to the unbelievers every day, and that the land was full of bold, wicked men who would halt at nothing to accomplish their own ambitious ends.

She was frightened most that the peace of the city and country were threatened with one of those civil wars, which had so frequently brought disaster upon the Nephites, and yet she was powerless to do anything, except precipitate the calamity.

For some time her agitation well nigh over-powered her, but at last in her secret chamber she poured out her soul in prayer, and received strength and peace of mind, and went about her household duties, directing the servants in their work.

So the day passed, but when darkness settled over the city and Nephi did not return, her fears were again aroused.

All night she listened and watched for his coming, but still he did not come.

The grey dawn found her at the tower in the garden looking anxiously in the direction of the hill Amnihu, whose forest-crested out-lines rose distinctly above the horizon beginning to be made brilliant by approaching day.

"Can it be possible that Nephi has fallen into the hands of his enemies?"was the question she asked herself a thousand times.

The sun had sunk behind the heights of Hermounts, leaving the heavens flooded with glorious light, when, as Miriam was walking in the garden, she was startled by a quick footstep on the gravel walk.

Turning hastily around in the hope of meeting her foster-brother, she was disappointed and not a little alarmed to find that it was Giddianhi.

"I am not so welcome as the one whose return you are so anxiously expecting,"he said, as he approached her, "but I tell you he will not come, except as the prisoner of those, who followed him to the retreat of his father; and when he so returns, I shall be most happy to inform you."During these remarks Miriam had walked in the direction of the house, he following closely behind her, and as she reached the steps leading to the portico, he laid his hand upon her arm and detained her.

"You can ill-afford to be so haughty towards me, Miriam, and it will be to your interest to listen to me.

This day a decree has been issued to the effect that if in ten days the sign oi Messiah's birth is not given, in fulfilment of the poor, crazed Lamanite prophet's prediction, those who refuse to give up these foolish and wicked traditions, will be put to death.

Free men refuse any longer to submit to the fears a belief in your God inspires.

It is in my power now to help you, to save you, if you will come to me.

The time is past for that sign to be given;

it is a childish superstition, yet so persistent is both the elder and younger Nephi in their fanaticism, that they will perish, and encourage their dupes to perish, rather than forsake the tradition of their fathers.""I hope,"said Miriam, "they will be as consistent in this trial as they have in all others; their God has never deserted them, nor do

I believe He will now.""My friendship to them in this trial will be of more importance to them than that of their God, and that is in your power to purchase.

Only be mine, and though this edict fall upon all others, yet they shall live, even though they will not deny their faith.

Refuse, and their fate is sealed.""You boast great power, sir, but still I believe that God's power is above that you possess;

I will trust in him and still refuse you;

if the worst comes, it will be only to perish with the Saints of God,

IOO

A STORl OF ZARAHEMLA.

and to perish with him would be preferable to living with you even in a palace."He was now livid with rage, and, seizing her by the arm, he hissed rather than said—"Think not that such is the fate that awaits you.

You shall not even die with him, though you shall see him die.

But you shall live.

Aye, and that with me.

Not my wife, but my slave, to come and go, to sit or stand, at my nod, and yield to all my will.

She struggled to free herself from him, but all in vain.

He held her fast and threw his arms about her.

She gave a wild scream for help, and the next moment a tall form sprung from under a palm tree and with one blow of his clenched hand stretched her assailant at his feet.

With a glad cry of surprise and joy she rushed into the arms of her protector, for it was Nephi, her foster-brother; nay, more than that, for they were betrothed.

Giddianhi slowly rose to his feet and with an oath disappeared in the fast deepening twilight.

The allotted ten days had nearly passed, and many, in despair of the sign of

Messiah's birth being given, had denied the faith.

On the afternoon of the tenth day the few in the city of Zarahemla.who remained steadfast, were gathered into the temple to fast and pray.

Miriam was there and her gentle manners and patient resignation was a source of strength to all about her.

Fathers were there whose hearts were wrung with anguish for the fate that threatened those dearer to them than life; yet their white faces gleamed with determination, and it was plain to be seen they had fixed their hearts to meet the worst.

Mothers clasped their little ones close to their throbbing breasts, and ever and anon raised their tearstained faces to look into the eyes of their loved and loving husbands.

Children stood grouped about looking with childish wonder at their grief-stricken parents, and some wept with them for no other reason than that they saw their parents in affliction, but knew not the calamity that awaited them.

Without the temple, the unbelievers were assembled, rejoicing over the dismay of those who had believed the prophets and trusted in God.

The wicked oath, the coarse jest, the ribald song rose above the moaning of the faithful within and mocked their sorrow.

They had discovered that Nephi was not among those now in the temple, and they supposed he had made his escape.

With this they taunted the faithful, inside, saying, "Where is your prophet now?''"Does he shrink from the faith he urges you to accept?""Does a true shepherd leave his flock?"These taunts were most difficult for Miriam to bear, and they had been most fruitful in turning men and women away from the faith.

Before the approaching day had streaked the east with light, Nephi had passed the lines of the guard set to see that none, who believed in the promised sign, should escape-, and in a secret place all the day long he had pleaded with his

God to deliver his people.

His absence, however, had been taken advantage of by his enemies who accused him of cowardice.

Giddianhi, at whose instigation the decree of death upon all who looked for the sign to be given, was most industrious in giving out this cry of cowardice, though he was enraged to think that he whom he wished most to destroy should escape him.

In his heart he had no faith in the accusation he so loudly made, and he trembled for his own security so long as the young prophet remained alive and free.

The sun had sunk far down in the western sky when those in the temple were surprised at a sudden cessation of the shouts and yells of the rabble outside, and a stillness, as sudden as it was unexpected, prevailed all about them. A moment later the young prophet Nephi appeared at the entrance of the temple, and walked up to the head of the grand hall.

Facing the Saints and the people who now came thronging into the temple after him, he raised his hand for silence, and as he did so his face shone with a strange brightness.

"Ye faithful ones, be of good cheer, I come to you with the word of the Lord, that this night shall the sign be given, and to-morrow will our Messiah be born into the world."

A ROMAN CIRCUS.

IOI His clear voice rang through all parts of the temple and was heard by thousands of those outside.

The faithful, who had all day looked upon death as certain, now burst into tears of joy. Fear seized upon the vast multitude and they trembled.

Some few tried even now to deride the idea, and mock the fears of those who trembled; but few who had heard the voice of the prophet and felt the power that attended his words could doubt their truth.

All with eager expectancy turned their faces to the west, where the sun was fast sinking out of sight; but after it had sunk behind the distant mountains, the brightness of the day continued to fill the heavens;

an hour passed; two, three, and yet it was undiminished.

Out in the north-west horizon appeared a star of great brilliancy.

This, too, had been one of the promised signs.

All night the light continued, and the next morning when the sun peeped over the eastern horizon, it added but little to the light which had continued through the hours of the night; but it told the people that the night was passed, and the sign of Messiah's birth foretold by their prophets had now been given.

Not alone then on the plains of Judea did the birth of Messiah bring glad tidings of great joy and peace, but in the valley of Sidon, and throughout the land of America the hearts of men were made glad, and they, too, felt the influence of that song sung by the angels to the poor shepherds of Judea—"Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."The greater part of the people on the western continent were converted to a belief in Christ, through these signs being given.

Giddianhi, however, with a number of his wicked followers, fled to the wilderness of Hermounts, and in a few years gathered about him an army of desperate characters and again sought the overthrow of the government.

In this attempt he failed, and in a desperate battle that was fought, he himself was slain.

His lieutenant, Zemnariah, rallied his broken forces and gave battle to the Nephites.

His forces were routed and he himself taken and hanged.

The elder Nephi was never heard from again after his strange departure, and his fate was never revealed to his people.

The younger Nephi was a faithful prophet and servant of God, as Miriam was a faithful, virtuous wife and noble mother.

Both lived through those terrible scenes of destruction and desolation, by which the whole face of the land was changed, at the time of Messiah's crucifixion and during the three days in the tomb, When Messiah, after his resurrection, visited the western continent, both Nephi and Miriam were in the company to whom he first appeared.

Nephi was made the chief Apostle in the Church, and Miriam was warmly greeted and commended by the Lord for her faith and devotion.

Horatio.

A ROMAN CIRCUS.

In the last chapter of the Acts of the

Apostles, we read, that Paul dwelt two whole years in Rome, teaching and preaching of all that concerned Christ and the new faith, as it was then called.

Just where Paul's house was situated, we have no means of ascertaining, but when he was a prisoner, it might be presumed, he was lodged in the Praetorean camp—the site of which is now occupied as a barracks and military parade ground.

From the fact that he speaks of his friends among "the household of

Caesar,"it may also be presumed that he often visited the Palatine hill, where the palace of the reigning emperor then stood.

In going to and from the magnificent homes of his patrons, he would see the arena of the enormous Circus Maximus, occupying the valley beneath him, with its successive rows of seats, running almost up to his feet, and on the other side of the valley, on the slopes of the

A ROMAN CIRCUS.

Aventine, a similar gallery for spectators.

This circus was the most convenient and spacious building of its kind ever erected.

So large was the arena that it was a race course for chariots, horses and footmen.and the scene of gladiatorial combats, and all sorts of commingling contests—men with each other, wild beasts with each other, and of wild beasts with men.

There is reason to believe that the Palatine and Aventine hills originally formed one plateau, but a small stream, now called the Maramma

Mariana, but in classical times the Aqua

Crabia, gradually worked its way through, and made the valley called the Murcion.

This valley is supposed to have been the scene of the notorious rape of the Sabine women during the reign of Romulus, the first mythical tyrant of Rome.

Afterwards King Tarquinius built it up with far stretching rows of seats, composed of brickwork, wood and stone.

The circus was many times enlarged, repaired and embellished after the various fires and the ravishes of time, so that, at the accession of Constantine the Great, it was reported to be large enough to accommodate three hundred and eighty thousand spectators; but any one who has visited the spot will at once see that the space it occupied was not sufficient to find seats for nearly so many.

The Emperor Caligula had a pavilion built for himself on the Palatine hill, and used to give the signal for the commencement of games from that elevated position.

These games, as before stated, were very varied.

In the first place comes the races of men on foot, of horsemen and men in chariots, the combats of gladiators with each other, then of gladiators with wild beasts, and of wild beasts with each other.

Sometimes the men who fought were hirelings, sometimes captives or criminals, and after the reign of Nero, often unarmed, defenseless Christians.

The games often concluded with a general melee of men, wild beasts, stags, buffaloes, and other animals of the chase, into the midst of whom were frequently driven, to give livelier zest to the brutal entertainment, a number of innocent and unarmed Christians.

And yet the Christians were noted as being the most orderly, industrious and faithful subjects of the emperor;

but their refusal to deny their faith placed them without the pale of the law, and a law of extermination was waged against them.

Thousands were slain in the provinces, their property confiscated, and their churches destroyed.

Yet the persecutions to which they were subjected, instead of weakening and destroying them, only tended to the spread of their faith, and their ranks were filled up by new converts as fast as they were thinned by the death of the martyrs.

Towards the close of the reign of Diocletian, he became alarmed at the rapid spread of the Gospel, fully onehalf of the empire having embraced the

Christian faith, and he determined to strike a blow at it, which he trusted would destroy it.

About A. D. 303 he issued a proclamation ordering uniformity of worship throughout the empire.

In consequence of this, and to avoid death, many sought a hiding place in the Catacombs, others fled to the west, where, under the more enlightened Constantine, they were safe from the malignity and persecutions ot their enemies.

Constantine, who had earned for himself the title of ''the^great, having defeated Licinius, became master of the united empire, and in the year 313 made a law, which gave to the Christians equal freedom and rights with his other subjects, and in 314 he made Christianity the religion of the state—at least, he advised his subjects to imitate his example and embrace the divine truths of Christianity.

Thousands, hoping to gain his favor by following his example, abandoned paganism and accepted the new faith.

Though Constantine was not baptized till the close of his useful life, yet he presided over the first general council of the church, which was held at Nice by his authority, A. D. 325, and the barbarians even beyond the confines of the Roman provinces, who had disdained ah humble and persecuted sect, learned to respect a religion which had

THE ANGLO-SAXONS.

been embraced by the most civilized nation and greatest monarch of the known world.

It is related by Eusebius, bishop of Cesarea, that on one occasion, while marching with his army in the campaign against Maxentius, he saw a luminous cross above the meridian sun, inscribed with these words: "By this conquer."This appearance in the heavens was seen by the whole army, and they, as well as their emperor, were naturally much astonished, but it seems to have determined him in the choice of a religion.

The night following he had a vision, in which Christ appeared to him, bearing the same celestial cross, and directed him to make a standard bearing that symbol, and to march against Maxentius and all his enemies, with an assurance of victory.

Eusebius claims to have heard the story from Constantine's own lips, and we have only his authority for its authenticity.

But from this date the arena of the circus and the walls of the Coliseum ceased to echo back the shrieks and prayers of the Christian martyrs;

and they enjoyed comparative immunity and peace until the accession of Julian, A. D.

361, who, in spite of his philosophic and admirable character, stained his reign and name by petty and useless persecutions of the

Christians.

He openly renounced Christianity and made paganism again the religion of the state.

It was too late, however, to attempt to destroy Christianity.

It had taken too deep root in the hearts of the people and maintained its hold, as only truth can.

Julian gave to the Jews permission to return to Jerusalem and rebuild the temple, hoping by this means to throw discredit upon the prophecies of Christ.

The Jews came from all parts of the world to Jerusalem, and worked with the greatest ardor to rebuiid the temple destroyed by Titus, but history tells us that flames burst forth from the ruins, and they were compelled to abandon their work in despair.

Truly the Lord "moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform."Is there no inference to be drawn between those times and our own?

Though we have not paganism to contend with, we have what seems infinitely worse, bigoted Christianity to fight against; yet so surely will Truth prevail, if only to prove the fact that "history repeats itself."M. A.

Y. Greenhalgh.

No man ever yet looked on the dark side of life without finding it.

THE ANGLO-SAXONS.* In order better to become acquainted with the history of Saxon England, we must begin our study with the tribes living on the lands lying on the Weser and Elbe, and south of the Danish peninsula, in far off Germany, about four hundred years before the Saxons were References:

Green's Making of England, and Conquest of England; Kemble's Saxons in

England;

Stubb's Constitutional History of England;

Palgrave's History of the English Commonwealth; Freeman's Norman Conquest,

Vol.

I;

Hallam's Middle Ages;

Collier's, Gardiner's, Pearson's England;

Turner's History of the Anglo-Saxons;

Kingsley's Hereward, the last of the Saxons; Saxon Conquest by

Gildas;

Bede's Ecclesiastical History of England.

known at all in the island of Great Britain.

In the country called Schleswig or Sleswick on our maps, and not many years ago a part of Denmark, but now of the German Empire, lived about the time of Christ and afterward, the Angles, Engles, or English, from whom the present name of England was taken.

Farther south lived the Saxons, and in the Danish peninsula lived the Jutes, after whom the modern Jutland was named.

These were a large, robust, hardy, fair-haired and blue-eyed race of men, much the same in general appearance as their direct descendants, the Scandinavians of to-day.

As they were then in a barbarous con-

io4 THE ANGLO-SAXONS.

dition and continued so for centuries afterward, it is very difficult to learn much about them, and it would not have been possible to learn anything, had it not been for the contact of many of these Germanic or Teutonic tribes with the Romans, who, in defense of their own territories against their inroads, were for centuries at war with them, and at last were obliged to succumb before them.

Tacitus, a Roman sanator, became so much interested in these barbarians that he studied their character, habits, customs, government, laws, etc., and left us about the only valuable work on that subject, namely, his Germania.

Though this does not treat of the Saxons and Angles particularly, still the various tribes were known to be so much alike that a study of one was sufficient for general information on all the others.

Every society, therefore, in Saxon England was much the same as in ancient Germany.

The most valuable possession of the Saxon was his personal liberty, and on this basis was their society organized.

If a man was injured, it was his duty and right to avenge the wrong in person, or if he was unable, then the next of kin was expected to see that the wrong was avenged.

From this came the notion that the family must be held responsible for wrongs done by its members, and reparation for injuries must be made to the family of the wronged party.

From this notion sprung that of public justice, which, still further extended in the course of time, might give rise to the idea of a nation.

In their quarrels and wars, those of the same family fought side by side, and when they wandered from one place to another, they went together in one body and settled down side by side; so that in this way we can account for the names of many of the cities and villages in England at the present time, like those whose names end in ham, ton or tun, wick, etc.

For example, the Billings family located a ham-let which, from the name of the settlers was called Billingham, and is still known by that name, so with many others.

Each freeman lived apart on his own tract of land, and jealously guarded his own from encroachments of neighbors or others.

The family was the unit in this organization, and although the wife, similar in all respects to the man, was held in most things as his equal and companion, still the husband was the head and representative of this unit.

Each village again was separate and distinct from its neighbors, with its limits well defined, all land within the limits or "mark,"and not occupied by the freemen was regarded as the common property of all, and the pastureland and woodland were used by all in common.

But hay and farming lands were divided every year in the common council among the freemen in due proportion.

This council was called the "mark-moot."

Around the village was usually constructed a rude fence of sticks with a deep'ditch on the outside, to serve as protection against their neighbors, or against foreign invasion.

This defense was called a tun and hence such names as Arlington, Northampton, etc.

The freemen were divided into two classes, the eorls (earls) and ceorls (churls); the former a kind of nobility owning generally larger tracts of land, and usually chosen to lead in war or preside in public meetings and courts, though this distinction of eorl did not entitle him to any more right to fill such offices than the ordinary ceorl.

Several villages having some common relationship to each other constituted a tribe, which was led at first by the one who had given evidence of the best qualification to fill the place in time of peace and war, but afterward such office is likely to have become hereditary though not from father to eldest male descendant, but simply to the most capable within the family.

Such was the ealdorman, that is, the older man, now alderman.

As the German was taught by his religion that everything that was to happen in this world, had been determined upon by his gods before hand

THE ANGLO-SAXONS.

he had nothing to fear in battle or adventure, as he felt he could not avert his fate no matter how much he might try.

Again only those who had been cut down by the sword could enter Walhalla, the palace of their great god, Woden, where forever afterwards they fought during the day, cutting each other in pieces, and when evening came, at the sound of the trumpet, all the scattered parts of their bodies were immediately brought together and healed, after which they spent the evening feasting on roasted bear's flesh, and drinking beer from the skulls of their enemies, used as goblets.

The worship of their gods, among which they included the sun, moon, and forces of nature, was generally conducted on some lonely heath, under a wide spreading tree, or more commonly still in some dense and gloomy grove, where human sacrifices were offered up, though the most acceptable to their deities was the horse, whose flesh was cooked and eaten by the worshipers.

The names of their gods have given us the names of our days of the week, namely, Sim-day, Moon-day, Tui- 'sday, IVodeu'sday, T/ior'sday, Freyaday, Sczter-day.

About half a century before Christ, Julius Caesar the great Roman soldier and statesman, crossed over with his army to Britain and defeated some of the opposing tribes, but did not attempt any permanent conquest.

It was not until about half a century after Christ that the Romans subjugated the southern part of the island, and made it a province of the empire.

The Celts living here made rapid progress in civilization and became quite prosperous, but only in the larger towns.

The people in the country districts seem to have still retained their ancient speech, law, customs, etc., on which the Romans exerted but very little influence.

At last, 400 A. D., Rome was in such straitened circumstances in consequence of the invasion of Italy by the Goths under Alvaric, that she was compelled to call away her legions from Britain in order to defend herself.

Thus the British were left a prey to the inroads of the unconquered Scots and Picts of the north of Britain.

The struggle between these was fierce and long continued, but despairing of being able to defend themselves, the richer class fled to the opposite coasts of France and there occupied what is now known as Bretagne, the origin of which name is self-evident;

but those who were obliged to remain, called to their assistance the Saxons, who came over under their leaders Horsa and Henghest.

But these, finding the country much more productive than the one they had just left and the climate milder, resolved to remain, and soon invited more of their brethren to follow them, and thus commenced one of the fiercest struggles recorded in history, lasting for over one hundred and fifty years, at the end of which time, the unfortunate Celt or Welshman, overwhelmed by numbers constantly replenished and increased by hordes from northern Germany, while the gaps in his own forces could not be filled, was forced at last to retreat to the mountains of Wales, which he still occupies.

Those who did not thus take refuge in the mountains were exterminated, reduced to slavery or became incorporated with their German conquerors, and although the English language is composed but slightly of Celtic roots, still the Englishman has a good portion of Celtic blood in his veins to-day.

No sooner had the Saxons fairly settled in England, than they commenced to quarrel among themselves, as each chief who came over had conquered a particular part of England and was ambitious to extend it as much as possible.

There were at one time not less than seven different kingdoms in the conquered part of England.

But these in the course of time were consolidated one with another, until in 827 A.

D., Egbert, king of Wessex, was acknowledged ruler of all the Saxons, and thus founded in that year, as the historians take it, the kingdom of England, i.

e., the land of the Engles or Angles.

After the establishment of the kingdom of England, no great changes took place in the distribution of the popula-

io6 THE ANGLO-SAXONS.

tion of the country, though for centuries these Teuton invaders, now called Danes, came down and harried the coasts of not only England, but nearly all Europe.

They were allowed to settle in certain spots, and soon became so mingled with the rest of the population so much like themselves, that their identity was soon lost.

For a time in the beginning of the eleventh century, England was governed by Danish kings, but in the year 1066, A.

D., the Normans, another race of these northmen, who had settled in northern France, and had now become well advanced in civilization, crossed over the channel, conquered the

English, and established a new line of kings, modifying England by the admixture of this new Norman element and making it Norman instead of Saxon, though more in name than reality.

Though in general character the same, the Saxon found it necessary in his new home to modify or develop many of his laws and customs.

Thus, in order to defend himself against those he had dispossessed and also against his neighbors of his own race, he was compelled to have some leader to act both in war and peace on a larger scale, and thus originated the king, whose office was hereditary within the royal family, descending generally to the one best fitted to fill it.

It was lawful to expiate the crime of murder by the payment to the relatives of the murdered man, a sum of money, the amount of which depended upon the rank of the deceased.

From this we learn that there were in England two classes of eorls, or thanes as they were now called, namely the king's thanes, and the lesser thanes, but what really constituted the difference between them, we are unable to learn.

The condition of the ceorl or cheorl was various even in the same parts and at the same time.

In some cases he owned land, and if he increased it to a certain limit, he might be raised to the rank of the noble.

In other cases, he was free to go where he pleased and work for any master he might choose.

Then there were others who lived on the land of the nobles,and could not leave it without the permission of the owner, but in all these cases, they were regarded as free men and capable of becoming eorls on complying with the required conditions.

Beneath the lowest of the above ranks came the slaves, who must have been made up largely of the conquered Britons together with many Saxons themselves, who, in the course of the wars carried on with each other, were taken prisoners and, according to the custom of barbarous nations, either slaughtered or sold into slavery.

To assist the king in making and executing the laws the great council ol the nation, called the Witenagemot, i.

e.

Court of the wise men, was established.

This body was composed of the prelates and abbots, the aldermen of the shires and the noble and wise men, though just exactly who these latter were, we cannot now ascertain, but probably they were the greater nobles, and others fitted by their wisdom and learning to give council in the affairs of government.

The people of a county were first divided up into groups of ten families each called a tithing, over which presided the tything man, who seems to have been nothing more than a petty constable and possibly in small offences may have acted as judge.

Ten of these tithings, though the number never could have remained the same for any length of time, and not even in the start could it have been thus conveniently constituted, formed the centenary or hundred presided over by the centenarius or hundred-man, before whom all petty offenders within his jurisdiction were brought, and by whom they were punished; but all the more important cases, and also those in which members of different centenaries were concerned, were carried before the shire-mote or county court, which under the control of learned, able, and distinguished men, and carried on before the assembled freemen of all ranks, inspired confidence in its decisions and was always regarded by the Englishman as the legal bulwark against tyranny and injustice.

These courts were the most important in the whole governmental system, and in an age of so much barbarism

THE GIANT'S CAUSEWAY.

and ignorance, the judicial department of government is much more important than the legislative.

The county court convened twice a year and was conducted by the bishop and the alderman, the latter sometimes of the royal family, but just how cases were tried it is not possible to tell.

What part the thanes and churls took in the proceedings is also a matter of conjecture, though both classes seem to have enjoyed certain rights and privileges, especially in cases concerning those of their own rank.

Many writers, who are prone to accept slight or circumstantial evidence as conclusive proof, declare that "trial by jury"was the common practice from the earliest times among the English. Though this can not be satisfactorily shown, still some similar system resorted to occasionally and giving good satisfaction, may have been the origin of our own present system.

One of the most peculiar institutions of the Anglo-Saxons was their law of frank-pledge; which, though imperfectly and hence differently understood by historians, seems to have made all those of the same tithing or may be in some cases, those of the same hundred, responsible for the crimes of any of their associates.

This responsibility, however, only extended so far as doing all things reasonable for the apprehension and conviction of the wrongdoer, and in case this would not be shown then the whole tithing was held either to pay the fine, if the criminal's property was insufficient to do this, or to suffer imprisonment until the fine was paid.

It can be readily seen how such a law must have operated to secure peace and order among a barbarous race, so devoted to personal liberty, and disposed to take the execution of the law into their own hands.

A study of the subsequent history of

England will show the same characteristics and institutions as during this early period, though, of course, as one would naturally suppose, they have been further developed and perfected.

For its important bearing upon the laws and customs of the later history of England we could wish that our knowledge of Saxon England were less fragmentary and conjectural, as from that old England has grown the present British empire, the greatest, most liberal and progressive the world has ever seen.

Joseph B.

Toronto.

If you have good health you have ninetenths of all the Lord ever gives to man.

THE GIANT'S CAUSEWAY.

There is nothing like a guide book after all.

I can almost hear some one exclaim "Heaven be praised."

Without it what would become of the prodigious memories of countless would-be descriptive writers who, by its friendly aid, remember with astonishing facility things they never knew before.

The following regarding the Giant's Causeway, which I really did visit, will therefore be understood as being the product wholly of a good memory—as to where the guide book was carefully placed.

Oh, that day!

The clatter of the Paddies and Paddieses who wanted to guide you, "Lord love yez,"and to sell "Yez somethin'putty far the layde,"and the boatmen who would row "Yez over the bit wather and show yez the cave, shure?"rings in my ear to this day.

But it was pleasant.

Ah, yes;

and I would gladly suffer all I knew, not on that day alone, but on many, once more to taste the deep and wild rapture that often filled the heart as the glory of the fair earth, seen on this green little isle, sank upon it and left the ineffaceable record of a better impulse that grew out of the moving sight.

People are chicken-hearted in many ways, and one of them is over the scenery a fellow can't describe, but which he will persist in attempting to paint in his halting lines, that others may

io8 THE GIANT'S CAUSEWAY.

struggle, (vainly and unsuccessfully matters not to him) to see it as he did. How vain we are any way!

As though two beings ever saw anything precisely alike!

As though, with our imperfect sight, and varied foibles, and differing impulses, and unlike desires, we could see, either in the mind's eye, or by the eye itself, anything just as it truly appears to another.

But I had better hold up, or I shall make a worse hand at metaphysics than

I can at description.

To put in the dry and uncompromising language of the book on the subject, "the causeway proper consists of a tongue of basaltic, pillared rock (divided into three parts by whyn dykes) somewhat triangular in plan, the base measuring about three hundred and fifty feet across, and jutting into the sea for a distance of about seven hundred feet.

The height of these columns of pillars is very irregular, the highest not exceeding thirty feet, while the great majority are little above the high tide mark."This promontory has, however, given its name to all that portion of the country or shore lying between the two points known as Benbane Head and the Black

Rocks—a distance of nearly three miles.

In ancient times it was called by the Irish, Clochan na bh Fomharaigh, and I take it there must have been a very determined emphasis on the bh, as that syllable can only be pronounced after a long and severe course of elocutionary training, and at times of great provocation.

Well, this Clochan na bh Fomharaigh, means the Cloghan, or Slipping

Stone, or Causeway of the Formorians.

These Formorians, ancient Irish history credits with having been African searovers, or pirates, in the unshaded opinion of the plain spoken.

But in these days, when a plain "drummer"of a few years back has, like the chrysallis into the butterfly, evolved or developed into the "commercial traveler,"why may we not be justified in referring to the pirate of old fashioned times as the sea rover? or the jolly seaman? or the sad sea dog? or the unbridled tar?

Why not?

Well, these African sea-rovers were met on their invasion of Irish soil, by a race of so called Parthalonians, said to have been Scythians, who sailed from Greece as early as 2,520 of the year of the world, or 278 years after the deluge.

Suffice it to say, (that we may be extricated from this musty period) that the Parthalonians overcame and destroyed the Formorians; but they could not kill them to the minds of those determined to have a blood curdling ancestry for the Irish people.

In consequence of which the intervening years have placed to the credit of the Formorians many wonderful stories of prowess, which were later developed into the work of giants.

This peculiar rock formation was, therefore, laid to their door, and hence the name, "The Giant's Causeway,"or the stepping place or walk way of these Giants, between the shores of Ireland and those of "Caledonia,"stern and wild, which, on a clear day, are discernible from the northern coast of Erin.

To give color to the idea that there has, at some remote date, been a connection, by means of these basaltic pillars, between the two countries, there is to be seen a similar formation on the opposite coast of Scotland, at

Fingal's cave, Staffa.

But the accepted theory, to-day, is that they are the lava of submarine volcanoes which, cooling under the pressure of water, became crystallized, and thus took on their present form.

Later, they are supposed to have been raised from their ocean bed, and to have now become one of the chief attractions of the north of Ireland, the source of many aggravations, the scene of many visitors, and the means of a livelihood for many who prey upon the credulity and pride of the curious who gather there.

The sides of these pillars vary from three to nine, the majority being pentagons or hexagons.

They are in joints, varying in length, and are usually under twelve inches, but are placed upon top of each other, and fit with such nicety, that nothing could be more perfect.

These joints are also concave and convex, joining very closely, and they make a most desirable pavement, every pillar fitting perfectly to the one adjoining no matter

THE GIANT'S CAUSEWAY.

how many sides it may have.

There are also many curious arrangements, and the guides will show you the "lady's fan,""the key"to the Causeway, the "perfect square,"and many other things that j'ou say you see perfectly, but which you cannot detect for the life of you.

There are two caves near the Causeway, or rather, they are features of the Causeway, and all day long, whenever we approached the water edge, we were besieged by boatmen, who would insist on taking us out and rowing us into the caves.

It may explain a boat ride I took on that day, when it is stated there was no way to get into the cave without being rowed in, unless one undertook to swim, there being absolutely no connection by land.

For various sums, governing different persons, as to numbers, were we besieged by these persistent fellows, and whenever there was a lady present, the whole of the blandishments were bestowed upon her, no doubt, under the assumption that she had only to express the slightest inclination that way, and the whole assemblage of the male sex would at once be persuaded that the only thing in life worth living for was to get beastly sick, and to give the greasy boatman three shillings and sixpence for the unnamable rapture.

At last, in an unaccountable moment of recklessness (such as a man feels when he has but twenty-five cents in the whole world, and he resolves to let it go), one of the party declared he would pay for the trip.

We were pulled down the hill, and after little less than a pitched battle between the contesting boatmen for our munificence, we finally got into one boat and started.

It looked abominably rough, but the boatman, on his honor, declared, that he hadn't seen so "foine a day this many a day."There were two of him—the boatman—and they pulled directly for a huge rock, over the top of which the waves seemed to take an angry delight in breaking with a loud swash.

"Hold on!"yelled one of our party.

"You're pulling right on to that confounded rock!"Ah! that the blandest and most assuring smile it has ever been my fortune to behold.

"Shure, there's no fear.

If I didn't know the way myself, faith the bit boat knows the road so well she wouldn't strike it.

Do ye moind, that she knows all the sthones here and she'll dodge thim, niver fear."And before he had finished this panegyric on his leeking old tub, we had already passed the dangerous point and were turning toward the cave.

It was a little rough outside the mouth and as they took aim before pulling a few good strokes, to speed us through the surf and into the dark hole that was awaiting our reception, I was not too seasick to desire again to be sitting in the wishing chair, and listening to the seductive wiles of the old lady who claimed, as her portion of this Causeway (out of which she could wheedle a sixpence from the would be wisher) that particular spot, known as the wishing chair.

But we got inside with safety and the impetus the boatmen gave the boat before entering sent us some distance into its depths and beyond the point where the oars could not be used.

It was quiet and cool, and peaceful inside, with nothing very startling to reward one for the ride; but as we turned to retrace our course and saw, beyond the closing walls, the sun lighting up and revealing the varied colors of the waves outside, with nothing for the eye to rest upon as far as it could see, save the leaping waves that seemed to rise above us, and the overarching azure heavens, there was a sense of rest and security and of pleasurable peace, with suggestions of deeper emotions, that made the ride one not unworth the while.

"This wuz where the Giant shaved himself,"said the senior boatman; "and it was a moighty close shave too, I'm towld,"he added with a smile that revealed three smoke-blackened teeth.

"How is it he came here to shave?"enquired one of us—which one I am not at.liberty to state.

"Yez 'ell absarve the moighty foine looking glass the wather is here,"and he pointed to the placid surface in which was mirrored the overhanging rocks, and the boat and the faces of

no A BRAVE WOMAN..

the party as they sought the bottom with their eyes.

"That's too thin,"ventured another.

The boatsman looked a moment with an inquiring expression of eye, but quickly responded: "Devil the bit;

shure there's the lather that he left;"and he pointed to the foam outside the mouth of the cave.

We left him alone.

The wishing chair, already mentioned, is formed of the rocks, a particular stone being a little higher than the others near it on one side, while on the other side the stones form around it of even height until they are not absolutely unlike the back of a chair—though only the most determined and impecunious could ever have been persuaded to call it a chair.

But it was here the giants did their wishing.

As I ascended to do my wishing, I found that an Englishman and his wife had preceded me and the lady was just in the act of taking the seat for her "wish"as her liege lord said:

"Ask for ten thousand pounds a year, my deah; it's shuah we'll need it if we remain much longah in this confounded country."

The spunky Irish woman took the taunt without a grimace, but she got the Englishman's money, and that was much sweeter revenge than talking back, I ween.

Then it came to be my turn.

I was young and unmarried.

The old lady gave me the rules that were to be observed and assured me that any wish I might make would come true with unerring certainty.

As I sat down, I expressed my heartburning desire aloud, and, thinking to test the efficacy of the stone to the uttermost, I chose what then seemed to me an impossible condition of affairs to occur within one year.

"I would like,"^said I, "a wife and family within the year."Then I looked at the old lady triumphantly.

Did she blanch?

Not she; but with a most astonishing expression of voice, loudly exclaimed:

"May the good Lard preserve us; shure he's going to marry a widdy wid a family ready made."The rest of this day I prefer not to describe.

Robt. W. Sloan.

A BRAVE WOMAN.

In the autumn of 1877 a portion of the

Cape Colony known as Galekaland had been in considerable ferment, and the fires after smoldering for some time had broken out in the flames of rebellion and war.

It is during the time that passed between the breaking out of the war and the arrival of troops to the rescue of the scattered white population in this rebellious district, that the following episode took place:

Situated about fifteen miles from Ibeka, a small village and in the Idutche reserve, was a lonely mission station, comprising a small chapel, a house and a few native huts.

Here it was that a member of the Church of England Missionary Society carried on his labors and sought to turn these savages from their ways of darkness to those of light.

The family besides the minister consisted of his wife and three small children, the eldest a girl aged twelve, and two boys, aged respectively, ten and seven, besides which were two native female servants.

At the time of the attack by the Kaffirs upon the Fingres, the missionary was away from home attending to his religious duties at a neighboring village.

The first news of the rising that reached his wife was of a dreadful massacre that had taken place by the Kaffirs near Ibeka, in which the proprietor of a store and his family had been murdered by a band of these bloodthirsty warriors after a stubborn resistance, and the store looted and burnt.

The night after this word came was passed anxiously until another dawn broke.

With it came terrible news.

A friendly native, who had been traveling on during the night, reported to one of the servants that the fiends at Quintana had cruelly butchered the missionary in a drunken frenzy, turning a deaf ear to his entreaties to spare him, who had done them no harm, and that he had died after enduring terrible torture, asking

A BRAVE WOMAN.

m pardon for his murderers.

The shock was terrible to the afflicted wife, but the instinct of the mother arose within her for the preservation of her children. She assumed command of the little garrison and set herself about victualing it to withstand a siege if necessary.

A plentiful supply of water was brought in from the stream, and lastly all the available arms of the quondam fortress were turned out, loaded and put in readiness at some small loopholes that had been left for the purpose.

A friendly native went out to reconnoiter, and about o'clock returned with the startling information that a band of about fifty men on foot and on horseback, were making their way across the plain, in the direction of the station, and were then about three miles distant, coming on at a leisurely pace, but fully armed.

The doors were instantly fastened and barricaded and every corner of the house was inspected by its brave commander, who determined to sell herself and her little ones as dearly as possible.

She strove to rally the courage of her little force by prayer and a recollection that they were in God's hands.

A little hero arose in the eldest boy, who said:

"You and Tombi shoot, mamma, and I and Harry will load the guns."Nearly an hour passed in this dreadful suspense.

The approaching party came leisurely on and headed toward a point a quarter of a mile to the left of the house, where they paused, and hope began to assert itself that after all they might pass and leave them unharmed.

But it soon became evident that the result of this short halt only meant a council of war as to the plans to be pursued in attacking the house, their eagle eyes having taken in the fact that it had been put into a state of siege and that the inmates were determined to show fight.

One of their number rode forward a few paces and summoned the garrison to surrender, promising that their lives should be spared.

There was not an inmate of that household that did not know how little the word of a Kaffir could be relied upon, and the reply that was sent forth to this demand was that the band should move on about their business and leave their masters, the English, to theirs.

A derisive laugh from the savage followed this, and he yelled out a blood-curdling answer that his band would tear the hearts out of the inmates, as they had from the father.

They came forward with many yells and brandishing ofassegais towards the house, till they were within seventy yards, when they stopped and commenced a wild firing upon the fort, the balls from their rifles pattering upon the sides and roof, but doing no damage.

The brave lady, with her one companion in arms and surrounded by the two boys, who each grasped a cartridge box, sent a reply in the shape of a volley from their rifles, which took effect upon one of the enemy.

A fusilade was kept up on both sides for some minutes, the gallant little band inside being untouched, but several of the besiegers had been wounded and their fury was raised to a frenzy, as they were met by a galling fire, try what quarter of the building they would.

Again they retired to consult, and as a result mounted their horses and, followed by the footmen, rode away.

That day passed in anxiety, but no enemy appeared and night fell, and still there was no sign of their foes.

The faithful Fingre urged them to rest while he watched, and thus the night passed until the first blush of dawn showed itself in the east, when the watcher awakened his mistress and quietly told her to prepare for another onslaught.

His eyes had not mistaken the indistinct figures that he caught a glimpse of in the darkness, for hardly had the besieged reached their posts when they were assailed with a heavy fire of bullets, and in the uncertain light they saw a large number of the relentless Kaffirs making a rush towards them.

Their rifles cracked time and time again as they emptied the contents at the advancing savages, now scarcely twenty yards distant, but these did not waver, they hurled themselves against the barricades, which they endeavored to beat down, and some, having

CRIPPLE JIM.

lit torches, threw them upon the thatched roof of the building, setting it on fire and adding another terrible phase to their already desperate condition.

The poor mother was now almost driven to despair; the new danger threatened destruction.

But again the heroic boy came to the rescue.

Bidding his sister take his place at the cartridge box he moved towards the kitchen of the building, which was in the rear, and, peeping through the loop hole, reconnoitered.

The enemy had retired, waiting for the fire to do the work for them, and the lad, having assured himself that no one was lurking around, crept out with a pail of water and, groping his way towards where the nearest torch had been thrown, emptied the contents upon it and returned.

Twice he did this, and was emerging a third time, when he was grasped by the throat by a huge Kaffir, who dragged him away towards the attacking band.

The appearance of the Kaffir with his captive was the signal for a wild yell, and with the trembling boy in their midst, they dashed once more toward the house. The horror of the now frantic mother was terrible, as in the fast approaching daylight she recognized her boy in the hands of these monsters.

Moreover, she dared not shoot for fear of wounding her son, who called out to his mother "to shoot and not to mind him."The grief of the woman was heartrending, and it was with difficulty that she could be dissuaded from rushing forth towards her son, but her agony was short lived.

Even as she wavered there arose upon the morning air a clattering of hoofs, and, before the savages could recover from their surprise, with a hearty cheer and sabers raised aloft, there dashed into their midst a party of Cape Mounted Rifles, and the enemy broke and fled.

Fred. G. Browning.

CRIPPLE JIM.

Little Jim Gray was a sick cripple lad,.

Who seldom was out of his bed;

He lived most alone—his poor mother had

To go out and wash for their bread.

His home was in a back, narrow street,

And up in an attic so high, That to get to the humble retreat

Was like climbing up into the sky.

That Jim was always a most happy boy

Any one could tell from his looks;

He could not play, and his time would employ

In looking at pictures and books.

'Twas seldom that Jim got any new book,

His mother could not spare a cent;

Though she worked hard, all her money it took,

To buy food, and clothes, and pay rent.

His mother would sometimes find on the street

Some picture the wind blew away,

And bring it to him.

Ah!

that was a treat That would last poor Jim a whole day.

On the same flat lived a maiden named Nell,

Just under eleven years of age;

Both of her parents were known very well,

As two good actors on the stage.

Nell's father would always quarrel and fight,

And spend all the money he had;

He drank in the day what he earned in the night, And that made little Nellie so sad.

And many a time poor Nell had to fly

To hide in the home of Jim Gray;

And there both the children would sob and sigh

And wa*ch till her pa went away.

Jim would share his scant meal with poor sobbing Nell,

Always giving the biggest part;

At the same time his best stories would tell

To cheer up and comfort her heart.

He showed her the prints, himself loved so well,

The grim old castles, and saints;

And twenty times o'er again he would tell

How he longed for pencils and paints.

"He knew he could make such pictures as these,

And draw them, he thought, just as well;

He'd paint a picture of flowers and trees,

And right in the center his Nell!"

And thus Cripple Jim would build in the air,

And great works of art he would plan;

CRIPPLE JIM.

"3 He always saw best when Nellie was there;

His thoughts then were those of a man.

Just before Christmas—some ten days or so

Widow Gray was walking alone, She stumbled and fell in the slippery snow,

And injured her back on a stone.

'Twas all she could do to crawl home that night,

The pain was cutting her through!

Jim only could mourn, and cry at the sight

For what could the sick cripple do?

All day long she lay moaning in bed,

No ease could she find in the night;

Sometimes raving and out of her head,

That set Jim crying with fright!

And there wan and worn that sick widow lay,

And there sat poor Jim on his bed,

Both of them now fast passing away,

Starving for water and bread!

No neighbor or friend ere came to find out

If Jim and his mother were well;

But Jim in his sorrow would often cry out "Oh! do come and see us, dear Nell!"

Nell's pa had got her a place on the stage

To act in the new Christmas play;

She was to appear three times as a page,

But only a sentence to say.

And five hours a day she had to be there

To rehearse and to well learn her part;

For actors, you know, must study with care,

And learn every sentence by heart.

Beside this she had a work on her mind

She wanted to help Cripple Jim,

And had been thinking what plan she could find

To buy paints and brushes for him.

Nell knew she was poor, but poor as she was

This plan was for ever in view;

She would act the part of old Santa Claus,

And present them as secretly too.

Her plans were all fixed—next day little Nell

Was seen on the public parade,

A dozen boxes of matches to sell;

For part of the profit she made.

Day after day, when rehearsal was done,

Without ever a moment for play,

That brave little girl was kept on the run

To sell but one dozen a day.

The day before Christmas Nellie felt glad,

Although she was both sick and faint,—

Counting her money she found that she had

Sixty cents for pencils and paint!

So on Christmas eve, when the acting was o'er, Nellie went to work out her plan

Slowly she lifted the latch of Jim's door,

Put the paints on his bed—and rani

Next day was Christmas—and all through the earth Was heard the sweet music of Love

The holy angels proclaiming the birth

Of Christ,—our Redeemer above!

And all through the land the music was rung—

The anthem re-echoed again The words that the angels that morning sung, "Peace on earth, and good-will to men!"

Even the snow flakes that were falling so fast

Seemed to catch up the strain of the day,

And danced to the chant of the Christmas blast,

And chased one another in play.

Such was the morning when Nellie arose

She heard not a word of the strain,

Save the cold snow on her scanty bed clothes

That blew through broken window pane.

When Nell awoke she was happy and glad

As soon as she opened her eyes

Her first thoughts were upon the sick lad,

And how he would look with surprise!

She went to his door, and gave a light tap,

And listened for voices within!

And hearing no sound she gave a loud rap,

But no one yet bade her, "come in!""He must be asleep!

I'll go in and see, And give him a kiss just for fun!

And kiss his mamma—but before they kiss me

I'll make them believe I will run!"And in she went—but, ah! what a surprise!

There he lay stretched on the bed!

Nellie could see the dim glare in his eyes,

And knew that her poor Jim was dead!

Her face like the snow—she ran from the room

And got to the landing when, lo!

With a wild scream, she fell down in a swoon

That startled the inmates below!

All now was known—for the news soon was spread

And whispered on every breath:

"Jim and his mother were both lying dead;

Both mother and son, starved to death!"

The neighbors all asked—but no one could tell "Why a box of paints should be there?"

And none of them thought to ask little Nell "For how could she know or even care?"

But when they were buried, that little saint

Who had acted so good and so brave,

Got all his pictures, and that box of paint,

And laid them with Jim in his grave!

James Dunn.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, January, 1889, CHRISTMAS.

It may be a question whether the 25th of December is really the anniversary of

Messiah's birth; but so firmly rooted in the popular mind is the tradition, and surrounded by the glamour of so many pleasant associations, that even were it most plainly demonstrated that it was not the anniversary, it would be difficult to change the celebration of the event to any other time of the year—such is the tenacity with which the human mind clings to tradition, to the customs of long standing.

There is something in our childhood recollection of this festive season of the year that has spread around it a charm that we could not see dispelled without deep regret.

It has ever been the time when those whom stern necessity has driven forth from the parental roof, into the mad struggles of the world, return to renew the fond associations with father and mother, brothers and sisters, friends and neighbors of early life. And say what you will,though the true Christian faith has doubtless been very much perverted, the laws of the Gospel transgressed, its ordinances changed, its covenants broken, and even the day of Christ's birth mistaken, still the Christmas season is a gracious, hallowed time, and something of that spirit which whispers "peace on earth, good will to man,"is inseparably connected with it.

It occurs too at a season of the year, when both heart and intellect are more susceptible to social enjoyment, than at any other.

With the masses the weariness of ceaseless toil is somewhat subdued, and there is more leisure for social enjoyment than at any other season.

Then again, as so beautifully said by Washington Irving:

"There is something in the very season of the year that gives a charm to the festivity of Christmas.

At other times we derive a great portion of our pleasures from the mere beauties of nature.

Our feelings sally forth and dissipate themselves over the sunny landscape, and we live abroad and everywhere.

But in the depth of winter, when nature lies despoiled of every charm, and wrapped in her shroud of sheet-snow, we turn for our gratifications to moral sources.

The dreariness and desolations of the landscape, the short gloomy days and darksome nights, while they circumscribe our wanderings, shut in our feelings also from rambling abroad, and make us more keenly disposed for the pleasure of the social circle.

Our thoughts are more concentrated;

our friendly sympathies more aroused. We feel more sensibly the charm of each others society, and we are brought more closely together by dependence on each other for enjoyment.

Heart calleth unto heart; and we draw our pleasures from the deep wells of loving kindness, which lie in the quiet recesses of our bosoms;

and which, when resorted to, furnish forth the pure element of domestic felicity."All these things combine to make Christmas a season of rich delight. They make home more bright, and lend to it charms which longest live in the memory, and administer pleasure to the mind through the recollection,when separated from the parental home and its associations by time or distance.

It is a season which warms and broadens the hospitality of the soul, and inspires it to the performance of gentle deeds of kindness.

It is a time when age is comforted, childhood made glad, and poverty blessed; and for this reason it has been and is a source of happiness to man, and its proper observance cannot be too much encouraged.

Life for the most part, and even at the best is a dreary waste, a desert, and the oases in it are none too numerous or too bright;

and as Christmas is the largest, the brightest and the best, let joy at reaching it flow unchecked, and the festivities of it administer to the happiness of man.

Whether correctly or incorrectly, tradition has fixed the 25th of December as the anniversary of Messiah's birth, and

EDITORIAL.

"5 so long as his name is associated with that day, and the festive season which it inaugurates, reason and sentiment, to say nothing of religion, would suggest that while it is a time of rejoicing, the pleasures should be of a character that they would by no means be disapproved by him whose birth day, in theory at least, Christians seek to honor.

But how far short of the theory falls the practice in many instances!

How much is the Savior of the world honored by those who celebrate his supposed birthday by drunken revels, and orgies that would put the devotees of Bacchus to the blush!

These, however, form the exceptions, not the rule; and though much of the zest both in the old world and the new with which Christmas used to be celebrated has been diminished by time and the mutations which it works in the sentiments of people, still it is characterized by the manifestation of a temperate happiness and the performance of gentle deeds of charity, at once a blessing to the poor, and pleasing to God.

In wishing the readers of the Contributor a merry Christmas, we also take occasion to hope that so far as the youth of Zion are concerned, they will take no part in any merry-making or amusement that would fail to have the approval of Him, whose advent into this world our Christmas festivities are supposed to honor.

THE PRESERVERS OF FAITH.

No one acquainted with the religious world, with the tendency of religious thought, can doubt but that a widespread and fashionable deism is rapidly supplanting the religious belief of half a century ago, and orthodoxy is waning in strength before this rising power. The blows, however, which have wounded orthodoxy nigh unto death, have not come so much from without as they have from within.

If it shall die of the wounds it has received, the murder of it will be more attributable to its own children than to the strangers who attacked it from without.

The latter indeed set on foot the assault which is like to end in death to orthodox faith;

but the fatal blows are being struck by those of its own household.

What is meant is this:

the main facts of the Christian story are no longer accepted in absolute faith.

That there was such a person as Jesus Christ;

that he lived about nineteen centuries ago;

that he taught excellent moral precepts, and exemplified them in his life;

that in so far as as he was an exemplar and teacher, by these means pointing to a higher, nobler and better life, he was and is a redeemer to mankind—all this is conceded.

But that he was the very son of

God, "miraculously begotten of the Virgin Mary,"as orthodoxy would still phrase it; that he went about healing the sick, casting out devils, raising the dead;

that he miraculously fed multitudes, walked upon the sea, controled the elements; that he was offered up as a sacrifice and propitiation for the sins of the world;

that the shedding of his blood was necessary to bring salvation to the children of men, or that such a sacrifice was needed; that he was raised from the dead, and will ultimately bring to pass the actual resurrection of all mankind all this it is now becoming quite fashionable to disbelieve.

We shall not lament the death of orthodoxy.

In our opinion it ought to die; and as a matter of fact it contains the seeds of death within itself.

The reason it has endured so long and so well, has been because of the moiety of truth intermixed with its gross errors:

but when what truth it possessed is cast from it, the days of its existence are numbered.

But while no tears ought to be shed over the opening grave of orthodoxy, those precious truths, the facts of the Christian story, whose beauty, strength and grandeur have been more than half concealed and degraded by the rubbish of human invention and superstition associated with them, must be rescued from the* general wreck and sacredly preserved to bless mankind in time and in eternity.

To whom will this blessed privilege be given?

To whom will the part of honor be assigned?

To those best able to perform the work.

To those in whose hearts faith in the

n6 EDITORIAL.

facts of the Christian ministry is most firmly rooted—they will perform the noble work, they will be the saviors to come upon mount Zion.

And inasmuch as faith is based upon evidence, the people having the most and best evidence of the truth, will have the most enduring faith.

That people are the Latter-day Saints.

They have more than twice the amount of evidence in support of the reality of the Christian religion than any other people:

for to the testimony of the old

Jewish prophets and apostles is added in their minds the testimony of the prophets of the western continent, as contained in the Book of Mormon; and the testimony of the modern prophets contained very largely in the Doctrine and Covenants.

This additional testimony, reasoning upon the philosophical basis of cause and effect, must result in the Latter-day

Saints having more assurance of the reality of Christian life and labor than any other people have, and must render the

Elders of Israel the most capable of standing in defense of the true faith, as the champions of revelation against the insidious assaults of false science, and confronting and staying the progress of the fashionable deism of the day.

Their faith, the revelations committed to their trust, the priesthood which they hold, places them at the head of the column that must beat back the unbelieving host, who would lay sacriligious hands upon and destroy the grand realities of the Christian faith.

That is their place.

It is their destiny; and we call upon the youth of Israel to prepare for the conflict which like inexorable fate awaits them.

If they would fulfil with honor the duties assigned them by virtue of their position and the circumstances with which they are surrounded, then let them make intelligent preparation for the work before them, by diligent thought, by careful study.

And let this be born in mind:

that if an error is to be successfully overthrown in the minds of those led away by it, it is not sufficient that the truth and its strength should merely be known by him who opposes the error;

but he must also know something of the error he would destroy.

He must know on what false principle it is based, the mischief it would lead into the danger there is in it.

Those who would arrest the attention of intelligence must be intelligent themselves.

It is not enough that the world be told they are in error, that the path they walk in leads to destruction;

it must be proven.

It is not enough to cry, Lo, here is Christ, here is truth;

it must be demonstrated.

This is the work devolving upon the inhabitants of Zion, and especially the youth, upon whom the weight of this mission will fall.

In view of this, if there is one community more than another with whom life is real and earnest it is the Latter-day Saints.

In the article "A New Witness for God,"in the November number, it is stated that the Deseret News obtained a copy of the Spaulding Manuscript Story from President Fairchild of Oberlin College,

Ohio.

In this there is a slight error.

We are informed from a reliable source that the Deseret News Company obtained a copy verbatim et literatim from Mr. L. L. Rice,of Honolulu, in whose possession the original remained so long unknown, and not from Pres.

Fairchild.

STEEL ENGRAVING.

There are several different kinds of engraving, the chief of which are (i) Line engraving on plates of steel or copper, in which the lines are cut into the plate with sharp instruments;

(2) Etching, usually on copper, in which the lines are corroded by acid;

(3) Mezzotint, in which there are no lines, but only shades produced by roughening the surface of the metal;

(4) Woodcut, in which the lines which print black, have to be left in relief, while the surface around them is cut away.

Printing from wood-engravings and electrotype reproductions of them, by whatever process made, as photography, etc., is precisely the same thing as printing from type.

The block of wood is inked over with greasy ink and the paper being pressed upon it takes off the

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ink, reproducing upon its surface the image that has been left, after cutting away the surrounding wood.

In steel-engraving printing, the art of which was not discovered until late in the fifteenth century, nor practiced extensively for a hundred years after, the process is just the reverse of wood-cut printing.

Not only is there this difference in steel-plate and block printing;

but the essentials of Art are affected by it, for the reason that in plate printing a result can be obtained that it is impossible to reach from wood or block printing.

When the paper is driven by the press into a line, so as to fetch the ink out of it, as in printing from a steel plate, the line may be of unimaginable fineness-, it will print all the same; but when the paper is only pressed upon a raised line, as in block or type printing, the line must have some appreciable thickness to make an impression.

Thus it is impossible for a wood engraving, or any of its substitutes, to ever be so delicate or fine as a steel engraving.

Again, not only does plate printing excel block printing in delicacy, it excels it also in force and depth.

There never was and there never will be a wood-cut line, having the clear, defined force and power of a deep line cut into a steelplate; for in block printing the line is • only a blackened surface of paper, while in plate priting it is a cast, with an additional thickness of printing ink upon it.

The first impression from a steel-plate preserves, in their perfection, the most delicate lines that the tool of the engraver can cut into the polished steel.

Each subsequent impression—though 'imperceptibly—presents these lines somewhat blunted by the pressure of the paper into them.

This is why the first impressions are always worth so much more than others.

It is the distinction that engravers and artists are most jealous of, valuing the first proofs from their engravings almost above price.

These they call Artist Proofs, sign them with their own hands, usually, with a lead pencil—though why I have neVer heard—and the most particular among them will not risk his reputation by thus acknowledging a print from his engraving, after a few hundred copies have been struck from it.

In the steel-engraving portrait qf President Brigham Young, the Artist Proofs of which are now being distributed to subscribers, may be seen an unusual example of perfect steel-engraving.

Mr.

H.

B.

Hall, who engraved it, stands at the head of the profession in America, and he has signed the first three hundred impressions from it, declaring that it is the finest work he ever did—though his Longfellow has a national reputation and that there is no steel-plate portrait in existence, with which he would not be glad to compare this of President Young.

The excellence of this engraving together with the fidelity of its likeness to the original, is winning praises from every hand.

As with all true works of Art, the longer one looks at this portrait of President Young the more he finds in in it to admire.

It is with peculiar satisfaction that the fortunate possessors of the Artist Proofs look upon the face of this great character, here seen in repose, and preserved in its excellence forever.

Z. C. M.

I. has purchased a number of copies and will present them on New Year's day to its principal correspondents at the East.

Hung in the offices of the leading bankers and merchants of the nation, they will correct many absurd impressions which the tongue of slander and the pencil of the caricaturist have created, respecting the most distinguished leader of the Mormon people.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Owing to the call to be manager of the publication department of the Deseret News Company, Elder George C. Lambert, the General Secretary of the Y. M.

M.

I.

A., has been released from that position, and, as will be seen by the fol-

Ii8 ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

lowing letter, Elder E. H. Anderson, of Ogden, has been chosen by the General

Superintendency to fill the vacancy:

Office of General Superintendency

Y. M. M.

I. A., Salt Lake City, Dec. 17th, 1888.

Elder E. H. Anderson, Ogden, Utah:

Dear Brother.—By the resignation of Elder Geo.

C. Lambert, the office of General Secretary of the Y. M. M.

I. A.

has become vacant.

We are advised of your long and faithful labors in the cause of Mutual Improvement in Weber Stake;

and by reason of your experience and the interest you have always manifested in this work, we have concluded to assign you a more extended field of labor in this connection; and hereby appoint you to the office of General Secretary of the

Y. M. M.

I. A. throughout the Church.

The labors and duties connected with this office will be fully explained to you, and we trust you will enter upon them with zeal and devotion, that your influence may be felt among the Associations, and that you may have great pleasure and satisfaction in your official relations with them.

President Shurtliff is advised of this appointment, and arrangements will be made to liberate you from other labors that at present occupy your time.

We are advised by Elder Junius F.

Wells, that you and he are agreed upon terms, by which you will enter the office of the Contributor and assist in the labors connected with its publication and the distribution of the Course of Reading, which we are now engaged in circulating among the Associations.

As these labors demand immediate attention, it will be agreeable to our feelings, if you can arrange to enter upon them by the first of

January, 1889.

Your Brethren and Fellow-laborers,

Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, General Superintendency Y. M. M.

I. A.

PROGRAMME FOR DISTRICT CONFERENCE.

Part I.

Joint officers'meeting (Saturday afternoon for instance):

1.

Prayer;

2.

Roll of officers;

3.

Reports upon headings previously published by the Stake Superintendency:

a. complete organization, b. council meetings (separate and joint), c.

systematic plan and consecutive programmes, d.

regular classwork meetings, weekly, e. home reading and preparation, f.

joint sessions, monthly, g.

provisions for monthly lectures (extra), h.

missionary work (home labors and distant visits), i.

leading in amusements, /. libraries and reading rooms, k.

M.

I. A.

Course of Reading, /. who does not attend, and why?

4.

Discussion of the wants of each

Association and how to supply them.

Part II.

Reception or entertainmeht (Saturday evening).

Part III.

Sunday service:

1. Morning, reports, remarks and testimonies;

2.

Afternoon, discourse;

3. Evening, lecture.

SCRIPTURAL ANALYSIS.—M.

H. HARDY AND GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

BIBLE.

Lecture XXXVII.

Mosaic and Prophetic Dispensation, continued.

Division of the Kingdoms.

Time, 976 B. C.

Subdivisions:

Rehoboam king of Israel;

a his abuse of kingly power;

b the petition of the people;

c the king's arrogant answer in fulfilment of prophecy; separation of Judah and Israel; Rehoboam king of Judah and Jeroboam king of Israel; a his idolatrous alienation of the ten tribes from the sacrifices at Jerusalem;

b his sacrilege;

c his severe chastisement;

the sad fate of the disobedient prophet;

the king of Egypt plunders the House of the Lord at Jerusalem.

References:

I Kings, xii-xvi; Josephus, Book VIII, chapter viii.

XXXIII.

Elijah the Prophet.

Time, 910 B.

C.

.Subdivisions:

1.

The three years of drouth in fulfilment of his prophecy;

a the ravens;

b the wisdom of Zarephath;

c the meal and oil; d the restoring to life of the widow's son;

2.

The promised rain;

3.

Elijah as an exile at Sinai; a his revelation;

b his meeting Obadiah the preserver of one hundred prophets;

4. The sacrificial test of his divine authority at

Mount Carmel;

5. His divinely authorized interference with the king's embassy;

6.

His miraculous manifestation of protection with the elements;

7.

His translation.

References:

I Kings, xviito end;

II Kings, chapteri; Josephus, Book IX, chapter ii.

XXXIX.

Elisha.

Subdivisions:

1. His meeting Elijah;

2.

His request of Elijah;

3. His sue-

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

cessorship of Elijah; 4. Purification of the waters;

5. The fate of the mockers;

6. Naaman the Syrian military officer cured of his leprosy;

7. The curse of leprosy upon Gehazi;

8.

Death of Elisha.

References:

II Kings, i to xii; Josephus, Book IX, chapters vii and viii.

NEW TESTAMENT.

Lecture XXXVI.

General Epistle of James.

Time, A. D.

60.

Subdivisions:

1. The standing promise of wisdom when asked for in faith;

2. Temptation not from God;

3.

Religion in general;

4. Living faith;

5. Use and abuse of speech;

6. Evil banished by resistance;

7. Proper procedure in case of illness.

Reference: James.

XXXVII.

Epistles of Peter.

Subdivisions:

I. The Savior an example of patience and suffering;

2. Head of the family—beauty of home government;

3.

Influence of chaste conversation;

4. Baptism for the dead;

a the spirits in prison:

b preaching to those who died without a knowledge of the Gospel;

5. Dignity of administrative work;

6.

Persecution for righteousness and not for evil;

7. Judgment to begin at the house of the Lord;

8.

Cultivation of qualities of mind and heart enjoined;

9. No prophecy of Scripture of private interpretation 10. Self justification and speaking evil of dignitaries barring progress;

11.

Purification of the earth by fire.

Reference:

Epistles of Peter.

XXXVIII.

The Epistles of John.

Subdivisions:

Principles taught;

1. The unchangeableness [of 'the Word of Life;

2.

The absolute necessity of a fraternal sentiment;

3.

The incompatibility of worldly lusts and the love of God;

4. The philosophy of persecution;

5. The incapacity of the physical eye to see God;

6. The fearlessness of true love;

7. The three witnesses; a in heaven;

b on earth;

8. Source of a parent's greatest joy;

9. The test of love is keeping the commandments;

10.

The ready witness of the true believer;

11. The spirit of truth and the spirit of error, how known.

Reference:

Epistles of John.

BOOK OF MORMON.

Lecture XXXVI.

General Moroni.

Time, 74 B.

C.

Subdivisions:

1. The armorial preparations of the Nephites;

2.

The great commander's reliance upon God, his profound respect for Alma and unswerving confidence in his prophecies;

3. The plan of battle; a Moroni's position;

b the position of General Lehi;

4. The engagement at Sidon river; a the battle-cry of freedom;

b rout and dismay of the Lamanites;

c Zerahemnah's partial capitulation by command of Moroni; d renewal of the terrible conflict;

e final surrender of the Lamanites.

Reference:

Alma, chap, xliii-xliv Church Compendium, p. 292.

XXXVII.

The sublime consummation of the works of Alma, the prophet, seer and revelator.

Subdivisions:

1. His authoritative catechization, and blessing of his son

Helaman;

2.

His most remarkable prophecy;

3. His blessing;

4. His prophetic cursing;

5.

His mysterious, Moses-like departure.

Reference: Alma, chap, xlv Church Compendium, p. 292.

XXXVIII.

Alma and his three sons. Time, B.

C.

Subdivisions:

1.

His commandments to Helaman;

a the sorrow of the damned contrasted with the joy of the redeemed;

b the transmission of the records to Helaman;

2.

Alma's commandments to Shiblon;

a his testimony of angelic visitations;

b his instructions in regard to the only medium of salvation;

c his admonition against vanity; d his exhortation to temperance and sobriety;

3. His commandments to Corianton; a the reproof;

b the resurrection;

(1. Time;

2.

Intermediate state or time between death and the resurrection;

3.

Philosophy of the resurrection;) c the restoration;

(1.

Nature of it;

2.

Justice of it;) d the atonement;

(1.

Necessity for it;

2.

Effects of it.) Reference: Alma, xxxvi-xlii.

THEOLOGY.—B. H. ROBERTS.

Lecture XI.

Faith, part vii;

the character of God;

the necessity of knowing something of the attributes of Deity;

1. That He is the supreme governing power of the universe;

2. That He is merciful and slow to anger;

3. Unchangeable;

4. A God of truth;

5. No respector of persons;

6.

That He is love.

References;

Third and fourth Lectures on Faith;

"The Gospel."XII.

Faith;

part viii;

the course of life essential to the exercise of faith in God.

References:

the case of Hezekiah, Isaiah, xxxviii;

many of the ancient Saints, Heb. xi; Doctrine and Covenants, VI Lecture on Faith;

"The Gospel,"chapter xvi.

XIII.

Repentance, part i; who preached it?

John the Baptist;

Matt, iii, 1, 2; Jesus Christ, Luke xiii, 1-5; the Apostles: Acts ii, 38.

What is it?

References:

Ezek. xviii, 30, 31;

Eph. iv, 25-32;

II Cor. vii, 10; "The Gospel,"chapters xvii and xviii.

XIV.

Repentance, part ii;

effect of repentance and impenitence illustrated by the experience of individuals.

References:

Cain, Gen. iv;

Paul, Acts ix and subsequent history; sons of Alma and Mosiah, Mosiah, xxvii;

Zeezrom;

Alma, chapters xi-xvi;

the brother of Jared, Ether, chapter ii; "The Gospel,"xix.

XV.

Repentance, part iii;

effect of repentance and impenitence illustrated-by the experience of peoples and nations.

References:

The antediluvians, Gen. vi, vii and viii;

Ether, chap-

I20 ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ters i-xv;

ancient Israel, Duet., xxviii, and subsequent history of the Jews—see

Bible and Josephus;

the Nephites, Book of Mormon;

Babylon, Assyria, Egypt, Persia, Greece—see Rollin's Ancient History; Rome, Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT.—JOS.

B. KEELER.

Lecture V.

The Constitution of the United

States.

Preamble.

Notice, the preamble begins with, "We, the people,"and what they proposed to do for themselves and their posterity.

The language presupposes the sovereignty of the people.

The first object expressed in the preamble is: To form a more perfect union; because the government under the former system was very imperfect, and inadequate to the wants of the people.

2. To establish justice; because there was no national judiciary, and state courts did not hesitate to disregard the rulings of coordinate tribunals of neighboring states.

3. To insure domestic tranquility;

because of state jealousies, etc., which threatened the nation with civil war.

4. To provide for the common defense; because the country was liable to foreign invasion and Indian troubles 5. To promote the general welfare, for this is the prime object of every government.

6. To secure the blessings of liberty to themselves and posterity, which briefly expresses the whole purpose of human government.

( For references, see Townsend's

Civil Government, pages 109-114;

Andrews'Man. of the Con., pages 24-28.) VI.

Departments of government.

The legislative (Art.

I of the Con.) Its composition:

1.

Division into two Houses (sec.

1) 2. House of Representatives (sec.

2') 3.

The Senate (sec.

3.) Legislative regulations;

1. Elections and meetings (sec. 4.) Powers and duties, except law-making powers (sec.

5.) 3.

Privileges of, and prohibitions upon, members (sec.

6.) President's veto power (sec.

7.) Legislative powers of Congress (sec. 8.) Prohibitions upon the United States (sec.

9.) Prohibition upon the States (sec 10.) VII.

Executive Department—President and

Vice-President (Art.

II.) 1. Term;

election;

qualifications;

salary;

oath (sec.

1.) 2.

President's executive powers (sec. 2 and 3.) 3. Subject to impeachment (sec. 4.).

SCIENCE.—JAS.

E. TALMAGE.

Lecture XIV.

Plants:

Their parts;

root, stem and branches;

leaves;

flowers.

Root;

shape and mode of growth;

Uses—to support plant in the soil;

to absorb nourishment;

to store food.

XV.

Stems and branches: Stem consists of bark, wood and pith;

difference between heartwood and sap-wood.

Endogenous and exogenous stems.

Branches:

Parts of stems;

tendrils on some climbing plants.

XVI.

Leaves: Shape—simple and compound leaves; parts—petrole, stipules, blades and veinsUses of leaves—as foliage—to serve as breathing organs.

Strange leaves:

Pitcher plants;

flytraps leaves, etc.

XVII.

Flowers:

Parts—calyx, corolla, stamens, pistils.

Uses of flowers—essential organs of plant.

How flowers are fertilized—by wind;

by insects.

XVIII.

Fruit and Seed:

What fruit is—

kinds of fruit-pod:

Berry, prone, gourd.

Seed:

—How the seed sprouts.

Experiments in water culture.

XIX.

How Seeds travel:—Blown by the wind; dandelion, milk weed, lettuce, thistle, etc.

Winged Seeds: Maple, elm, boxelder, ash, pine, etc.

Carried by animals, burdock, etc.

XX.

Parasitic Plants:—How they grow; mistletoe dodder;

rust and smut of grain; moulds and mildews.

CHURCH HISTORY.—GEO.

C. LAMBERT.

Lecture XIV.

1833;

"Word of Wisdom"revealed;

First Presidency organized;

first celebration #of the Church's history;

mobbing of Saints and expulsion from Jackson County, Mo.;

Meteoric shower.

XV.

1833-1834 Kirtland Temple commenced; printing office started in Kirtland;

first High Council organized; revelation on redemption of Zion;

Zion's camp.

XVI.

1834-1835;

Revelation given on Fishing River; Twelve Apostles chosen;

first quorum of Seventies organized; Egyptian mummies exhibited in Kirtland; Book of Abraham translated.

XVII.

The Prophet's instructions as to the authority of the Apostles;

dedication of the Temple; ordinance of washing of feet; glorious vision in the Temple.

XVIII.

1836-1837;

Removal of Saints from Clay to Caldwell County; Far West located;

great apostasy in Kirtland;

first foreign mission opened;

the Gospel introduced into England.

XIX.

1837-1838;

Visit of Joseph Smith to Missouri; printing office in Kirtland destroyed by fire; removal of Kirtland Saints to Missouri;

Adam-ondi-Ahman located temple in Far West located;

revelation on tithing given.

XX.

1838;

Commencement of persecution in Daviess County; Joseph Smith on trial before

Judge King; expulsion of Saints from De Witt;

battle on Crooked River.

XXI.

1838;

Origin of term "Danities;"exterminating orders of Governor Boggs: Haun's Mill massacre;

Far West besieged;

Hinkle's treachery; Joseph Smith and others sentenced to be shot.

Combined Capita] and Assets exceed $12,750,000.

The HOME Insurance Company of New York, and The PHEENIX Insurance Company of Hartford, Conn,,

Issue Joint Policies on Rpproved Property in Utah, Have paid Seventy Million Hollars for lasses during the past Thirty-live Years, ARTHUR E MAGILL, Bent, Genl Agent, San Francisco, CaL

BEEER J, GRUNT ^ CU,, Agents, Salt Lake City and Dgden, Utah.

THE HARTFORD Fire Insurance Company.

ORGANIZED 1794.

ASSENTS, BELDEN & COFRAN, Managers, Pacific Department, San Francisco, CaL $5,288,604.00 HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents Sa/t Lake City, Utah.

NIAGARA FIRE INSURANCES COMPANY of New York.

CASH CAPITAL, CASH ASSETS, LOSSES PAID, 500,000 2,237,492 over 12,000,000 I.

S. BLACKWELDER, Manager Western Department, Chicago, 1U.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GERMANAMERICAN INSURANCE COMPANY.

Cash Capital, Cash Assets, Surplus, $1,000,000.00 5,285,289.00 3,112,138.00 uiirrurriJTJTj mnjuxruTJxriJ^^

E. OELBERMANJV, President, JNO.

W. MURRAY, Vice-President.

JAMES A. SILVEY, Secretary.

HE8ER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

^Liverpool & London & Globe)* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.!* Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston, $4, 500,000.00 Income in the United States, 1887, ----- 4,114,103.44 Expenditures in the United States, 1887, 3,635,121.43 CHICAGO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

JOHN CRERAR, of Orerar, Adams & Co.

LEVI Z. LEITER, late Field, Letter & Co., EZRA J. WARNER, of Sprague, Warner & Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, Ills.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City.

.K ^1798kThe Oldest Company in America.

^of North America)* Cash Capital, Cash Assets, $3,000,000.00 8,474,351.1 H.

J. GRANT & CO., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

B fil fflwtism -ORGANIZED 1825 Stood the Test of All the Great Fires.

CAPITAL, $400,000.

FIRE ASSETS, $2,890,897, SURPLUS to Policy Holders, $2,007,968.

BROWN. CRAIG & CO.. ApT^vrT^ HEBER J.GRANT & CO., alt Lake City.

American Fire OFEstablished SAN FRANCISCO, ASSETS, $2,401,956 INCOME, 1888, $1,523,182 EXPENDITURES, 1888, $1,415,773 SURPLUS TO POLICY HOLDERS, 911,577 H.J.Grant&Co., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY.

P'BrownjCraig&C o., General Agents, CAL.

o ooooooooooooo oooooooooooooo o WHITER SONS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Oured Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

=WHITE «& ^01V^ 9 = W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE No.

282.

S-A-XyX Xj-A-IKE CITT.

o OOOOOOOOOOOOOO ooooooooooooo o JOHN M. BROWNING.

MATT. S. BROWN1H* WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., ju Guns, Rifles, Pistols, ||££r J if ttgdes, |)asf Stall €00is, fwljhtj $nt\ty.

•—->-f—« "BEND FOB CATALOGUE*—+~M-—

Orders from All Parts of the Rocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

R. K. THOMAS, Dry Goods» Carpets^..-.—

R. K. THOMAS.

8-^5-^1^. SHIELDS & GO-,^^--* &. 45 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, *CONFECTIONERY.* JpHomgoii % Tajlop Spice go.,** ES Si FLAVORING E KNOWN TO THE TRADE).

Proprietors of trie Fam- TT> T7V T~>v /*-\ T7> /^\ Q^ Q^ T *\7"TT^ ^oua Brand of=^ 5 iX. JCL/JU OXvLJOO J-V X -LV« 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAGO.

Jamzs A. Hayk James Murray, Edwin Q. Partridge.

fajeg, flJuiMj \ (So.,-* MANUFACTURERS Ladies', Misses', Children's, Boys and Youths, L D. YOUNG, AQENT FOR UTAH.

NO.

1103 RACE ST., Philadelphia.

s-^r^PIOlVBBR^i^ PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF *:;.v:

„:r;\ -\ -::\:::.:vva\mmmmwaxmm'i I17IR:i,\imxo.v:: \ v::;

\;:: \^\\::,\::tm^mv»mm\i:W^ High Patent, Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St., SALT LAKE OITT, UTAH, dJofon @. ©utlep •po., O-AGENTS,^ PROVQ W^OOIvBX GOQD8, Always have in Stock a Fine Line of

Home Made Suitings, Dress Goods, Flannels and Yarn.

OLD COJSfSTITTJTIOir BUILDING.)!

H. O. KROH

«& CO., MANUFACTURERS OFOPAQUE AND TRANSPARENT SHADE CLOTHS,

AND IMPORTERS OF SCOTCH WINDOW HOLLANDS, ^i^Goods Sold by Z. C. M.

I. and Henry Dinwoodey, Salt Lake City;

Boyle & Co., Ogden.'BTTiEBTOIET, G-J*J£S3D2&^ltt CO.,

Combination Fence Manufacturers of Made of Annealed Steel and Galvanized Wire, and 44 Pickets per Rod, at a cost of from 45 cts. to $1.00 per Rod.

This is the Best Farm and Garden Fence Made.

&£a.d.e oaa. ImproTreo. Flsiaa..

Better tlxsaa. a.aa-3r Iaaa.porteA.

Agents for the Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SEWING MACHINES D.&RG.

Pleasant Valley. COAL!

COLORADO ANTHRACITE, Coke, Charcoal, - Eg Iron, A.

JL.. WILLIAMS AGENT.

143 S, Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

""W?1 9 mm?

S BEST-SIX-CORD PJIfilfli LAING & MAGINNIS, Importers ami Dealers in every dencription of

Sole Agents for th United States for BLAKEY'S BOOT and

SHOE PROTECTORS A.NU PARAGON LASTS.

30 NORTH THIRD STREET, ^PHILADELPHIA, PENNA.

m$ CELEBRATED WATER PROOF GERMAN GRAIN J*, MLEATHERS Vytarhc Z.

C.

M.

I., SOLE AGENTS FOR UTAH.

Lake St., Chicago TO CONTRACTORS!

The New Era Railroad Builder will build 4-foot Embankments or the Base of large Embankments at a cost of from \\ to 2j cents per cubic yard, and will load wagons at z\ to 3 cents per cubic yard.

Which We Stand, Ready to Prove.

sir. ^- ^Uw/^VVW jy^jj. %&-*> racwmmmfasmmmmmmmmmmmm v^ Send for Pamphlet Showing the Cheapest Methods of Handling Earth to FACTORY—Cor. Carpenter St., and Carroll Ave., -CHICAGO, ILL.

J.U/.^ardley, 340 Fii$ Ea$, jklf Blool^ Morth of Waghiqgton Square.

DUMBER, ^^V»H, DOORS, EM;o.

TELFPHONE -JGVSXXRE^ "W^ITHThe Mutual Life Insurance Co of pleW York.

CASH ASSETS, over §120,000,000.

X.O-CTIS =tt-a.^ls, I ^ //; CAMPBELL, Agent at Ogden.

DISTRICT MANAGER FOR UTAH, address:

P.O. box 24i, salt lake city.

I GEO. E. BLALR, Special Agent.

1889.

Harper's Magazine.

ILLUSTRATED.

1889.

Harper's Weekly.

ILLUSTRATED.

Harper's Periodicals,—»PER YEAR. < Harper's Magazine $4.00 I Harper's Bazar $4.00 Harper's Weekly 4.00 Harper's Young People 2.00 Postage Free to all subscribers in the Lnited States, Canada or Mexico.

Address, HARPER BROTHERS, New York.

1889.

Harper's Bazar.

ILLUSTRATED.

18 89.

Harper's Young People.

An Illustrated Weekly.

T^E DESEI^ES ffEU/S.

SUBSCRIBE FOR SEMI-WEEKLY, Enlarged and Greatly Improved, $3.00 a Year.

WEEKLY NEWS, in Magazine form, ~1~_~ $2.5Q a Year.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PREMIUMS.

Three Libraries.

One Hundred Volumes.

GIVEN TO THE Y. M. M.

I. A.

RELIEVING the officers of the Associations are generally interested in the welfare of The Contributor, and with a view to stimulating their interest in extending its circulation, we have determined to offer, as special premiums to the Associations, ihe following carefully selected libraries of choice books.

They form as good a foundation for an Association Library as it is possible for us to suggest, and we are confident that the Associations getting them will be amply repaid for the exertions made to secure them.

LIBRARY NUMBER ONE.-FIFTY VOLUMES-$72.50.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.

I. A. in the Ward having the greatest number of paid up subsc/iptions for the Contributor, Volume Ten., April ist, 1889.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS—A series of historical studies, prepared by authors of the highest standing, elegantly printed and illustrated; published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, NewYork, comprising the following twenty volumes, at $1.50 each, $30.00 I.

Greece, VI.

Norway, XI.

The Moors in Spain, XVI.

Assyria, II.

Rome, VII.

Spain.

XII.

The Normans, XVII.

Ireland III.

The Jews,.VIII.

Hungary, XIII.

Persja, XVIII.

The Goths, IV.

Chaldea, IX.

Carthage.

XIV.

Ancient Egypt, XIX.

Turkey, V.

Germany, X.

The Saracens, XV.

Alexander's Empire, XX.

Media.

THE NEW PLUTARCH—A beautiful set of biographies containing the lives of those who have made the history of the world, edited by Walter Besant; published by G.

P. Putnam's Sons, New York, eleven volumes, at $1.00 each, $11.00.

I.

Abraham Lincoln, V.

Haroun al Raschid, IX.

Victor Emanuel, II.

Coligny, VI.

Sir John Franklin, X.

Marie Antoinette, III.

Judas Maccabaeus, VII.

Sir Richard Whittington, XI.

Frederick the Great.

IV.

Joan of Arc, VIII.

Martin Luther, LIFE OF COLUMBUS, by Washington Irving, three volumes, at $1.00 each, $3 00.

LIFE OF MAHOMET, by Washington Irving, two volumes, at.jgi.oo each, $200.

HISTORY OF ENGLAND, by Lord Macaulay, Harper's Edition, five volumes, at $1 00 each $5 00

HISTORY OF OUR OWN TIMES, by Justin Macarthy, two volumes, at $1.50 each, $3 00.

STORIES FOR BOYS, by Edward Everett Hale, five volumes, at $1.00 each, $5 00,

Stories of Invention, Stories of War.

Stories of Discovery, Stories of the Sea, Stories of Adventure.

BEN HUR, A Story of the Savior, by Gen. Lew Wallace, $1.50.

WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY, latest edition, indexed, $12.00.

LIBRARY NUMBER TWO.-THIRTY V0LUMES-$47.00.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M. I. A., of less than fifty, and more than twenty-five members, in the

Ward, having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to The Contributor, Vol. Ten,

April ist, 1889.

STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), twenty volumes, at $1.50, #30.00.

UNCIVILIZED RACES OF THE WORLD—Two volumes, pages, illustrated, and bound in library sheep, at $4 00 each, $8 00.

SAMUEL SMILES'WORKS—Self-Help, Thrift, Character, Dutv—four volumes, #1.00 each, $4.00

PLUTARCH'S LIVES—two volumes, at $125 each. #2.50.

HISTORIES OF HERODOTUS—two volumes, at #1.25 each, $2.50.

LIBRARY NUMBER THREE.-TWENTY V0LUMES-$30.00.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.

I. A. of less than twenty-five members in the ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to

The Contributor, Volume Ten, April ist, 1889.

CONDITIONS:

The Associations competing for either of these libraries, will be required to certify, by the President and Secretary, to the number of members enrolled on March ist, 1889, and who have actually attended meetings during the season.

Subscribers names will be entered upon THE Contributor books, arranged in the wards in which they live; and the awarding of the libraries will be determined by the numbers, as they appear paid up in full April 1st 1889.

Officers of the Associations are requested to promote the canvass for subscriptions not only among the members, but throughout their respective wards, as the award of premiums will be made with respect to the number of subscribers, whether they are members of Associations or not. Names should be forwarded through the local agent, or direct to the office, where the officers may see the Premium Volumes, and get further information if desired.

UnAAI?

T TT A U cash assets, &i2o,ooo rlUlvlL OF U1AM.

H.J. Grant & Co., General Agents

PAID UP CAPITAL, $150,000.

ns nnnjinsirLn Half Block South of Theatre, Salt Lake City.

J-LAnXLTLrLTUTJUl jultu i j,_, u u uxru LnrLnsiru-wu The Leading Agricultural Implement House of Utah.

j-J UUU LfUUU 'rum, i J"u u-J lljagon and (JtecMne (gompany.

^m'^^mmmmmm^ Mitchell Bain WAGONS, WOOD MACHINES, DEERE PLOWS, RUSSELL & CO.'S MACHINERY.

^CARRIAGES, BUGGIES,^ ROAD CARTS, HARNESS.

'UTJTJTJTJUTJTJU-U-UT-n n n r..in/ITl

Opp. Z. C. M. I.

Fir$ (Jlb^hmilj ^tare A Choice Selection of Groceries, Dry Goods, Boots and Shoes.

TOWN & COUNTRY TRADE SOLICITED.

ALUNZO VOUNG, Manager.

BtJBSCRlBE IFORgi y.i It LOf.

-Volume Ten.

E-VEIS-X - SUBSOEIBEB G-ETS Forty Page Magazine Every Month.

The Volume Bound at the end of the year FREE.

#.#»!-#•

Kwraw #*j/^it KTtpgpr VTvr-gfAvnv^s\ KrastusSnow WUford Woodruff, MOLMt ILMjM, M*At*Mi, STMi,MUM, Mi,X€wUA VMXGS \ joseph F. Smith, Moses Tlvatcher.

um0rs\eL th E.fgra a vin^'of PRESIDENT BBIGHAM YOUNG.

This engraving is 19x24 inches, and is not only the finest engraving, but the best portrait ever offered to the people of Utah.) *TALL FOR $2.50. -^P® THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY, MAI IS°-,*2 ET, Salt Lake City