THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1889.

PAGE.

Riches President Brigham Young...

The Demon of Socrates Horatio The Warder's Story James Clarence Harvey Corianton I 7 I A Wonderful School Geo. Reynolds Man's Relationship to Deity.

I B. H. Roberts The Hindoos Selected.

Along the Firth of Forth Robert W. Sloan Ozokerite Harper's Weekly Consolation Emmeline B. Wells Editorial:

Recent Home Literature *94 The Ghetto M. A. Y Greenhalgh Association Intelligence T 99 KIATTrTT The Contributor Office is removed to the Herald Building.

lNU I lLC.

The Great Premium Steel Engravings of President Brigham Young are being distributed to subscribers on payment of subscription, $2.50, which includes binding.

Remit by money order, postal note or registered letter.

Address:

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO., P. O. Box 305.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

WHY SHOUIvD YOXT E^VE^R A^aiixst Yo**:r 0^*r*i Industries?

If you ask your storekeeper to sell our Soaps he'll do it.

Startling Improvements Have Been Made in Them.

S^STELX-, MgT.

WsPo-operatiYeM ercantlleTDStifii,

ORGANIZED OCTOBER 16th, 186a President, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Vice-President, MOSES THATCHER, Secretary and Treasurer, T.

G. WEBBER.

-DIRECTORSGEO. Q. CANNON, JOS. F. SMITH, HEBER J. GRANT, JOHN SHARP, GEORGE ROMNEY, JOHN R. WINDER, HENRY DINVVOODEY, P. T. FARNSWORTH.

JOHN R. BARNES, WILLIAM H. ROWL THOS. W. JENNING> Manufacturers, Importer*, and Wholesale and

Seta it Healers in IIA I ii Salt Lake City, Utah.

MA1ISI1 BRANCH HOUSES AT OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, yta Co-operative Stores and the Genera!

Public are invited to select their pnrcha:

from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES DRY GOODS AND NO'lIONS, Crockery and Glassware, Tinware and Stamped Ware, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Stoves, Orates and Ranges, Tools and Implements, Stationery and Blank Books, School Books, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Hats and Caq)S, Paver Hangings, Boots and S/ioes, Rubber Goods.

Leather an.<l FindinQg, /'are hrinj"a nd Medicii* Wints and Liquors Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY- OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, -inseys, Flannels, Jeans

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & OverallsUST'Orders by Mail will receive Prompt anu CareiUl Attention.

l.

or. WEBBER, S«ipt.

WMNBfi BRO» Celebrated Corsets.

HE merit and popularity Jj of these Corsets is atcd tested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imi tations are stiffened with com mon twine filled with starch and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value arid better service for the money than any imitation recognized, for they have "Dr printed on the inside of the si eel cover.

They can always be Warner's Coraline"FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

**WARNER*BROS.,*» New York: $^ Cliioago, For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO...

COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

#s «s e* «\ «\ «\ «n «n 5\ ST* For Sale in Ogden Z. C. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

c> *>.

r- #v #-.

WMNEH MOS.'Celebrated Corsets

SASH, DOORS, Etc J.U/.^ardley, 340 Fii$ East, palf Blonl^ North of Waghiiigton Square.

y. o xox 35a.

salt Xj-iL.;x:i±: oitt.

TELEPHONE 113.

Wholesale and Retail, Dealer im Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes,

Hardware, Notions, and all kinds o^

GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

BEST HOUSE FOl FAMILY SUPPLIES.

*t rr S. P. TEASDEL, East Temple St In relation to v_>« JVL.

JL /^7 "'"'"•>.

SALT LAKE CITY.

The people of Utah'.

sll are sensibly united V.

In preferlng those'-, made at V L00K F0R THE BRAND '•.

•»'» Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co.,

L£ADING LUMBER DEALERS OF DTAE

Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

SOUTH TEMPI E ST SALT LAKE CTTY INSURE AVITH The Mutual Life Insurance Co, of pleW York.

A CASH ASSETS, over 8120,000,000.

lo-ctis s:-2-^.3:vCS3, I w. H. CAMPBELL, Agent at Og den.

DISTRICT MANAGER FOR UTAH, ADDRESS:

P.O. box 24i, salt lake city.

I GEO. E. BLAIR, Special Agent.

X~~zrf~-Z BEST-SIX-CORD LAING & MAGINNIS, Importer:* and Dealers in evert/ description of

Sole Agents for th United States for BLAKEY'S BOOT and

SHOE PROTECTORS ANu PARAGON LASTS.

KORTII THIRD STREET,^ -^PHILADELPHIA, PENNA.

IT IS THE BEST TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BLACKWELL'S OURHAM TOBACCO Tlxe Xjarg-est Sale of &X137- T'oToslcco in.

tn.e "^7*erldk.

TOR PLEASURE, 'COMFORT, HE SMOKE THE MANUFACTURED ONLY BY W.T.BL&rarfKLL & Co.

BURHfflM,N.€T.

SEES BEARS THB POPULAR BECAUSE RELIABLE^ Walter*, Oa^Iej \ Co., » MANUFACTURERS OF CKfCAQO WAX CALF^S SCUPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Boston Store, 1« and IS South St.

Chicago Store, 179 and 181 Lake BWa

A BIG INDUCEMENT

For $19.50.the Herald Company of this City offer a first class Sewing Machine, with a complete set of Attachments, and the SemiWeekly Herald, ten pages of news and general information, for a a year.

As the person wanting the machine may prefer any other edition of this journal, the Sunday, Weekly or the Daily, the machine can be had by paying only the increased difference in the papers. Thus the Machine, and the Daily Herald for one year would only cost $28.

If a better and more expensive machine is desired, it can be had, but at best the Herald announces that the machine it sells, while being as good as any in the market and as durable, is from two-thirds to one-half less than any agent will sell it for, including the price of the Herald; they simply give their subscribers the benefit of manufacturers prices, and save to the buyer the commission that is made, first by the wholesale buyer, then by the retailer, next by the agent, and last, the exorbitant interest that is put on this useful article, because it is indispensible.

The Herald Company is also very extensively advertising a Grand

Prize Drawing for its Semi-Weekly, and states that fully 1250 prizes will be given away to subscribers of that excellent, bright, newsy ten page publication, which is certainly without a rival in the Rocky Mountain Region.

These prizes vary in value from one to three hundred dollars, and the arrangement of the drawing will be such that every prize will be drawn, and the subscribers themselves will have control of the execution of the drawing.

The paper is but three dollars a year, and all who would have a chance in this drawing have only to subscribe and pay for one year in advance.

Those already subscribers have only to pay up arrearages and one year in advance.

There can be no doubt that such an offer as this will greathy increase the subscription of this excellent Semi-Weekly Newspaper.

It is deserving of support, and there are few wide awake citizens of this and adjoining territories who will not take advantage of so magnificent an offer, besides introducing into their families the best and largest and brightest and most reliable Semi-Weekly Newspaper,published in the Rocky Mountains.

p^Y-DlffU/OOD^Y.

-5^ Carpgte,= U/ail paper, -^pii^isii^ (Portaii}5 r = Bf\BY - S/N^I/KJES, s iSCEDS, - BASKETS.

"MIRRORS.

Euerytlyiryg iL-l?Quse!7old-pijn?itare.

pIFJSJ ^0U5)-i ^TREES, S^C5 CPKE QtV-

Vol. X.

MARCH, 1889.

No.

5.

RICHES.

"I told you some time since, the king seated upon his throne wearing a glittering crown, and surrounded with all the glory of his greatness to-day, to-morrow may be numbered with the beggars, and his crown given to another.

To-day we possess riches, and to-morrow they may take the wings of the morning and leave us poor indeed.

We cannot trust to the certainty of mortal possessions;

they are transitory, and a dependence upon them will plunge into hopeless disappointment all those who trust in them.

This generation are seeking eagerly after that which will perish in their hands; they are madly rushing forward, hazarding their eternal all, to secure transitory possessions, which when they think they have obtained them, are not fully satisfactory;

they have grasped at the walls of an airy phantom, and sacrificed an enduring substance.

How foolish, in the eyes of the truly intelligent, the pursuits of the wicked appear!

They set their heart's affections upon that which is not durable, seeking happiness where misery and all its attendant effects are sure to be realized.

It is proven to our satisfaction, that when rich men have come into this Church, the Lord has been determined to take their riches from them and make them poor; that all his Saints may learn to obtain that which they possess by faith.

Brethren and sisters, cast from you the love of the world, and let it have no dominion over you. There are many who delight in the good things of this earth, in gold and silver, in carriages and horses, in houses and splendid furniture, in costly clothing, in orchards and gardens, in vineyards and fields, and extended possessions. These things compared with eternal riches.are nothing, though in their place they are good.

A man has no right with property, which according to the laws of the land, legally belongs to him, if he does not want to use it; he ought to possess no more than he can put to usury, and cause to do good to himself and his fellow man.

When will a man accumulate money enough to justify him in salting it down, or, in other words, laying it away in the chest, to lock it up, there to lie, doing no manner of good either to himself or his neighbor?

It is impossible for a man ever to do it.

No man should keep money or property by him that he cannot put to usury for the advancement of that property in value or amount, and for the good of the community in which he lives;

if he does, it becomes a dead weight upon him, it will rust, canker, and gnaw his soul, and finally work his destruction, for his heart is set upon it.

Every man who has cattle, money, or wealth of any description, bone and sinew, should put it out to usury.

If a man has the arms, body, head, the component parts of a system to constitute him a laboring man, and has nothing in the world to depend upon but his hands, let him put them to usury.

Never hide up anything in a napkin, but put it forth to bring an increase.

If you have got property of any kind that you do not know what to do with, lay it out in making a farm or

RICHES.

building a saw mill or a woolen factory, and go to with your might to put all your property to usury.

If a man is worth millions of bushels of wheat and corn, he is not wealthy enough to suffer his servant girl to sweep a single kernel of it into the fire;

let it be eaten by something, and pass again into the earth, and thus fulfil the purpose for which it grew.

Money is not real capital, it bears the title only.

True capital is labor, and is confined to the laboring classes.

They only possess it.

It is the bone, sinew, nerve and muscle of man that subdue the earth, make it yield its strength, and administer to his varied wants.

This power tears down mountains and fills up valleys, builds cities and temples, and paves the streets.

In short, what is there that yields shelter and comfort to civilized man, that is not produced by the strength of his arm making the elements bend to his will?

My policy is to get rich;

I am a miser in eternal things.

Do I want to become rich in the things of this earth?

Yes, if the Lord wishes me to have such riches, and I can use them to good advantage.

My policy is to keep every man, woman and child busily employed, that they may have no idle time for hatching mischief in the night, and for making plans to accomplish their own ruin.

If I cannot get rich only upon the principle of opposing my brethren and depriving them of the comforts of life,

I say, may God grant that I may never have another farthing upon earth.

I do not want it upon such terms, and if I ever should, I hope the Lord will keep it from me.

If we wish to be rich, the Lord, has wealth in store for us, but let us take a course to gather it together, and then to prepare it for usefulness when it is gathered.

I am not for hoarding up gold and other property to lie useless, I wish to put everything to a good use.

I never keep a dollar lying idly by me, for I wish all the means to be put into active operation.

If I now had in my possession one hundred million dollars in cash, I could buy the favor of the publishers of newspapers and control their presses;

with that amount I could make this people popular, though I expect that popularity would send us to hell.

True with such a sum we could gather up the poor, scattered Israelites and redeem Zion, but I feel to say, 'No! Lord,'when riches before their time are going to destroy the people.

Let the people have righteousness, be taught of the Lord, live in the revelations of Jesus Christ, and then they can handle the gold and silver of the whole earth without having a desire for it, only as a means with which to gather Israel, redeem Zion, subdue and beautify the earth, and bring all things in readiness to live with God in heaven.

* We are organized for the express purpose of controlling the elements, of organizing, not disorganizing, of ruling over kingdoms, principalities, and powers, and yet our affections are often too highly placed upon paltry, perishable objects.

We love houses, gold, silver, and various kinds of property, and all who unduly prize any object there is beneath the celestial worlds are idolators.

* We call up the question of riches, wealth.

We may behold one upon the right that commands his thousands of gold and silver which he has treasured up; he has houses and lands to occupy, goods and chattels to fill his storehouses, cattle to cover his fields, and servants to obey his commands; we call such an individual rich, wealthy, but when we take into consideration the true riches spoken of in this book [the Bible], they are not riches.

We may behold another upon the left reigning as a monarch; the gold and the silver, yea all the treasures of the kingdom over which he reigns at his command; and all his subjects are fully disposed to do the will of their sovereign.

He reigns, he rules, he governs and controls, and there are none to gainsay, none to offer a single word of opposition, his word is the law, his commands are supreme, he rides in his richly adorned chariots, and wears his crown of gold,

RICHES.

set with precious stones.

He sets up one and drags down another.

Those who have in the least incurred his displeasure, he condemns to the block, and he exalts others to sudden wealth and power; and the world says he is a rich man.

But this is not riches according to the saying of our Savior and the New Testament.

The riches of this world are nothing more than a stepping stone, or necessary means whereby people may obtain the true riches, by which they may sustain themselves until they can procure the true riches of the kingdom of God.

As such they ought to be looked upon and handled: 'Seek first the kingdom of God.''Seek first'that durable object.

'Seek first'the righteousness that will never betray you.

Obtain 'first'the prize that will not forsake you.

Procure to yourselves 'first'of all, that which will endure through time, and through all the eternities that Will be.

'Seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness,'and let the gold and silver, the houses, the lands, the horses, the chariots, the crowns, the thrones, and the dominions of the world be dead to you, as it is necessary you should secure for yourselves eternal riches that will never forsake you in time nor in eternity.

Do the things of this world, in their present state offer unto us true riches?

I say they are not riches, in the true sense of the word;

there is no such thing as a man being truly rich until he has power over death, hell and the grave, and him that hath the power of death which is the devil.

For what are the riches, the wealth possessed by the inhabitants of the earth?

Why they are a phantom, a mere shadow, a bubble on the wave that bursts with the least break of air.

I will now notice the character who exhibited the power of true riches on the earth, though he himself was in a state of abject poverty, to all human appearance, for he was made poor that we might be made rich, and he descended below all things that he might ascend above all things.

. * On one occasion he commanded a sufficient amount of bread to be formed to feed his disciples and the multitude.

It was in the air, in the water and in the earth they walked upon. He.unperceived by his disciples and the multitude, spoke to the native elements and brought forth bread.

He had the power.

We have not that power, but are under the necessity of producing bread according to a systematic plan.

We are obliged to till the ground, and sow wheat, in order to obtain wheat.

But when we possess the true riches, we shall be able to call forth the bread from the native element, like Jesus did.

What should we do to secure the true riches?

'Seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness.'

Lay up for ourselves treasures in heaven, where moth cannot eat, rust corrode, nor thieves break through and steal them.

If we find the pearl of great price, go and sell all we have to purchase it and secure to ourselves the friendship of God, and our elder brother Jesus Christ, and walk humbly before God, and obey those whom He has told us to obey, all the days of our lives, and He will say, ''These are My friends, and I will withhold nothing from them.'"

Zion.—Is there a land that ever will be called Zion?

Yes, brethren.

What land is it?

It is the land the lord gave to Jacob, who bequeathed it to his son Joseph, and his posterity, and they inhabit it, and that land is North and South America.

That is Zion as to land, as to Territory, and location.

Power ok Satan Limited.—You are aware that many think that the devil has rule and power over both body and spirit.

Now I want to tell you he does not hold any power over man, only so far as the body overcomes the spirit that is in a man, through yielding to the spirit of evil.

If the spirit yields to the body, the devil then has power to overcome both the body and the spirit of that man, and he will lose both.

You may as well undertake to terrify the Almighty on his throne, as to terrify

THE DEMON OF SOCRATES.

a Latter-day Saint of the true stripe—one who has the true blood in him.

The Saints sacrifice everything; but, strictly speaking, there is no sacrifice about it.

If you give a penny for a million of gold;

a handful of earth for a planet; a temporary worn out tenement for one glorified, that will exist, abide and continue to increase throughout a never ending eternity—what a sacrifice to be sure!

Language.—Language to convey all the truth does not exist.

I never have cared but for one thing, and that is, simply to know that I am now right before my Father in Heaven.

I know the Almighty will not suffer the

Saints, neither the world to slumber upon their oars.

The time is past for them to say:

"Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands,"This people [meaning the Latter-day Saints] will never see that day, for the

Lord will keep them on the alert all the time;

they will continually have something to contend with to keep them from dropping to sleep, and it matters not to me as to what means he may use to do it.

At the beginning of our late war the secession of one of the States was being discussed in a little company one evening.

"How do the ladies feel about it?"asked one gentleman of another.

"Oh,"replied the person addressed, "the ladies are for union to a man."

THE DEMON OF SOCRATES.

"There is a spirit in man; and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding."So spoke Elihu, the son of Barachel, the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram, to the afflicted Job;

and although one cannot assent to all the doctrines advanced by Job's comforters, neither by the three sages, who afflicted Job worse than did his boils, nor by young Elihu who, with becoming modesty, waited until the old men had emptied their vials of folly;

saying to himself all the while, "Days should speak, and multitude of years should teach wisdom."But when, instead of manifesting wisdom they only exhibited folly, young Elihu restrained his wrath no longer, but entered the lists against the afflicted patriarch; and as a justification for one so young as himself taking part in a contention among sages, he prefaces what he has to say by reminding them that "there is a spirit in man; and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding,"and says it in such form and in such connection as to pretty plainly intimate that he has the inspiration.

However that may be, it matters not; what we have to deal with is the ideas contained in the said preface; and although no less a personage than the Lord breaks in on the young man's discourse, by accusing him of darkening counsel by words without knowledge, yet I cannot find that this particular idea, as to the inspiration of the Almighty giving men understanding is condemned.

On the contrary I believe it sustained by the whole tenor of scripture, and also by the experience, not only of the house of

Israel, but of all mankind.

That the inspiration of Almighty God illuminated the mind of Moses, Samuel,

Isaiah, Daniel, Jesus Christ, and his Apostles; as also Nephi, Mosiah, Alma, Mormon, Joseph Smith, Brigham Young and many others directly associated with the Church and Kingdom of God in various dispensations, cannot be questioned.

The wisdom of the laws revealed through them, the excellence of their counsels, the grandeur and sublimity of their doctrines, the boldness and minuteness of their predictions, of a character beyond the uninspired mind of man to foresee, and the remarkable fulfilment in every detail of these prophecies, places the fact of their Divine inspiration beyond all reasonable doubt.

Contracted indeed, however, must be his views of the hand-dealings of God with his children, who holds that the gift of inspiration is limited to any one branch of the human race, or confined

THE DEMON OF SOCRATES.

to any one age.

While the inspiration of those whose names I have enumerated is admitted, who shall say that Confucius—who gave a jurisprudence and dictated to the most numerous nation of earth a political morality, which has stood them in good stead, not for a few hundred years only, but for more than two thousand years; whose principles of government, moreover, have secured to his people an internal security such as no other nation have enjoyed for so long a period—who shall say he was not inspired? or that the Lord did not raise him up to bless his race, not with a fulness of truth, perhaps, but with a very great deal of it?

Who can doubt the inspiration of Lycurgus who wrought a bloodless revolution in Sparta and whose laws tended to a love of virtue and a hatred of vice, until the love of country and regard for the public welfare became with the Spartans the ruling passion?

Who can say that Mohammed was not a prophet? He besmeared the idols of wood and stone with honey, the flies and insects attracted by it lighted on them, where they remained, and thus showed the idolators that the gods they worshipped could not even keep off the flies and insects from themselves, much less control the affairs of a universe.

He won as well as forced many thousands from a debasing idolatry, and gave them truer notions of God, a nobler and higher religion, and a better morality.

Taking it for granted, as the scripture teaches, that every good and perfect gift cometh from God, the Father of lights, what Christian bigot shall dare to say that the

Lord did not inspire this man, to lead so many of his children, if not directly into the full blaze of heaven's effulgent light, at least to bring them from the blackness of total darkness, to where the faint dawn of that light could fall upon them?

For one I believe that Alexander, Solon, Qesar, Charlemagne, Napoleon and Washington were just as much the servants of God as Nebuchadnezzar or Cyrus were, though the last two only are denominated "servants of God"in holy writ.

Nor do I believe that inspiration has been confined to great ch acters such as are here enumerated, but the inspiration of the Almighty has given understanding to the spirits of statesmen, philosophers, poets, navigators, inventors and men in all stations of life, and that inspiration has prompted their good works, wise laws, benevolent institutions.

In ^short, everything that tends to the amelioration of man's distress and contributes to his welfare and happiness, comes from God;

and men who set on foot and carry to successful issue the enterprises that produce these good results are but the unconscious agents of God in bringing to pass his purposes.

I say they are unconscious agents; but occasionally it happens that these characters are not unconscious of their inspiration;

such was the case with Socrates, the Greek philosopher, of whose "Demon"or inspiration it is my purpose to speak.

Socrates was born at Athens in the fourth year of the seventy-seventh Olympiad (470 B.

C.) He first applied himself to the art of sculpture, afterwards to a study of the sciences, but finally devoted himself to philosophy and the instruction of the youth of Athens, a vocation he followed for forty years.

He was declared by the oracle at Delphi to be the wisest of mankind; and indeed when one reviews the principles he taught, and considers how far in advance of his age and people they were, it is not difficult to agree with the oracle, provided its statement be limited to the philosopher's day.

The principal features of his instruction to the youth of Athens may be enumerated, as a profound reverence for the gods; one of whom, it would appear from certain passages of a discourse attributed to the philosopher, he regards as superior to all others, "who formed the universe, and supports the stupendous work whose every part is finished with the utmost goodness and harmony.

He admonishes them to believe in God's existence, notwithstanding they could not see him—"This God makes himself sufficiently visible by the endless wonders of which he is the author; but con-

JHE DEMON OE SOCRATES.

tinues invisible himself.

Let us not then refuse to believe even what weMo not see; and let us supply the defects/)f our corporeal eyes by using those of the soul."—(Advice that is not amiss for the infidel of today.) "But especially let us learn to render the just homage of respect and veneration to the Divinity:

Now. this adoration, this homage, consists in pleasing him, and we can only please him in doing his will."He taught them to pray as follows:

"Great God, give us, we beseech thee, thoseTgood things of whichl^we stand in need, whetlier we crave them or not; and remove from us all those which may be hurtful to us even though we implore them of thee."Next in importance was the doctrine of the immortality of the soul, a principle upon which he grounded many virtues; and following that was implicit obedience to the laws of the land;* and a love of poverty.

To inculcate these cardinal virtues in the minds of the youth of Athens he believed to be the mission of his life, to which he was appointed of

God.

In his defense befcre the judges, before whom he was accused for corrupting the youth and teaching disbelief in the Gods, he said:

"Pass on me what sentence you please, Athenians! but I can neither repent nor change my conduct.

I must not abandon nor suspend a function which God himself has imposed on me.

Now it is he who has charged me with the care of instructing my fellow citizens.

If the ^Notwithstanding Socrates taught what I would consider a servile obedience to the laws of Athens, irrespective of their being just or unjust, still when he was on trial before the judges for disbelief in the gods and corrupting the youth, he maintained that God had given him his mission and he could not choose but obey:

"Should you resolve to acquit me on condition that I keep silence for the future, he said on that occasion, "I should not hesitate to answer:

'Athenians, I honor and love you, but I shall choose rather to obey God than you/ "An answer not unlike that of the Apostle Peter to the Senate of the Jews:

"We ought to obey God rather than man."—Acts v. 29.

fear of death should at this time make me to abandon that [post] in which the Divine Providence has placed me, by commanding me to pass my life in the study of philosophy for the instruction of myself and others;

this would be a most criminal desertion indeed, and make me highly worthy of being cited before this tribunal as an impious man who does not believe in the gods."

That he was guided in his life by a light within him, an inspiration, was notorious in Athens, and that spiritual voice was called his Demon.

He was consulted by his friends when they were about to undertake any enterprise, and in some instances, at least, by officers of the state in state affairs, and happier had it been for Athens had they listened to his advice in some instances where they neglected it.

The peculiarity of this Demon was that it never prompted him to do anything, or at least he thought it did not, but merely restrained him or inspired him to restrain his friends or the State from pursuing any enterprise that would lead to disaster.

Thus in the seventeenth year of the Peloponnesian war, when the expedition against Sicily was set on foot by the dissolute Alcibiades,

Socrates tried to dissuade the Athenians from the undertaking, giving them to understand that his Demon had told him that defeat and disgrace would be the result.

His warnings were scorned, and the magnificent fleet set sail with every promise of success, but it terminated as the philosopher—or shall

I say prophet?—predicted it would. Alcibiades was called home in disgrace from the expedition, and the other two generals associated with him in the command, Nicias and Lamachus were killed, and finally, the outgrowth of this matter was that the Athenians were beaten in the Peloponnesian war, the form of their government was changed, and thirty commanders, who turned out to be thirty tyrants were appointed by their enemies to rule over them.

It cost them something to resist the counsel of their inspired man—their prophet.

In his defense before the judges,

THE DEMON OF SOCRATES.

already alluded to, he himself speaks of his Demon and the manner of its operations:

"I am reproached,"he says, "with abject fear and meanness of spirit, for being so busy in imparting my advice to every one in private, and yet having always avoided being present in your assemblies, to give my counsel to my country.

I thought I had given sufficient proofs of my courage and fortitude, both in the field where I have home arms with you, and in the senate, when I alone opposed the unjust sentence you pronounced against the ten captains, who had not taken up and interred the bodies of those who were killed and drowned in the sea-fight, near the islands of Arginusas;

and when, upon more than one occasion, I opposed the violent and cruel orders of the Thirty Tyrants. What is it then that prevented me from appearing in your assemblies?

It is that Demon, Athenians, that voice divine, which you have so often heard me mention, and which Militus [his chief accuser] has taken so much pains to ridicule.

That spirit has attached itself to me from my infancy;

it is a voice which I never hear, but when it would prevent me from persisting in something

I have resolved, for it never exhorts me to undertake anything.

It is that which has always opposed me when I have intermeddled in the affairs of the republic; and its opposition was very seasonable; for

I should have been amongst the dead long ago had I been concerned in the measures of the State, without effecting anything to the advantage of myself or our country.

Do not take it ill, I beseech you, if I speak my thoughts without disguise, and with truth and freedom.

Every man who would generously oppose a whole people, either amongst us or elsewhere, and who inflexibly applies himself to prevent the violation of the laws and the practice of iniquity in a city, will never do so long with impunity.

It is absolutely necessary for him who would contend for justice, if he has the slightest wish to live, to remain in a private station, and never have any share in public affairs."

From the manner of its operations it would seem that his Demon was a sort of negative inspiration, but none the less real on that account; and it may be that unconsciously it prompted him to do many things, but he was not aware of its operations, until he began to walk contrary to its promptings; even as one may float down a river in a canoe without being aware of the strength of the current, until he undertakes to stem it.

However this may be, I believe in the Demon of Socrates.

In fact I freely confess myself sufficiently a Mohammedan to believe that every nation has its prophets, or inspired men; and that God does not and has not left his children, no more among the Pagan than among the Christian nations, to wander in total darkness and altogether without his guidance.

But when we speak of the revelations for the government of the Church of God and the instruction of the Saints in their organized capacity, God has an organized priesthood, the rights and prerogatives of each quorum of which are clearly defined, and through the appointed channels of that priesthood he makes known his will to the Church for its government.

And while I rejoice in the thought that among all peoples and nations the Lord raises up wise men and by his spirit inspires them to a degree that they are almost if not quite prophets, and are leading their people and feeding them with truth almost to the extent of their capacity to absorb it, my joy is more full that it has fallen to my lot to be identified with the Church of Christ wherein are a multitude who have claims upon the spirit of inspiration, and where that organization exists which is the link between earth and heaven.

Horatio.

Shakespeare!

whoever thou mayest prove to be, God save the Bacon that men find in thee!

If that philosopher, though bright and wise,

Those lofty labors did in truth devise,

Then it must follow, as the night the day,

That "Hamlet,""Lear,""Macbeth,"and each great play That certifies nobility of mind,

Was written by the "meanest of mankind."

THE WARDER'S STORY.

In an old worm eaten chest, the property of a lodger named William

Willston, who died in a London tenement, was found the MS.

of the tale which follows:

I, William Worthington, believing that

I am about to die, pray to heaven for strength to tell a tale of wrong and suffering.

I know not the year in which I am living.

I dare not ask.

I only pray for strength to finish, for my wife and children, if, they still live, the story of my woes.

The shock of freedom upon my broken constitution is proving too great, and I feel that death is near.

I was a warder in the Tower of

London.

Every prisoner placed under my surveillance for twenty years had been tried, judged and sentenced by my inner consciousness, and as my intuitions led me, so were they treated, though I never violated a law.

By this inner tribunal of my own, I judged that the Duke of Elton had been a traitor to his king, and from my hands he received no favors beyond the requirements of the law.

I little dreamed that so great a personage would wreak vengeance upon a vassal so far below him, yet his hirelings gave oath, months after his release, that, during a time when the utmost watchfulness had been enjoined upon the warders, I was found asleep at my post.

During that critical period the penalty was death.

That very day I had walked far into the suburbs of London, on leave of absence to visit my family, and had returned to take my usual watch from nine at night until nine on the following morning.

I was weary and travel stained, which told against me, but as there is justice in heaven, I did not sleep on my post, neither that night nor any night during my years of service.

A warder had once slept and allowed the escape of political prisoners.

He was accused of complicity, and the death penalty had been instituted.

I could prove nothing.

I had paced the corridors through the night, but the prisoners had slept and could say nothing to save me.

Two men claimed to have passed through the corridor as the clock struck twelve, and upon their oaths affirmed that I was sleeping.

If they entered the corridor at all, it was while I was at the farther end, and they must have left before my return.

In vain I protested my innocence.

The friends of the Duke of Elton were in favor, and my doom seemed inevitable.

I had been foully dealt with, and during a short recess I bethought me of foul means for escape.

I had a stanch friend in the tower, a fellow warder.

I would risk everything and trust to him.

The infinite patience and kindness of a mother's love had taught me to write, and I carelessly toyed with the materials at hand, stealthily writing a word or two now and then, without detection. At last it was finished, no whit too soon, for the opportunity came at once to slip into the warder's hand, unseen this writing:

Haste to the clock, outside the wall. Cat with a saw, a thirteenth notch, after the twelve, in the striking wheel, and save the life of

William Worthington.

With this paper crumbled in his hand, he gave his evidence which availed me naught, save to prove that I was at my post before eleven o'clock, and that the usual greetings were exchanged.

As he passed out he gave me a searching look, but its meaning I could not divine.

I could not tell his bearing toward me.

If I were removed my place would become his, and I was a little above him.

Would he risk imprisonment for himself to save me?

Midnight alone could answer.

I was asked if I had aught to say, and, as though under the influence of a sudden recollection, I replied:

"These men claim that the clock struck twelve while I was sleeping.

At twelve o'clock I was awake, in proof of which know this: The great clock needs repairing, for at twelve in the night I

THE WARDER'S STORY.

counted thirteen strokes of the bell.

It will probably do so again to-night.

Wait and see."Oh, the horror of those hours of waiting!

Three!

Four!

Five!

Six o'clock, and for the first time in twenty years, save for my holidays, I was not in my place.

Seven!

Eight!

Nine!

And still the hours dragged on, wearily, when I bethought me of the all absorbing issue, but much too swiftly, if that wooden wheel were untouched.

Ten and eleven o'clock struck.

Then came the longest hour of my life.

Days and weeks seemed to pass, and all the actions of my life in slow procession trooped before me.

I longed for midnight, and yet dreaded to know what fate it held in store for me.

"Boom!"—came the first stroke from the great bell.

With breathless lips I counted the strokes, at each one pressing a finger into the palm of my hands so hard that the nails pierced the skin.

Four fingers had thus closed on the right hand, and over them the thumb, recording the fifth stroke.

Four more on the left hand and slowly over them closed the thumb, like a band of steel.

Eleven!

The hands flew open and I started forward, listening, trembling, praying.

Twelve!

I could feel the very vibrations of the bell beating against my temples as the iron tongue struck the side.

Thirteen!

Thank God!

He had befriended me in my hour of need.

I fell fainting to the floor, and from sheer exhaustion slept till daybreak.

I believe that the judges would have reinstated me, could they have been allowed to use their own discretion, but powerful enemies were at work against me and the freshly sawed slot in the striking wheel of the clock was discovered, and I was again snmmoned for further trial.

The guards swore that no person had access to me after my arrest, and thus left a doubt in their minds.

This doubt caused them to modify the death sentence to solitary confinement in the lower dungeon of the tower.

What modification!

Better death than that;

better to know that one swift stroke would end all earthly sufferings and that revengeful enmity could never more assail me.

But prisoners had escaped from this very tower before, and why not again?

I would wait and hope and strive; wait for the unfolding of the future's mysterious problems, hope for those almost miraculous changes that sometimes shift the power of a sovereign in the twinkling of an eye; strive, if I could, but what is the strife of one close kept within a rock bound cell!

So in my solitude I sat for hours, brooding upon my condition.

Then came the desire to know my surroundings more intimately.

How well I know each stone, each line and fissure!

I could press my hands upon a bed of yielding clay and reproduce the walls of my cell so accurately that a mold of one would fit the other so closely a stream of water could not trickle through between them.

Each stone I hate, save those I moved aside and broke against each other to use as implements of toil.

My cell was nine feet high, five feet broad and ten feet deep.

Two bars of iron inserted in the solid rock supported four boards six inches wide and two inches in thickness, which, with a coarse blanket and a sack of straw, composed my bed.

Along the outer edge of the planks was fastened another one, extending one and a half inches above the edge, a three legged stool and a billet of wood to place beneath the sack of straw for a pillow, completed the equipment of the cell.

Through an opening in the heavy door

I could see damp walls and heavy doors.

Through this opening, at irregular intervals, was thrust a loaf of bread and a jug of water, and at times a piece of meat would be left, without a word, upon the shelf at the opening.

Many a time have I raised the jug to dash it against the stones and with ragged edge sever an artery, but each time the faint spark of hope has stayed my hand.

During the first few days, thoughts of injustice that had been done to me and the strangeness of my surroundings gave food for reflection, and motionless I sat upon my bed with my head buried in

THE WARDER'S STORY my hands, hours, days, perhaps weeks, for I could no longer measure time.

Then came the revulsion of feeling, the desire to be up and doing, the thirst for companionship.

I would cry aloud, shriek, ay, even curse to drive away the madness that seemed to haunt the place, but all in vain; my own voice was not the one I longed to hear, and back would come that indefinable dread, that told me I must save myself from despair or reason would desert me.

OhJ_you_who wander forth into the blessed woodlands and say you have been alone;

you who drift out from shore in an open boat, with your eyes fixed upon the skies above you and say you are alone, what can you know of such solitude as mine, where not even the gnawing of a rat breaks the unending silence.

Hour after hour I toyed with the broken pieces of the lantern.

Each one had its name; each to me was a living thing with a personality.

The little pin that held its door in place, I would throw away and then search for it.

Again and again I would throw it, hoping it would lodge in some crevice and bring a new sensation when

I failed to find it.

Wearied with this I would count the hairs of my beard, separating one from another and then beginning over again, assuming that the count had been incorrect.

One day my food was thrust through the opening to me and in the meat a bone of peculiar shape, not unlike a laborer's pick, gave rise to thoughts which, for some strange reason, had never visited me before.

I kept it and sharpening it against the stone, began to dig away the wood on the edge of my bed.

I struck something hard.

Joy!

The pinions were of iron.

Here was a hope, here was an occupation, here were the tools to labor with.

Oh how I worked, and ere long held in my hand six spikes four inches long.

Day after day with these I picked and scraped and dug at the stone wall of my cell until at last I loosened a stone, then another and then another, and then came to the moist earth.

Again and again I kissed that soil, calling it by endearing names, as a mother would call a child that has been lost and restored.

Using the fragments of stone to save my hands, I loosened the soil, filled the broken lantern and brought it back into my cell, filling the corners, stowing it away under the bed and spreading it on the planks where I slept.

But my cell would not hold all the dirt I must move before I could hope to make an exit.

I must have a place for it or all my labors would be in vain.

Hoping against hope, I began to dig at the wall opposite the door.

The spikes were almost worn away before the opening was made, but my efforts were not unavailing, for beyond the wall there had been, at some distant time, four cells like my own.

These had been thrown into one.

The doors had been walled up with solid masonry, and it remained, I suppose, only as a support to the structure above.

Into this walled inclosure I packed away the earth as fast as

I could loosen it and bring it back.

I had proceeded but twenty or thirty feet when I found a treasure of inestimable value to me, a broken sword, rusty and crumbling at the end and edges, but still substantial enough to serve in place of the worn out spikes.

The hilt had once been richly jeweled, but most of the gems were gone.

The few remaining I removed with a piece of broken stone, and, wrapping them in a fragment of my clothing, treasured carefully, in the fond hope that some day I should see the streets of London again.

With this new implement my work proceeded more favorably, and using my own length as a measure, I estimated that I had pushed along two hundred feet.

I then began to incline my course upward, and ere many days had passed I knew by the quantity of earth in the cells that I must be nearing the surface.

Onward and upward I crept, and yet no sounds to tell me that I was nearing my goal.

I had stowed away all that I could.

I would now dig straight up and press the waste against the sides of my tunnel by placing my back against one side.

CORIANTON.

Then came the thought, "May I not be under theThames! Will the swift influx of water flood my cell and bear to them the unwritten story of my struggles?"

I knew that I must be beyond the moat and beyond the double wall, if I had come out on the side with the gates.

It was my only hope, and that failing me, death would be welcome, so I pushed upward.

How my heart throbs as I recall that instant, when, pushing through the turf, I felt the air of heaven again blowing across my face!

I had come out into the open space diagonally across from the tower gate.

The stars were shining in the sky, and now and then a cloud swept over the moon as though to shroud my escape.

Grasping what was left of the broken sword, I climbed up to the level ground.

Not a soul was in sight. Lame and weak as I was, some strange, new found power impelled me onward, and I fled, not knowing, not caring whither I was tending.

If I met any one I do not know it.

My blood seemed on fire.

I was free.

Let them take me back to-morrow if.they would.

I had tasted the air of freedom again, and now I could die.

On, on I went, until at last nature, weak, worn and exhausted, left me panting at the door of an inn.

I recall the keeper's burly form and red, good natured face, and then my senses must have left me, for I awoke to find myself in this bed where I am writing.

I have seen only the little girl who brought me materials for writing and I have sent down the jewels from the sword hilt to compensate the innkeeper for his care.

I shall see him to-morrow, and then I shall know if those who love me still live;

if those for whom I have cared will now care for this broken reed that the storms of life have blasted.

In the seventh house beyond the wooden bridge at Heme Hill road I left my wife and children.

Shall I see them again?

Shall I ever Here the MS breaks off, incomplete, and in a scrawling hand, probably that of the innkeeper, are these words:

"Written by an old and ragged man with long white hair and beard, who died in the kitchen chamber of the Blue

Bird inn.

We have, as duty called, sent to the seventh house from the wooden bridge, on Heme Hill road, but a happy family lives therein, who seek no aged, dying man, and know not who he may be.

James Clarence Harvey.

CORIANTON.

CHAPTER I.

The summer's sun was just struggling through the mists that over-hung the eastern horizon, and faintly gilding the towers and house tops of Zarahemla, as a party of seven horsemen, evidently weary with the night's travel, were seen slowly moving along the foot of the hill Manti, in the direction of the above named city.

The manner in which the party traveled was evidently by pre-arrangement, and for a purpose.

Two rode in advance and two in the rear, while the other three rode abreast, the one in the middle being guarded by those who rode beside him.

A second look showed that his arms were securely bound behind him, and the guard on each side held the powerful horse he rode by means of a strap of raw-hide fastened to the bridle.

The prisoner was the most, in fact the only person of striking appearance in the little cavalcade, the others being rather heavy, dull men of serious countenance; the prisoner, however, had an air of boldness and cool defiance which contrasted sharply with the humble aspect of his guards.

He sat his horse with an easy grace which gave less evidence of fatigue from the long ride through the sultry night, than that exhibited by his guards; the man, indeed, seemed especially adapted for endurance.

The head, too, was massive and the countenance striking;

CORIANTON.

the brilliancy of the bold black'eyes challenged contest or flashed back defiance, while the peculiar expression about the mouth, half scornful smile, half sneer, seemed to breathe contempt for all things on which he looked.

The party now came in full view of the city.

"At last,"exclaimed he that was bound, with mocked solemnity, "the soldiers of Christ and their prisoner behold the holy city, where dwells the great prophet—even God's high priest, who smites with the words of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips slays the wicked!"and the speaker laughed scornfully, but his guards made no reply.

"Methinks ye soldiers of the king that is to be, give scant homage to a shrine so holy as this—why, think men, this is the abode of God's vice-gerent, the head-quarters of heaven on earth, so to speak! And yet ye move on in full view of this holy shrine unbowed! Down slaves, and worship the place of my sanctuary—so runs the words of holy prophets, is it not so?"Still no answer.

"Yet uncovered and unbowed? Ah, I forgot, you are from the land of Gideon, where dwells another of these holy prophets—and, it may be, that to worship at this shrine would be treason to your own high priest.

O, thou brighteyed goddess of liberty, what distraction, what fears must disturb the breasts of the poor, craven wretches who worship aught but thee!"Further remarks of the scoffer were cut short by the guards in advance urging their horses into a brisk gallop, an example followed by the rest of the party.

The good broad road, down which they dashed, sloped gently from the western base of the hill Manti to the gate in the east wall of the city.

It had been cut through a primeval forest, and the strips of woodland on either side of it, still untouched by the woodman's ax, made of it a grand avenue.

Here and there to the right and left were lanes leading off to the fields beyond, toward which the laborers were slowly moving to begin the toil of the day.

These turned to look with unconcealed wonder upon the strange party as it dashed past them, and some few turned back to the city, bent on finding out who the prisoner was and what was afoot.

As the party drew rein near the gate, two guards armed with heavy swords and long spears, and wearing helmets and breast- plates challenged their entrance, and demanded their business.

"Great God!"exclaimed the prisoner, "and this is the people who boast of their freedom!

This is the free city of Zarahemla!

and yet here stands the minions of the high priest and the chief judge to question whence ye come and why!""We come from the city of Gideon,"said one of the guards in charge of the prisoner, in answer to the questions of the guards at the gate, "we have in charge Korihor, the anti-Christ, who seeks to destroy religion and subvert all government; we""Thou liest, almost as well as a high priest,"broke in the prisoner, "I seek but to root out of men's minds the false traditions of the fathers concerning God and Christ, and to make them free!

I only"—

"You will do well,"quietly replied he whom he had interrupted, to make your defense before the high priest and chief judge of the city, and not before your own and the city guards."Then turning to the guards of the gate he continued:

"We have brought Korihor from the city of Gideon where he was tried""For his virtues,"broke in the prisoner.

—"for his offenses,"continued the guard, not heeding the interruption, "but the chief judge at Gideon hath sent him to the chief judge of the whole land in this city, to hear his case, and he"—

"And God's high priest,"spoke up the prisoner, "I charge thee, guard, leave not out the holy prophet,

I long to meet in sharp contest the vice-gerent on earth of your Christ that is to be 'according to the holy prophets.'""Well, then, we seek the high priest and chief judge before whom this man is to be tried,"said the guard, evidently

CORIANTON.

vexed with the mocking tone of the scoffer.

"Pass on"said the guard at the gate, "Jasper"said he to his companion, "conduct these men to the judgment hall, give their prisoners to the keeper of the prison, then direct them to the house of the chief judge;

I shall wait until you return; and I pray God that this bold man may be silenced, for before now he hath disturbed the quiet of our city not a little."As the party passed through the massive gateway, Korihor turned to look back at the guard, and raising his voice, said to the crowd which had gathered there rather than to the one whom he addressed, "Guard, tell your good people as they pass in and out of the city, that Korihor, their friend, who would see them free, is in bonds for liberty's sake, and is soon to be tried before an imperious high priest and a tyrant judge, for honest disbelief in the foolish traditions of their fathers—tell them this, and ask them if the time has come when all men must be slaves to superstition There was an instant buzz of excitement in the crowd, for

Korihor was not unknown in Zarahemla.

A few months before he had been through that city and had spoken boldly against the prophets and the traditions respecting the coming and atonement of

Christ.

Since then he had been traveling through the land of Jershon among the people of Ammon, there he met with little* success; for that people bound him and banished him from their lands. From thence he went into the land of Gideon where he sought as in other places to stir up sedition.

He was brought before the high priest and chief judge of that city, and they being in doubt as to what they ought to do with him, bound him and sent him to the high priest over the whole church, and to the chief judge of the whole land, both of whom resided in the city of Zarahemla;

the second Alma occupying the former position, and Nephihah the latter.

These incidents occurred in the seventeenth year of the reign of the judges, a period corresponding with the year 75 B. C.

Meantime our party passed down one of the principal streets of the ancient city, into the market square. Here many were engaged in unpacking fruits and vegetables from huge baskets strapped across the backs of asses, and arranging them under awnings to preserve them from the scorching rays of the sun.

In the richest profusion were piles of fruits and vegetables, luscious grapes and fragrant bananas, lemons, limes, figs, dates, bread-fruit and a variety of vegetables such as the tropics alone can produce.

Purchasers were already thronging to the market, and as our party from the city of Gideon passed on, Korihor shouted to them, as he had done to the crowd at the gate, which resulted in quickly gathering a throng of men who eagerly questioned the guards as to the man's offense—"alleged offense, you mean,"he cried, "for I am guilty of no crime, except we have fallen on those evil days to which the idle traditions of our father's tend, when to disbelieve the words of ancient dotards styling themselves prophets, and giving expression to ones honest thoughts has become a crime;

or when resisting the oppression ofj udges, who ever. have one ear turned to a priest to learn what superstition teaches is the word of God, be a wrong; and when to be the friend of liberty, a foe to tyranny whether in priest or judge, and an enemy to an enslaving superstition, is considered worthy of bonds and the prison."

This and much more that he said as he passed along, surrounded by his guards, produced no little excitement in the crowd, for in those ancient days and distant climes, as well as in our own day those who persuaded men they were not well governed had many willing followers; and then as now demagogues, blasphemers and the enemies of law and order knew what a tower of strength the cry of freedom gave to a cause, however unworthy or destructive of the very thing in the interest of which, ostensibly, they worked.

"O liberty, liberty!"exclaimed Madame Roland as she ascended the blood stained scaffold of France, "how many crimes are committed in thy name!"and how true the words wrung from her agonized heart!

CORIANTON.

Having passed through the marketsquare and through a narrow, irregular street, with massive, two-story stone houses on either side, which marked the most ancient part of the city, the guards suddenly turned to the right into a large square, on one side of which stood an immense structure of hewn stone with a wide, high porch, supported by massive pillars, and approached by a broad flight of stone steps.

This was the public hall of justice, as indicated in an inscription carved in the stone above the porch. To the right of the building extended a high stone wall in which was hung a heavy wooden door, plentifully studded with iron spikes.

To this door the guard who had led the party from the east gate of the city directed his footsteps, and taking a small wooden mallet suspended by a chain fastened to the door post, he struck the door three smart blows, and a moment later a small wicket in the upper part of the door was opened and a harsh voice demanded what was wanted.

"A guard of horsemen from the city of Gideon bring with them to the judgment seat of the high priest and chief judge, one Korihor, charged with seeking to breed sedition and subvert the government;

they deliver him to the care of the keeper of the prison—open the door and admit him at once—the people are becoming excited and may raise a tumult.

The latter clause of the sentence was delivered hurriedly and in an undertone.

There was a profuse rattling of chains, the falling of an iron bar, and the door swung open with a grating sound.

Meantime the guards of Korihor had assisted him to dismount, and with their prisoner before them, and leading their horses, passed into the prison-yard.

A number of men pressed close after them, but were denied admittance by the gate keeper, who drove them back and closed and barred the door.

Seeing Korihor safely bestowed, and their horses cared for, the guards from Gideon were conducted across the square fronting the hall of justice, to the house of the chief judge, and presented to him the communication or commitment from the high priest and chief judge of Gideon.

The crowd which had been attracted by the unusual spectacle of the small cavalcade passing through their streets, and the animated speeches of the prisoner, still lingered in the public square, gathered in groups, discussing the events of the morning.

"I tell you,"said a hard visaged man to a group of listeners standing near the centre of the square, "I tell you there is too much truth in the complaints of Korihor.

The high priests and the chief judges are becoming too arbitrary in their rulings;

there's too much said about law and order and not enough regard paid to personal liberty.""Tut, man,"said a voice from the outskirts of the group, "whenever has a disturber of the peace, a blasphemer of God, an enemy to religion come amongst us but what he has taken refuge behind the cry of liberty?

So did Nehor in the first year of the reign of the judges so did Amlici five years later; and Korihor is such as they were, and with like cunning adopts their cry of liberty, when in reality his principles lead to the destruction of freedom and all its safeguards.

Believe me, friends,"he continued, addressing the group, "not every one that cries out against God, religion and the law is a friend to freedom, they are always its enemies.

The law stands watch and guard over your rights and liberties; by that Korihor will be jifdged and justice rendered.

In the meantime let not your minds be carried away by the persuasion of men whose business is agitation, who prosper by violence, and thrive on tumults.

'So saying, the young man, for such he was, putting his arm about a still younger man who stood at his side, walked away.

The group also began to break up, the man who had been harangueing it when interrupted, muttering that it could only be expected that the sons of the high priest would defend the oppressions of their father;

they themselves were interested.

As the two young men were crossing the square, the younger said to his brother:

"Notwithstanding what you

CORIANTON.

*75 said just now to the crowd, Shiblon, and the truth of it in general, I think this treatment of Korihor is too harsh.

Our law protects a man in his belief and in the expression of it; and though Korihor hath a proud bearing and holds what you believe to be dangerous views, still I think the officers at Gideon exceeded their jurisdiction in sending him bound to this city.""Holds what I believe to be danger- „ous views! And do not you believe them to be dangerous?

Corianton, I fear the spirit of unbelief, the moral and spiritual poison, the orations of this same man infused into your soul when he first appeared in our city, hath not yet been worked out."The hot blood rushed to the temples of Corianton at this accusation, and he replied with some warmth not unmixed with bitterness:

"It has not been the fault of brother Helaman or yourself, then, for I have heard little else since his departure from Zarahemla but your lame arguments in support of the shadowy traditions of our fathers about the coming of Messiah and his atonement.""I am sorry to find you in this mood my brother,"replied Shiblon, "and it grieves me to hear you speak so lightly of things that are sacred; but if too much restraint has been thrown upon the liberty of Korihor by the authorities of Gideon, you know full well that justice will be done him in the court of our father and the chief judge—you know that no oppression is countenanced by them."At this moment the guard from the gate who had conducted those in charge of Korihor to the presence of the chief judge passed them, and in answer to a question from Corianton told them the case of Korihor was appointed to be heard on the morrow.

"It is the time of day appointed for the meeting of the priesthood, to consider the mission about to be appointed to the Zoramites.

Our father sent me to find you and bring you to the council, for I think he wishes you to be a party to the undertaking, shall we go?""You may go brother, but I will not,"replied Corianton.

"I have no relish for these dull councils, and as for converting the Zoramites, they may be as near right in their theology as yourself or our father, for aught I know; the whole subject is so wrapt in mystery that we can at least afford to be liberal, and not bind men and thrust them into prison for daring to assert their disbelief in these mysterious things.""But it is the express wish of father that you should attend this council; out of respect for him, will you not come?"said Shiblon.

"Say, to our good father the priest,, that I am gone to visit one who is cast into prison for the cause of liberty."Then seeing the pained expression in his brother's face, his manner changed, and placing his hand affectionately on his shoulder he said:

"Shiblon, go thou to the council, and give no further thought to me;

let me follow the bent of my own mind.

Your steady patience;

your deep conviction as to the truth of the traditions of our fathers; your wisdom and goodness make you a fitting minister for God, if such a being there is; you are destined to become a pillar in the church; not so with me; my wild love of liberty can ill brook the restraints of the gospel or the priesthood, and the skepticism ingrained in my very nature disqualifies me for the work I could readily believe you were designed to support.

But I'll none of it, until I see some manifestation of the power of God, spoken of so frequently by our father, and of which the scriptures speak on nearly every page; so farewell."

Turning on his heel, he bent his footsteps in the direction of the prison gate, while Shiblon with a troubled heart stood gazing after him.

"David had his Absalom, Lehi, his Laman, and this my brother, my father's darling son, seems destined to wring my father's heart with anguish, as they did theirs.

Oh! why is it, that those formed in the very prodigality of nature—endowed with a heaven-born intelligence genius—must be cursed with a doubting, rebellious spirit'that weighs down all their better parts, and wrecks the hopes,

A WONDERFUL SCHOOL.

built on what their talents promise?

Oh, that some good angel would my brother meet, as was my father met, shake off his doubting fears, and give him back to us converted to the truth and pledged to its maintenance, as was my father!

Then how would shine that master power within him which overawes men's minds or bends them to his purpose!

Brother, flout me, resist me how you will;

I'll follow you through all your fortunes, good or ill, and win you yet to God and truth!"With these words on his lips, and this pious purpose in his heart, Shiblon, the son of Alma the priest, directed his steps to the council chamber.

[To be continued.] A WONDERFUL SCHOOL.

In that poverty stricken and malodorous district of the great metropolis of Great Britain rendered, of late, so notorious by the atrocities of ''Jack the Ripper'flourishes one of the most noteworthy schools in the world,—one remarkable for its size, unique in many of its characteristics and marvelous in its results.

It has lately been described, by one of the highest educational officers in the realm, as "the largest school in the British Empire, the cheapest school in the United Kingdom, and under all circumstances the best school in England,"also "one of the best training colleges in the kingdom."This is almost startling praise when we consider how careful European officials are to weigh their public words of commendation, and how strong is the tendency with them to make all their statements as colorless as possible, in order to avoid complications and undesirable comparisons.

This remarkable place of learning is none other than the Jew's free school in Bell Lane,—one of the most obscure regions of London.

The school has a roll of three thousand three hundred scholars.

Of these the average attendance is ninety-five per cent.

This is far above nearly every other school in the land, the average attendance throughout England being only seventy-six per cent.

It secures ninety-eight per cent, of passes;

the average throughout the kingdom being only seventy-one.

These are results that teachers alone can fully appreciate.

Under ordinary circumstances and with none other than the usual difficulties to contend with such a showing would be worthy of unstinted praise.

But what shall be said when it is learned that only about ten per cent.—some terms more, some terms less—of the pupils, when they enter the school,can speak English.

Indeed many can scarcely be said to speak any language at all. Their tongue is a patois, almost a jargon composed of many tongues.

Who, then, are this multitude that make up this modern Babel?

They are the children of the robbed and plundered outcasts of the House of Israel, they who have been expatriated in Russia, driven out of Poland, exiled from Germany, hunted down in the Danubian principalities, and who, by the sacrifice of their all have managed to reach the far famed city of London, in the hope of rest from persecution and the opportunity of finding employment, which will at least keep the wolf from the door.

It is^three thousand of the children of these poor refugees who day by day, scantily clothed and half fed, assemble beneath the roof of this vast school-house and with astonishing rapidity are made good English scholars; so good that the school stands at the head of all its kind, a marvelous work and a wonder.

To what may we attribute these extraordinary results?

Are they to be ascribed to the mental strength and activity of the

Jewish race, which, when given opportunity, soon outstrips its fellows?

Can we ascribe them to the great proficiency and technical ability of the masters and teachers of the school, or to some wonderful system of organization and school government that has been evolved

MAN'S RELATIONS/HI'TO DEITY.

and applied?

Or, indeed, may we not reasonably believe that the fact that in it religions education takes a decided part, has much to do with its success?

For it must be remembered that it is first and before all other things a Jewish school, Jewish in its teaching as well as its composition.

It is probable that to each and all of these causes is due a portion of its unequaled progress.

For the teachers and scholars are all of Israel, the latter are of more than ordinary efficiency, and the system on which the school is governed and directed is well nigh perfect.

To the poor who cannot pay, the school is free; and to the poorer yet it is wise and generous in providing in part for their physical wants. To the half starved, of which there are many, a portion of food is given;

for it is becoming a well recognized fact that if the children of the poor are to derive full benefit from the instructions given them they must be sufficiently well fed to enable the brain to work freely.

This fact has grown more and more apparent each year since the enforcement of the compulsory education act in Great Britain.

Another remarkable thing about this school is that the same gentleman—Mr.

Moses Angell—has been the head master between forty-nine and fifty years.

To him, more than to any one man, is its success to be attributed.

When he was first connected with it, its classes met in a wretched little building with an average attendance of scarcely one hundred.

In the fifty years of his guidance it has grown to its present mammoth proportions—

a sign of the times, a type of the age. And who can tell to what it will grow in the future, if the influx of Continental Jews into London still continues?

And again who of us can measure the influence of such a school (or such a schoolmaster as its principal) in the history of the Jewish race, or, on the. other hand, on the destiny of the nation that absorbs these people as a part of its citizens.

We can, be we so disposed, draw two pictures of these three thousand waifs, who are daily instructed by Mr. Angell and his associates.

In the first we can imagine them thrown on British soil and resting there in the same state of ignorance, poverty and squalor as their parents, without education, without a knowledge ofthe language of their adopted country, foreigners they would be and foreigners they would remain, to a marked extent a dead weight on the community, with little power for self elevation in any direction.

On the other hand, we behold them with the foundation of a good education, learned in English ways and customs and with a knowledge of its language, thus becoming the peers of their fellow citizens, with all the possibilities of Englishmen within their reach.

Geo.

Reyjiohls.

A marine view should always be a water color, a landscape never.

Bazar.

MAN'S RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY.

In order to get a clear understanding of man's redemption through the atonement of Jesus Christ—the grand central truth of the gospel—it is necessary to know something of the relationship between God and man.

The very fact that such a sacrifice was made for his redemption—being no less than the im- *This is the first of a series of articles supplemental to "The Gospel"in the M.

I. A. Course of Reading.

S* molation of him, who in heaven bore the second name—argues at once some special relationship between man and Deity, who instituted the plan of redemption.

In view of the greatness and importance of that sacrifice, we may well ask, with the psalmist, "What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man that thou visited him?"These questions lead to the investigation of man's origin;

for upon his origin his relationship to God depends.

A discus-

r 7 8 MAN'S RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY.

sion of this subject must be very imperfect, not to say partial, that does not give some attention to the various theories at least to the most prominent ones—of man's origin.

It is scarcely necessary to say that theories on the subject are quite numerous and widely different; and that in each school of naturalists sustaining the various views are men eminent for their learning and intelligence.

All existing theories, however, may be arranged under three headings; first, themonogenists, who hold that mankind have descended from a single human pair, created by Deity;

and their descendants, modified by climatic influences, food, habits of life and thought constitute the various races of men:

second, the polygenists, who insist not only on one act of creation, but upon a number of independent creations, "each giving birth to essential, unchangeable peculiarities of a separate race, thus constituting a diversity of species with primal adaptation to their geographical distribution:"third, the evolutionists, who believe all existing species are but developments of pre-existing and lower forms of life;

which, in their turn, were but developments of still lower forms, and so on back, back until you reach the spontaneous generation of the lowest types of vegetable and animal life, "as the accumulation of mold upon food, the swarming of maggots in meat, the generation of insect life in decaying vegetable substances, the birth of one form arising out of the decay of another;

the slow and gradual unfolding from a lower to a higher sphere acting through a long succession of ages, culminating in the grandeur of intellectual manhood."Of these theories the first and last only need detain us;

and since the theory of evolution is the one more generally accepted by scientific men, and is making rapid progress among the masses, I think it proper to state the basis of this theory more in detail.

The absurdities which theologians associated with the first named hypothesis as to the origin of man and the universe is largely responsible for the existence of the theory of evolution.

Finding so much that was,contrary to well known facts, not so much in the theory itself, as in the presentations or explanations of its advocates, induced men of intelligence to look for some other explanation of the genesis of things.

It was doubtless observed that many remarkable resemblances exist between man and the inferior animals.

In embryonic development, in physical structure, in material composition and the functions of organs, man and the superior animals are strikingly alike. The skeleton ofman when examined minutely and compared with the skeletons of the higher orders of animals, seems only a modification of them, and in some instances the modifications appear extremely slight.

This resemblance also exists among the inferior animals, and it was this, doubtless, which gave birth to the idea of a common origin for all existing species both in the animal and vegetable kingdoms.

Side by side with the above mentioned facts are others that sustain, it is claimed, the idea of common origin; and suggest at least an explanation of how the variety of animal and vegetable forms was brought into existence.

The great law of nature, it is conceded, is for like to beget like; the tendency of offspring is always to reproduce the parent forms, as every seed produces its kind; that is the general law of nature, and to it a special name is given—it is called atavism.

But notwithstanding this general law, there is a modification of it to say the least, a tendency to variation, slight in some cases and more marked in others.

This is a matter of common observation.

The male does not follow the precise type of the male parent, nor does the female always inherit the precise characteristics of the mother.

"There are all sorts of intermixtures and intermediate conditions between the two, where complexion, or beauty, or fifty other different peculiarities belonging to either side of the house, are reproduced in other members of the same family."

This kind of variation in cases where offspring are produced by sexual propagation is

AIAN'S RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY.

attributed to the fact that the thing propagated proceeds from two organisms of different sexes and temperaments.

Breeders of our domestic animals take advantage of this tendency to variation to produce such varieties as are most desirable, and, indeed, for that matter, to obtain new varieties by crossing breeds.

Sometimes this tendency to variation acts in the most remarkable and unaccountable manner, and because naturalists can assign no reason for it, they have called it "spontaneous variation."That it may be understood I quote instances of such variation from Professor Huxley:

Reaumur, a famous French naturalist, in an essay on variation relates a remarkable case of spontaneous variation which came under his observation in the person of a Maltese, of the name of Gratio Kelleia, who was born with six fingers upon each hand, and the like number of toes to each of his feet.

His parents, of course, were ordinary fivefingered persons.

This was a case then of "spontaneous generation;"and subsequent circumstances in connection with this case prove there is a tendency to perpetuate these variations.

Gratio Kelleia married, when he was twentytwo years of age, an ordinary fivefingered lady.

The result of that marriage was four children.

The first, Salvator, had six fingers and six toes, like the father; the second, George, had five fingers and toes, but one of them was deformed, showing a tendency to variation; the third, Andre, had five fingers and five toes perfect;

the fourth, a girl, Marie, had five fingers and five toes but her thumbs were deformed, showing a tendency towards the sixth.

These children grew up and when they came to adult years married, and of course it happened that they all married five-fingered and five-toed persons. Now let us see what happened.

Salvator had four children, they were two boys, a girl and another boy: the first two boys and the girl were six-fingered and six-toed, like their grand father; the fourth child had only five fingers and five toes.

George had four children:

There] were two girls with six fingers and six toes;

there was one girl with six fingers and five toes on the right side, and five fingers and five toes on the other; the fourth, a boy, had five fingers and five toes.

The third son of Gratio Kelleia, Andre, it will be remembered, was perfectly well formed, and he had many children whose hands and feet were regularly developed.

Marie, the last, whose thumbs were deformed, married a man with five fingers and toes: they had four children;

the first, was born with six toes, but the other children were normal.

In this case of Gratio Kelleio and his children is seen the tendency to reproduce the parent stock and also to perpetuate the variation which so unaccountably appeared.

That tendency to perpetuate the variation was very strong, even though these persons with the six fingers and toes, or who only inherited the deformity in part, intermarried with persons ordinarily formed.

What would have been the result had the two eldest boys of Salvator taken it into their heads to marry their first cousins, the two first girls of George?

It will be remembered that these were all of the abnormal type of their grandfather.

Is it not most likely that had these people married and their descendants continued to intermarry with each other, that a new variety of men having six fingers and six toes would have been the result?

The second case I quote from Huxley gives us every reason to believe that such would have been the result:

In the year 1791 there was a farmer of the name of Seth Wright, in Massachusetts, who had a flock of sheep, consisting of a ram and some twelve or fifteen ewes.

Of the flock of ewes, one at the breeding-time bore a lamb which was singularly formed;

it had a very long body, very short legs, and those legs were bowed.

In the part of Massachusetts where Seth Wright lived, the fields were separated by fences, and his sheep, which were active and robust, would roam abroad, and without much difficulty would jump over the fences into other people's farms.

As a matter of

i8o MAN'S RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY.

course this gave rise to all sorts of quarrels, bickerings and contention among the farmers of the neighborhood;

so it occurred to Seth Wright, if he could obtain a breed of sheep with bandy legs like the one which had so strangely appeared in his flock, it would be to his advantage, as they would not be able to jump over the fences so readily.

He acted upon that idea.

He killed his old ram and as soon as the young one arrived at maturity he bred exclusively from that.

The result was that all the offspring were like the male parent or female parent, there was no mixing in the offspring the peculiarities of the parents, they were either pure Ancons or pure ordinary sheep.

In consequence of this the farmer in a very few years was able to get a considerabe flock of this short-legged variety of sheep and a large number of them were spread throughout Massachusetts.

Here is a case then where the tendency to perpetuate a variation culminated in the production of a new variety.

And, indeed, this is what is perpetually going on with our domesticated animals,—by what we may call selective breeding;

and it is going on, it is claimed by evolutionists, in a natural state, that is, where man's interference does not effect it;

in other words, variations are perpetuated by means of what Mr.

Darwin has called "natural selection."Suppose, for instance, that by one of those unaccountable freaks of nature a "spontaneous variation"is produced, as in the case of Seth Wright's sheep; and further suppose that the particular characteristic which distinguished it from the parent stock was favorable to its persistence, by that I mean that the particulars in which it varies from the parent stock may enable the animal, if it be a beast of prey, to secure its food more surely either by an increase of fleetness or stealth, by which it would the more surely run down, or steal upon its victims, and in either case be more sure of its food and hence more secure of existence than the stock from which it came;

and if the means of subsistence for these animals were limited, then the variety having the peculiarity of fleetness or stealth would be preserved and perpetuate the peculiarities imparted to it originally by "spontaneous variation,"while the original stock would perish.

Thus, as evolutionists would say, the fittest would survive in this struggle for existence; and thus the original variation would be preserved and perpetuated and a new variety brought into existence as effectually by this natural means of selection, as if man had superintended it for his own benefit.

That individuals in organic forms increase in a proportion greater than the provisional means of support is pretty well demonstrated; there is, therefore, a constant struggle for existence in nature, in which the strongest, those best fitted to live and improve their species, prevail.

Every variation, therefore, that is favorable to races of plants or animals is seized upon by this principle of natural selection and preserved.

Another way of preserving variations is by what our latter-day naturalists call "sexual selection.""Throughout nature,"say they, "the male is the wooer;

he it is who is armed for fight, and provided with musical organs and ornamental appendages, with which to charm the fair one.

The savage and the wild beast alike secure their mate over the mangled form of a vanquished rival.

In this manner the more highly favored of either sex are mated, and natural selections made by which better ever producing better, the species in its constant variation is constantly improved."

It is now time to pause and see what conclusions these facts have led our scientist to draw.

I have called attention to the striking resemblance between man and the superior animals;

in the development of the embryo, in the material of which they are composed, and in the use of organs they are alike;

and especially very much alike in physical structure, the skeleton of man only slightly varying from that of the higher orders of animals;

and that resemblance in something like gradation exists throughout the organic world.

Of course there are marked structural varia-

MAN'S RELATIONSHIP TO DE1T) tions even in closely allied species, but we have seen that there is a tendency in species to vary and also to preserve the variation; and where the peculiarity of the variation was favorable to the individual it is almost certain to be preserved by the process of natural selection.

New varieties thus produced may be expected to produce still other variations that will remove them further than ever from the stock from which their parents came, until the variation amounts to what our naturalists denominate specific differences.

By this process what we now call varieties may eventually become species, as our species, according to the evolutionists, were once nothing more than varieties;

and the groups which naturalists classify as genera, families, orders, classes, etc., are but the remains of still older species, which have continued their existence side by side with the new species, which have been produced from them by this process of variation;

and but for the fact that so many intermediate species have become extinct, they claim that the multifarious forms of organic life could be traced, through all the minute variations that have occurred, back to a common origin;

even back to the mysterious substance in which life seems to generate—protoplasm.

Such are the basic principles on which is grounded the theory of evolution, as I understand the subject from the works of its advocates, though my effort to be brief may have rendered my statement of those principles very imperfect.

One thing more should be stated in connection with this theory, and that is that very long periods of time are demanded for the slow work of variation preserved by natural selection to accomplish the wonders attributed to it.

To measure the time claimed by evolutionists by the elapse of years is simply out of the question; they ask for a long series of ages, each of which, though doubtless unequal, consists of millions of years.

As the Rev.

George B.

Cheever, remarks: "The first postulate of this philosophy is that of countless millions of years to work in, with no creator, and with no authority that can bring it to book."To prove that such long periods of time have elapsed, during which organic forms have existed on the earth, the evolutionist triumphantly points to the revelations of geology, and there gives proof which there is, perhaps, no denying, of the elapse of time he pleads for;

and also proof of the existence of organic forms of life in those various ages, fossilized remains of which are found in the strata of the earth's crust.

If you say to the advocate of evolution that it is incredible that variations preserved by natural selection could result in the production of such a wonderful organ as the eye; he replies "that if numerous gradations from a simple and imperfect eye to one complex and perfect can be shown to exist, each grade being useful to its possessor, as is certainly the case;

if further, the eye varies and the variations be inherited, as is likewise certainly the case; and if such variations should be useful to any animal under changing conditions of life; then the difficulty of believing that a perfect and complex eye could be formed by natural selection, though insuperable by our imagination, should not be considered as subversive of the theory."* But with this statement and some further observations upon it, Mr. Darwin himself seems not altogether satisfied that he has removed the difficulty which he admits is enough to stagger anyone;

"I have felt the difficulty,"he says, "far too keenly to be surprised at others hesitating to extend the principle of natural selection to so startling a length. "f If you say that it is incredible that natural selection can account for the production of such a wonderful thing as the mind of man—his "reasonable soul;"the reply is that instinct varies among the inferior animals no less than physical structure, and though there may be no perceivable proportion or gradation between structural variation and variation of instinct;

still, if the fact Origin of Species p. 143, (American Edition 1883.) flbtd p. 146.

MAN'S RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY.

is admitted that among animals instinct varies then it is easy to conceive that some of those variations may be favorable, and if favorable then natural selection would perpetuate them and make them dominant.

From this basis they make another step:

the difference between the mental faculties of man and animals is immense, but the high culture which belongs to man, evolutionists maintain, has been slowly developed, and the separation between the mental powers of man and the highest ape is no greater than that which exists between the lowest ape and some of the lower forms of life, say the Zoophytes.

If you say that articulate language surely marks a wide gulf between man and the lower animals, the reply is that animals are not devoid of expedients for expressing emotions, and from those expedients may have been evolved through intermediate species, now extinct, articulate language.

If you ask why, if species have descended from other species by fine gradations, do we not everywhere see innumerable transitional forms?

Why is not all nature in confusion, instead of the species being, as we see them, well denned? The answer is that the intermediate species have become extinct, that we must look upon each existing species as having descended from some unknown forms; that natural selection acts slowly by preserving profitable modifications.

"Each new form will tend in a fully stocked country to take the place of, and finally exterminate, its own less improved parent-form, and other less favored forms with which it comes in competition; thus both parent and all transitional varieties will generally have been exterminated by the very process of the formation and perfection of the new."* If you object further, and call attention to the fact that in the great geological record, of which evolutionists boast so much, that not even in that can be found the intermediate transitional forms that should, according to their theory, link -Origin of Species, p. 134.

together by fine gradations the species*—this objection, otherwise fatal to the theory of evolution.is avoided rather than answered by putting forth the claim that the geological record is very imperfect, and comparatively only a few of its pages have, as yet, been read by man.

After thus escaping from the difficulty of there being no intermediate transitional forms between the species, we come to other facts not less important, and even, perhaps, more fatal to the hypothesis of evolution—I refer to the phenomena presented by "hybrids,"and in order that I may not be charged with over-estimating the value of the objection founded on this class of phenomena, I shall quote the words of Professor Huxley, one of the chief apostles of evolution, and give his estimate of the weight of the objections:

"There is a most singular circumstance,"says the professor, "in respect to natural species—at least about some of them—and it would be sufficient for the purposes of this argument, if it were true of only one of them; but there is, in fact, a great number of such cases—and that is, that similar as they may appear to be to mere races or breeds, they present a marked peculiarity in the reproductive process.

If you breed from the male and female of the same race, you of course have offspring of the like kind;

and if you make the offspring breed together, you obtain the same result; and if you breed from these again, you will still have the same kind of offspring; there is no check.

But if you take members of two distinct species, however similar they may be to each other, and make them breed together, you will find a check, with some modifications and exceptions—

if you cross two such species with each other, then,—although you may get offspring in the case of the first cross, yet if you attempt to breed from the *"Geology assuredly does not reveal any such finely graduated organic chain;

and this, perhaps, is the most obvious and serious objection which can be urged against the theory [of evolution.] The explanation lies, as I believe, in the extreme imperfection of the geological record.

Darwin, Origin of Species p. 205.

MAN'S RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY.

products of that crossing, which are what are called hybrids*—that is, if you couple a male and a female hybrid—then the result is that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred you will get no offspring at all;

there will be no result whatsoever.

Thus you see that there is a great difference between 'mongrels,'which are crosses between distinct races [varieties], and 'hybrids,'which are crosses between distinct species.

The mongrels are, so far as we know, fertile with one another.

But between species, in many cases, you cannot succeed in obtaining even the first cross;

at any rate it is quite certain that the hybrids are often absolutely infertile one with another.

Here is a feature, then, great or small as it may be, which distinguishes natural species of animals, "f

Now, by the side of these facts, the sterility of species and hybrids, let us place another;

that of the fertility of varieties.

So long as you breed together descendants from a common stock they continue fruitful to each other, without any check.

Now, if naturalists cannot produce by selective breeding varieties from a common parentage that are infertile to each other, then it is quite clear that species did not come from varieties by the process of variation preserved by natural selection, since here is a phenomenon existing in connection with species which cannot, to all appearances, be produced by breeding together varieties.

Mr. Huxley remarks on this, that if it could be proven not only that this has not been done, but that it cannot be done, then Mr.

Darwin's hypothesis would be utterly shattered. J Well, up to the present it has not been done, the gentleman last quoted admits the fact;

he asks, "what is really the state of the case?

It is simply that, so far as we have 'gone yet with our breeding, we have not produced from a common stock two breeds, which are not more or less fertile with one another. "$ *The product of the horse and the ass—the mule—is an example, fHuxley's Lectures, p.

106, 107.

JHuxley's Lectures, p. 141.

(JLectures, p. 141.

What do these facts prove, I mean the sterility of species and hybrids on'the one hand, and the fertility of varieties, descendants from a common stock, on the other?'Why that the great law of nature is, as announced in holy writ, that every seed shall produce after its kind, and every fish, fowl, creepingthing, beast, and man shall bring forth after his kind*—that is what it proves.

And though man may for a moment by crossing species cause a slight deviation from that great law, it can be but for an instant, the monstrosity cannot be perpetuated, it dies out by being made unfruitful.

How do these facts affect the theory of evolution?

Let us remember upon what that theory rests.

It rests upon the principle that lower forms producing favorable variations and these being preserved by the process of natural selection amount finally to the production of distinct species;

but we have seen that varieties cannot produce what may be called the great characteristic of species—infertility to each other;

then also we have seen there is a check to variation in the sterility of species and hybrids.

Add these facts to that other fact that neither in nations nor in the geological records can be found the intermediate transitional forms linking together by fine gradations the species, and the theory of evolution lies stranded upon the shore of idle speculation.

B. H. Roberts.

A book is good company.

It is full of conversation without loquacity.

It comes to our longing with full instruction, but pursues us never.

It is not offended at our absent-mindedness, nor jealous if we turn to other pleasures.

It silently serves the soul without recompense nor even for the hire of love.

And, yet more noble, it seems to pass from itself and enter the memory, and to hover in a silvery transformation there, until the outward book is but a body and its soul and spirit are flown to you, and possess your memory like a spirit.

Beecher.

*Genesis, first chapter.

THE

HINDOOS.

The Hindoos are our nearest of kin.

Descended from a common parent stock, divided into petty clans, under chiefs rather than kings, they dwelt in the high lands of Bactria, and spoke a number of cognate dialects, derived from some more ancient tongue which was even at that remote period quite extinct.

They called themselves Aryans, or Nobles, their country Aryanem Naejo, Excellent

Land, and their mountains Aryaratha, Excellent Gifts.

In their Sacred Books some of their native mountains are mentioned; and the

Arminians, whose local traditions are curiously interwoven with Scripture history, and who trace their descent back to Japhet, took with them, on their earliest emigration from the cradle of their race, that name of Aryaratha and bestowed it afresh on the country where they settled; whence the name Ararat now Mt.

Masius—and here, curiously enough, we find that the Scripture statement of an Ararat east of the land of Shinar coincides exactly with the oldest traditions of the Aryan peoples.

The mountain-regions of Little Bokhara and Western Thibet seem to have been the spot whence came out our primitive ancestors.

The largest rivers of Asia, the Indus, the Oxus, and the Jaxartes, take their rise in this region, and—what is more—all the ancient nations preserved the remembrance of this region as a garden.

Now we know that the Gihon, of the Bible, still called Djihon, is the ancient Oxus;

that the Scripture Pison is the Upper Indus, and that the land of Havilla, rich in gold and precious stones, is the country of Darada near Cashmere, so celebrated for its riches and 4beauty.

If we turn from the identification of place to that of language we find that many of our household words are closely connected in sound and in structure with the Persian and Hindoostanee tongues.

The words for the Deity, the sun, moon, and stars, father, mother, brother, sister, the names of many of our domestic animals, are almost identical in sound and meaning:.

For example, the words daughter and spinster, come from two Sanskrit words, duhiter, to draw milk, and spanthri, to spin, and they preserve the memory of a time when the daughters of the Aryan family employed themselves as milk-maids, and in spinning and weaving garments for the household.

It is impossible to discover, with certainty, when the first great separation in the Aryan family took place.

All we know is, that the sacred books of both the Hindoos and Persians mention a great religious war, in which the worshipers of Fire as the highest symbol of the Deity were victorious, and the worshipers of Stone Images were overthrown.

This religious, war seems to have broken up the harmony in which the Aryans must have lived for centuries.

Emigration from their native mountains flowed in all directions.

Colonies moved east, west, and northwest; settled the different parts of Europe, founded states and empires, and developed nations now known as Greeks,

Italians, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Germans, Russians, Circassians, Arminians, English, and Americans.

The victorious Fire worshipers took possession of all the land called Aryanem Vaejo, easily corrupted into

Iran.

They elaborated the worship of Fire, and developed the Persian language, which, owing to the fact that the kings of Iran held their court in the province of Parsistan came to be called the Parsic or Persic language, and the nation was known as the Persians.

The defeated, idol-adoring Aryans, on the other hand, moved southward, settled all along the Indus and the Ganges, partly drove out and partly subdued the aboriginal tribes of Hindostan, founded cities, aud also castes, established the x Brahmanic religion, and perfected the Sanskrit language, calling it SanskritiaUkta, the

Polished Speech, in order to distinguish it from the barbarous dialects spoken by the rude peoples among whom they had settled.

And now, although thousands of years have intervened since the first great

THE HINDOOS.

'85 separation, although each of the great nations before mentioned have developed peculiar customs, manners, religions, languages, and literatures, still the traveler in the north of India is again and again taken by surprise at finding so many characteristics common alike to the Asiatic and himself.

The Afghans, for instance, often have complexions of Saxon fairness, rich brown hair and blue or grayish blue eyes;

lofty in stature, and dignified and lofty in manners. The women are remarkably good-looking;

and they wear the same dress as the Persian and Circassian women.

They seem to have enjoyed the same freedom as the men up to the time of the Arabian conquest of

India, when they were forced, at the point of the sword, to adopt the religion, as well as many of the customs of their Mohammedan conquerors.

The Afghan women now conceal their persons under veils, and seclude themselves from the society of men.

It is a curious fact that the Arabian word haram, a place for the seclusion of women, was then first introduced into Hindostanee language—and that the condition it represented had had before no place among the Hindoos.

The Afghans dress with much grace a long cashmere coat bound at the waist with a fine camel's hair scarf, in which are thrust powder-horns, pouches, pistols, and daggers; the turban is a handsome shawl bound artistically round the head and adorned with jewels, while the better classes wear colored woolen socks and high pointed shoes.

Their arms consist of match-locks, sword, lance, spears, daggers, and round bossed shields magnificently embellished.

They are the most independent and warlike of our Asiatic cousins.

Afghan boys are trained to war at an early age.

In the English and Afghan war in 1842,

Colin Mackenzie related that he saw Afghan boys of ten and twelve years of age taking an active part in the massacre of the little children of the British troops.

They have sporting instincts quite in common with the English.

They delight in fighting, boxing, horse-racing, *5* and gambling.

The nobles all keep hunting horses and hounds;

hunting hawking, deer-stalking, and unerring marksmanship are their aristocratic sports.

Hospitality is one of their most sacred of duties.

An Afghan is bound by custom to grant to a stranger who crosses his threshold, and claims his protection, any favor he may ask, even at the risk of his own life.

But, unlike the English, they are fierce, cruel, revengeful, and extremely superstitious.

They never forgive.

An insult is treasured up and retaliated on the offender years after.

Their blood-feuds are handed down from father to son.

Duels are daily fought on the slighest provocation.

The Mosaic law, "eye for eye and tooth for tooth,"is rigidly exacted.

In their superstitious dread of "the evil eye,"they cover themselves, their children, cattle, and even their gardentrees with charms and talismans; and, though nominally Mohammedans and worshipers of one God, they have no end of miracle-working shrines of the pious dead, to which offerings and pilgrimages are unceasingly made.

The winters in Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan, are extremely cold; snow lies on the ground for months, and the pastimes of the people during the long winter evenings around their hearthfires, as well as out of doors, are not unlike those of Northern Europe and Canada.

They are very fond of dancing.

Their national dance is called alton, and is very graceful at first.

Four dancers move slowly round to a measured and melancholy air; as the music quickens they begin to keep time, springing, leaping, and throwing their arms about until at length the music and the dance become so rapid in movement that the performers resemble a set of maniacs.

The most daring of the Afghan sports, however, is that of hunting wild beasts.

An Afghan youth will enter the den of a wild beast, single handed, muzzle and drag it forth, at the peril of his life, for a few hours'sport before dispatching it.

Next in interest to the Afghans are the Rajpoots, or King's Sons.

They are of the Khsahtrya or warrior caste of the

1 86 THE HINDOOS.

Hindoos;

generally of great stature, regular features, light brown complexion, and sometimes gray, or even blue eyes.

The sun is their chief deity, and its symbol—a youth of ideal beauty, with a halo round the head—is drawn on all their state papers with the words Sriburiani Shakh, witnessed by the holy sun.

The Rajpoot nobles call themselves Thakoors or freebooters.

Until recently they were the scourge of the country, living by plunder and murder.

They will have no intercourse with the

Vaisyas, or agricultural, or with the Sudras, or laboring castes of the Hindoos. They support with free grants of land several clans of Hindoos, called Rajgurees, or kings'instructors, Chareps, or genealogists, and the Bhalts or bards; the one to chronicle their births, deaths, and marriages, and the other to celebrate in verse their exploits in love and war;

customs certainly European in their affinities.

The Rajguree practices the arts of medicine and necromancy.

The credulous people regard him as a priest, physician, and miracle-worker all in one.

If a woman wishes to charm her husband to be good to her;

if a man desires to avenge a wrong, or to fathom the secrets of the future, the Rajguree is consulted.

He is supposed to be able to cure diseases; to protect from the consequences of crime, and even to re-animate the dead.

His knowledge of drugs and poisons is really great.

Every bush and tree furnish means by which he works his charms and potents.

There is something indescribably sinister in the appearance of the Rajguree, as after he has smeared his face with various red and yellow marks, he issues forth from the temple; carries a staff or wand, painted red, with serpent forms wreathed round it, and the rude likeness of a human face delineated on the handle; lizards'bones, tigers'teeth, serpents'fangs, ashes of the dead, and other strange objects hang in a bag at his side; he has also his cabalistic manuscripts full of queer characters, crude figures, and roughly traced diagrams, which he consults in the exercise of his magic art.

Jeypur, the capital of Rajpootana is, nevertheless, one of the finest cities in Hindostan.

It stands on a high plain, surrounded by picturesque hills crowned by many a fortress;

the one called Naharagarh, or Tiger's den, is almost inaccessible on the southern side of the city. The streets of Jeypur are spacious;

many of them well-paved, and lighted and adorned with mosques, alms-houses,

Sanskrit colleges, palaces, temples, and hospitals, all remarkable for architectural beauty.

One of its most interesting antiquities is an observatory founded by Jay Singh, a Rajpoot king and famous astronomer.

The Rajpoot temple to the sun-god, stands on the top of a hill near Jeypur;

a spring of pure water issues from beneath its western portico and dashes over a rock into the valley some ninety feet below.

This fountain of the sun-god is consecrated to the baptismal, funeral, and marriage services of the Rajpoots.

The most fearful practice of the Raj poots, however, is their systematic murder of their female children.

If the newborn child is a daughter, the nurse places opium on the mother's breast and the babe is put to sleep forever.

This fearful custom was first resorted to by the Rajpoots upon the Mohammedan conquest of India.

Deprived of their vast possessions, the Rajpoot chiefs agreed to put their female children to death, rather than give them in marriage to their hateful Moslem conquerors; or to bestow them dowerless on one of their caste.

Hundreds of thousands of Rajpoot baby daughters were sacrificed in this manner, and for centuries the practice was universal among them; and as no females were reared among them, the Rajpoots generally sought and obtained in marriage the most beautiful women of Hindostan.

It is one of the glorious trophies of British rule in India that this practice has been checked in some parts, and abolished in others.

The grand reform is due to the courage and efforts of two Englishmen, Mr. Willoughby, and Col. Alexander Walker.

ALONG

1 HE FIRTH OF FORTH.

And when Colonel Walker was about to leave Baroda, the chief city of the Rajpoots in Guzerat, he received one of the most affecting tributes of gratitude possible to conceive.

The Maharajah had invited him to a farewell banquet.

On his way to the place, he was met by a procession of young girls—princesses, daughters of nobles, and all classes of Rajpoots dressed in brilliant garments adorned with flowers, and headed by the seven daughters of the Maharajah himself, all of whom owed him their lives. A shout «-'of joy hailed the approach of Colonel Walker their friend and savior;

the girls then folded their hands, bowed their heads, and did reverence to the good man;

while the princesses with tears streaming down their cheeks came and kissed the hem of his coat.

The procession then moved slowly forward, the girls scattering, as they went, flowers along his path.

Once more they paused at the palace door, and with upturned faces sang an exquisite hymn in which they invoked blessings on their real father's head.

Selected.

ALONG THE FIRTH OF FORTH.

Since Edinburgh and Leith have practically grown to be one city, though they are still ruled by distinct municipal governments, it may be said that Edinburgh is skirted on the north by the Firth of Forth.

The Firth of Forth is really an arm of the German Ocean, and the east winds, which are so cold and so much dreaded in the Modern Athens, are no doubt borne on this great expanse of water and come blowing over the university city of Scotland, cooling the hot blood of some, and bringing the cold shivers to many who are not so warm.

Naturally, there is much that is wild and rugged along this shore, as there is much that is lovely and romantic.

On the opposite side of this narrow strip of water are to be seen the Fife hills and part of the country that surrounds Dumfrieshire, a small but ancient place that has played in its day an important part in the history of the country to which it belongs.

These are the estates of Lord Roseberry, who a few years ago, was believed to be the only statesman in the Liberal party, fitted to take the place of Gladstone, when that great man shall have passed away—for it is pretty safe to assume that his active life will only close with the cessation of life altogether.

These estates begin a couple of miles west of Leith.

As years have passed, the waters have encroached upon the grounds, and save where held back by walls, have washed them away and made a long and broad bay, very shallow, and which leaves a wide and barren stretch of sand when the tide is out.

I have walked along its length many a quiet summer's evening and watched the changing colors 0/ the sky as the sun sank and as the daylight passed gradually and insensibly into night.

Save for an occasional pair of lovers strolling in the quiet, or sitting in some secluded spot, or for another, lonely like myself, there are few to disturb its solitude.

The place is as though deserted, and the unkempt hedges, and the interweaving arms of the trees, give it an appearance lonesome enough.

The walk is not without its romantic features.

On the way are the remains of an old quarry, flooded over, on which a little boat rides, with a narrow strip of water to connect it with the ocean when the tide is in.

How deep the workings are, my companion could not tell, but that the stone had been taken from a very great depth, there can be no doubt.

It is related that years ago, beyond the memory of the oldest inhabitant, when this quarry was being worked and colossal engines were used, and the people lived in the quarry and the men were at work, a tremendous storm raged on land and sea, the ocean arose beyond its bounds like a strong man rising from the ground, and filled the workings

1 88 ALONG THE FIRTH OF FORTH.

of the old quarry and not a man was saved.

It is said that on a quiet day part of the submerged engines can be seen.

The place is now used as a harbor for a small fishing boat.

The home of a fisherman now lifts its modest head on the site of the disaster, seemingly unconscious or unmindful of the destruction worked by the sea at a former time, and unalarmed at the prospect of a repetition of the freak.

There is also an old house that stands behind iron gates and a high wall.

The house is of mammoth proportions and has at some time been the abode of one rich, or great in influence, or both.

It is rapidly going to decay, and the bleak and cheerless outside is in strange contrast with the living green and the chirping of the birds and the blossoming of wild flowers that surround it.

The story goes that it is closed because of the perpetration of some terrible deed there.

The tale seems natural enough after one has gazed at the deserted home for a time and allowed the sense of desolation and mystery by which it is clothed to sink in upon his heart.

To the right, as one still turns his face from Edinburgh, through the occasional breaks in the trees, there appear the green of trees, or brown of harvested fields, or the bare ground, or earth whitened with snow, or so bespotted with daisies that they seem as snow,—as the season of the year may mark its changes on the dear old earth.

And as one turns his face to return, there are occasional glimpses of the grand old city, rising with the rising earth as it recedes from the shore of the Firth.

Over the water, the Fife hills are, from this point, not more than five or six miles distant, and the smoke of Burnt Island (why so called

I am unable to tell) rises at all hours, saying, "Here is life,"though we may not at this distance be able to distinguish other evidences of it.

Still further toward the open sea, and in the same direction as Edinburgh, is the little village of Aberdour.

It always sounded like a Welsh name to me, and I do not remember to have heard any other like it in the country, although this certainly is no evidence whatever that it is not thoroughly Scotch.

Running from the Leith pier, two or three times daily, during the summer, are boats that ply between this city and the pretty little village of Aberdour.

It is a very romantic spot, and one in which I have felt I could dwell forever in peace, because of a certain inscription

I once saw posted on a wall in the village.

The inscription stood out upon the wall in large, black, bold letters, and the thought did occur to me that all who entered there had come as near reaching heavenly confines as it is given to mortals in a healthy state to enjoy this side of the great hereafter.

It read:

"No Bills!"The happy illusion was soon dispelled, however, when my companion quietly told me that it was an abbreviation, the full purport of which was that persons were warned not to post any bills on the wall.

It was a sad awakening.

Aberdour is a spot where the less wealthy resort from Edinburgh during the summer to live as their means will permit—for months, or to slip across for a day.

It is half an hour's sail from Edinburgh, and is as old fashioned as though it were a thousand miles away from any place which boasted life and activity.

It is on the estate of the Earl of Moray, familiarly known as Donibristle. This is a name which all Scotchmen and people from the north of Ireland who have bought coal will well remember.

The estate of the Earl of Moray skirts the Firth of Forth on the one side as that of Lord Roseberry does on the other, but there is, by reason of the Firth, a pretty substantial division.

In places the bluffs rise high and precipitous above the water on the Aberdour side, so much so that people are sometimes killed by unwisely going too near the edge and falling hundreds of feet into the ocean or upon the rocks below;

and the little boats that dance upon the waters in the sunshine seem like mere specks.

Yet these bluffs on either side gradually decline to the very level of the water in other places, and mark the boundaries between some of the most

ALONG THE FIRTH OF FORTH.

delightful little bays and retreats that the eye could wish to dwell upon.

It was a spot to which my friend and I often turned our faces.

And we never sailed toward it that our hearts did not lighten as we neared the little pier for which we were making, and we never turned to leave that there was not a feeling of regret and a desire still to linger in its quiet bays, to wander over its grassy knolls or stroll through the hedgegrown lanes and sweet bye paths that thronged about it everywhere.

The little village of Aberdour is inland perhaps half a mile from the shore, certainly not more.

The distance from the shore is lined with homes of persons of the better class, or residences that are rented during the summer time to the first person to pay the rent asked. But the narrow streets are very clean, and the home comforts of this country, and of all the British Isles, which appear in flowers and in ornamental shrubs, and evergreens and climbers, (and which are in such striking contrast with the custom of Americans of the same relative, social and pecuniary positions) are here also, and take the eye captive from the first, never to release it until one has passed beyond the charming precincts.

The primitive village is to-day, doubtless, just as it has been for a hundred years back.

A long row of houses closely built together, two stories in height, and yet the roof so low one can almost touch it from the ground.

The one place of striking importance, or that which is in marked distinction from the rest in the village, is the public house.

As in this country, it is to be seen, fixed up to catch the eye, which usually is very wide awake to discover it.

The red tiles are the great and distinguishing feature of the Scotch village.

In Ireland it is the thatched roof, and in the greater part of England, the slate, but the approach to a Scotch village is nearly always made known by the red tiles of the roofs that may be seen for miles, if one is in the right position.

There was a quiet little spot where my friend and I used to go and bathe, when we had an extra sixpence, and how rare the occasion was, to be sure!

We would engage one of the small row boats that were for hire;

and, pulling for some distance around the shore, run up on the sands of a little bay with never a house nor soul in sight, and then bathe and swim to our hearts content.

When I say never a house nor soul in sight, I do so with a mental reservation.

One day while freely disporting ourselves, we heard, or seemed to hear, the thick bushes that hemmed in the little sand bottomed bay, rustle. We made for our clothes and listened, but could hear nothing further.

Not satisfied, however, we made a closer inspection; and there through the thick hedge, and still further, through some tall trees, and half hidden in shadow and half lightened in sunlight, and surrounded by such a sweet and trim and well-kept a bit of flower garden, was as white and clean and cozy and inviting a cottage as you could find in all a day's ride, and then you would be more likely to fail than to match it.

Whether it was a stray chicken or a stray human being we could not tell, but it had the effect of inspiring us with a little more reserve, than we had displayed before the occurrence.

The drive through the Moray estate, which we one day took, in a frenzy of extravagance, and in company with a wanderer from Utah, by the name of R. S.

Campbell, was a thing of beauty and a joy forever.

For several miles the drive skirts the shore of the Firth, and revels in a succession of scenes of such beauty as, it seems to me now, only these three kingdoms can possess.

It was not grand.

It was a holy beauty, of which we never tired, because it was ever changing.

We passed a little island, perhaps a mile out from the shore, which some peculiar genius was said to have rented to keep his family on.

Alone he and his, with their help, lived there, secluded from the rest of mankind.

They saw no one and sought no visitors, though the curious were in the habit of sailing about the spot and seeing all they could from the water.

It also had a monastery which had a history

OZOKERITE.

of violence, that I have forgotten.

But I never think of it now, as I never thought of it then, that the little island and the home of the fair Ellen, in Scott's Lay of the Last Minstrel, does not occur to my mind.

It is said the poor man who inhabited the lonely spot, did so because his wife, who was a beautiful woman, and whom he loved dearly, was afflicted with an incurable appetite for liquor.

He lived there that he might have some peace by putting it out of her power to satisfy a craving that she loathed, yet could not overcome.

There is an old castle on the estate;

also, a ruin.

It is surrounded by a lovely garden, that weaves itself into a maze as it runs back from the shore, and which is terraced as it slopes to the water.

This castle has been burned to the ground three times, and the Earl of

Moray concluded that the place was illfated and it has been abandoned.

The stables are still maintained, and there are those who live in them and keep the grounds and flower embordered walks in perfect order.

There is about this castle, a story that it was ill-fated; but I have heard so many, that one small head is unequal to the task of carrying the entire lot, and so this one with others, has managed to escape.

There is not a bit of this ground that I do not love to walk over again, in my memory; and while it may be of very little interest to those who may read this (and I am free to confess that it must be dull to them), it is very interesting to me; and I have no further excuse to offer.

Robert W. Sloan.

OZOKERITE.

A prospector among the mountains of

Utah four years ago found in one of the numerous bar-rooms of a little mining town a small conical object of dark color, which the proprietor of the dramshop used as a paper-weight.

It looked like a piece of gutta-percha, yielded slightly to the pressure of the thumb nail, and possessed a mild resinous flavor and smell.

From its shape it had evidently been moulded in a beer glass.

"What is it?"asked the visitor, after examining it curiously.

"Chewinggum,"sententiously replied the bar-tender;

lots of it back here in the hills."The prospector had "struck pay dirt"when he little expected it, for the "chewing-gum"was no less important a substance than ozokerite, or mineral wax, commercially known as ceresin, and up to that time popularly believed to exist only in the Austrian province of

Galicia.

Attention was first drawn to the mineral in this country about the year 1879, when Mr. Jacob Wallace, of New York city, an importer of Austrian products, received a consignment of it and introduced it to the trade, where it soon proved to be most valuable in the adulteration of beeswax and the manufacture of many articles into which beeswax largely enters.

Mr.

Wallace, a man with the inherited tastes of a naturalist, was himself so strongly impressed with the properties of the comparatively new product that he determined to search for ozokerite deposits in this country.

His first work was done among the mineralogical records contained in New

York libraries, and was almost barren of result.

A slight trace was found, however, in the tenth census report, which gave a brief and fragmentary description of a mineral substance that Mr.

Wallace believed to be identical with the one he was looking for.

The hunt was then transferred to the mountains of Utah, where, after varied experiences among Mormons, Gentiles, and aborigines, Mr. Wallace ran down his game in the manner already described.

The owner of the paper-weight was easily persuaded to conduct the prospector to the "chewing-gum"deposits, although his contempt for a "tenderfoot"who would pass by minerals of established value to look for "chewing-

OZOKERITE.

gum"was apparent.

Mr. Wallace found the mineral cropping out on the mountainsides, apparently forced from its hiding-places by the immense weight upon it, and tests of the various specimens gathered on the surface and by sinking shafts showed that it was undoubtedly ozokerite in its purest natural form.

Mr.

Wallace at once had the region thoroughly explored and surveyed, and under the mineral and desert land acts pre-empted about eight square miles of territory, on the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, 114 miles east of Salt Lake City.

The White River runs through the property, and the principal ozokerite deposits are found in the Wasatch and Uintah mountains.

The inhabitants of the sparsely settled region chewed the wax, the masticatory satisfaction derived beirjg much the same as that obtained by working over a piece of spruce gum, while the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad engineers, having learned its brightening properties, polished their locomotives with it till they shone like burnished steel and brass, but to these two uses was the American mineral confined.

While the Utah explorations were proceeding Mr.

Richard J.

Kroupa, a chemist of recognized reputation, was despatched to Europe to learn everything he could about the mining, refining, and practical uses of ozokerite.

This task was not an easy one, the secrecy preserved in the ozokerite districts being so great that it is difficult for the Austrian government even to make surveys and secure reports.

By spending seven or eight months in Galicia, and by the aid of friends and the use of ingenious disguises, Mr. Kroupa accomplished his object.

Sometimes as a mining engineer or electrician, and again as a tourist, mineralogist, or geological student, he worked in the mines and refineries, visited manufacturers and consumers, hob nobbed with the makers of refining machinery, and gained access to the patent offices, gradually but surely extracting and assimilating the information he sought.

He discovered that the main deposits of ozokerite are in the mining region of the Carpathian range, where petroleum, rock-salt, potassium chlorides, sulphur, and brown coal are also found.

Boryslaw, a place of 12,000 inhabitants, is the principal one of half a dozen mining towns that are almost entirely supported by the industry.

Here the salt clay or wax bearing formation is found at a depth of from twenty to seventy feet, under layers of peat, clay and sand, in close proximity to rock-salt deposits and slate, rich in fossils, all being impregnated with oil.

At Truskawiec, not far away, there are surface veins of ozokerite, and the ground'is honeycombed with shafts and^wells.

A black oil, which is used for axle-grease and all kinds of lubricants, also abounds.

This oil filtrates through the earth crevices, and by pressure, heat, and general decomposition forms the wax.

The mining is in some cases by windlasses and buckets, manual labor according to most primitive methods being employed, while in others perfected machinery is used.

Blasting is so dangerous that it is rarely permitted, disastrous explosions which freed large volumes of gas under tremendous pressure, and filled shafts and levels so rapidly that the escape of miners was impossible, having made this prohibition necessary.

Another danger to which the underground workers are exposed is the bursting ^.through into a well of some hidden deposits of semi-liquid wax.

In one instance a shaft was filled in a single night by such a flood, which destroyed several lives, but yielded to the owner of the mine 30,000 florins'worth of ozokerite.

The gases which are continually escaping make the work of the miners most unhealthful, and they are able to remain underground but four hours at a time.

The shafts in the Galician ozokerite mines have been sunk in places to a depth of Soo feet, with paying results.

It is not strange that with all the dangers and difficulties surrounding the production of ozokerite there should be a desire to perpetuate what has hitherto been an undisputed monopoly, for the

OZOKERITE.

industry is most profitable.

The total value of the mineral taken out at Boryslaw alone since is 300,000,000 florins (about $120,000,000) the present product being in the vicinity of 300 tons a week.

The refineries are found in London, V, Glasgow, Vienna, Frankforton-Main, Buda-Pesth, and a few other places in Russian Poland, Poland, France, Germany, and Belgium.

At the seaboard crude ozokerite is worth about $130 per ton, and the grade known as Hoch Prima brings £3° per ton delivered in London.

In that city the import is practically absorbed by John Field & Sons, the large firm of candlemakers, who supply the British navy with all its candles.

Having finished his researches abroad,

Mr. Kroupa returned to this country to apply his knowledge.

The ozokerite of Utah he pronounced to be identical with that of Galicia, but generally of a better grade, while the deposits are far more extensive. Subjected so a great pressure under the ponderous weight of the rugged Western mountains, and surrounded by absorbent clays, foreign substances have been detached and eliminated from the American wax, leaving much of it almost pure.

The mineral runs in veins, some of those thus far discovered being from nine to twelve inches in width.

From one of these deposits a block weighing 3500 pounds has been taken out, and the mining promises to be comparatively easy, either by tunnels or by sinking shafts.

The crude ozokerite varies in color from a light yellow to brown or black, and when refined becomes as yellow as beeswax or white as paraffine.

A company with $1,250,000 capital stock has been formed by Mr.

Wallace and his associates, and the development of what promises to be a most important industry is being pushed.

It is impossible at present to enumerate all the uses to which ozokerite may be put, as American ingenuity is finding in it a most profitable field for experiment.

As the rival of besswax, it has already reduced the price of that product from forty to twenty-five cents a pound, and this reduction will be increased as the cost ot ozokerite decreases.

But ceresin possesses many valuable qualities not found in other wax.

Its melting point is high—from to Fahrenheit;

it is plastic without being soft, and hard without brittleness, it is decolorized without destructive distillation, alkalis and the strongest acids make no impression on it, and when refined it is odorless and tasteless.

Electric wires are perfectly insulated by it, as leading electric companies have discovered to their advantage.

It is valuable for all kinds of water-proofing, and papers waxed with it are being largely used in wrapping soaps, steels, books, and all kinds of articles that require protection from moisture.

Boxes, tubs, barrels, and kegs lined with it are perfectly tight, and impart no unpleasant flavor to the contents, even if they are the most delicate mineral waters.

The ozokerite permeates the pores of the wood instead of merely giving it a surface coating.

Ozokerite is also used in lining iron tanks in which powerful acids are to be mixed.

It is estimated that threefourths of the candles used in the churches of this and other countries are made of ozokerite or beeswax strongly adulterated with it.

The illuminating power of such candles is stronger than that of others, while they drip but little, and never lop over when subjected to ordinary atmospheric heat.

All wax figures and wax dolls are made of ozokerite, which also enters largely into the manufacture of imitation alabaster statuettes, and the elaborate decorations which sometimes adorn wedding cakes and other confections.

Among other uses to which it is put are the making of liniments, salves, and plasters, sealingwax, wax matches, life-preservers, bootblacking, varnishes, shoemakers'wax, and all kinds of lubricants.

Harper's Weekly.

Wealthy Humorists.—A floating newspaper paragraph mentions Mark Twain as the richest of American humorists.

This question of richness was discussed by Mr. Howells in Harper's re-

CONSOL4 TION.

cently, and Joel Chan, Her Harris, of the Atlanta Constitution, was set down as the wealthiest humorist in the country.

The wealth of American humorists is quoted as follows:

Joel Chandler Harris.

$2, 000,000 Mark Twain, 1,200,000 Eli Perkins, 150,000 George W. Peck, 150,000 Edgar William Nye, 100,000 Charles B. Lewis, 100,000 E. P. Bailey (Danbury News) 75,000 Robert J. Burdette, 30,000 The rest of the humorous writers, with, perhaps, two or three exceptions, have to struggle along on salaries.

Of the verse writers, James Whitcomb Riley, is said to make the most money each year, but he saves very little.

His income from his pen work and lectures is estimated at $20,000.

Colonel John A.

Cockerill, of the New York World, is the biggest salaried managing editor in the country, but Mr. Joseph P.

McCullagh, of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, is the richest.

He who can, at all times, sacrifice pleasure to duty, approaches sublimity.

—Lavater.

CONSOLATION.

I lifted the curtains of morning, And I opened the windows of day, Peering through dim shadows of dawning,

That darkened the heavenly way;

I longed and I watched, for some token, To heal a poor heart, that was broken.

I felt that some angel of pity,

Might have paused at the gateway of light,

Ere she entered the beautiful city,

Where there is no sorrow nor night,

And standing where sunlight was streaming,

On the threshold in vision half- dreaming,

In her beauty and loveliness glowing,

With the goal of her hopes just in sight,

Her white robes all gracefully flowing,

And dazzled with splendor so bright

Gaze backward, beholding our grief,

Filled with yearning to give us relief.

Remembering the clouds and the darkness,

That had shrouded our earth-life below,

The tears and the trials, and sadness,

That mortal probation must know,

Retrospection would surely awaken

Regrets for the loved ones forsaken.

All at once in the midst of my weeping,

In my sobbing and anguish alone,

While the loneliest watch I was keeping, A rainbow around me was thrown;

And I felt as tho'nearing the portal

Where dwelleth the beings immortal.

I listened, half-conscious of something,

A presence that beamed on my sight, And I wondered if angels were noting The rapturous joy and delight,

That gladdened the face of the woman

As she wafted a sigh for the human.

I pondered in fond expectation,

Of a message from regions above, And I bowed in intense supplication,

In humility, meekness and love;

But I heard only sighing and sobbing,

Tho'the great pulse of nature was throbbing.

I knew, by an inward suggestion,

That a presence of angels was near,

And a feeling no language could question,

Thrilled thro'me and banished all fear, As I thought of a promise once given,

When we spoke of our parting and heaven.

The mist on the mountain was fading,

And the vision, so sweet, fled away,

And with it, the soft, sombre shading, That encircled the earth, cold and grey;

And the sun, in his splendor arising,

The world with fresh light was baptizing.

The poet, now fully awakened, Soliloquized: "What of the night?

Aye, what had the vision betokened,

That vanished so quickly from sight?"

But the morning broke forth into singing,

And the welkin with music was ringing.

The world was awakened to gladness,

And the voices of night were no more;

But the echoes of sighing and sadness,

Had pierced to a far distant shore;

And the Father, with infinite feeling,

Had poured out the balm of His healing.

Emmeiine B.

Wells.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, March, ii RECENT HOME LITERATURE.

The progress made within the past year in home literature is something for congratulation.

In no previous year of our people's history were so many books and periodicals issued from the local press.

Besides the usual editions of standard

Church works published, the presses have been kept busy and the pens of the greatest talent among us employed to furnish the demand of a growing people, for a literature as distinctive and characteristic, as is our faith.

The movement in this direction is very remarkable, and its ultimate effect will be seen in a vast improvement in the quality of our books, in a cultivated taste for the best literature among our readers and in an impetus given to bookwriting and book-making, that will go far towards advancing our home literature to a conspicuous and leading place in the literary world.

The auspicious introduction of a Course of Reading by the Mutual Improvement Associations, produced two works of local authors, and revived a third, that possess distinctive features of great interest:

"The Gospel"by Elder B. H. Roberts answers more questions, arising among young missionaries, in the space devoted to the exposition of its first principles, than any work yet published among us.

"The First Book of Nature"by Prof.

James E. Talmage, is also the first book of natural science from a Latter-day Saint's standpoint, and as such teaches some of the most sublime lessons of faith in the Creator, through the study of His creations.

"The Life of Nephi,"by President Geo.

Q. Cannon, re-issued to accompany the set of five, comprising the first year's series of this Course, is beyond a doubt, one of the most clever biographies and faith-inspiring reviews of a wonderful life of faithfulness, that will ever appear in our literature.

Of the other local works that claim the intelligent consideration of the people and that will forever mark this epoch in our literary progress we can but name some of them:

"The Life of Heber C Kimball,"by Bishop Orson F. Whitney, the author's first pretentious volume, is one in which his careful composition, full of poetry and abounding with the heroic expressions of truth and enunciations of principle, has gained for it at once a front rank among the standard biographies, where it will live and bear its sacred testimony of a saintly life forever.

"The Story of the Book of Mormon,"• by Elder George Reynolds, supplies the introductory that young people require to the study of that sacred volume.

It does more than this, for it is the best book that has ever been published among us, by which to secure the attention of the outside world to the historical incidents of which the Book of Mormon treats.

It is destined to awaken a great interest in the subject of ancient

American civilization, and will take a permanent position as one of the standard publications of the Latter day Saints.

"The Autobiography of Parley P.

Pratt"has been re-issued and will find a ready welcome in the homes and hearts of the people.

"The Life of Joseph the Prophet,"by

President George Q.

Cannon, is the review of the most wonderful man of this century, by one of his most devoted followers, written with consummate skill and published in a most handsome form.

Of the issue of magazines and periodicals this period is simply one of unexampled activity.

Early in the year 1888, the veteran author, biographer and magazine maker, E. W.

Tullidge, undertook the issue of a monthly, "The Western Galaxy,"that in size, variety of matter and illustrations almost rivalled the great New York monthlies.

The effort was a magnificent one, but beyond the power of local support to maintain.

EDITORIAL.

The four numbers, however, of this colossal monthly will be treasured as a memento of the spirit of the times which produced them.

"Zion's Home Monthly,"edited by Henry W. Naisbitt, whose literary genius will not down, has had some difficulty in launching, but appears now to be afloat in safe waters.

"The Western Weekly,"by Coray &

Romney, is another pretentious effort to rival the great eastern weeklies and possesses very much of merit.

"The Western Educator,"published by Herbert Pembroke, has just put in its appearance and strikes out boldly for the popular favor.

These with the newspapers and previously existing periodicals supply a variety of reading matter that is not equalled in any local neighborhood in the country.

The future is full of promise for the production and maintenance of a literature that will do great honor to the intelligence of our people.

Shakspeare uses more different words than any other writer in the English language.

Writers on the statistics of words inform us that he uses about fifteen thousand different words in his plays and sonnets, while there is no other writer who uses so many as* ten thousand.

Some few writers use as many as nine thousand words, but the great majority of writers do not employ more than eight thousand.

In conversation, only from three thousand to five thousand different words are used.

Mr. Edison, the electrician, is said to have invented a new dinner-clock which talks.

Instead of striking the hour, it speaks it.

At dinner-time a voice issues from the clock which says, "Dinnertime,"also "One o'clock,""Two o'clock,"etc., as the case may be.

Another device which he is perfecting in connection with the clock is that of a female face, which he purposes to set in the face of the clock.

The lips of this figure will move at the hour, the head will bow, and the fictitious lady will say, "Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, it is bedtime."Another wonder—he has also an instrument which is capable of being hidden away in a room and which will record all the conversation carried on there.

There is an old story of a beggar to whom one day there appeared by the wayside a beautiful being, with her hands outstretched, laden with treasures.

As he gazed at her in stupid surprise, she glided past him; but she returned with her treasures still held out to him;

and once more, with beseeching eyes, as if she would compel him to take what she offered, she passed slowly by and disappeared.

She had no sooner gone than, as if waking from a dream, he hurried eagerly in the direction she had taken.

He'met a traveler, and said, "Have you seen a beautiful stranger, with her hands full of the things that I want, going along this road?""Yes,"replied the traveler;

"her name is Opportunity.

But once offered, and once refused, she never returns."Mrs. Mary Fiske, the vivacious correspondent who wrote under the name of "Giddy Gusher,"is dead.

She had once expressed a wish to have Col.

Robert Ingersoll speak at her funeral.

He therefore did so, paying tribute to her genius and kindliness.

The closing sentence has been widely quoted.

It is:

"We pray thee, Mother Nature, that thou wilt take this woman and hold her as tenderly in thy arms as she held and pressed against her generous, throbbing heart the abandoned babe."The Woman's Tribune observes that "Col.

Ingersoll would find it hard to show that it is more logical and reasonable to pray to Mother Nature than to God.

And how does Mother Nature use her children that come back to her arms.

As quickly as may be, and by processes that are as shocking to our sensibilities as could be conceived, she disintegrates them and works over the product into plant, or worm, or reptile;

so little care does Nature have for the heart that throbbed with generous im-

EDITORIAL.

pulses, so little promise of hope for the friends who cry out for their loved ones.

Either the prayer of Ingersoll is a belief in immortality and the Power that cares for the creatures of earth, or else it is hollow mockery."The chief magistrate of the Chinese City of Lu-ngan, Fu has issued the following proclamation:

"Be it know that whereas the English teacher, Mr.

Stanley P.

Smith, and others have come to Lu-ngan to propagate religion, they do so in accordance with treaty right; and, further, these teachers come after it has been signified to us by official documents, and the teachers all carry passports permitting them to enter every city and town.

Those are at liberty to hear who will.

There are some who, having* heard the doctrine, gave me to understand that certain senseless scoundrels had the impudence to stick up a placard on the main street crossing, meaning by their unfounded stories to mislead all, and to stir others up to hurt virtuous men.

Over and above apprehending the scoundrels in question, I issue this proclamation to inform others.

Constables should take all the more care, lest this senseless people should again stir up matters; should this occur the constables must at once arrest them and put them into prison.

Thereupon I shall punish them with the utmost rigor of the law.

The treaties state that Chinese traders going abroad are specially protected in the countries they visit.

I, the magistrate, am now reigning, and fear lest you should set matters agoing and break the laws:

therefore you people clearly understand, as you love your own lives, that you on no account do fabricate or listen to trumpedup stories, lest I shall have to punish you heavily.

All should heed this with profound care, and not disobey.

A special notification."Surely this care of "the heathen Chinee"to suppress what might lead to mob violence and to the hurting of "virtuous men,"is an example which might be followed with credit and profit by our own nation.

Be it remembered that in the United States with its free constitution and special provision for religious toleration, mobs have been permitted to organize and whip and drive and murder the Latter- day Saints and the Elders sent out by the Church to proclaim the gospel, and so far, during a period of nearly sixty years, not a single case in which parties invading the rights of "Mormons"have been brought to book, and no special, effective effort made by officials, local or national, to restrain their enemies.

The spirit of toleration breathed in the above proclamation in a "heathen"nation and by a "heathen"official puts our own boasted land of liberty to the blush; and reveals a case where the "heathen"example may instruct the "Christian."

The surveys at present being made for the Kansas City, El Paso and Mexican Railroad, at a point north latitude degrees and west longitude 106 degrees, have passed along the lava flow, which by the local population is called Molpais.

It consists of a sea of molten black glass, agitated at the moment of cooling in ragged waves of fantastic shapes.

These lava waves or ridges are from ten to twelve feet high, with combing crests.

This lava flow is about forty miles long from northeast to southwest, and from one to ten miles wide.

For miles on all sides the country is the most desolate that can be imagined.

It has been literally burnt up.

It consists of fine white ashes to any depth which, so far, has been dug down.

To the north of the lava flow, and lying in a country equally desolate and arid, the surveyors have come upon the ruins of Gran Guivera, known already to the early Spanish explorers, but which have been visited by white men less often even than the mysterious ruins of Palenque, in Central America.

Only a few people at Socorro and White Oaks have been at Gran Guivera, because it is at present forty miles from water.

The surveyors found the ruins to be of gigantic stone buildings made in the most substantial manner and of grand proportions.

One

THE GHETTO.

of them was four acres in extent.

All of the engineers attached to the surveyindications around the ruins point to the ing expedition advances the theory that existence here at one time of a dense Gran Guivera was in existence and population.

No legend of any kind abundantly supplied with water at the exists as to how this great city was detime the terrific volcanic eruption took stroyed or when it was abandoned.

One place.

THE GHETTO.

In many of the over-crowded Gines, and narrow streets of European cities, the eye of the traveler is attracted to, and the nostrils regaled by pots of flowering plants, and in some instances tubs with oleanders, or myrtles, are placed by the side of the front door.

But no such pleasant sights or smells greet us in the Ghetto, or Jew's quarter in Rome.

The streets in the Ghetto are narrow, the buildings lofty, on either side branch off blind alleys, some of them not more than five or six feet wide, they seem to end in nothing and are squalid and miserable in the extreme.

Some of these lanes remind one forcibly of the Nicoli at Pompeii, and will scarcely admit of two persons walking abreast.

It is said there are elegantly furnished apartments behind this squalor;

for the Jew, with characteristic caution, hides his wealth, and enjoys his luxuries in privacy;

nor is it easy for one of another faith to get even a glimpse of their homes. The candlestick with seven branches is often seen carved over the doorways, even in the most uninviting places.

There are many shops, none of them large, or making any attempt at display, but you can find there almost anything you need, though mostly in a damaged condition; plenty of antiquities, real or forged, coins of the Emperors, of very recent make, but admirably counterfeited, diamonds, rubies and emeralds, Venetian glass, laces from Seville, embroidered leather from Morocco, spices, and drugs, and in fact all that goes to make up an old curiosity shop.

Just at the entrance stands the small church of Santa Maria del Pianto, it has a Hebrew and Latin inscription, lamenting the hardness of heart of the Hebrew:

"All day long have I stretched out my hands to a disobedient and gainsaying people."

Hard by is the chief synagogue, comparatively speaking, a handsome and well adorned building;

its splendor forming an honorable contrast to the squalor and misery which surrounds it, and showing that the descendants of David still think more of the glory of the house of the Lord than of their own dwellings.

Reversing the order of the Catholic church of St.

Peter, the choir is at the west end, directly opposite, on the eastern wall, is the "Holy of Holies."On arriving at the Pescaria or fish market, the nostrils are assailed by the foul odor of fish in the last stage of putrifaction.

Near here are the ruins of the theatre of Marcellus, a building begun by Julius Caesar, and completed by Augustus.

The twelve arches still standing on the outward wall of the auditorium harmonize with the dirty surroundings.

They are occupied by tinkers, tinsmiths, and dealers in old coins and bronze. Thither go the cognoscenti to seek some old Roman key, hinge, or lamp, the fragment of a sword, or of a rare marble or mosaic, of which it is said the modern blacksmiths always keep a sufficient supply.

Within a short walk stands the ancient church of Santa Maria in Cosmedirs.

In the portico is a singular round slab of marble, probably dating back from the times of the Emperors, it somewhat resembles a human face, and has in the centre a narrow slit. This hole was used in the middle ages as an ordeal for suspected perjurers, the mouth-like aperture was supposed to close upon the fingers of the perjured person if

i@8 THE GHETTO.

placed therein.

A modern traveler placed his hand in the hole and uttered words to this effect: "The Jew's quarter in Rome is the cleanest and most pleasant spot upon the face of the earth."But the bocca della verita, as the disc is called, remained just the same as before.

Perhaps it had become so accustomed to the surroundings that it mistook the satire for truth.

The Ghetto is perhaps the most densely peopled spot in any European city.

The streets run parallel to the river and are connected by narrow lanes.

The thoroughfare nearest the river is called the Via de Fumara.

Old father Tiber is just as uncertain and inconstant a river as he was in the days of Horace and Ovid.

He overflows his banks and brings down immense quantities of dirt colored mud from the upper country.

It is sheer flattery to call the mud yellow.

The sweepings of a filthy street, stirred into a small pond of water would compare favorably with the Tiber during a flood.

The melting of the snow on the Appenine and Albon mountains is the chief cause of these inundations.

The first bad effects of them are felt in the Jewish quarter.

The streets and alleys nearest the river are covered with a layer of mud, mingled with the foulest sewerage, varying in thickness with the height of the inundations.

One would suppose this would be highly prejudicial to the health of the inhabitants, yet it seems to exercise no appreciable influence over the locality.

This has been attributed to various causes:

First, to the frequent ablutions of the people, who are for the most part, nominally, at least, Pharisees of the strictest sect;

they practice the custom of washing the hands and feet before meals, a custom so strictly commanded in the time of Christ among the Jews, that to neglect it was to be guilty of a capital crime.

"He that taketh meat with unwashed hands,"says one of the rabbis, "is worthy of death."The same custom was observed before offering a sacrifice.

Second, their healthiness has also been attributed to the copious use of olive oil, both as a medicine and an article of diet.

But perhaps the chief cause is the habit they practice of whitewashing their houses on the recurrence of their festivals.

The Hebrew race residing in Rome, had for many ages a chequered career.

The site of the original colony was not far from the present Ghetto.

Many families in the quarter of the Transtevere, that is the portion of the city Trans Tiberim, across the Tiber.

The Emp#ror Domitian banished them to the valley Egeria, a spot between the present basilica of St. John Lateran, and the ruined baths of Caracalla.

Eugenius the Fourth who was pope from 1431 to 1439, interdicted all Catholics from buying and selling, sharing a house, and eating or drinking with the devoted race.

Paul the second compelled them to run races as if they were brute beasts.

This barbarous custom continued for two hundred years.

We read of the races in 1667, that the asses ran first, then the Jews, naked, with the exception of a cloth around the loins, then the buffaloes, and lastly the Barbary horses.

But since the time of Clement the Ninth, the Jews have been permitted to pay an annual sum, equivalent to three hundred dollars of our money, instead of racing in the Corso.

But the full weight of their judicial ignominy did not culminate until Paul the Fourth shut them up in the Ghetto.

Paul ordered that they should not be allowed to circulate in the streets of Rome, unless the women wore yellow veils, and the men yellow hats.

Yellow, as we know, is in some countries, the sign of mourning, in others it is the symbol of ignominy.

And so the poor Jews were confined within the Ghetto, and walls were built around their prison.

When Sextus the Fifth assumed the pontificate, remembering that the Jews were of the family from whom Christ came, he treated them more liberally;

allowing them to open shops, and build libraries and synagogues.

But all this was undone by Clement the Eighth, and his immediate successors.

About the beginning of the seventeenth century, they were debarred from all trade,

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

[ 99 except that in old clothes and iron rubbish, they were compelled to attend church once a week, to hear a sermon against their own tenets.

If at church they were inattentive, or showed signs of dissatisfaction, they were immediately stripped and soundly beaten with rods.

These inhuman laws were not abrogated until the early years of the late Pope Pius the Ninth.

The first sign he gave of a kindly interest in their welfare was when he bestowed an alms on an aged and decrepit old man, who was evidently a Hebrew.

"Sire,"said some one, "He is a Jew,"the pontiff (who was naturally a genial man) replied, "What does that matter, he is a man."In 1875, when the writer visited Rome, the number of Jews residing in the Ghetto, was between four and five thousand and where they contrived to stow themselves is an almost insoluble problem.

The remains of the portico of Actavia are still to be seen in the very centre of the settlement;

that splendid habitation where Titus was feasted, after he returned from the destruction of Jerusalem.

This was the concluding act of his triumph, he went first to pay his vows to Capitoline Jove, leaving poor Simon, the last of the Pharisee patriots at the foot of the hill, to be hurried into the dark dungeons of the Mamertine, and there, according to the tigerish brutality of Rome, be put to death.

Although the Jews are no longer absolutely obliged to reside in the Ghetto, yet comparatively few families have removed from the neighborhood.

This may be partly owing to the poverty of many of the people, but it is no doubt due in great measure to habit and prejudice.

M. A.

Y. Greenhalgh.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

PROGRAMME—SEMI-ANNUAL STAKE CONFERENCE.—M.

H. HARDY.

Part I.

Preparation:

1. Council meeting of combined Stake Superintendency, a. consideration of nature and results of last conference;

b. arranging the programme;

c. appointment of reception committees;

d.

drafting letter of instruction to each association.*

Part II.

Meetings:

Joint business meeting Saturday morning;

a. invocation (singing and prayer);

b.

roll-call of officers and missionaries;

c.

reports of officers and missionaries upon points as indicated in the circular letter;

d.

answering of questions;

e.

instructions by the superintendency;

f.

closing exercises.

Saturday afternoon:

1.

Opening exercises;

2.

Lecture;

3. Closing exercises.

*Note.—This essential part of the conference should be attended to at least two weeks before the time of the general gathering, just immediately preceding which a second council meeting should be held to insure complete preparation.

Saturday evening:

Stake concert.

Sunday morning:

1. Opening exercises;

2.

Instructions by the stake presidency;

3. M.

I. A.

addresses;

4.

Closing exercises.

Sunday afternoon:

Discourse.

THEOLOGY.—B.

H. ROBERTS.

Lecture XX.

The Holy Ghost:

Character and source.

References:

John xv, 26;

Doctrine and Covenants, Section lxxxviii, 1-13; "The

Gospel,"chapter xxviii.

XXI.

Who can and who connot receive the

Holy Ghost.

The world (i.e.

those not yet in the Kingdom of Christ) cannot receive it;

those who obey Christ can;

exceptions to the rule.

References:

John xiv, 16, 17;

Acts v, 24; Acts x and xi; "The Gospel,"chapter xxvi.

XXII.

How the Holy Ghost is imparted.

The laying on of hands;

the philosophy of it.

References:

Acts viii and xix;

Heb.

vi; Doctrine and Covenants, Section xx, 38, 41;

Ibid Section xxxix, 6, 23;

Ibid xlix, 11-14; Mosheim's Church History (Murdock) Vol.

I. p.

189, (see note); Luke viii, 43, 46; Key to Theology, pp.

96-98.

XXIII.

Powers of the Holy Ghost.

Teaches all things;

brings all things to remembrance;

shows things to come;

reveals the things of God;

testifies that Jesus is the Christ.

References:

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

John xiv, xv, xvi;

I Cor. xii, 4-12; "The Gospel,"chapter xxix.

HISTORY.—ENGLAND.

Lecture XXII.

Henry VI, 1422 to 1461;

XXIII.

Joan of Arc.

XXIV.

Edward IV, 1461 to 1483. (Warwick the king-maker.) XXV.

Richard III, 1483 to 1485.

SCIENCE.—JAS.

E. TALMAGE.

References:

Steel's "Fourteen Weeks in Astronomy;"Rolfe & Gillett's "Astronomy;""First Book of Nature,"Part IV.

Lecture XXVIII.

The Heavenly Bodies.

The grandeur of the heavens by night; how they prove the wisdom and power of a creator;

antiquity of the science of astronomy; appearance of the sky,

XXIX.

The Sun.

Most brilliant of all the lights of the heavens; supposed size and distance;

* the earth's orbit about the sun;

changes of seasons; sun spots.

XXX.

The Moon.

The companion planet of the earth;

size and distance of the moon;

phases or changes of the moon;

telescope appearance of the moon; why we see but one side of the moon.

XXXI.

Eclipses.

Eclipses of the sun—caused by moon coming between earth and sun;

total, partial, and annular eclipses;

eclipses of the moon—caused by moon passing into the shadow of the earth; ancient ideas regarding eclipses.

XXXII.

The Stars.

Two classes to us fixed stars and planets; planets revolve around sun as does the earth;

planets thus far discovered:—Mercury, Venus,

Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune;

fixed stars—innumerable;

their end is not known.

CHURCH HISTORY.—GEO.

C. LAMBERT.

Lecture XXIX.

1844;

Joseph Smith nominated as a candidate for the Presidency of the United States;

his views on the powers and policy of the government; anti-Mormon convention at Carthage; the Apostles instructed to send a delegation to the west to find a location for the Saints to remove to; a prophecy of what would be accomplished in five years.

XXX. Apostasy ofWm. Law and others; Nauvoo Expositor published;

its printing materials destroyed; arrests and trials of Joseph Smith and the city council; Nauvoo declared under martial law;

last public address of Joseph Smith;

the Apostles upon missions called home.

XXXI.

1844;

Joseph Smith and others start westward;

return at solicitation of friends;

the Prophet and others start to Carthage;

State arms surrendered; mock trial in Carthage;

remanded to prison contrary to law;

interview with Governor Ford;

the martyrdom.

XXXII.

1844;

Pause among the mobocrats;

bodies of martyrs conveyed to Nauvoo; the funeral; condition of Apostle John Taylor;

return of the Apostles;

death of Samuel H. Smith.

XXXIII.

1844; Sidney Rigdon's aspirations;

important meeting in Nauvoo; Sidney Rigdon's failure power attending President Young Rigdon's excommunication.

XXXIV.

1844-1845; quorums of the Priesthood organized;

visit of Governor Ford to Nauvoo with troops;

repeal of the Nauvoo city charter;

petitions to the President of the United

States and State Governors; completion of the walls of the Temple;

acquittal of the murderers.

BLESSINGS IN DISGUISE.

Milton and Beethoven.

I.

Milton sits musing in the porch,

The bright blue sky above him,

But cannot see the light of heaven,

Or smiles of those who love him:

But though the utter darkness hides

The earthly from his vision, He sees the bowers of Paradise,

And splendors of the Elysian He learns from angels at his side

Creation's awful story, And looks upon them face to face,

XJndazzled by their glory II.

Beethoven, Music's great High Priest,

Whose heaven-born fancies capture

The tangled skeins of Harmony And weave them into rapture, Hears not the voice of human kind

Nor sound of life and motion Nor tempests on the echoing hills

Nor moan of restless ocean And yet in silence of his mind

Can hear the throb and thunder,

Of jubilant hymns and solemn chants,

And lays of Love and Wonder III.

Thus though relentless Fate may close

The gateways of our senses, Immortal Spirit overleaps Their barriers and defenses.

And with celestial recompense For harm and loss diurnal, Yields greater joys than flesh affords,

In foretastes of the Eternal To blind old Milton's rayless orbs

A light divine is given, And deaf Beethoven hears the hymns

And harmonies of Heaven Charles Mackay in Temple Bar.

dale - /Rapufaeturii^ - Qo., MAM'FACTl HKKS OF The Celebrated Big Injun Sulky Plow, GALE CHILLED PLOWS, All Sizes.

—(COMBINATION PLOWS.) Co-operative Wagon and Machine Co., ISiwfi.

Leonard G. Hardy, Elias Morris, Alonzo Young, Oscar H. Hardy.

Opp. Z. C. M. I.

r^V^vd \ ^^JV A Ohoios Sel»otion of iltfv)?

<\$0^O Groceries » Dry Goods, yfc G°^J-<^^^ Boots and Shoes.

W* /TOWN & COUNTRY TRADE SOLICITED.

ALONZO YOUNG, Manager.

Tge A, C, j&avei 1 Implemeqt Co, ^CHICAGO, ILiLi.,* MANUFACTURERS OF^ it.

.

?*rs'*^* * ¥ Buckeye - Feed - Mills, Feed - Cutters, Corn - Shelters,- Etc.

Full Line of these Superior Goods carried by

CO-OPERATIVE WAGON & MACHINE COMPANY, Sole Agent?

^Liverpool & London & Globe* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.

Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston,

Income in the United States, 1887,....

Expenditures in the United States, 1887, $4,500,000.00 4,114,103.44 3,635,121.43 CHICAGO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

WHN CRERAR, of Crerar, Adams & Co.

LEVI Z. LEITER, late Field, Leiter & Co., EZRA J. WARNER, of Sprague, Warner &

Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, Els.

H.

J. GRANT & CO,, Agents, Salt Lake City.

^Insurance Co,i^ ^1798kThe Oldest Company in America.

-*§of North America* Cash Capital, $3,000,000.00 Cash Assets,,474,351.00 H.

J. GRANT & CO., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

mm ORGANIZED 1825 Stood the Test of All the Great Fires.

CAPITAL, $400,000.

FIRE ASSETS, $2,890,897, SURPLUS to Policy Holders, $2,007,968.

BROWN. CRAIG & CO., San Francisco.

AGENTS HEBER J.GRANT & CO., Salt Lake City.

Mean ASSETS, -OF- 0^ INCOME, 1888, Jy EXPENDITURES, 1888, Established y^gp 18IO.

j&L $2,401,956 $1,523,182 $1,415,773 p nilaflelpM^ Brown,Craig&Co. 5 General Agents, FRANCISCO, CAL.

HJ.Grant&Co., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY.

o ooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooo

WHITER SONS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Oared Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE No.

S-A.X/37 LAZE CIT"ST.

o 00000000000000 ooooooooooooo o PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF ^VMKnTOA&WSttRt \Q\:ATVOraNCaLlXOtXli OUR v^m.'^vaNO>iiim^\ia^^\nm«L^Vim^nt&^&Tftvtamu^Eta^

High Patent, Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St., S^X_,T Xj^KIE CITY, TJ'AJJ^tt.

R. K. THOMAS, I>ry Goods, Carpets, R. K. THOMAS.

j-^^.1^1. SHIELDS <5c 00.,^^^_j 43 & 45 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, *CONFECTIONERY.* aTHEJ VPomgon % T&lpoi gpice go.,-* \uvo*tws una umw kctvwws of im. nntsi

ES AND FLAVORING E KNOWN TO THE TRADE).

Proprietor* of th* F^nn- T7> T^- T"~\ (~\ T7> f~\ Q^ Q^ T "\7"T3* ^oua Brand of===^ iXJtVi_J O-FVLJO^) ±V Y H/.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET, ^^^CHICAGO.^ mma—

Combined Capital and Assets exceed $12,750,000.

The HOME Insurance Company of New York, and The PHOENIX Insurance Company of Hartford, Conn,, Issue Joint Policies on Rpproved Property in Utah.

Have paid Seventy Million Hollars for losses during the past Thirty-five Years, ARTHUR E MACILL, Dept, Cenl Agent, San Francisco, Cal.

HEEER J, GRANT 4> CD,, Agents, Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah.

THE HARTFORD Fire Insurance Company.

ORGANIZED 1794.

BELDEN & COFRAN, Managers, Pacific Department, San Francisco, Cal.

$S,288,604t.OO HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents Salt Lake City, Utah.

NIAGARA FIRE INSURANCES COMPANY of New York.

CASH CAPITAL, CASH ASSETS, LOSSES PAID, 500,000 2,237,492 over 12,000,000 L 8. BLACKWELDER, Manager Western Department, Chicago, 111.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GERMANAMERICAN INSURANCE COMPANY.

Cash Capital, Cash Assets, Surplus, $1,000,000.00 6,285,289.00 3,112,138.00 T-n-n-TLrLTLrLru iTi/injTJTJTnjuTJTJxrurriJTJuanjTjTJTJTja/

E. OELBERMANN, President, /NO.

W. MURRAY.

Vice-President.

JAMES A. STLVEY, Secretary.

HE8ER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

TO CONTRACTORS

The New Era Railroad Builder will build 4-foot Embankments or the Base of large Embankments at a cost of from i£ to "z\ cents per cubic yard, and will load wagons at 2J to 3 cents per cubic yard.

Which We Stand, Ready to Prove.

3L ^_ Ov^^Ovw s)Lia/_ (^ok^ Send for Pamphlet Showing the Cheapest Methods of Handling Earth to FACTORY—Cor. Carpenter St., and Carroll Ave.

CHICAGO, ILL.- BTJBTOIT.

q-.AJES:P:fcT:E:EB CO.

Manufacturers of Fe_ Made of Annealed Steel and galvanized Wire, an4 f\ P * 44 Pickets per Rod, at a cost of from 45 cts. to $1.06 ww pes Rod.

This is the Best Farm and Garden Fence Made.

S-Cad-e oaa. Xaaa.pr©-srecL ^Istaa..

Setter tSa-eaa. axa-jr Xaaaporteel.

Agents for the Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SETTING MACHINE® »# D.&R.G. COAL!

COLORADO ANTHRACITE, J (1 U. ireoal, Pip; Iron, A. L. WILLIAMS, AGENT.

148 S, Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PREMIUMS.

Three Libraries.

One Hundred Volumes.

GIVEN TO THE Y. M. M.

I. A.

RELIEVING the officers of the Associations are generally interested in the <§ welfare of The Contributor, and with a view to stimulating their interest in extending its circulation, we have determined to otter, as special premiums to the Associations, the following carefully selected libraries of choice books.

They form as good a foundation for an Association Library as it is possible for us to suggest, and we are confident that the Associations getting them will be amply repaid for the exertions made to secure them.

LIBRARY NUMBER ONE.—FIFTY VOLUMES~$72.50.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.

I. A. in the Ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions for the Contributor, Volume Ten., April ist, 1889.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS—A series of historical studies, prepaied by authors of the highest standing, elegantly printed and illustrated; published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, New

York, comprising the following twenty volumes, at $1.50 each, £30.00 I.

Greece, II.

Rome, III.

The Jews, IV.

Chaldea, V.

Germany, VI.

Norway, VII.

Spain, VIII.

Hungary, IX.

Carthage.

X.

The Saracens, XVI.

Assyria, XVII.

Ireland, XVIII.

The Goths, XIX.

Turkey, XX.

Media.

XI.

The Moors in Spain, XII.

The Normans, XIII.

Persia, XIV.

Ancient Egypt, XV.

Alexander's Empire, THE NEW PLUTARCH—A beautiful set of biographies containing the lives of those who have made the history of the world, edited by Walter Besant; published by G. P. Putnam's

Sons, New York, eleven volumes, at $1.00 each, $11.00.

I.

Abraham Lincoln, V.

Haroun al Raschid, IX.

Victor Emanuel, II.

Coligny, VI.

Sir John Franklin, X.

Marie Antoinette, III.

Judas Maccabaeus, VII.

Sir RichardWhittington, XI.

Frederick the Great.

IV.

Joan of Arc, VIII.

Martin Luther, LIFE OF COLUMBUS, by Washington Irving, three volumes, at $1.00 each, $3.00.

LIFE OF MAHOMET, by Washington Irving, two volumes, at $1.00 each, $2.00.

HISTORY OF ENGLAND, by Lord Macaulay, Harper's Edition, five volumes, at #1.00 each $5 00

HISTORY OF OUR OWN TIMES, by Justin Macarthy, two volumes, at $1.50 each, $3.00'

STORIES FOR BOYS, by Edward Everett Hale, five volumes, at $1.00 each, 35.00,

Stories of Invention, Stories of War.

Stories of Discovery, Stories of the Sea, Stories of Adventure.

BEN HUR, A Story of the Savior, by Gen. Lew Wallace, $1.50.

WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY, latest edition, indexed, $12.00.

LIBRARY NUMBER TWO.-THIRTY VOLUMES-$47>00.

Will be GIVEN to theY. M. M.I. A., of less than fifty, and more than twenty-five members, in the

Ward, having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to The Contributor, Vol. Ten

April ist, 1889.

STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), twenty volumes, at $1.50, $30.00.

UNCIVILIZED RACES OF THE WORLD—Two volumes, pages, illustrated, and bound in library sheep, at $4.00 each, $8.00.

SAMUEL SMILES'WORKS—Self-Help, Thrift, Character, Dutv—four volumes, $1.00 each $400

PLUTARCH'S LIVES—two volumes, at $1.25 each. $2.50.

H ISTORIES OF HERODOTUS—two volumes, at $1.25 each, $2.50.

LIBRARY NUMBER THREE.-TWENTV VOLUMES-$30.00.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.

I. A. of less than twenty-five members in the ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to

The Contributor, Volume Ten, April ist, 1889.

CONDITIONS:

The Associations competing for either of these libraries, will be required to certify, by the President and Secretary, to the number of members enrolled on -March ist, 1889, and who have actually attended meetings during the season.

Subscribers names will be entered upon THE Contributor books, arranged in the wards in which they live; and the awarding of the libraries will be determined by the numbers, as they appear paid up in full April ist 1889.

Officers of the Associations are requested to promote the canvass for subscriptions not only among the members, but throughout their respective wards, as the award of premiums will be made with respect to the number of subscribers, whether they are members of Associations or not. Names should be forwarded through the local agent, or direct to the office, where the officers may see the Premium Volumes, and get further information if desired.

mfwn MANUFACTURERS OF LOCK LEVER SSELF DUMP RAKES.

WITH IRON OR WOODEN WHEELS.

I] M"DcDDER5,PDTAI0 DlGOERS,P05rf(oilDl66Ei

BOY'S TRICYCLE5 ^^^g^!^B3^3SBeS*E^aW!*»KSsa5BE3s«a5c;«m,W rRlTE) for IL,IyUSTRATKD CATALOGUE.

OUR GOODS ARE FOR SALE BY THE Co-operative Wagon and Machine Company, s-a-XjI 1 lake axTsr, -cttah.

O coco CD tea C2* CO B. p. & f4.

I*. StUEET, manufacturers of "Common Sense"Sleighs, "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba Sleighs,

Improved Freight Wagons, Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks, Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

QO-OpEF^JIl/E U/^qOK /IffD fi\p^\\\\iE (£>., Sole flints.

|ih&8 frto lotnraaoB |& of Jtalj, Paid up Capital.

ReserTes, President, HEBE J? J. GRANT, Vice-President, JAMES SHARP, •i:»,o»:i.o » 2^'Secretary, EI. [AS A. SMITH, Assistant Secretary, W. J. BATBMAN Insure To-day.

To-morro"w may Toe too X-ate.

Weber J. Grant 8r Co., Gen. Agts., Herald Building.

flotiee!

The great Premium Steel Engravings of President Brigham Young have arrived and are being delivered to su bscribers residing in Salt Lake City, on application at the office, Herald Building.

They are also being forwarded to agents for delivery to subscribers throughout the

Territory.

Every family sh ou Id beautiful and of President have one of these life-like Engravings Young.

The longer it is seen the better it is liked.

No such premium was ever before given to our people.

Only 5__5eribers w\)0 l?au<? paid $2.50 (_bieb also includes Binding an?

entitled to ttyis 5^"?'£n<?ravin<5.

Address, THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY, Herald Building, Salt Lake City.

Tiie Leading Implement Houge of Utah

SALT LAKE CITY, 3GDEN, LOGAN, Directors:

Heber J. Grant, Joshua F. Grant, George T. Odell, William W. Riter, George Romncy.

Joseph F. Smith, Francis M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Charles S. Burton, Junius F. Wells, James Sharp.

management:

JOSHUA F. GRAN". Gen. Mgr., GEO. T ODELL, Asst. Mgr,, Salt Lake City, Utah.

ED. T. WOOLLEY, Mgr. Ogden Branch.

A. G. BARBER, Mgr. Logan Branch.