•EBRUARY, rS«Q PUBLISHED BY I CONTRIBUTOR SALT LAKE CITY, I

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1889.

PAGE.

Steel Engraving:

Portrait of President Wilford Woodruff.

Frontispiece.

Preaching t A Mountain Night Storm Alfred Lambourne Analysis of the Book of Mormon

B. H.

Roberts Modern and Ancient Arizona Santiago Legitimate Fiction Horatio To Roslin Chapel and Surroundings..

Robert W. Sloan Mediocrity H. W.

Naisbitt Testimony of a Lifetime..;

Wilfoid Woodruff.

The Nicaragua Canal Harper's Weekly Profits of Authorship..., '.

Will the English be the World's Language?

The End of the Great Eastern Iron Why does the Shell of the Lobster become Red on being Boiled?

....Scientific American Wounded J53 Editorial:

The Manner or the Man Nigh unto the Throne of Go Jos. B. Keeler.

Association Intelligence!59 WHY SHOUIvD YOU E>\HE>R Ag;ai*rs1: YcvtijrO^m Industries?

II you ask your storekeeper to sell our Soaps he'll do it.

Startling Improvements Have Been Made in Them.

G-.

KC. S1TELL, ^Cgr.

^ion'sPo-operatiYelercantileTnstit'n,

ORGANIZED OCTOBER I6th, 1868.

President, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Vice-President, MOSES THATCHER, Secretary and Treasurer.

T.

G. WEBBER.

-DIRECTORSGEO. Q. CANNON, JOS. F. SMITH, HEBER J. GRANT, JOHN SHARP, GEORGE ROMNEY, JOHN R. WINDER, HENRY DINWOODEY, P. T. FARNSWORTH.

JOHN R BARNES, WILLIAM H. ROWE, THOS. W. JENNINGS Manufacturers, Importer*, ana Wholesale and

Retail Itealers in mm ihamsi Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AT OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

Co-operative Stores and the General

Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice arid Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS, Crockery and Glassware, Tinware and Stamped Ware, Carpets and House Furnishings.

Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Tools and Implements, Stationery and Blank Books, School Books, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Hats and Caps, Paper Hangings, Boots and Shoes, Rubber Goods, Leather and Findings, Pure Drugs and Medicines.

Wines and Liquors Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, ~inseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

86T*Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careiul Attention.

1.

or. WEBBER, Supt,

WMNEfi BHOS.

Celebrated Corsets.

HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch.

and they lose all their stiffness I after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation.

They can always be recognized, for they have "Dr.

Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

WARNER* BROS.

No^w York For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

Cliioago.

For Sale in Ogden -BY- Z. C. M.

I., W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

WMNEfl MOS.'Celebrated Corsets

UNION

PACIFIC TRAVEL ( VIA Tnriri/»«M»w»VM»*w»w»y Union Paci.

ouuouuuwuuuuu 'THE OLD OVERLAND ROUTE,'•(BETWEFN)- Utah and the Missouri River.

(TAKE THE FAST TRAIN, "THE OVERLAND FLYER"And Save One Day Crossing the Continent-—»f"4——» 3<~—

No Tourist can properly appreciate the Grandeur of the Scenery or the Magnificence, Extent and Resources of the United States, until he has compassed journeys to the following points:

COLORADO IN GENERAL, UTAH IN GENERAL, and SALT LAKE CITY in Particular;

Yellowstone*National Park, The Great Shoshone Falls, The Columbia River, Oregon, Puget Sound and Alaska;

The Sierra* in Nevada, California in General, Yosemite, the Big Trees, And Los Angeles, And Mining Camps, Cities, and Health Resorts of the Rocky Mountains, all of which are best reached via the

TJIVIOIV PACIFIC RAILWAY.

Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

THOS.

L. KIMBALL, Acting Gen'l Manager, OMAHA, NEB.

E.

L. LOMAX Ass't Gen'l Pass & Ticket Ag't

OMAHA, NEB.

J. S. TEBBETS, Gen'i Pass. & Ticket Ag't.

OMAHA, >-EB.

J. V. PARKER.

Div. Pass. Ag't.

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH.

r<?

UTAH CENTRAL RAILW'Y pioneer line of utah, Runs Regular Trains for Convenience of

Public, From OGDEN to FRISCO.

SdFE-:-:-:-:-:-:-COMFORmBLE.-:-:-:-:-;-:-QUICK.

JOHN SHARP, FAMES SHARP, General Supt.

Asst. Genl. Supt, FRANCIS COPE, Gen. Freight 6* Tkt. Agt.

Perfect'Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANOA.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

SktmeSquecnouk BETWEEN CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS NEW YORK.

PASSENGERS FROM THE WEST Can Secure Through Day and Pullman Sleeping Car Service from

ST. LOUIS over the OHIO & MISSISSIPPI and ERIE RAILWAYS, or from

CHICAGO over the CHICAGO & ATLANTIC and ERIE RAILWAYS to the important Eastern Cities.

Limited Trains, Daily Kquipped with PULLMAN'S latest pattern of PALACE and DRAWING ROOM COACHES.

ASK FOR YOUR TICKETS Via the ERIE RAILWAY, ON SALE AT ALL THE PRINCIPAL RAILWAY STATIONS throughout the West.

W.

H. HURLBURT, Genl. Western Passenger Agent,

CHICAGO- L.

P. FARMER, Genl. PassengerlAgent, IffJEW YORK.

©.

F>. TRJ^SIDKla, I». O BOX 3B2.

8i.LT LJLICi: OITT.

Wholesale and Retail, Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, and all kinds oi*

GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

TT TT S. P. TEASDEL, East Temple St.

..*'",.,."«<<.'»„., \|!In relation to >y g The people of Utah-, are sensibly united'.-.

In preferlny those'., made at v:hm z. c. m. i /z SALT LAKE CITY.

Look for the Brand.

AMERICA AHEAD!!!

uii i i in/! iiiTin ITHE BESTTHREADforSEWING MACHINES.

Tf I Lkl Ifl EWINO MACH1HESJ SIX-CORD SPOOL COTTON FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING DKALKKS.

ASK FOR IT I BUY IT M TRYI^ Taylor, Romney, Armstrong Co., lIllIlMIII.il Rustic, Plank, Joists, Rafters, Shingles, Mouldings.

MHrwurx-rrniifcTQtjesl^jt »*cti:ljIde:eib arsaos SOUTH TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY.

1ftJi® i/ia&T«& S BEST -S!X- CORDUN Mbms;wi Ml»ll |fc^C?'l0™R.HAKD & MACHINE LAING & JYLAOINNIS, Importers unil Deuiets Ln every description of

Sole Agents for th United States for BLAKEY'S BOOT and SHOE PROTECTORS Anj-» PARAGON LASTS.

39 KORTH THIRD STREET,^ -^PHILADELPHIA, PENNA.

IT IS THE BEST TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BUCKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO T:b.e I_ia,rgrest Sale of axi^r ToTostcc© iaa.

t3n.e "^7s7"orlcL TKADC MARK fOR PLEASURE COMFORT, HEALT"SMOKE THE OLD.

MANUFACTURED ONLY BY HF\>*^ W^EBl&ck^elta & Co. pgEb BtiRHflM.N.C.

IT BEARS THfl °THER.

P9PMUR BECAUSE RELIABLE!

Wal^ei*, O^Iefl | Co., » MANUFACTURERS OF CHICAGO WAX CALF^S ^UPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Boston Store, 18 and 18 South St.

Chicago Store, 179 and 181 Lake

A BIG INDUCEMENT

For $19.50 the Herald Company of this City offer a first class Sewing Machine, with a complete set of Attachments, and the SemiWeekly Herald, ten pages of news and general information, for a a year.

As the person wanting the machine may prefer any other edition of this journal, the Sunday, Weekly or the Daily, the machine can be had by paying only the increased difference in the papers. Thus the Machine, and the Daily Herald for one year would only cost $28.

If a better and more expensive machine is desired, it can be had, but at best the Herald announces that the machine it sells, while being as good as any in the market and as durable, is from two-thirds to one-half less than any agent will sell it for, including the price of the Herald; they simply give their subscribers the benefit of manufacturers prices, and save to the buyer the commission that is made, first by the wholesale buyer, then by the retailer, next by the agent, and last, the exorbitant interest that is put on this useful article, because it is indispensible.

The Herald Company is also very extensively advertising a Grand

Prize Drawing for its Semi-Weekly, and states that fully 1250 prizes will be given away to subscribers of that excellent, bright, newsy ten page publication, which is certainly without a rival in the Rocky Mountain Region.

These prizes vary in value from one to three hundred dollars, and the arrangement of the drawing will be such that every prize will be drawn, and the subscribers themselves will have control of the execution of the drawing.

The paper is but three dollars a year, and all who would have a chance in this drawing have only to subscribe and pay for one year in advance.

Those already subscribers have only to pay up arrearages and one year in advance.

There can be no doubt that such an offer as this will greatly increase the subscription of this excellent Semi-Weekly Newspaper.

It is deserving of support, and there are few wide awake citizens of this and adjoining territories who will not take advantage of so magnificent an offer, besides introducing into their families the best and largest and brightest and most reliable Semi-Weekly Newspaper,published in the Rocky Mountains.

^Efll^Y-DljMOODEY.

^FillMlStlFfc.

Qarpets, U/ail paper, peat^er5, B/^BY - <?/^I/^ES,: ^-^~_-ZZ". SCEDS.

- BRPQKE TS> ~ /^IRRORS, ^mA,um^i?0y-Fo rniture pRST ^OUo,. "jP^S, 3,^5 £flKE QTV.

Vol.

X.

FEBRUARY, i!

No.

4.

PREACHING.

"I would rather hear men tell their own experience and testify that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of the Lord, and that the Book of Mormon, the Bible, and other revelations of God are true; that they know it by the gift and power of God; that they have conversed with angels, have had the power of the Holy Ghost upon them, giving them visions and revelations, than hear any other kind of preaching that ever saluted my ears.

"If I could command the language and eloquence of the angels of God, I would tell you why, but the eloquence of angels never can convince any person that God lives, and makes truth the habitation of his throne, independent of that eloquence being clothed with the power of the Holy Ghost;

in the absence of this, it would be a combination of useless sounds.

What is it that convinces man?

It is the influence of the Almighty, enlightening his mind, giving instruction to the understanding.

When that which inhabits this body, that which came from the regions of glory, is enlightened by the influence, power and spirit of the Father of light, it swallows up the organization which pertains to this world.

Those who are governed by this influence lose sight of all things pertaining to mortality, they are wholly influenced by the power of eternity and lose sight of time.

All the honor, wisdom, strength and whatsoever is considered desirable among men, yea, all that pertains to this organization, which is in any way independent of that which came from the Father of our spirits, is obliterated to them and they hear and understand by the same power and spirit that clothe the Deity, and the holy beings in his presence.

Anything besides that influence will fail to convince any person of the truth of the gospel of salvation.

This is the reason why I love to hear men testify to the various operations of the Holy Spirit upon them—it is at once interesting and instructive.

When a subject is treated upon with all the calculation, method, tact and cunning of men, with the effusions of worldly eloquence, before a congregation endowed with the power of the Holy Ghost, and filled with the light of eternity, they can understand the subject, trace its bearings, place all its parts where they belong, and dispose of it according to the unalterable laws of truth.

This makes all subjects interesting and instructive to them.

But the case is quite different with those whose minds are not opened and instructed by the power of God.

Sermonizing, dividing, and sub-dividing subjects, and building up a fine superstructure, a fanciful and aerial building, calculated to fascinate the mind, coupled with the choicest eloquence of the world, will produce no good to them; the sentiments of my mind, and the manner of my life are to obtain knowledge by the power of the Holy Ghost.

"If all the tact, talent, wisdom and refinement of the world had been sent to me with the Book of Mormon, and had declared, in the most exalted eloquence, the truth of it, undertaking to prove it by learning and worldly wisdom, they would have been like smoke which rises only to vanish away.

But when I saw a man without eloquence or talents for public speaking, who could only say, 'I

PREACHING.

know by the power of the Holy Ghost, that the Book of Mormon is true, that Joseph Smith is a prophet of the Lord,'the Holy Ghost proceeded from that individual, illuminated my understanding, and light, glory and immortality were before me.

I was encircled by them, filled with them, and I knew for myself that the testimony of the man was true.

But the wisdom of the world, I say again, is like smoke, like the fog of the night, that disappears before the rays of the luminary of day, or like the hoar-frosts that vanish before the warmth of the sun's rays.

My own judgments, natural endowments, and education bowed to this simple, but mighty testimony.

It filled my system with light, and my soul with joy.

The world with all its wisdom and power, and with all the glory and gilded show of its kings and potentates, sinks into perfect insignificance, compared with the simple, unadorned testimony of the servant of God.""What causes men and women, whose minds have been unaccustomed to reflect upon theological subjects, to speak so intelligently as soon as the spirit of the Lord touches their understanding?

The experience of the most of the congregation can answer this question.

You are the oracles of the spirit.the repository of the intelligence that comes from another state of existence invisible to the natural eye;

of an influence that produces an effect without revealing the cause, and is therefore called a miracle.""Suppose I should be called to preach the Gospel until my head is white and my limbs become weak with age, until I go down into my grave, and never see my family and friends again in the flesh, would it be a sacrifice?

No, but one of the greatest blessings that could be conferred upon mortal man, to have the privilege of calling thousands, and perhaps millions, from darkness to light, from the power of Satan and unrighteousness to the principles of truth and righteousness in the living God."

On another occasion President Young had been commenting on the success of some of the Elders in preaching the Gospel when on missions and the failure of others, and then said:

"The secret of the difference is this, he [the successful Elder] felt for the Kingdom, and when he went into his field of labor he did not say, O, how lonesome I am, how I wish I had my family here;

I really wish I was back in the valley; my spirits are cast down; how bad I do feel.

When such persons endeavor to preach, their preaching is as dry as an old dead, dried up, three year old mullen stalk; there is no more spice in them than there is in that.""It is a great fault in the Elders of Israel, when they talk to a congregation, that they speak a great while about something, but you cannot always easily tell what.

It may be more or less natural for some to do this, but it is a habit which can be overcome.

Persons can learn to express their feelings by their word^ Do not hesitate to tell your feelings.

Many have a forboding in their hearts;

a fearfulness, a tremor comes over them, when they arise to address a congregation.

They think it will not do for them to tell the people just what they understand, but talk about it, and talk about it.

In this way they darken counsel.

Do not darken counsel by words.

"In this Church I have always felt myself a missionary, and I always desire to be ready and willing to bear my testimony to the truth.

That has been about the amount of my preaching for the last twenty-six years.

As for sermonizing I have seldom attempted it, but I have borne my testimony of the truth to the people.

I had only traveled a short time to testify to the people, before I learned this one fact, that you might prove doctrine from the Bible till dooms day, and it would merely convince a people, but would not convert them.

You might read the Bible from Genesis to Revelations, and prove every iota you advance, and that alone would have no converting influence upon the people.

Nothing short of a testimony by the power of the Holy Ghost would bring light and knowledge to them bring them in their hearts to repentance.

Nothing short of that would ever do,

PREACHLNG.

you have frequently heard me say, that I would rather hear an Elder, either here or in the world, speak only five words, accompanied by "the power of God, and they would do more good, than to hear a long sermon without the spirit;

that is true and we know it.""It is not the many words that accomplish the design of our Father in heaven, with him it is the acts of the people more than their words.

"The kingdom of our God, that is set up on the earth, does not require men of many words and flaming oratorical talents to establish truth and righteousness."A drunkard can walk by a tavern, though I have heard it said that some men cannot go by, or if they do manage to get by, that they say, "Now I know I am the master, and I will go back and treat resolution."Judge not according to the outward appearance, but according to the intentions of the heart.

The gifts (of the spirit) are from the Lord, and we are agents to use them as we please.

If a man is called to be a prophet, and the gift of prophecy is poured upon him, though afterwards he actually defies the power of God, and turns away from the holy commandments, that man will continue in his gift and prophesy lies.

Mercy is not always to be extended to the people, judgment must claim its right.

If we wish this Church and kingdom of God upon earth to be like a fine, healthy tree, we should be careful not to let the dead branches remain too long.

"As the old cock crows, so crows the young."All the learned crow one tune, say one prayer, and mainly act just alike.

The learned world, so-called, is a great mass of ignorance.

We have no true interest, only conjointly with our Father in heaven.

How could you ever get a people equal with regard to their possessions?

They never can be, no more than they can be in the appearance of their faces.

If you wish to place persons in a back-sliding condition, make them idle and dilatory in temporal things, even though they may be good saints in other respects.

When shall we cease to learn?

I will give my opinion about it, never never!!

* We shall never cease to learn unless we apostatize from the religion of Jesus Christ.

I know the old prophet said: "In the day of trouble they draw nigh unto me."

Get out, say I, in my feelings, in regard to such a religion.

When I am starving to death it is time for me to be diligent in getting something to eat; when the ship is in a storm it is then time to look out for the rigging.

One may say, "Are you not going down below to pray in this dreadful storm?"No, I have no time to pray now, I must take care of the ship.

By and by when the storm is over, then let us go down into the cabin, and do our praying in fair weather.

When men are left to themselves, it is then they manifest their integrity, by saying and feeling, "I am the friend of God."Do you know of any other people striving to enter in at the straight gate besides this people—the Latter-day Saints?

Yes, many in the sectarian world, and the honest among the heathen nations are seeking with all their mights to enter in.

They live according to the moral law given to them, and no people can be morally any better than are thousands and millions of them, for they have spent days and years on their knees to get the power we have, but could not obtain it.

Why?

Because they had not the keys of the everlasting priesthood.

Where will they go?

To heaven, and they will have all the heaven, and they will have all the bliss and crowns that they have anticipated in the flesh, and then you may add a hundred fold more.

But, can they go into the celestial kingdom?

No, not without the keys of that kingdom.

The largest library in the world is the Imperial at Paris, which contains over two million volumes.

A MOUNTAIN NIGHT

STORM.

REMINISCENCE OF A TRIP TO THE HEAD-WATERS OF THE WEBER

RIVER.

O night, And storm, and darkness, ye are wondrous strong, Yet lovely in your strength.

Byron.

The scene of the following sketch is situated on the eastern border of Utah Territory, and the little adventure, if such it may be called, happened to me whilst I was indulging a somewhat ardent passion for lake hunting.

The canon of the Upper Weber, where my tent was pitched, serves as a natural gateway to a region wild and charming as can be.

There, held in the stony laps of the Uintah mountains, are the many lakes giving rise to the Bear, the Provo, the Weber, and the Duchesne rivers.

Much of the country remains in undisturbed seclusion, and toward its recesses, as toward the strength of a citadel, the startled denizens of the surrounding mountains have at last retreated.

Its high pastures are still a safe resort for herds of wary deer, and across the fallen pines, which bridge the first leapings of the streams, the cruel wildcat creeps upon its prey as of yore.

Crushing down the blue bells and columbines in his path, the savage grizzly leaves his den at noonday, to loll his unwieldy bulk in the tall, moist grass on the lake margins.

My companion that night was a skillful mountaineer, one of that class of men now so rapidly becoming of the past.

A few ideal touches would make of him another "Leather-Stocking,"but these I shall not give.

A wife, and children share his home by one of the river sides, and accepting the change and thrift now coming his way, a busy saw mill earns their daily bread.

Yet at times the old hunter's fire re kindles once more, and then the trusty rifle is taken down.

Often in mid-winter his snowshoes are donned and where the wind cuts like a knife through the forest, the elk is surprised and slain.

Together we had passed the greater part of a July afternoon in climbing up a steep wooded ravine, that led from the canon, and which finally brought us out on top of a broad, level plateau, covered deeply with luxuriant grass, and dotted thickly with clumps of pine and aspen.

A beautiful park of nature's own making, it stretched away to the southward, far as the eye could reach, until lost to the sight in the soft, blue mysteries of distance.

Situated midway between two rival chains of mountains, the

Wasatch and Uintah, this lofty plateau occupied debatable ground.

It seemed neither to belong to the serrated ridges of the Wasatch on the right; nor to the peaks and domes of eastern Uintah on the left.

Looking upon the broad panorama of mountain and gorge, thus grandly spread out from before our feet, I had wished to see its features, lit up by the beams of the setting sun.

I had desired to see the purple

Wasatch shadows speed across the intervening space, and climb slowly the bare, rifted sides of Reed's Peak.

But this I was not destined to see.

When we first reached the plateau but few clouds were floating in the deep, blue sky, and the brilliant sunlight bathed the extended scene in a golden glow.

In patches of light the grass was of golden green, in shadow golden brown.

The myriad flowers strewn o'er the place, burned like so many jewels; for although mid-summer heat prevailed in the valleys below, in that high altitude was yet the reign of spring.

Screened by pine branches we had watched the graceful deer pass in long files from glade to glade, and seen the spotted fawn wanton by its mother's side like a playful kitten.

From time to time, the hot and busy bee, whizzed past our ears; the gaudy butterfly drifted on damask wings—all on the mountain tops was instinct with life, and with sylvan beauty.

As the evening approached, however, a change took place.

A sultry heat began to fill the air.

Over the assembled peaks at the canon head, a massy cumulus had formed, and advancing from out the west a multitude of long, grey, vapory clouds were attracted toward it, until with its mighty shadow, it

A MOUNTAIN NIGHT STORM.

darkened ten thousand acres, casting deep gloom on the region of a hundred lakes, the birth place of as many streams.

At the northern extremity of the plateau, sunk in a shaggy basin, was a sombre pool.

A narrow deer trail led down to its shore, but no velvet horned stag would lead the herd to drink whilst such an ominous silence brooded in earth and in air; guided by an unerring instinct, beast and bird alike had sought their closest shelter.

What a perfect picture of quietude was the pool, as we repassed it by; a glassy calm, unbroken, save only now and then, when a skating spider would lightly skim across, or the dancing gnats touch its face with a scarcely discernible ripple. How hushed and still!

Among the spear-like pines not the slightest motion; not the slightest waver in the purple blackness of their reflected image.

Not a sigh escaped from the forest branches, or whisper from the water's edge.

Nature below, seemed to wait, and be expectant, but overhead stood that vast spreading cloud, and now it was risen to such a toppling height that the highest peak was but as its footstool, and its brow was flushed with anger, and it wore a crest of flame, the gift of the retiring sun.

As we hurried back toward the ravine, night and the storm descended upon us at once.

Fierce and strong were the contending elements.

Hardly had the first big drops fallen, ere the wind, rushing by in wild haste, bent the pine tops earthward.

Shrieks and groans arose from the straining forest.

Then the darkness was cleft asunder by a stream of blinding light, and its leap from the clouds was instantly followed by the crash ofthe thunder. From every quarter of the compass, the electric fluid darted from ridge to ridge, or plunged into the canon below.

Dazed by incessant flashes, bewildered by the fury of the storm, we wandered on through many succeeding hours.

Now, their events dwell in my memory like the images of a troubled dream.

As I try to recall each separate fact, from out the mazy whole, I sense how lifeless, how powerless they will be to express the tumult, the furious warfare of that mountain storm—a wild symphony, in which sound and motion, light and darkness, bore each an equal part.

First came the finding of a slippery wood track, that was found, only to be lost again.

Then came our passing through a portion of the forest, that had been swept by fire;

involving us in a network of fallen timber, whilst in dread we watched the swaying of those blackened trunks yet standing.

For a distance we passed through dripping grass, and beneath the foliage of protecting boughs.

Then we crept on our hands and knees over a mass of granite debris;

to find ourselves at the foot of a barrier cliff, whose white walls, overhung by tossing foliage, started out spectral with every glare of light.

Here in exhaustion we made a pause, and under the beating rain, endeavored to find our bearings. A tumultuous torrent, born of the storm, hurried along beside us; with its noise, at least, it served as a guide to direct us to lower ground.

Then we made a fresh start;

with joined hands we move cautiously along the stream's enbankment, fearing each moment a fall into the rushing water, for the ground drenched to repletion crumbled away from beneath our feet.

At the end of another hour we found ourselves surrounded by a labyrinth of bushes from which there seemed no escape; and we became very weary, cold, and sleepy.

Rest our tired limbs we must and would;

we sought for some half sheltered spot where in spite of the storm we might pass the remaining hours of this, to us at least, long and miserable night.

Then it was, when we had grown half indifferent to wind and rain, that there came a flash of lightning, a flash of such intolerable brilliance, that we leaped to our feet with a bound.

There was no illumination of surrounding objects;

it was far two vivid for that, there was only its awful, snaky line, wreathed across the sky, surrounded by inky blackness.

The next flash that came,

ANALYSIS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

more distant, and which outlined against its course a delicate tracery of dripping leaves and branches was more than welcome, perhaps a vague suspicion, that we might never be able to see again, had entered our minds.

But the end of our trouble was now approaching.

Finally extricating ourselves from out the bushy maze, we came to a stretch of rounded boulders and soon afterwards heard the voice of the Weber River.

Led by this we found the beaten track; and as ill-luck or good seldom comes singly, the storm began to abate; or rather like a victorious army, it swept onward to other fields of conquest.

The booming of its heavy artillery, sounded more and more to the northeast.

In a short time but few drifting clouds could we see, and these but stragglers hastening forward to join the main body.

When in the distance we noticed a signal light, a herald of comfort, warmth and good cheer, the storm's advance was surely pouring into, and the battle beginning, among the defiles, and around the peaks of the far-off Wind River range.

Alfred Lambourne.

The works, and the designs, and the purposes of God cannot be frustrated, neither can they come to nought.

Doc.

and Cov.

ANALYSIS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

The reader of the Book of Mormon will do well to remember that it is a translation of a record inscribed on gold plates, which was an abridgment made from more extensive records kept by the ancient civilized peoples of America chiefly by the people known in the Book of Mormon as Nephites.

The abridgment, for the most part, is made by one Mormon, a Nephite prophet who was born 311 A. D., and slain by his enemies in the year 400 A. D.

The parts which are not his abridgment are the first one hundred and fifty-seven pages (N. E.), which brings us to the "words of Mormon,"page one hundred and fifty-eight;

and from page one hundred and sixtythree (N. E.), to the end of the volume—sixty pages.

This latter part of the record was made by Moroni, the son of Mormon, who was also the one who hid the plates containing his father's and his own abridgment, in the year 421 A. D.; and who having been raised from the dead, revealed the existence of these plates to Joseph Smith, on the twenty-first of September 1823.

The first one hundred and fifty-seven pages are a verbatim translation from what are known as the "smaller plates"of Nephi—we will explain:

The first Naphi, who left Jerusalem with a small company of colonists led out from that city by his father, Lehi, 600

B. C, and who afterwards became the leader, prophet, and their first king on the American continent, made two sets of plates, on which he purposed engraving the history of his people.

On the larger of these two sets, he engraved an account of his father's life, travels, prophecies, etc., together with his genealogy; and upon them he also recorded a full history of the wars and contentions of his people, as also their travels, and an account of the cities they founded and colonies they established.

These larger plates were preserved in the care of succeeding kings; and, in a word, upon them was written a full history of the rise and fall of the nations, which existed in America from the landing of this colony from Jerusalem to 400 A. D., a period of nearly one thousand years.

It is quite evident that as these plates were transmitted from king to king, or from one ruling judge of the republic to another, or given into the possession of a prophet, that they each recorded the historical events of his own day, and gave to such account his own name—hence Mormon found in these "larger plates"of Nephi, the Book of Mosiah, the Book of Alma, the Book of Helaman, etc.

ANALYSIS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Furthermore, it happened that there were colonies from time to time that drifted off into distant parts of the land, and became lost for a season to the main body of the people;

and there were missionary expeditions formed for the conversion of the Lamanites; and these parties, whether missionary or colonial, generally kept records, and when these colonists or missionary parties were found, or returned to the main body of the people, their records were incorporated within the main record, being kept by the historian—hence there was, sometimes, a book within a book, and the current of events was interrupted to record the history of these detached portions of the people, or some important missionary expedition.

Mormon, when abridging these plates of Nephi, gave to each particular division of his abridgment the name of the book from which he had taken his account of the events recorded—hence the Book of

Mosiah, Alma, Helaman and III and IV Nephi in his abridgment.

He also, in some instances at least, followed the subdivision we have alluded to, hence we have the record of Zeniff within the

Book of Mosiah (page 181, N. E.); the account of the church founded by the first Alma (page 213); and the account of the missionary expeditions of the sons of

Mosiah to the Lamanites within the Book of Alma (page 283).

Again we caution the reader to remember that the Book of Mormon is, for the most part, an abridgment of the "larger plates"of Nephi; but it is quite evident that Mormon frequently came to passages upon the plates of Nephi, which pleased him so well that he transcribed them upon the plates containing his abridgment, verbatim.

An example of this will be found beginning on page 163, in the second line of the ninth paragraph, and ending with page 169—the words of King

Benjamin to his people.

The words of King Benjamin are also renewed on page 170, in the second line of the fourth paragraph, and continue to the close of the chapter.

There are many such passages throughout Mormon's abridgment.

In addition to this, Mormon frequently introduces remarks of his own by way of comment, warning, prophecy or admonition, and since there is nothing in the text, neither quotation-marks nor a change of type to indicate where these comments, or what we might call annotations, begin or end, they are liable to confuse the reader—a difficulty that we hope will be obviated by this caution.

So much for Mormon's abridgment.

Now, to consider the part of the work done by his son Moroni.

This is from page 563 to the end of the volume.

He closes up the record of his father, Mormon, and then gives us an abridgment of the twenty-four plates of Ether, which were found in North America by the people of Limhi, in the second century

B. C.

; and then concludes his work with notes on the manner of ordaining priests and teachers, administering the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, baptism, spiritual gifts, together with a sermon and some letters of his father's.

In his abridgment of the record of the Jaredites, the peculiarity of mixing up his comments, admonitions and prophecies with his narrative, is even more marked than in the abridgment of Mormon, therefore the reader will need to be doubly on his guard.

We have already said that the first 157 pages of the Book of Mormon was not a part of Mormon's abridgment.

Those pages are a verbatim translation of the "smaller plates"of Nephi, and became connected with Mormon's abridgment in this manner: Mormon had abridged the "larger plates"of Nephi, as far as the reign of King Benjamin, and in searching through the records which had been delivered to him, he found these "smaller plates"of Nephi.

They contained a brief history of events connected with the departure of Lehi and his colony from Jerusalem to their landing in America, and thence down to the reign of this King Benjamin—covering a period of about four hundred years.

These plates were made by Nephi, that upon them might be engraven an account of the ministry of the servants of God, among his people, together with their

ANALYSIS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

prophecies and teachings.

They contain, in other words, an ecclesiastical history of the Nephites, while the "larger plates"of Nephi contained a political or secular history of the same people.

(See I Nephi ix; also xix, 1-5.) Mormon was particularly well pleased with the contents of these "smaller plates"of Nephi, because upon them had been engraven so many prophecies concerning the coming and mission of the Messiah; and instead of condensing their history into an abridgment, he took the plates and attached them to the abridgment of Nephi's "larger plates.""And this I do for a wise purpose,"says

Mormon, "for thus it vvhispereth me according to the Spirit of the Lord which is in me."(Words of Mormon, page 159, N. E.) Nephi, also, in speaking of these "smaller plates,"says, "the Lord hath commanded me to make these plates for a wise purpose in Him, which purpose I know not."(I Nephi ix, 5.) What that wise purpose was we shall see in a moment.

By Mormon attaching these "smaller plates"of Nephi to his own abridgment of Nephi's "larger plates,"it will be seen there was a double line of history of the Nephites for about four hundred years, and the wisdom of this arrangement is seen in the following:

When Joseph Smith had translated the first part of Mormon's abridgment amounting to one hundred and sixteen pages of manuscript, he listened to the importunities of Martin Harris, who was giving him some assistance in the work of translating, and who desired to show that portion of the work to his friends The result was the manuscript was stolen from him; the records were taken from Joseph, and he lost his power to translate for a season.

After a time, however, he was permitted to go on with the work, but the Lord made it known to him that it was the design of those, into whose hands the manuscript had fallen, to wait until he had translated that part again, and then by changing the manuscript in their possession would bring it forth and claim that he could not translate the same record twice alike;

and thus they would seek to overthrow the work of God.

But the heavenly messenger commanded Joseph Smith not to translate again the part he had translated, but instead thereof he should translate the "smaller plates"of Nephi, and that account should take the place of Mormon's abridgment up to the latter days of the reign of King Benjamin.

Thus it is that we have the "words of Mormon,"beginning on page 158, explaining how the "smaller plates"of Nephi came into his possession and attached to the plates containing the record he himself was making, and connecting the historical narrative of the "smaller plates"of Nephi with his own abridgment of Nephi's "larger plates."The "words of Mormon,"interrupting as they do the history of the Nephites, have caused no little confusion in the minds of unthoughtful readers; but after it is understood that they are merely the link connecting the ecclesiastical history engraven on the "smaller plates"of Nephi to Mormon's abridgment, and that they take the place of the first part of Mormon's record, the difficulty will disappear.

One thing I cannot forbear to mention, and that is, in the parts of the Book of

Mormon translated from the "smaller plates"of Nephi, we find none of these comments or annotations mixed up with the record that we have already spoken of as being peculiar to the abridgment made by Mormon—a circumstance, I take it, which proves the Book of Mormon to be consistent with the account given of the original records from which it was translated.

There will be found however, in this translation direct from the "smaller plates"of Nephi, as also in Mormon's abridgment, extracts from the Jewish scriptures—especially from the writings of Isaiah—this is accounted for by the fact that when Lehi's colony left Jerusalem, they took with them copies of the books of Moses and writings of the prophets, and a record of the Jews down to the commencement of the reign of Zedekiah, all of which were engraven on plates of brass (see I Nephi v, 10 13), and the Nephite historians

ANALYSIS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

transcribed passages from these sacred records into their own writings.

There are a few suggestions about these transcribed passages which may not be uninteresting to the reader, and which to the student will be invaluable, as they furnish an indirect evidence to the truth of the Book of Mormon.

The Nephites having transcribed passages from the brass plates they carried with them from

Jerusalem into their records, wherever such passages occur in the Book of Mormon, and corresponding passages are found in our English Bible, it will be seen by the reader that so far we have two translations of the writings of the old Hebrew prophets; and it will be found on comparison that the passages in the Book of Mormon are stronger and more in keeping with the sense sought to be expressed by the prophet than the corresponding passages and chapters in the Bible.

As a proof of this I ask the reader to compare I Nephi, xx and xxi, with Isaiah, xlvii and xlix.

In some instances there are sentences, in the Book of Mormon version of passages from Isaiah, not to be found in our

English version as witness the following:

Book of Mormon.

Bible.

O house of Jacob, O house of Jacob, come ye and let us walk come ye and let us walk in the light of the Lord;

in the light of the Lord.

yea, come, Jor ye have—Isaiah, ii, J.

all gone astray, every one to his wicked ways.

II Nephi, xii, j.

In other instances it will be found that the sense of the passages is different, and that the passages in the Book of Mormon best accord with the sense of the whole, as witness the following:

Book of Mormon.

Bible.

Therefore, O Lord, Therefore hast Thou Thou hast forsaken Thy forsaken Thy people, people, the house of thehouseofJacob.beJacob, because they be cause they replenished replenished from the from the east, and are east, and hearken unto soothsayers like the soothsayers like the Phillistines, and they Philhstines, and they please themselves with please themselves with the children of strangthe children of Strangers.

Isaiah, ii, 6.

ers.—// Nephi, xii, 6.

Their land is also full Their land also is full of idols—they worship of idols;

they worship the work of their own the work of their own hands, that which their hands, that which their own fingers have made;

own fingers have made;

and the mean man bowand the mean man boweth not down, and the eth down, and the great great man humbleth man humbleth himself;

himself not, therefore, therefore, forgive him forgive him not.—// not.

Isaiah, ii, 8, 9.

Nephi, xii, 8, 9.

Thou hast multiplied Thou hast multiplied the nation, and inthe nation, and not increased the joy:

they creased the joy:

they joy before thee accordjoy before thee according to the joy in harvest, ingto the joy in harvest, and as men rejoice and as men rejoice when they divide the when they divide the spoil.—// Nephi.xixj.

spoil.

Isaiah, ix, 3.

Observe, too, the difference in the clearness of the following passages:

Book of Mormon.

Bible.

And when they shall And when they shall say unto you, seek unto say unto you, seek unto them that have familiar them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizspirits, and unto wizzards that peep and zards that peep;ind mutter;

should not a that mutter; should not people seek unto their a people seek unto God?

for the living to their God?

for the livhear from the dead?

ing to the dead.

// Nephi, xviii, 19.

Isaiah, viii, i<p.

Again, the English translators of the Bible, in the translations sometimes, to make the sense of various passages more clear, inserted, here and there, words of their own; which are always written in italics, that the reader may know what words have been inserted by the translator, and for which he will find no exact equivalent in the original text.

It is worthy of note that in those transcribed passages from the brass plates into the

Book of Mormon, in almost every instance, the words in the Book of Mormon version are different to those substituted by the translators of the common English version; or are left out, as follows:

Book of Mormon.

Bible.

What mean ye?

ye What mean ye that beat my people to ye beat my people to pieces, and grind the pieces, and grind the faces of the poor.—// faces of the poor?

Nephi, xiii, /j.

Isaiah, /ii, /j.

The above is a case where the inserted

MODERN AND ANCIENT ARIZONA.

word of the translator, which I have written in italics, is omitted, and to my mind the passage as it stands in the Book of Mormon is stronger, more beautiful, because more harmonious.

Here is a passage where different words are used than those inserted by the translators:

Book of Mormon.

Say unto the righteous, that it is well with them; for they shall eat the fruit of their doings.

Woe unto the wicked!

for they shall perish;

for the reward of their hands shall be upon them.—// Nephi, xiii, 10, 11.

Bible Say ye unto the righteous, that it shall be well zvith him:

for they shall eat the fruit of their doings.

Woe unto the wicked!

it shall be ill with him;

for the reward of his hands shall be given him.—Isaiah, Hi, 10,11.

I think it will be readily conceded that the above passage as it stands in the Book of Mormon is much superior to the version given in our common Bible, indeed it is so throughout.

And when it is remembered that Joseph Smith and those who assisted in the work of translation were most likely uninformed as to the words supplied by the translators and their being written in italics, it is an incidental evidence that those passages in the Book of Mormon to which are found corresponding passages in the

Bible were not merely copied from the

Bible, but in the Book of Mormon we have really another translation of those passages taken from original records of the Hebrews, uncorrupted by the hand of man, and hence more perfect.

B. H. Roberts.

MODERN AND ANCIKNT ARIZONA.

To the lover of scientific and antiquarian research Arizona presents a very interesting field for study.

To the most superficial observer it is apparent that many and great changes have taken place in that land, not only in regard to its inhabitants but in its physical character.

To more clearly illustrate these changes let us briefly glance at the present condition of the natives as compared with those who anciently dwelt there;

and also contrast the present physical aspect of the Territory with that it exhibited in the dim, shadowy past.

To-day we find Arizona peopled by various Indian tribes, as Apaches, Yumas,

Maricopas, Papagos, Zunis and others, who, as a rule are sunk in the depths of superstition and barbarism.

They gain a scanty subsistence by hunting and fishing, gathering the beans of the Mesquite tree, and by cultivating very small areas of land in corn and squashes.

A notable exception to this general rule is found in the Maricopa tribe, who raise annually from six to eight million pounds of wheat in the Salt River valley and produce thousands of pounds of sugar from the cane.

But these Indians are only a small portion of the whole.

Of architecture they have no idea, and but little knowledge if any of the industrial arts, except such as pertain to the fabrication of their weapons, the dressing of skins, the weaving of blankets, the manufacture of rude pottery, and the making of baskets and water vessels of willows, elegant inform and of excellent workmanship. We here remark, in passing, that the Apaches on the San Carlos reservation, under the fostering hand of the government, are making satisfactory progress in farming and fruit culture; and that Indian children in the schools make as fair advancement in their studies as white children of the same age;

and this, to those who desire the advancement and redemption of the sons of Lehi, is very pleasing.

Taken as a whole, however, the social condition of the Indian is miserable and degraded, and their numbers but few, probably not exceeding one person to ten square miles of Territory.

But it has not always been so.

Many evidences present themselves everywhere that in some former time Arizona

MODERN AND ANCIENT ARIZONA.

has been densely populated.

Especially is this true of the valley of the Gila or

Pueblo Viejo (old town) as it has been known for more than three centuries;

also in the great plain watered by the lower Gila and the Salt river.

These districts afford abundant proof that anciently an immense population—perhaps not less than a million—cultivated these vast areas of fertile land.

One may ride miles in any direction and find the ground covered everywhere with fragments of ancient pottery, and with the remains ot foundations of houses and of cities.

In the Salt River plains may be seen portions of immense canals, much greater in width and depth than any that have been made since by the whites, and so located as to cover a vast area of arable land.

Similar remains exist in the Pueblo Viejo valley of the Gila;

in some cases these ancient canals lead out from canons which 4o not furnish any streams, nor even the smallest spring, and to all appearance have not done so for generations back.

The same may be said of portions of northern and western

Arizona.

In the Pueblo Viejo valley the whole country is covered with the foundations and mounds of ancient buildings.

As a general thing their dwellings were erected without much regard to order, but were placed anywhere, as the caprice of the builder dictated. The rooms were generally small, being usually from twelve to sixteen feet square; but other buildings which seem to have been of a public nature, were very large, their ruins forming mounds of considerable area and height.

A large city once stood on the north side of the Gila more than two miles wide and four long; and from one of its mounds many curious relics were exhumed some years ago by

Major McCrary, United States paymaster, who, with a party from Fort Gibson, made a partial exploration.

Among other things he found an earthen vessel exactly in the form of our common iron tea-kettle with the exception of the bale or handle which was wanting.

In many places earthen jars have been found a few feet below the surface containing human bones, which speedily crumbled into dust when exposed to the air, though apparently perfect and solid when exhumed.

This betokens great antiquity—a theory greatly strengthened by our knowledge that this form of burial was prevalent more than two thousand years ago in the eastern hemisphere, and was doubtless equally so upon the western.

Many battle axes and those for cutting wood have been found, formed of a very hard, close grained, blackish stone, which will hold an edge sufficiently keen t« cut wood.

The battle axes usually weigh from one to two pounds, the wood axes generally two or three times as much Each has a groove cut around it which formerly held a thong confining it to the handle.

It must have been a formidable weapon in the hand of the ancient Nephite or Jaredite warrior.

They are beautifully formed and must have required much time and labor in their fabrication.

These weapons and tools also evince great antiquity; for it is known that in Europe what is known as the stone age—that which preceded the use of implements of iron or of bronze dates back fully four thousand years.

Besides these tools, other stone implements have been exhumed, of singular form, the use of which can only be conjectured;

but which the savants of the Smithsonian Institute, Washington, believe to have been connected with their temples and religious ceremonies.

While Arizona possesses no ancient ruins worthy, for a moment, to be compared with those of Mexico or Central America, yet the Territory is not entirely destitute of such remains.

At Casas Grandes (big houses), and also near Phcenix and Mesa may be seen to-day ruins of stone buildings, whose crumbling walls even now have a height of twenty to thirty feet; and as they appear to-day, so they did three hundred and fifty years ago, when first discovered by the early Spanish explorers, Coronado,

Ximenes and others, who were hunting for the supposed seven cities of Cibola, which the Spaniards believed to be full of gold and precious stones, but which,

MODERN AND ANCIENT ARIZONA.

it is needless to say, they never found.

From Caronado's description, these ruins must have appeared as ancient then as they do now.

Their extraordinary preservation is probably due to the dryness of the atmosphere and absence of frost.

No doubt these ruins are all that now remain of some of the Nephite cities, and may date back fifteen to twenty centuries.

In addition to these relics of an ancient civilization may be found those of more recent date—the cliff dwellers, who %>rmed their habitations by cutting chambers in the solid rock.

These excavations are found high up the face of perpendicular cliffs, and are sometimes quite extensive, one room leading to another by small openings or doorways, and must have cost an immense expenditure of time and labor.

These locations were evidently selected with a view to safety and defense, against a powerful foe, who in the end exterminated their inhabitants.

In some of these chambers have been found charred kernels of corn and large earthen jars or ollas for the storage of water in time of danger; and so long as these supplies held out the inhabitants of these dwellings were almost absolutely safe from any foe.

These chambers are frequently found at an elevation of one or two hundred feet above the valle'y beneath, and only accessible by a narrow pathway cut in the rock and wide enough for but one person at a time, and from which a single misstep would hurl him to destruction.

In viewing these scenes one is filled with thought too deep for utterance, as he is carried far back in imagination to the dim and misty ages of the past.

One may almost feel the shadowy presence of the ancient denizens of these lonely and wierd habitations may almost see the attack—the unavailing defense—the retreat to these strongholds—the attempted surprise—and finally the siege established in hope that famine and thirst might do what force cannot;

and when hunger has done its work and the shrunken arm can no longer defend wife and home, we may almost hear the last despairing cry mingling with triumphant shout as the weak and tottering inmates are hurled to jagged rocks beneath, the silence of death settling over all.

But all is mystery. These cliff dwellers have left no records.

They have not engraved upon tablets of brick or stone, nor painted upon walls—as the Babylonians and Egyptians have done—any record of their lives or history.

They may have been a remnant of the Nephites, who vainly sought safety during the last bloody wars that wrought their final destruction, endeavoring, amid these rocks and cliffs to preserve a little longer a fearful and harassed existence.

But it may be that time will yet lift the veil, and reveal their life, their history and final destruction, and we must wait.

It is evident that great climatic and physical changes have occurred in Arizona since first it became inhabited-.

To-day we find imjnense tracts of land as in Utah, Nevada and Wyoming, utterly desert and sterile for want of rain and living streams;

these parched districts having sometimes an area of many hundred square miles.

But in Arizona, these deserts now so dry and thirsty, are covered with portions of ancient canals where now not even the smallest spring is found.

Where these canals are now seen, waters must have formerly abounded to fill them; and these streams must have been kept up by a more or less abundant rainfall not now existing.

Besides this, these deserts are filled with ruined walls and foundations of ancient buildings and other evidences of a former numerous population, whose fields could not produce the crops necessary to their support without irrigating water.

What has caused this cessation of the rains and consequent drying up of springs and streams?

We learn from the Book of Mormon that at the time of the crucifixion of the

Savior mighty convulsions of the earth occurred, resulting in such great physical changes in its surface, that as the historian says,—"the whole face of the land became changed.

Cities sunk and lakes covered their former sites; in other places mountains arose from the plain, and

LEGITIMATE FICTION.

'33 others vanished from sight.

The meteorological changes referred to above afford a strong proof of the statements in the Book of Mormon in relation to the physical changes in the land, since we know that climate and rainfall are greatly influenced by the contour of the earth's surface.

Striking examples of this are familiar to all, in the Andes of South America and their continuation in the United States.

The winds of the Pacific heavily charged with moisture, in their progress eastward strike those high ranges;

the moisture is condensed and falls upon the western slopes in the form of copious rains, producing a luxuriant vegetation and numberless springs, rivulets and streams;

while the eastern slopes are dry and desert, for want of moisture from the clouds, and very destitute of springs and running water.

Another and very interesting witness to Arizona's former abundant rainfall is found in those vast tracts of ancient forest now strewn with petrified trunks of trees, many of them being of great diameter and length.

These petrified trees, of an extreme hardness, show perfectly the grain of the wood, the knots and the bark, and are so natural in appearance as frequently to deceive the traveler, who discovers they are not real wood only when he handles them.

In some cases these prostrate, silicious forests extend for miles, in districts now so dry and parched that only the most scanty andstunted vegetation is produced—the copious rains that once nourished them have ceased, and the glory of the forest has departed.

But what has been may again be, and it is not impossible that some now living may witness the return of the "former and latter rains,"iust as we expect to see them in the land of Palestine ere many years shall pass.

Santiago.

Without order happiness is limited.

LEGITIMATE FICTION.

Mr. Justin McCarthy in his survey of English literature of the latter years of Queen Victoria's reign, in speaking of the works of Charles Reade, says:

"In Mr.

Reade's more recent works, the author began to devote himself to the illustration of some social or legal grievance calling for reform, and people began to understand that a new branch of the art of novel-writing was in process of development, the special gift of which was to convert a parliamentary blue-book into a work of fiction.

The treatment of criminals in prison and in far-off penal settlements;

the manner in which patients are dealt with in private lunatic asylums, became the main subject and backbone of the new style of novel, instead of the misunderstandings of lovers, the trials of honest poverty, or the struggles for ascendancy in the fashionable circles of Belgravia.

He takes the hard and naked facts as he finds them in some newspaper, or in the report of some parliamentary commission, and so fuses them into the other material whereof his romance is to be made up, that it would require a chemical analysis to separate the fiction from the reality."Mr. Reade, in speaking of his peculiar style of work, says:

"I have taken a few undeniable truths out of many, and have labored to make my readers realize those appalling facts of the day, which most men know, but not one in a thousand realizes until fiction—which, whatever you may have been told to the contrary, is the highest, noblest, and greatest of all the arts—comes to his aid, studies, penetrates, digests the hard facts of chronicles and blue-books, and makes the dry bones live."I think, however, that Mr. McCarthy is mistaken in supposing that Mr. Reade had invented a new style of novel.

Long before his day fiction was employed in fighting social and political abuses.

Mr.

Reade merely applied it to the illustration of abuses in prisons, asylums and work-houses, as others before him had applied it in illustrating other evils, principles, and especially the dry facts of history.

In this connection I hesitate not in making the assertion that more people owe their knowledge of the his-

!34 LEGITIMATE FICTION.

tory of Europe, and especially of England and Scotland, and of the social customs and manners under the Feudal system, to the novels of Sir Walter Scott, and the historical plays of Shakspeare, than to the works of Hallam, Smith, Hume or Macaulay; or for that matter, to all historians combined.

It cannot be denied, however, that fiction has enlarged its field of late, until it has brought within its sphere all manner of subjects, social, political, religious and almost philosophical;

as well as history—the affairs of the heart, "the trials of honest poverty,"and the "struggle for ascendancy in fashionable circles."Indeed we may say, in common parlance, it has become quite the rage, now, if a new idea is to be presented to the world, or an old idea maintained, to write a novel, in which the aforesaid ideas are developed, either favorably or otherwise.

Of this character is the latest English novel of Mrs. Humphrey

Ward.

It is becoming quite fashionable with what the world are pleased to call the advanced school of thinkers to doubt the Christian facts, the facts on which the Christian religion is based.

They regard Christ's heavenly parentage—as to his Father, his miracles—healing the sick, making the blind to see, the lame to walk, the deaf to hear—his atonement, his resurrection, his glorious ascension into heaven, as all myths invented by designing men, who practiced on the credulity of the ignorant masses.

To illustrate these ideas and make them triumphant, Mrs. Ward wrote Robert Elsmere.

To work out her thought she calls into existence a young Church of

England minister—Robert Elsmere—

a graduate of Oxford, though not firmly settled in his theological opinions;

an infidel, of a strong intellectual type;

a fanatical clergyman, who is for believing all the nonsense of orthodox theology, even against the stomach of his sense, and the manifest absurdities of its creeds; a low churchman of liberal ideas, yet unwilling to break with the established church and add to the religious confusion of the times, who seeks to reform within the church; an agnostic, "a fellow"—to use a definition of the term by the late Henry Ward Beecher—"a fellow that don't know,"and in this case one who don't know his own mind even in so small a matter as to whether he wants a certain young lady to be his wife or not, and jilts her twice; a woman of a puritan type of character—the wife of Elsmere—chaste, as snow is white;

but unfortunately as cold as ice, that is, unsympathetic in her nature, with scarcely a thought in common with her husband, contracted in her views, as such people generally are;

completing the principals with a younger sister of Mrs. Elsmere's—a half-hoiden, one who loves art, especially music, and the world, and really the only warm-hearted, lovable female character in the book.

These characters, and a few other minor ones, are brought into such situations that the orthodox faith of Robert Elsmere is torn into shreds by the heavy artillery of the infidel; the agnostic and the fanatical orthodox minister are made to bear about equal portions of sarcasm and ridicule; the low churchman dies in honor; the infidel barely escapes committing suicide, only to die insane, and Elsmere is permitted to gather up sufficient from the wreck of his former faith to organize a new Christian (?) brotherhood, in accordance with the ideas of the advanced Christian thinkers; but before it is fairly established he dies of consumption;

but on every hand the author seeks to leave her dear idea, viz: that all that is worthy of surviving in Christianity—its morality and unselfishness, and restraining powers, can exist without a belief that Jesus was a God, without regarding him as a redeemer, or believing in the resurrection.

However much we may dissent from the conclusion of Mrs.

Ward, her work is an admirable example of the novel and novel-writing that is now becoming the "rage."On the other hand, and on this side of the Atlantic, General Lew Wallace has given us a novel—"Ben Hur"—the main object of which is to establish the verity of the Christian facts;

and on the whole, I think, he will be more sue-

1. EGJ 7 IMA TE F1C TJOiW '35 cessful in his effort than Mrs. Ward will be in hers.

But what in the main I wish to call attention to is the fact that it is becoming generally recognized that the medium of fiction is the most effectual means of attracting the attention of the general public and instructing them.

The dry facts of a theory respecting social reform must be made to live in persons and work out the results desired.

The essayist is a character of the past, the novelist of a certain type is taking his place.

Nor is this style of fiction confined to these modern days;

it existed in very ancient times, as witness the life of Cyrus by Xenophon.

As Cicero says to his brother Quintus, in a letter, "The design of Xenophon in writing the life of Cyrus, was not so much to follow truth, as to give a model of a just government,"and

I might add, of a prince and a man.

To show how effective this style of composition was in the hands of such a master as Xenophon, I introduce an incident which he relates of Cyrus in the before mentioned work.

When Cyrus was some twelve years of age he was taken by his mother, Mandane, to visit his grandfather, Astyages, king of Media.

Here everything was different from what Cyrus had been accustomed to in Persia.

Voluptuousness, intemperance, pride and magnificence were characteristic of it.

When the time came for Cyrus to return, a great feast was gotten up in his honor, for he had become a general favorite at the court of Media.

At this feast Cyrus was permitted to distribute the meats as he saw proper, which he did, giving such quality and quantity to each of the King's officers, agreeable to his own fancy or pleasure; to one because he had taught him to ride; to another, because he waited well upon his grandfather; to another, because he took great care of his mother;

but to the King's cup-bearer he gave nothing.

This officer being the one who introduced those who had an audience with the king, and not having procured that privilege for Cyrus as often as he desired it, he was no great favorite with the prince who took this opportunity of showing his resentment.

King Astyages was displeased at the slight given one for whom he had a particular regard;

because, as he said, of the graceful dexterity with which he served him.

"Is that all papa!"said young Cyrus, "if that be sufficient to merit your favor, you shall see I will quickly obtain it;

for I will take it upon me to serve you better than he."He left the banquet hall soon to return with a napkin over his shoulder, and holding the cup filled with wine gracefully with three fingers, he approached the king to whom he presented the cup with such charming dexterity and grace that he won the applause of all present, but most of all the praises of the king;

"O, Sacas! poor Sacas!"meaning the cup-bearer, "thou art undone;

I shall take thy place!"exclaimed the young prince as he kissed the king.

Only one ceremony he had omitted, that of pouring a little wine into the left hand and tasting it before handing it to the king, and to this his grandfather now called his attention: "I am mighty well pleased, my dear child: no body can serve me with a better grace; but you have forgotten one essential ceremony, which is that of tasting.""No, it is not through forgetfulness that I omitted the ceremony,"replied the young prince.

"Why then, for what reason did you do it?""Because I apprehended there was poison in the liquor.""Poison, child!

How could you think so?""Yes, poison, papa, for not long ago, at an entertainment you gave the lords of your court, after the guests had drunk a little of that liquor, I perceived all their heads were turned;

they sang, made a noise, and talked they did not know what; you yourself seemed to have forgotten that you were king, and they, that they were subjects;

and when you would have danced, you could not stand upon your legs. ""Why, have you never seen the same thing happen to your father?"broke in the king.

"No, never,"replied Cyrus.

"How is it with him then when he drinks?""Why, when he has drunk, his thirst is quenched, and that's all."

It matters not much to us whether the

i 3 6 TO ROSLIN CHAPEL AND SURROUNDINGS.

foregoing actually occurred or not.

There stands a glorious lesson on intemperance;

more impressive than a lengthy homily from the church on the subject; more effective than any mere scientific treatment of the subject, with its learned terms and cold moral precepts could be;

at the same time it pleases the fancy with its dramatic force and beautiful simplicity.

I can see no harm in such fiction as this; on the contrary, I recognize an effective and pleasing method of teaching doctrine, illustrating principle, exhibiting various phases of character, and making the facts of history at once well known, and giving them an application to human conduct.

This class of fiction, indeed, is working its way into our own literature; and stories illustrating the evils overtaking young women, who marry those not of our faith, have appeared both in the Juvenile Instructor and the Contributor.

Nor do I think any one reading those stories can doubt their effectiveness; and I am of the opinion that this style of teaching can be employed successfully in other directions.

I hope these remarks will not be construed into a defense of those inflammatory, sensational novels,

Which, kindling a combustion of desire

With some cold moral think to quench the fire—

Though all their engineering proves in vain,

The dribbling stream ne'er puts it out again.

Such works of fiction cannot be too much condemned, nor too severely barred entrance into the household, especially the households of the Saints; and with

Cowper I could wish:

A verse had power and could command, Far, far away these flesh flies from the land;

Who fasten without mercy on the fair, And suck and leave a craving maggot there!

For with him I agree that Such writers and such readers owe the gust

And relish of their pleasure all to lust.

But while the class of fiction which snivels and drivels folly without end, and is composed of "sentimental frippery and dream,"and which mars what it would mend—is to be condemned;

it by no means follows that the great works of Scott, Lytton, Thackeray, Dickens, Browning, George Elliot and Victor Hugo are also to be condemned.

To bar such works as these from our homes or libraries would be to deny ourselves access to the richest treasures of English literature.

Horatio.

Yea, if they will come, they may, and partake of the waters of life freely.

Contented minds are more conducive to happiness than riches, glory or fame.

In one lifework let us remember that it will profit us but little if we gain a world of wealth and lose contentment and happiness.

TO ROSLIN CHAPEL AND SURROUNDINGS.

He sat there, perched on a high seat;

his red coat of the hunting fashion, in strange contrast with the surroundings;

his patent boot tops, enclosing a pair of seemly calves, shining, as did his polished silk hat, in the sun, like volcanic glass.

He was a picture.

His face was broad as his dialect, adorned on either side with a very pretty pair of Prince Albert sideburns, which had the effect of making his face full as wide as it was long.

His costume was the "'untsman's,"though the man himself was as

Scotch as they are generally manufactured. Over a pair of fairly good horses, which seemed very well disposed to stay where they were, and yet not altogether lazy in appearance, he held the lines in an easy grasp.

There was in the wagonette room for perhaps nine or a dozen.

We paid our shilling each, mounted, and waited for still enough of other stragglers to make up a load, before the individual described would wheel about and make for Roslin Chapel, whither we had determined to spend the day.

The wagonette stood on Princes

TO ROSLIN CHAPEL AND SURROUNDINGS.

'37 Street, Edinburgh, and to those who have not seen it on a summer or spring morning, it will hardly be credited when it is declared to be the most beautiful street in the world.

Certainly, it has never been my good fortune to see another like it, or nearly so beautiful.

Soon the vehicle was comfortably filled and we started.

We passed the Cannongate, which led down to the Holyrood palace on one side, High Street on the other, that led to the old cross, and passed the Tron church in "Auld Edinboro;"then through a mile and a half of shops; passing later a mile of suburban residences, and at last among the green fields and full out into the country, with the grateful smell of grass and fresh leaves, and the wide prospect of green and trees, in exchange for the city's vile odors, and houses, and people.

Once before, and once only, on a quiet evening when the shadows were deepening, I had heard the lark, and seen it lift into the air from among the short grass, singing and singing, higher and higher, darting up a little, and then singing, once more a little higher, and again seeming to pause to sing, until it was no longer within the reach of my vision, though the sweet sounds still fell upon the ear, telling that it was above me, perhaps still rising, how far I knew not.

And then there fell upon the heart a commingling of wonderment, and of melancholy, and peace, and awe, that was sweet and reverent, and I stood long and listened till the sound died away and darkness covered the face of the earth.

Strange, is it not, how the same occurrence is so differently colored by other surroundings? The lark that arose from the meadows this morning, flooding the sunlight with cheerful sounds, had nothing of awe and melancholy, of peace or wonderment, in its song.

Glad and so full of joy was the song, that it filled the little world of that day with the promise of a happiness already assured, yet intensified because of it.

. "Ye see that hoose, there?"said the man in the '"unting"coat and boots.

My friend and I nodded assent as we turned our eyes to the house surrounded by trees, and lonely enough looking, toward which his whip directed.

"The man wha owns yon hoose is awa on a weddin'toor we his young bride.

He's achty year auld, and the bride's abin five and seeventy.

The woman had a hoosekeeper wha was aboot achty hersel', and when they gin awa'she wanted to tak the hoosewife we her;

but he wudna ha'it.

He telt the bride that he didna think it wud look weel ta see anither woman traipsing aboot the country we sic a young couple."

This lively bit of information was all he communicated during the trip out.

He designed it as a joke.

We were too much overcome to respond.

A pleasant morning, and a pleasant ride we had.

It happened to be a day when services were being held in the chapel;

but arriving late, we were shut out from the chapel, unless disposed to pay a shilling for the blessed privilege of getting in.

I may be mistaken, but it occurred to me that morning that there was, in the whole of this country, no curiosity, worthy to be seen, that some titled gent has not got his thumb on, and which he exhibited for a given sum to those willing to pay for it.

What the difference is between an English lord selling a look at a ruin that has fallen to him as an heritage, and a Punch and Judy man who collects his pence from the idle gazers, is one of those things I have been unable to discover.

To an untutored mind it would seem that the Punch and Judy man, inasmuch as he makes his living because of his own efforts and must possess some talents, however trifling they may be, has the manly advantage over the inheriting upstart.

This titled lord, the Earl of Roslin, was not too proud to demand the fee of twenty-four cents before the curious were permitted to see his poppy show—the chapel, and an additional sixpence for the rapture of gaining admission to that part of his estate where the ruins of a feudal castle exist and where his cows are permitted to feed.

We bought admission to the cow range, grateful for a magnanimity, that,

i3« 10 ROSLIN CHAPEL AND SURROUNDINGS.

for a paltry sixpence, enabled us to enjoy the company of his royal milk producers.

The old castle had, one could almost believe, been built into a bank of earth, once laved by the waters of the Esk, before it had dwindled into a mountain river, not unlike our trout streams in the mountains in September or October; and before it had washed for itself a channel much farther off and much deeper, until to-day it was a walk of fully half a mile from the old castle to where the river sang on its way to the sea.

Well, this old castle had, one could readily believe, been built within close proximity to the broad stream of older days.

All that remained of it was too floors, the upper one being just even with the walk that leads to it.

A steep descent brought us to the lower rooms, but we cannot pass in without noting the beauty of the surroundings.

The ravine through which the Esk courses, lies before, though the stream is unseen and unheard.

And there are trees; the fir, in thick profusion on the opposite side, and between that point and where we stand, the eternal green, everywhere to be seen in the valleys of this dear land, where man will not, by his persistent interference, drive it away.

Some fuchsias, a wall flower or two, and a rose bush in bloom, with some other blossoms brighten the spot on nearer view and relieve the dingy stone walls of something of their hard appearance.

We enter.

Age and damp have made the interior anything but inviting.

The little windows of former times admit barely enough of light to enable us to see where we are going.

There had never been floors here, and it is doubtful if the place were ever really dry.

At the extreme end there were one or two rooms in which the light of day, or the rays of the blessed sun never entered.

Here, it may have been, those who, in feudal times, or during the wars with the covenanters, or the religious strifes that have disgraced Scotland no less than England, had incurred the displeasure or the hatred of the lords of this primitive castle, were cast, until the wrath or jealousy of the captor had been appeased.

Who can tell what tales these dark walls may some day reveal, when the sounds of the years gone by, when the words of the Savior on the shores of

Galilee, when the thunderings upon Mount Sinai, shall live again to our senses?

In the day when the ear is quickened so that all the souuds of the past, now seemingly lost and dead, are recognized as still living in the world, awaiting the great day in which all shall be heard and made known, what dying groans may escape from out these dusty chambers?

what pleadings for mercy?

what defiance? what curses and threatenings?

what words of hope uttered by lips then fair and fresh, but now long mingled with the ashes of the earth? and what wild laughter and what silvery replies to impassioned pleadings, may come to the new born sense, God alone and the angels may know.

But they have a tale, these walls, that must some day be told.

They were a different race of men then, barbaric, my noble Earl of Roslin may now be ready to say.

And yet, so far as all that is to be admired in man goes, heaven high above this day's degenerate possessor of their grounds.

They fought and died for their rights.

Their titles by right of their good swords they held, and inherited that which warlike spirits gave them as a birthright.

Ah, what a fall, from hero to showman!

Having viewed the ruins we strolled down to the river and following the windings of the sweet Esk, for close on a mile, until the!way was barred by a fence, inside which stands the home of the earl I have just been praising.

It is called Hawthornden Castle—Hawthornden, doubtless, because of the sweet scented thorne, that in the quiet night, and through the sun of noon, and when evening shadows longer grow, and the tender twilight descends, or when the morning birds fill the new born day with their chirps and lusty notes, scents the air with its grateful perfume in the season of its blossom.

As it cost sixpence to gain admission to the grounds and see the damp ruins of a castle that once was, and a shilling for the privilege of enter-

TO ROSLIN CHAPEL AND SURROUNDINGS.

ing an ancient church wherein the word of God is alleged sometimes to be preached, we dared not even dream of the cost of getting inside the new castle;

and, awed at the magnitude of the thought, retraced our steps along the same winding path, listening to the soothing murmurs of the river, scenting the wild flowers that grow in rich profusion around.

One flower, because of its pure whiteness, and the rank profusion in which it grew, attracted the attention of my friend, who has always been blessed with an eye for beauty, come in whatever questionable shape it might.

He gathered a number, entwined them in his hat, button holed them in his coat, and generally [converted himself into a "queen of the May, mother."Returning, he remarked, there was a very peculiar odor about the spot and proposed that we hasten away.

I noticed it myself upon his approach, and it grew stronger as he neared me.

We hurried on, but the unknown fragrance followed with a strength and a persistence that was inexplicable.

We reached the open space.

It was there.

We went to the old ruins.

It was there. We tried to run away from ourselves, when I saw a little child pick up one of the flowers my friend had, in his flight, dropped,; and heard her, a moment later, exclaim:

''Mamma, see what a bad smell this flower has."I stopped my friend, grabbed some of the flowers, put them to my nose and all but fainted.

He watched me, also smelled the flowers, sank on the ground, and, with a last effort, seized all he had adorned himself with, threw them as far as he could and then crawled as rapidly as his fainting condition permitted, in the opposite direction.

He had discovered a bed of flowering garlic.

It was a month before he recovered his wonted sweetness.

Now, I've come to a point where the chapel must be spoken about, despite the opposition I feel to the poppy show fee of the titled owner.

What can be said?

That it is beautiful?

Yes.

That it is large?

No.

That it attracts hundreds of visitors yearly?

Yes.

That it is worth twenty-five cents to get inside of it when that is all the money a fellow has?

No, indeed!

It is one of the most finely decorated and well preserved specimens of ecclesiastical architecture in the whole of Scotland.

A Mr. Britton says:

"This building may be pronounced unique, and will be found curious, elaborate, and singularly interesting."Who Mr. Britton is, the photograph, from the back of which this quotation is taken, does not say, but he manifestly contrives to tell very little about the chapel; and, blessed be his name, is not given much space in which to say it.

It is impossible to designate the architecture of this chapel by any given name or term familiar to architects.

The variety and eccentricity of its parts are not to be defined by any words of common architectural acceptation.

It is, however, alleged to be a combination of the styles prevalent in the Norman age with a strong leaning toward the minute decorations of the later Tudors.

It was founded in 1446 by William St. Clair, Earl of Orkney and Roslin. At the revolution of 1668 it was partly defaced by a mob from Edinburgh, which is between six and seven miles distant, but was repaired in the following century by General St.

Clair.

The striking peculiarity of the chapel is the detail everywhere to be seen.

Westminster Abbey, while a mammoth building, lacks the imposing character of other structures of much less note, because so much of carving has been done on the exterior;

and, naturally, the work will not last as long as where the portions exposed to the extremes of heat and cold, and drought and wet, are solid and uncut.

This is true of Roslin Chapel, though the interior is beautiful indeed, because of the vast amount of labor done and the skill of the stone carving.

In the rear of the chapel are two pillars that stand opposite each other.

They are supports on either side of the building.

Around one of these pillars (for they are materially different), from the base to the top, run three garlands or wreaths, cut in the

MEDIOCRITY.

stone, as though they had been wrapped or draped about the pillar proper.

It is said these two pillars, both of which are very beautiful, are the work of master and apprentice, and that they had bantered each other to see which of the two would show the finer pillar.

When finished, the master is charged with having been so incensed because of the greater beauty of the work of the apprentice, that he murdered him.

It is also asserted, by guide book authority, that there is great disparity in the work, which not only proves it to belong to different ages, but that the work done in the same age, was largely by men who had little care as to its appearance.

Side by side with that which is truly beautiful is that also which betrays gross negligence or incompetence. And yet it is one of the notable spots about Edinburgh, and, as before stated, is visited yearly by thousands.

But the more we thought of the admission fee, the angrier we became until our choler reached a point where it was as plentiful as our "siller"was short.

So we did not go in.

And, contenting ourselves with a good look at the exterior, and the purchase of a book on the place, we mounted the opposition wagonette and rode back to Edinburgh—through the green fields, along the quiet country roads, listening to the rising lark, glancing far over the German ocean, noting how boldly the far off city lifted its aspiring head up to the sky, scenting the dewey air, and, descending from the vehicle at the starting point, when the evening had quietly settled down.

R. W. Sloan.

MEDIOCRITY.

The present age is one of books;

some say of intelligence, others designate it as one of effort, and probably it is all of these; and, indeed, much more might be said of an age or era, or even of a vastly smaller period of time were we so disposed.

The age is made up of moments, as the teeming population of our earth is made up of individuals, and the progress made by any age is but the average made by humanity at large.

There is an immensity of appliance exerted in the direction of this progress; the press, the pulpit, the forum, the school, the college, in many forms, and all the forms of trade, commerce, missionary life, exploration, war and colonization are used, not only where a great degree of civilization exists, but the "dark places of the earth once full of cruelty,"are moving to a higher plane of development, or meeting extinction by the abrasion of these forces.

The best conditioned of the human family are just as restless, and probably more so than the barbarian, for on the acquisition of some good, there is the enhancement of an ideal, which is ever unreachable; inasmuch as it expands with every footfall in the triumphant march of time.

This dissatisfaction with the past or present—or with existing things, was and is a potential factor in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, for had society—religious, moral or political, been equivalent to the mental standard bursting from the influx of inspiration, the Gospel would not have been needed, gathering would have been a labor of supererogation, and all our local and general affairs would have simply been to maintain those conditions which circumscribed our every wish and need.

Our associations are organized to meet, to aid and continue the drift of progress;

and from the comprehension of certain truths in regard to man (including his origin and his destiny), to honor the former and make the second more abundantly sure.

And it is to the interest of every student to understand, that no spasmodic effort, no simple membership, no occasional attendance, will bring about any great result;

there must be continuous application, everlasting work, and consequent accumulation of knowl-

Mh'.niOCRIT) edge, principle and truth.

These are infinite and inexhaustible, and in all the eternities there is no demand for or room for rest, save such as comes from changing lines of thought and the perseverance of any special fragment of a grand united whole.

We should not mourn because we are not possessed of special genius, or have those gifts, which apparently spontaneous, would suggest that labor is of no value in the pursuit of excellence, in the acquisition of any desired good.

How often in experience have we noted the steady plodder get away with the brilliant possessor of what might have been made an inestimable gift, and the key to august power.

The true genius is he or she who aims at perfection, no matter what the taste, the occupation, the duty, the position, let that be glorified by well-doing, so that even hypercriticism may be com^ pelled to say, "It was well done."The slipshod man, the jack-of all-trades and master of none, have become proverbial;

the studious and industrious have often become as fixed stars in the heavens of human history, where the meteor or the comet, gifted with astounding brilliancy and elongated following, have perished in the wastes of oblivion, to be known no more.

Whatever you are or aim to be, be that one thing well;

if a carpenter, a blacksmith, an artisan of any grade, be a good one; if your life is professional and you are a lawyer, doctor, merchant or teacher, seek to excel; master your profession that you may never be ashamed.

If the young woman is a housewife, a cook, a dressmaker, a saleswoman, or engaged in any other honorable branch of labor for her own subsistence or the good of others, do not be satisfied with being second to any one in your appointed or selected sphere;

the ranks of mediocrity are everywhere full to overflowing, while there is always room ahead.

Keep trying, exercise patience, seek the aid of those unseen forces whose special mission it is to aid the struggling of our feeble race to approximate nearer to the few who have left their names upon the milestones of being, to encourage the after traveler in the great highway.

Frivolity is the bane of youth, but life is too precious to be wasted by the youth of Israel, they are of royal lineage, and like the sons and daughters of kings and potentates everywhere, there is appointed unto them all the facilities of birthright, but they must utilize, as do the scions of crowned heads, their multiplicity of opportunities, or their rule and kingdom will forever be withheld.

Do not fritter your strength in too many directions;

maturity is of steady growth, and mental grasp comes of faculties well and wisely used; the giant's hand was once an infant's; Shakspeare, Newton, Milton were all rocked in a cradle, and gave no promise in early life of the grand prominence they finally reached.

Joseph was a ploughboy, but his will power was exercised and cultivated until he soared unhesitatingly among the mysteries of the universe, finally leaving that impression upon a boasting age which outranks its science, and puts to blush its education and learning; hereby the power and majesty of truth hurled the earth and all its inhabitants nearer to the heavens than for ages of the past, and we his followers must do as he did, "seek for knowledge as for hidden treasure,"that our Father may glorify us as he already hath glorified him.

No mediocrity, but excellence for us and ours, whether limited to one thing, or sweeping (as is our destiny) the whole range of mental and spiritual understanding by the telescope of faith, and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost.

H.

IV. Naisbitt.

It is quite necessary to be clear in your ideas if you wish to succeed.

A great many men, however, seem to understand as little about life as the original Celt did about a railroad train.

When asked if he knew what it was he replied brusquely, and as though he felt insulted at the insinuation, "Sure, I do that;

its a steamboat hunting round for water."The failures in folks'lives come from just such definitions.

TESTIMONY OF A

LIFETIME.

To the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations:

Beloved Brethren:—I have been requested to give a brief outline of my life and association with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

In order for me to comply with such a request my communication must of necessity be exceedingly brief, to be suitable for an article in a magazine like the Contributor.

I was born March ist, 1807.

My father's name was Aphek Woodruff. My mother's name was Beulah Thompson.

She had three sons;

Azmon, born November 29th, 1802; Ozem Thompson, born December 22d, 1804; Wilford, born

March ist, 1807.

All three are living at this date;* Azmon, at my farm house in

Farmer's Ward;

Ozem Thompson, at Daysville, Oswego County, New York;

but he is nearly blind.

I am still living in Salt Lake City.

My mother died June nth, 1808, at Avon, Connecticut, aged twenty-six years, leaving me fifteen months old.

My father was a miller, as was also his father before him, which occupation I followed until 1832.

At an early age my mind was exercised upon religion, although I did not make any profession thereof until 1830.

I did not then join any church, for the reason that I could not find any denomination whose teachings, faith and practice agreed with the ordinances and gifts of the Gospel of Jesus Christ as taught by

Him in His day and time.

Although the ministers of the day taught that the faith, gifts, graces, miracles and ordinances which the ancient Saints enjoyed were done away and were no longer needed, I did not believe it to be true, only as they were done away through the unbelief of the children of men.

I * Since this paper was written, my brother Azmon, departed this life, at my farm house, on

Monday, the fourteenth of January, 1889, at 10.26 o'clock p. m., aged eighty-six years, one month and fifteen days.

The funeral services were held at the Farmer's Ward Meeting House, at 11 o'clock a. m., Wednesday, January 16th, after which, his mortal remains were consigned to the tomb.—IV. W.

believed the same gifts, graces, miracles and power would be manifest in one age of the world as in another, when God had a Church upon the earth, and a people who would obey His ordinances as in ancient days.

I believed the Church of God would be re-established upon the earth, and that I should live to see it.

These principles were riveted upon my mind, from the perusal of the

Old and New Testament, and with fervent prayer that the Lord would show me what was right and what was wrong, and lead me in the path of salvation without any regard to the opinions of men.

The whisperings of the Spirit of the Lord for a space of three years taught me that the Lord was about to set up His Church and Kingdom in the earth, in the last days, in fulfilment of promises made by ancient prophets and apostles who spoke as they were moved upon by the inspiration of Almighty God.

While in this state of mind I went with my brother Azmon to Richland, Oswego County, New York. We bought a farm and commenced business.

In December, 1833, two Mormon Elders, viz. Zera Pulsipher and Elijah Cheney, came into our town and stopped at our house.

Elder Pulsipher said he was commanded by the Spirit of the Lord to go into the north country, and he and Elder Cheney had walked from Fabins via Syracuse, near sixty miles through deep snows, and our house was the first place he felt impelled to stop at.

. He appointed a meeting at the schoolhouse which I attended, and on hearing him preach I felt that his sermon was the first gospel sermon I had ever heard in my life.

I invited these Elders home and spent the night in conversation and in reading the Book of Mormon.

I was thoroughly convinced it was a true record of the word of God.

My brother Azmon and myself offered ourselves for baptism, and on the thirty-first day of December, 1833, Elder Pulsipher went with us to the creek and baptized us, with two other persons, we being the first baptized in Oswego County; eight

TESTIMONY OF A LIFETIME.

others were soon added to our numbers, and on the second of January, 1834, Elder Pulsipher organized a branch of the Church with twelve members, and ordained my brother Azmon and Noah

Holten Elders, and myself a Teacher.

This was the commencement of my association with the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latter-day Saints.

From that day I have closely associated with the leaders of the Church in all their history, until the present day.

I traveled with Joseph Smith and company known as Zion's Camp, from Kirtland to Clay

County, Missouri, upwards of one thousand miles.

I wrote a good portion of the history of that important event.

The experience gained in traveling with the Prophet of God in the company of two hundred and five, mostly young men, was of great benefit to those who were disposed to make a right use of their experience.

On my arrival in Clay County I took up my abode at Lyman Wight's, with Tilton Hyde, Milton Holmes, Judge Elias Higbee and some of the Whitmers.

I attended the meetings of the Prophet Joseph while he was in Clay County, organizing the Presidency of that Stake of Zion and appointing David Whitmer as President.

I was still holding the office of a Teacher, and knowing for myself that the fulness of the Gospel of Christ, which God had revealed to Joseph Smith, was true, I had a great desire to preach it to the inhabitants of the earth, but as a Teacher

I had no authority to preach the gospel to the world.

I went into the forest near LymanWight's, one Sunday evening, aside from the abodes of men, and made my desire known unto the Lord.

I prayed that the Lord would open my way and give me the privilege of preaching the gospel.

I did not make my request expecting any honor from man, for

I knew that the preaching of the gospel was attended with hard labor and persecution.

While I was praying, the spirit of the Lord rested upon me, and testified to me that my prayer was heard, and that my request would be granted.

I arose to my feet and walked some three hundred yards into a broad road rejoicing.

As I came into the road I saw Judge

Elias Higbee standing before me.

As I walked up to him he said, "Wilford, the Lord has revealed to me that it is your duty to go into the vineyard of the

Lord and preach the gospel.

I told him if that was the will of the Lord I was ready to go.

I did not tell him that I had been praying for that privilege.

I had been boarding at Lyman Wight's with Judge Higbee for months and it was the first time he had ever named such a thing to me.

At a meeting of the High Council at

Lyman Wight's, Clay County, Missouri,

November 5th, 1834, I was ordained a Priest.byElder Simeon Carter and Bishop

Edward Partridge appointed Elder Henry Brown and myself a mission to the Southern States.

On the thirteenth of January 1835, I received an honorable discharge from Lyman Wight, as having performed my duties faithfully in Zion's Camp, and Elder Henry Brown and myself started upon our mission.

We crossed into Jackson County and bowed our knees upon that land and returned thanks to the Lord, prayed for His protection from the hands of wicked men and mobs, and went on our way rejoicing.

I started upon this my first mission in life without purse or scrip to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

We traveled through Jackson County, living mostly upon parched corn until we got out of the county.

We spent one night with Mr. Jerew, the Indian trader, on the Osage river.

The next day we walked sixty miles and lay on the floor of a house without anything to eat, and walked next morning twelve miles before getting breakfast, making seventy-two miles travel without food.

We passed into Arkansas Territory and spent several weeks at Petty John Creek, where we passed through a very singular experience with Mr. Alexander Akeman and others, [a full statement of which is published in the eighteenth number of Vol.

eight of the Deseret Neivs.] We cut down a cottonwood tree, and in two days dug out a canoe four feet wide and twelve feet long, and rowed down the Arkansas river one

testimony of a lifetime.

hundred and thirty-five miles, to Little Rock, begging our food by the way.

At Little Rock we took the military road, having tied up our canoe, and waded the great Mississippi swamp to Memphis, Tenn., nearly one hundred and seventy-five miles, most of the way in mud and water knee deep.

Brother Brown took a steamer at Memphis and returned to Kirtland, while I traveled alone to middle Tennessee.

On my arrival at Memphis, I called upon Mr. Jackson, who kept a public house, and asked to stay over night.

When I said I was a preacher he expressed his belief that I was an impostor and insisted that I should preach to a congregation that he would gather together, and they should judge whether

I was a preacher or not.

I spoke aji hour and a quarter to a crowded house, and so many things were revealed concerning themselves that

I do not think the same congregation will ever meet again for the same purpose.

I met with Elders David Patten, and Warren Parrish, in middle Tennessee and labored with them to the end of the year 1835.

Elder Parrish ordained me an Elder on the twenty-eighth of June 1835.

I was ordained a Seventy and enrolled as a member of the second quorum of Seventies on the thirty-first day of May 1836, by Elders David Patten and Warren Parrish.

I traveled and preached in Tennessee from the twenty-seventh of March 1835, until the twentieth of September 1836, at which time I was released to return to Kirtland.

I organized the first company of Saints in the South to go to Far West which numbered twentytwo souls.

While holding the office of an Elder in Tennessee eleven months, I traveled two thousand five hundred and thirty-seven miles, held one hundred and eighty-two meetings, baptized fortyeight, ordained two Elders, two

Priests, three Teachers, eight Deacons and blessed nineteen children.

On the second of October 1836, I started for Kirtland in company with A. O. Smoot and

Jesse Turpin, and arrived at Kirtland on the twenty-fifth of October 1836, when I had a happy meeting with the Prophet,

Apostles and Elders in the Temple of the

Lord.

I spent the winter of 1836-7 in Kirtland, and attended the school taught by Prof.

Haws, studying English and Latin grammar.

I was set apart as a member of the first quorum of Seventies on the third of January 1837.

I attended the meetings and received my washings and anointings in the Kirtland Temple in the spring of 1837.

I then passed through all the troubles and stirring events of that period.

On the thirteenth of April, 1837,

I was joined in marriage with Miss Phebe W.

Carter, of Scarborough, Maine, at the house of the Prophet Joseph Smith. The ceremony was performed by President Frederick G.

Williams, and we were blessed by the Patriarch, Father Joseph

Smith.

Forty-eight days from this event, on the thirty-first of May, I took the parting hand of my wife and all my friends in Kirtland and started upon a mission to Fox Islands, in the Vine Haven Bay, in the State of Maine.

I was accompanied by Elder Milton Holmes and Jonathan H. Hale.

On our journey we crossed Lake Ontario and visited the

Saints, attended conference, administered to the sick and evil spirits were subject to us by the power of God. We continued our journey, recrossed Lake Ontario and visited Farmington, my native place, and for the first time since I had joined the Church visited my father's house.

I preached the Gospel to my relatives and baptized my uncle Ozem Woodruff and his wife Hannah and son John.

This was in fulfilment of a dream I had when I was eight years old.

On my return from Fox Islands I baptized my father, stepmother and only sister, also Dwight

Webster, a Methodist class leader, who was boarding at my father's house.

I organized a small branch of the Church of nine members, eight of whom were my relatives.

I preached to a large congregation in the Methodist meeting house at Farmington.

My wife joined me at Farmington and accompanied me to Scarborough, Maine, and we visited her father's house, it being my first visit.

I was kindly received.

g On the nineteenth of August, 1837, I

TESTIMONY OF A LIFETIME.

'45 took the steamer Bangor, at Portland, with Elder Hale and arrived at Owl's Head at sunset, without any means to continue our journey or get a meal of victuals; we went on to a high hill and bowed ourselves before the Lord, and prayed that our way might be opened.

The spirit of the Lord rested upon us and testified to us that our prayers would be answered.

As we arose from our prayers, a sloop came sailing into the harbor.

We went to the captain and enquired where he was going.

He said right through the channel to Vinal Haven.

He took us on board and landed us on North Fox Island, at two o'clock in the morning. We commenced preaching in the Baptist meeting house on the twentieth of August.

Brother Hale stayed with me one month and twelve days.

[The history of this mission is published in full in No.

20, Vol.

8, Deseret News.} Brother Hale started for Kirtland October second;

I accompanied him to Scarborough, and returned to the Island on the second of November accompanied by my wife.

I spent the winter of 183S upon the Islands accompanied a short time by Brother James Townshend.

During my mission upon the Islands I was opposed by the Baptist minister, Gideon J. Newton, of the North Island, and by Elder Douglass, a Methodist minister of the South Island.

Both made war upon me, but the congregations of both embraced the Gospel and I baptized most of their members.

I received a letter from President

Thomas B. Marsh, on the sixteenth of August, 1S3S, informing me that I had been called by revelation to fill a vacancy in the quorum of the Twelve Apostles, in the place of one who had fallen.

I had organized a company of fifty-three of those I had baptized to go to Missouri in the Fall of 1838.

As they were all fishermen and knew nothing about trav eling, I went on to the mainland and purchased horses, wagons and harness, and fitted them out for their journey, and on the fourth of October we started on ourtravels. We traveled through rain, mud, frost and snow with much suffering, and buried several who died on the way, arriving at Rochester, Sangamon County, Illinois, on December nineteenth, where I spent the winter in providing for my family and company.

On the thirteenth of March, 1839, I took my family and went to Quincy, Iflinois.

Arrived there on the sixteenth, where I saw the suffering of the Saints who lay upon the banks of the Mississippi river, who had been driven from Missouri for their religion, and this before the subject of Polygamy had been revealed to the Church or to the world.

I accompanied President Young and several of the Twelve to the Temple Block in Far West, where we laid the corner stone of the Temple, upon which stone, on the twenty-sixth of April, 1837,

Wilford Woodruff and George A. Smith were ordained Apostles and members of the quorum of the Twelve.

This meeting was appointed by revelation and commandment and we performed all that we were commanded to do.

We returned to Quincy on the second day of

May.

While we were performing this journey Joseph the Prophet and his brother Hyrum got out of prison in Missouri and arrived at Quincy, where we met with them, their families and friends and had a joyous time.

I accompanied President Brigham Young with our families from Quincy to Nauvoo and settled at Montrose.

I was with Joseph Smith and the Twelve Apostles on the twenty-first of July, 1839, which was the day of God's power with the Prophet.

He healed a score of the sick by the power of God; they were raised up from their beds of sickness, some of them being nigh unto death, including Elijah

Graham and Bates Nobles.

The Twelve Apostles were commanded of the Lord to go to Great Britain on a mission and to carry the gospel of Christ to that land.

As I was preparing to start on the twenty-fifth of July, 1839 I was attacked with the chills and fever for the first time in my life, my wife and child were also sick.

On the eighth of August I arose, sick, from my bed, laid my hands upon my wife and child, blessed them and left them in the hands of the Lord, with not more than four days provisions in the

TESTIMONY OF A LIFETIME.

house, and thus started on my mission without purse or scrip.

Brother Brigham Young paddled me across the Mississippi river in a canoe.

The difficulties which I, with the rest of the Apostles, passed through in performing that journey to England will never be told in history.

However, we all arrived in various companies in England in compliance with the commandments of God.

We spent the year 1840 in England, during which time we preached the gospel and baptized some seven thousand, organized branches and conferences in England and Scotland, including London and Edinburgh.

Eighteen hundred of this number were brought into the Church through my labors in Herefordshire, Gloucestershire and Worcestershire during eight months, including nearly two hundred preachers of the various denominations.

About fifty of the preachers belonged to the six hundred of the United Brethren who were baptized into the Church.

After performing this work, and on the twenty-fifth of April, 1841 I set sail for America on the ship Rochester, with my brethren of the Twelve and a large company of Saints, and arrived at New York, May 20th.

My son Wilford was born at Nauvoo,

March 22d, 1840, and my daughter Sarah

Emma died at Nauvoo, July 17th, 1840.

I left New York for Nauvoo, via the lakes, and was on the steamer Chesapeake, with my wife and child, when she was wrecked on Lake Michigan, and all came near being lost; but through the mercy of God we were again preserved from the perils of the waters.

I arrived at Nauvoo on the sixth of October, 1841, where I again had the happy privilege of meeting with the Prophet Joseph and Apostles and my friends.

I spent the winter of 1841-2 in Nauvoo, attending meetings and councils and laboring with my hands for the support of myself and family until the third of February, 1842, at which time Joseph Smith called me to take charge of the business department of the printing office, which I attended to until the twentieth of January, 1844, when I left the office well supplied with materials, in the hands of Elder John Taylor.

(I received my endowments with the Twelve under the direction of the Prophet Joseph Smith in the winter of 1843.

I"the spring of 1844, 1 was appointed a mission with most of the Twelve to go through the Eastern States.

On the ninth of May, 1844, I took the last parting hand with President Joseph

Smith in his own house with Brother Jedediah M. Grant.

He blessed me and bade me God speed, but seemed very sorrowful, as he did in parting with all of the Twelve.

I have since been satisfied that he had a presentiment that it was his last parting with his brethren of the

Apostles.

I attended a conference at Boston, and on the twenty- seventh of June, 1844, while at the railway depot in

Boston with Elder Brigham Young waiting for trains to take us to Lowell, there seemed to be a dark cloud and sorrowful gloom come over us, which we could not comprehend at the time.

While I was at Portland, Maine, and ready to step on board a steamer for Fox Islands I saw an account of the martyrdom of the Prophet and his brother Hyrum, and the

Spirit bore record to me that it was true;

so I returned to Boston, where the Twelve soon met together, and we hastened to Nauvoo, when we found the city enveloped in mourning.

After our return to Nauvoo, and setting in order the Church, a council was held, at which time I was appointed to go to England and take charge of the Church in that land.

I arrived in Liverpool on the ship, John R.

Skiddy, on the third of January, 1845, in company with my wife and youngest daughter;

also Brothers Hyrum Clark and wife, Daniel Jones and wife, and Brothers Milton Holmes and Leonard W. Hardy.

I spent the year 1845 in England attending to the duties devolving upon me.

During that year I published three thousand copies of the Doctrine and Covenants, and secured the copyright in London, being the first European edition, three thousand Hymn Books and twenty thousand copies of the proclamation of the Apostles.

On the twenty-first of January, 1846, I departed from England on the packet ship, Ash-

TESTIMOIN Y OF A LIFETIME.

H7 burton, with Elder Joseph A.

Stratton, for New York.

We had an exceedingly rough passage of forty-three days.

It was said to be the roughest passage known up to that time.

We had seven hurricanes and fourteen gales and lost the second mate overboard.

Arrived at New York on the sixth of March, 1846.

My wife and* daughter had gone on board ship at Liverpool with a company of Saints, on her journey to Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

I left New York and visited my father's home in Farmington, Conn., and notified them to be prepared to accompany me to Nauvoo.

I also visited Ezra Carter and family, my father-in-law at Scarborough,

Maine, and I took my daughter Phebe, who had been left there and returned to

Connecticut.

My father, stepmother, and cousin, Betsey Cosset, accompanied "me to Nauvoo, where I again met my wife, who had arrived safely from Liverpool.

I attended the dedication of the Nauvoo Temple with Orson Hyde, on the twentieth day of April, 1846, whilst the most of the Twelve and many of the

Saints, led by President Brigham Young, had crossed the Mississippi river and were traveling west.

I crossed the Mississippi river with my family for the last time on the nineteenth of May, 1846, and started west to overtake the main camp.

We arrived at Mount -Pisgah, where there was a large body of the Saints, on the fifteenth of June.

I here found Elder Lorenzo Snow, apparently at the point of death, and administered to him. On the twentyfifth of June I was met by Captain Allen, who had come to visit the camp of the Saints to raise a Battalion to go to war with Mexico.

I directed him to the portion of the camp where President

Young was, and he immediately raised the Mormon Battalion of five hundred men.

I consented for every teamster I had to go to make up the number, as did others.

We formed our encampment for the winter on the west side of the Missouri river, which we named Winter Quarters.

On the fifteenth of October I met with a very severe accident.

An oak tree fell upon me and broke my breast bone and several ribs, which came near killing me; but through the administration of the Elders and the blessings of God, I was preserved.

In the Spring of 1847 I accompanied President Young with some of the Twelve and the pioneer camp of one hundred and forty-three persons in crossing the plains to the Great Salt Lake Valley, where we built a Fort, laid out the site of Salt Lake City and Temple Block and returned to Winter Quarters the same season.

[The history of which has been frequently published.]

In the spring of 1848, I took my wife and children, by appointment, and went east to Boston to gather up all the Saints in the New England States, and take them to the Rocky Mountains.

I labored in this capacity until the spring of 1850, and sent out several companies.

1 visited all the branches of the Church in New England and New Brunswick, and organized the last company and led them myself from Boston to St.

Louis, Council Bluffs, and on to Salt Lake City, arriving in October, 1850, at which time I settled my family, including my father, in the City of Salt Lake, where I have spent the past thirty-eight years of my life, attending to the duties of my calling as an Apostle, in the building and dedication of temples, administering in the ordinances of the Gospel therein, and preaching to the Saints and providing for my family.

I have been deeply interested in the redemption of my dead.

Through my own labors and the assistance of my friends I have been enabled to give endowments to some three thousand of my dead relatives of my father's and mother's house.

Among other labors I have officiated as a member of the Utah

Legislature for twenty-two sessions, twenty of which were in the Legislative Council.

I have traveled in Idaho, Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada and California.

Since my arrival in the valley of Salt Lake, eleven Apostles and two Presidents of the Church have departed this life and passed behind the vail.

On the death of President John

THE NICARAGUA CANAL.

Taylor, the responsibility of presiding over the Church fell upon me, in connection with the Twelve Apostles.

At the close of this sketch I wish to say a few words to my young friends.

I have had experience and testimony sufficient in my life to satisfy me, beyond a doubt, of the truth of the fulness of the

Gospel of Jesus Christ as revealed to Joseph Smith, whom the Lord raised up to lay the foundation of His Church and

Kingdom of God upon the earth, in this the last dispensation of the fulness of times.

Mormonism, so-called, is true.

The truth of which this generation will learn when they come before God to judgment, if not before.

All the revelations of God as proclaimed in the Bible,

Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants will have their fulfilment in their appointed time.

Not one jot nor tittle will fall unfulfilled.

Darkness covers the earth and gross darkness the people, and infidelity reigns in a great measure among the children of men;

but the greatest infidel that lives will find a God when he gets into the spirit world, and a just Judge, who will judge all men with a righteous judgment, and reward every one according to the deeds done in the body.

Woe unto all men, who reject the testimony of Jesus Christ and persecute the Saints of God, no matter in what age of the world they may live.

I wish to say to the young men in Zion, you have a great destiny before you, both in this world and in the world to come.

You have a long eternity awaiting you and a great responsibility.

As your fathers are passing away the labor of the Church and Kingdom of God will rest upon you.

I have confidence in you, to believe that you will qualify yourselves for the great duty and work which lies before you.

The destiny of the Church and Kingdom of God in the latter days is decreed by the God of Heaven, and I do not believe that God has made that decree without preparing an element to do His work, in carrying out His purposes.

Therefore, I say to the young men of the Mutual Improvement Associations, that the God of Israel has called, chosen and ordained you as messengers of life and salvation, to qualify yourselves to prune the vineyard for the last time and labor while it is called day and prepare for the coming of the Son of Man.

That God may bless you to this end, is the earnest prayer of your brother and fellow laborer in the Church and kingdom of God.

Wilford Woodruff.

THE NICARAGUA CANAL.

Visitors to the American Institute Fair must have been struck by an object exhibited there for a few days, which, at a moment when the American Eagle is jealously scrutinizing the attitude of the

French government with regard to the abortive and distracting Panama Canal, assumes no small degree of interest and importance.

This was the working model of the projected Nicaragua InterOceanic Ship-Canal, designed and constructed by

Mr. Vaulx Carter, who has been awarded the contract for the work by the canal company, in open competition with several skilled engineers, his design having been selected both on account of its intrinsic merit and its applicability to the difficulties of the situation.

Mr. Carter is a young man of Southern birth, but has resided for the greater part of his life in Brooklyn.

He was educated at Swarthmore College, and at the United States Naval Academy, Annapolis.

While at the latter place he became permanently lame, and since then he has devoted himself to drawing, engineering, and designing, for the last of which he has a decided natural taste.

Mr. Carter holds at present the position of Instructor in Mechanical Drawing and Mechanics at the Hebrew Technical Institute, New York, and this interesting and ingenious model, which is now on its tour of the

THE NICARAGUA CANAL.

principal cities of the United States, is the product of his spare time.

The preliminary history of the project has been already detailed.

Coming down to the year 1887, we find that in March of that year a contract was signed with the Republic of Nicaragua Canal Association of New York, securing to the Association exclusive right of way through the territory of the republic, for the construction of a ship-canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.

The route chosen has been surveyed several times—twice by expeditions sent out by the United States Navy Department.

The detailed estimate of the cost of construction, amounting to $60,000,000, have been examined and accepted by eminent engineers in this country and in Europe, and a force of competent engineers and surveyors was quite recently in Nicaragua making final surveys for the axial location of the line of the canal.

The Association has secured from the government of Nicaragua a most liberal concession, allowing a period of two and one-half years within which to begin operations, a grant of 1,000,000 acres of land, and immunity from taxation and all imposts for a period of ninety-nine years.

The Association asks no aid from the government of the United States.

The canal will extend from Greytown, on the Caribbean Sea, at the mouth of the San Juan River, on the east; to Brito, on the west, a distance of about miles, the summit-level of the canal being no feet above the mean sea- level.

Of this distance, however, only about 30 miles are to be actual cutting or excavation, leaving nearly miles to be navigated on Lake Nicaragua and the river San Juan—an enormous advantage to start with.

The San Juan is already navigable for vessels of light draught, and it can easily be deepened.

The summit- level is to be reached by three locks from the Atlantic and three from the Pacific.

These locks will be capable of admitting the largest ships afloat, the length of the chambers being 650 feet, and the width feet.

At one point, near the confluence of the San Juan and the San Carlos, an artificial lake will be created by the construction of a dam across the San Juan and an embankment across the San Carlos, which will serve as a basin for the gathering of ships, where they may repair, and which will also facilitate their passing in opposite directions.

From Toro rapids to the lake the river is never less than 1000 feet wide, with a depth of 26 to feet, requiring some dredging and rock-blasting.

Across Lake Nicaragua, a distance of 56 miles, a depth of 28 feet is obtained until within a short distance of the Rio Lajas, the entrance to the western division;

there, too, some dredging and rock-blasting will be necessary.

Ships may thus unobstructedly sail or steam from Rio San Carlos up the broad waters of the San Juan, majestic forests or picturesque settlements on either hand, and here and there some old fort like Fort Castillo, and across the lovely inland sea dotted with lofty islands.

Here the balmy breezes are full of health; but the whole region east of the lake is densely wooded, subject to a heavy rainfall, and almost uninhabited.

The banks of the San Juan River are almost everywhere low and swampy;

it is therefore most fortunate that very little disturbance of the soil will be necessary except by dredging.

In the middle and western divisions of the canal not only is the rainfall much less excessive, but the temperature is rendered equable by the east and northeast trades, which sweep across Nicaragua.

On the Pacific slope the climate is both delightful and salubrious.

At Rio Lajas, the last, or western, division of the canal proper begins.

It extends for about seventeen miles from the western shore of the lake to Brito, on the Pacific, where ships from the Atlantic descend gradually by four locks into a snug haven.

A number of inconsiderable streams intersect this portion of the line, the largest of which, the Rio Grande, will be deflected into another channel, while it is proposed to carry the others under the canal.

Summing up, and beginning this time at Brito, the western terminal of the canal,

THE NICARAGUA CANAL.

the main features of the route, according to the last careful and exhaustive survey, are as follows:

Free Canal.

NavigaTotal.

tion.

Miles.

Miles.

Miles.

Western Division 12.14.

483.

16.97 Lake Nicaragua, 56.50.

56.50 San Juan River, 64.54.

64.54 San Francisco Basin,...

2.07.

10.49.

12.56 Great Divide Cut,.

3.03 3.03 Divide Cut to Greytown, 12.95.

3-4°- J 6-35 Total 3OI 9- I 39-76.

169.95 From this table it can be seen that in the whole distance there will only be about 30 miles of canal work, and with the exception of two or three locks, the labor presents no mechanical difficulties or engineering problems which are not within the scope of modern science.

It is, at all events, beyond question that the scene of this great enterprise has been more searchingly explored and surveyed than has ever been the case with any similar undertaking of modern times.

It is estimated that the whole work can be completed in six years.

It may be interesting now to compare with these estimates a few facts taken from the statistics of the Suez and Panama canals, as to the latter of which, Lieutenant-Commander Charles H.

Stockton, U.

S.

N., in a paper contributed a few months ago to the transactions of the American Geographical Society, expressed his opinion that "there is ground for doubting that it will ever be completed."The Panama Canal has already, it is said, cost over 200 millions—nearly four times the estimated cost of the proposed

Nicaragua Canal.

The Suez Canal, which has proved thoroughly successful, is Geographical miles in length, miles of which had to be excavated, the sum total of expenses reaching 100 millions.

The transit from sea to sea by the Suez Canal is made in three days, against the thirty hours of the Nicaragua Canal.

Further, the Suez Canal, owing to the tortuous, rocky navigation of the Red Sea, together with its variable winds and terrific heat, is practically useless for sailing ships, which, therefore, in order to reach the Indies, China, Australia, California, and western South America, must sail around the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Horn.

The route of the Nicaraguan Canal is swept by the east and northeast trades, and those fleets will certainly be diverted to it in the future, at all events when sailing westward.

This is a most important advantage for the new canal, for it is certain that the larger portion of the world's tonnage is still transported in sailing vessels, more especially in the coasting trade. Now, as one approaches the Isthmus of Darien the wind either dies away altogether or becomes capricious, and the result is that a sailing vessel may lie off Panama for weeks, with loss to all concerned.

The most immediately apparent effect of the opening of the Nicaragua Canal upon our trade with the west coast of South America will be the saving of time and money now lost by the delay and transshipment of goods at Panama.

The continuous water route will do away with the detentions and greatly lessen the cost of freights, while it cannot fail to give us a share of the commerce with western South America.

For anyone with a fair knowledge of commercial geography it is only necessary to glance at a map to realize that the opening of the Nicaragua Canal is destined to have a profound effect upon the commercial history of the world. As the saving in distances from New York to Hong Kong, Yokohama, Bombay, Melbourne and Auckland by this canal will be from 500 to 3000 miles over any other route except Suez, and the sailing conditions are unsurpassed, it is believed that the entire eastern commerce of our

Atlantic seaboard will eventually find its way through the Nicaragua Canal.

Our Pacific ports are now 13,000 and 14,000 miles away from us by way of Cape Horn.

The distances by the canal will be 4,500 to 5,500 miles.

Again, the distance from Liverpool to Auckland is 500 miles less by Nicaragua than by any other route, and 2,524 miles less than by the Cape of Good Hope.

It might very

PROFITS OF AUTHORSHIP.

well happen that a part, at least, of this European trade with New Zealand will choose the Nicaraguan route, not so much for the distance saved over Cape

Horn as for the more favorable weather, winds and currents to be met with in the latitude of the canal.

Sailing vessels between Europe and Japan would, by way of Nicaragua, save at least 3,000 miles over other routes.

When the canal is built, steamers and sailing vessels from the Gulf ports, which now seek the long and dreary passage around

Cape Horn, with its perils, vexations, and hardships, will gain the Pacific in a pleasant trip of less than two days'duration. The world may be circumnavigated with ease and expedition without crossing the equator.

It is true that sailing routes to and from Panama in the Pacific can hardly be said to exist, so seldom are they used;

but Brito, the proposed western terminus of the Nicaragua Canal, is much better situated, the route thence to San Francisco by sail being nearly two weeks shorter than from Panama.

When the physical.barrier shall have been removed, all the existing lines of traffic from the Gulf and the Caribbean vSea will lead naturally through the canal to the countries and islands of the Pacific.

Artificial trade routes will be broken down, and we shall no longer receive cinchona bark and crude rubber from England, and tea and coffee from London and Hamburg, or ship American hardware to Australia by way of Liverpool.

Indeed, if the cost of constructing the canal should prove to be double the estimate of the engineers—which, under proper management, is impossible—the financial adventure would still be safe and profitable.

Harper's Weekly.

PROFITS OF AUTHORSHIP.

It is often said that literature is not a profitable calling, and that a very large majority of those who have devoted themselves to it have found this saying to be true. There is little doubt, says the

Youth's Companion, that the average earnings in the law and medicine, and even in divinity, are larger than in the profession of authorship.

Yet, on the other hand, to a very limited few writers of genius or talents the writing of books has been a source not only of profit but of fortune.

It is only a little more than a hundred years since Dr. Samuel Johnson, taught his brother authors to look for their profits, not to the rich patrons who paid them a larger or less sum for fulsome dedications, but to the fast increasing public of readers.

Yet long before Dr.

Johnson's time there lived, now and then, an English author whose work was well paid for.

While Milton only received £5 for "Paradise Lost,"the poet Pope, not many years after, received no less than $40,000 for the far less laborious task of translating Homer.

Similar inequalities appear at a little later period.

Gay got $5,000 for a small volume oi poems, $2,000 for his "Beggar's Opera,"and $5,000 for his play of "Polly,"while a far greater poet, Gray, only gained $2,000 for all his poems, and actually gave away his immortal "Elegy in a Country Churchyard"to his publisher.

The publisher made $5,000 on the poem.

Goldsmith, considering his genius, was very poorly paid.

The "Vicar of Wakefield"brought him only $300, and his poem, the "Traveler,"yielded oily $105.

Johnson himself had to be content with moderate rewards for his work, for "Rasselas,"which was written in a single week in order to pay the expenses of his mother's funeral, brought him $500, while the "Lives of the Poets"only yielded $1,000.

It is interesting to note that now and then prose works brought substantial rewards in the last century and early in the present.

For his novel, "Amelia,"Fielding received $5,000, and Hayley received for his "Life of Cowper"no

WILL ENGLISH BE THE WORLD'S LANGUAGE?

less than $55,000.

The life of the philanthropist, Wilberforce, brought its author $20,000.

As we approach more recent times we find yet larger sums pouring in upon the few popular authors who have succeeded in gaining a wide public hearing.

For instance, Sir Walter Scott made, and, it is sad to say, squandered, a brilliant fortune, solely the labor of his pen.

He is believed to have made out of his poems and novels as large a sum as $1,500000.

Yet he spoke of authorship as "a walking-stick but a very bad crutch."An eminent publisher offered Tom Moore $15,000 for a poem as long as Scott's "Rokeby,"and the result was the production of his famous "Lalla Rookh."When Thomas Campbell was only twenty-one years of age he got $300 for his "Pleasures of Hope."The English historians of the highest rank have fared well in a pecuniary sense, and the same may be said of the three or four leading American historians.

Hume got $3,500 a volume for his ''History of

England,"and Macaulay received once, a check for $100,000 on account of threefourths of the profits on his history.

Gibbon's receipts from the "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire"were probably not less than $500,000.

Robertson's prosy "History of Scotland"brought him $30,000, and Linyard received $23,- 000 for his history.

Charles Dickens is believed to have made a yearly income of $50,000 by his novels.

It is certain he made, and by lavish living spent, several goodly fortunes.

Bulwer is said to have made $400,000 by his novels, and Disraeli, for "Endymion"alone, received $60,000.

Three or four American authors, who are still living, have made large fortunes by their books.

Sometimes a single work—like the life of Grant, Mr. Blaine's "Twenty Years of Congress,"and Gen.

Wallace's "Ben Hur"—has earned a fortune for its author.

These instances, however, are the rare exceptions.

Fortunes come much more seldom to authors than to other workers in intellectual fields;

nor should such cases as have been described delude young people into thinking that authorship is the pathway to wealth.

Will the English be the World's

Language?—A universal language must be a growth.

Some national language must expand until it covers the whole world.

Of late years the English language alone has been much spoken of as likely to grow so great.

Hardly any philosophic linguist attempts to forecast the future without some discussion of the English; and De Candolle calculates that within one hundred years English will be spoken by 860,000,000 of men,

German by 124,000,000, and French by 96,000,000.

At present the population either speaking the English language or under the domination of English-speaking peoples numbers more than 318,290,- 000, or one-fourth of the population of the globe.

English speaking races occupy one-fourth of the dry land of the earth, and own nearly two-thirds of the ships.

They live in all regions;

they handle all articles of trade; they preach to all nations; they command one-half of the world's gold and silver; and distribute more than two-thirds of the Bibles and Testaments.

More than one-half of the letters mailed and carried by the postal service of the world are written, mailed, and read by the English-speaking population.

The expectation that English will come into universal use is not based upon anything in the nature of language, but rather on the character and circumstances of the people.

The English people have been the great colonizers of modern times.

They have taken possession of America, of Australia, of South Africa, the regions which are to be the seats of the new empires, and they control and assimilate the populations which flow into them and grow up on them.

The End of the Great Eastern.—

Although there are still some persons who believe—and perhaps the wish is father to the thought—that this great vessel, designed by Brunei, will not come to such an inglorious end, there is very little doubt that she will be broken

WOUNDED.

'53 up, and her fragments sold as old iron.

After having passed through so many vicissitudes for the thirty years of her existence, the Great Eastern was successfully beached near New Ferry, on the Cheshire shore of the Mersey, on August 25th.

The previous Wednesday at noon she was got under way, and started from the Clyde on her last voyage.

With her own steam she„could make a speed of four and five knots, but she was also towed by the powerful tug, Stormcock.

The weather was bright when the vessel started, but next morning the wind freshened, while dark masses of clouds presaged the bad weather that followed.

The gale was at its highest when the vessels were off the Isle of Man, about six o'clock on Thursday evening.

The tug cast loose the hawser, which seemed an impediment to navigation, and while the engines of the big ship were stopped for a while, she became practically unmanageable, the gale having full play against her hull, which was very high out of the water.

For four hours she was rolled about at the mercy of the seas.

Heavy goods on board were dashed about below, while the funnels swayed as if about to be dislodged.

Notwithstanding that she stood forty feet out of water, some of the seas swept over her, and a large gangway was torn from its chains and carried away.

At length she was got to windward, and the course directed to the Irish coast;

but the gale moderated, and on Friday morning the Stormcock, which had kept near, resumed the towing of the ship, which reached the bar of the Mersey at five o'clock on Friday evening.

There may be many who, but for the loss of life it would have involved, would have been glad to hear that the Great Eastern had foundered in the last gale she rode through, rather than that she should undergo the last indignities of a breaking up.

After all, however, many a valiant battle-ship, with a large roll of honor, has shared the same fate.

Iron.

eral terms is that the salts which go to make the color in the shell undergo a chemical change by being subjected to the action of hot water.

This answer can hardly be a satisfactory one to a person seeking specific information on the subject.

It is, however, the only answer that can be given at present.

The matter is one which has apparently excited more popular than scientific curiosity, for whereas the question has often been asked, it has not as yet received a satisfactory—that is, a specific—answer.

It is not only the lobster, but all crustaceans that undergo this change of color on being boiled.

Salt water crustaceans become redder in the process than fresh water crustaceans.

The addition of common table salt to the water in which the creature is boiled will conduce to greater redness.

Whether it is the sodium or the chlorine in the salt that helps to this result I do not know.

The creature itself has nothing to do with the change in its shell, for if the shell be taken from the living crustaceans and then boiled, the result will be exactly the same.

It has been suggested that red may be the basic color of the shell, and that the chemical change which takes place is merely the elimination of the other colors.

The objection is that there is no evidence of removal of color shown in the water.

The objection is not vital, however.

Scientific-American.

Why Does the Shell of the Lobster Become Red on Being Boiled?

—The answer to this question in genWOUNDED.

A lark flew up from the dew-kissed mead,

One rosy morn in the budding spring,

Its notes were clear as a metal's ring,

And sweet as the tones of Hermes'reed.

As upward the sturdy songster soared,

A bullet sped through its brave young breastDost hold that the hunter s shot is blest?

It never more the heights explored.

Ambition sprung in a fresh young mind,

One happy day in the spring of life, Its aim was true as false is strife,

And worthy of praise from all mankind.

As on talent's wings this mental bird

Sublimely ascended the heights of Fame,

A whispered lie brought killing shame

Will heaven forgive the accursed word?

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, February, xi THE MANNER OR THE MAN.

A good leg will fall; a straight b.vck will stoop;

a black beard will turn white; a curled pate will grow bald; a fair face will wither; a full eye will wax hollow;

but a good heart is the sun and the moon Kate; or rather the sun and not the moon;

for it shines bright and never changes, but keeps his course truly.

Such, in part, is the manner in which Shakspeare sets Henry V of England a wooing the gentle Katharine of France;

and however much sensitive ladies may object to the half rude sentences of blunt

King Hal, the truth of them can never be questioned.

The quotation set us to thinking about what women see in the men that woo them, and for what they finally marry them;

and it must be admitted that at the conclusion of the cogitation we confessed to the opinion that more women were influenced in their choice of lovers and husbands by the things in man which decay or perish than by the qualities which endure forever.

Our sisters of the Improvement Societies will perhaps pardon us if we say that women—that is young women—like children, are pleased best by the spectacular;

that is, with show, with that which pleases the eye, in the particular matter of a man—to paraphrase—it would be, a good leg, a straight back, a black beard, a curled pate, a fair face, a full eye,—and

I might add, a pleasing grace in the technicalities of conventional society—easy in action, faultless in attire, unembarrassed, glib of speech, plenty of "small talk"—the heated room, the character of the music, the complexion of the ladies, their costumes, beauty, etc., furnishing subject matter for his shallow wit and sentimentalism for a whole evening, and with very slight additions or variation, for the whole season.

How often it happens, in the experience of woman, that these accomplishments outweigh more sterling qualities of soul, because, forsooth, the latter happens to be encompassed by an uncouth exterior!

Perhaps an awkward gate, a slow tongue that cannot "mince in love,"further than to say directly—"I love you;"and having no skill in protestation to rhyme himself into his lady's favor, if she exclaims—"Do you in faith!"to call forth—womanlike repetition, she will exhaust his eloquence quite; or it may be that his face "is not worth sun-burning"to look upon, but an honest, good face for all that; or, perhaps, in movement awkward, he cannot dance well, or bow gracefully; yet how often this rough exterior encompasses a soul more gentle, noble and manly than the curled and petted favorites of social life!

The one a plain casket enclosing a jewel more rich than mammon's glittering heaps of wealth; the other a tinselled casket filled with emptiness, or at best containing a worthless gem, whose borrowed brightness vanishes with the first year's wear, and reveals but the poverty of the owner.

Let it not be thought that we encourage roughness in manners, or disparage those minor accomplishments which embellish life, or refine intercourse in society;

far from it.

Let such manners and graces in speech and action be acquired as shall give to the greater faculties of the mind, and nobler attributes of the heart, the brighter lustre.

With Othello we say, to be fair and love company;

to be free of speech, sing, play and dance well—where virtue is, these are the more virtuous.

But when a choice is presented between honesty, intellect, gentleness, generosity and virtue, though accompanied by a plain face, awkward manners—in short, by an unpolished exterior, and an exterior that is faultless, but lacks true manliness within, we would see our sisters, at least, choose the substance and cast away the shadow.

Marriage with all people is a serious business; but with the Latter-day Saints more serious yet than with any other.

By others it is looked upon as involving the whole happiness of this life; with the Saints it does all this and more, it

EDITORIAL.

affects the happiness of that life which is to come.

The wedded state is a condition on which the fullest happiness, the greatest glory and highest exaltation of both men and women, in the theology of the Gospel, very largely depends.

Of course the orthodox Christian world regard the association of man and wife as altogether too material and unholy for heaven;

but that institution which contributes most to refine, purify, and exalt the nature of man and woman in this life, may be trusted to work no mischief in heaven.

The institution which—to use the words ofJeremy Taylor—"is the mother of the world and preserves kingdoms, and fills cities and churches and heaven itself;"which "like the useful bee, it builds a house, and gathers sweetness from every flower, and labors and unites into societies and republics, and sends out colonies, and feeds the world with delicacies, and obeys and keeps order, and exercises many virtues and promotes the interest of mankind, and is that state of good to which God hath designed the present constitution of the world."Why not say the universe instead of the world?

For such is the manner in which all worlds are filled and ever will be with the children of the Gods!

Hence the marriage covenant of the Saints is made for time and all eternity.

This being a grand reality and no myth, what care should be employed among us in selecting companions with which we are to be associated for ever!

By the women of a people holding such views, more than by other women, the Stirling qualities of manhood ought to be sought for in prospective husbands and preferred even though associated with inferior appearance and manners to the soulless blockhead though a very Chesterfield in dress and deportment.

In the house of Thos.

A.

Edison at Llewellyn Park is a remarkable memento of Beecher.

The inventor's phonograph for impressing on a soft metal sheet the utterances of the human voice, and then emitting it again by the turning of a crank, has never been put to any very valuable use, and Edison has only gained from it a few thousand dollars in royalties from exhibitors But he utilized it to make a collection of famous voices.

Since he became famous, his visitors have included hundreds of celebrities.

Instead of asking them for their autographs or photographs, he has, in two or three hundred instances, requested them to speak a few sentences into a phonograph.

He has kept the plates in a cabinet, and occasionally he runs some through the machine, which sends out the words exactly as uttered.

Edison is probably the only man who can revive the silenced v^oice of the great preacher.

We have recently read with much interest the three stories of Jewish life in New York City by Sidney Luska.

They are entitled "As 'twas Written,""Mrs. Peixada,"and "The Yoke of the

Thorah,"and present in a very bold and thrilling manner some phases of the modern Jewish character and life that may well be studied by those who feel an interest in the Israelitish race.

Mr. Dubus Bonnet, of Lille, France, has invented a process of spinning and weaving glass into cloth.

The warp is composed of silk, forming the body and ground-work, on which the pattern in glass appears, as effected by the weft.

The requisite flexibility of glass thread for manufacturing purposes is to be ascribed to its extreme fineness, as not less than from fifty to sixty of the original strands are required to form one thread of the weft.

The process is slow, for no more than a yard of cloth can be produced in twelve hours.

The work, however, is extremely beautiful and comparatively cheap.

A French paper, commenting on the discovery, says:

"When we figure to ourselves an apartment decorated with cloth of glass and resplendent with light, we must be convinced that it will equal in brilliancy all that the imagination can conceive and realize;

in a word, the wonders of the enchanted palaces mentioned in the Arabian tales."

NIGH UNTO THE THRONE OF

GOD.* A sprouting bean-seed confined by a proper contrivance, will raise through a short distance and sustain a weight of ten to fourteen pounds.

The power exerted by germinating seeds of all kinds is more or less wonderful.

Take a glass globe—such as the ladies display artificial flowers in on the parlor table—invert it over a growing plant.

Notice, after a time, moisture collects on the inside of the globe, and finally runs down the sides.

How did the water get there?

Plants, by means of their roots, imbibe all of their food in the form of water.

The solid portions remain, while most of the water, no longer wanted, is exhaled.

Cut a twig from a grape-vine, fifty feet or more from the root, and the water (sap) comes forth, as from a miniature fountain.

Or, observe the sweetened sap dripping from the marred sugar-maple.

Think of the mighty force at work, lifting tons upon tons of water to the tops of the trees in orchard and forest, impelling it, drop by drop, through knotted joint and woody fibre!

Whence comes this tremendous lifting power, as exhibited in the growing seed and leafy plant?

The philosophers tell us it is a gift of the Sun to mother Earth.

In this Territory, the yearly rainfall is estimated at twenty-four inches.

Since the weight of a cubic foot of water is a little less than sixty-two and a half pounds, then on every square foot of surface nearly one hundred and twentyfive pounds are deposited;

on every square mile, about one million, seven hundred and ninety thousand tons!

Much of this enormous quantity has been drawn from the ocean by the sun-beams, and carried thousands of miles over the country on the shoulders of the wind.

And even the wind itself is indebted to the sun for its sway on the land, and on the wave tossed sea.

I have watched from a distance, and with bated breath, the avalanche of snow rolling down the mountain's side.

The everlasting hills were shaken as the frozen torrent rushed to fill the canon * Pearl of Great Price page 31.

below.

A thousand men, employed a thousand days, would be unable to move away the impacted mass.

But in springtime the sun takes up the task: he smites the ice with his magic rod, and the fountain bursts from beneath, as from the rock in Horeb.

The crystal pile soon melts, and the river thus formed, laden with energy and fertility, finds its way to the valley below, where it turns the heavy mill-wheel, or rushes out upon the plain.

All nature thrills with the vivifying energy of the Sun.

The very rock yields its life-giving properties, being seized upon by the rootlets and turned to soil, thence "to woody fibre, leafy verdure, blooming flowers and delicious fruits."His beam paints green the blades of grass, colors the petals of the rose, and pencils on the butter-fly's wing ten thousand tints.

The Sun warms the soil, the Earth is covered with verdure, and the fields abound with plenty.

Today we are warmed by the sunshine of ages ago, as locked up in the coal measures.

From this same source the iron-horse and steamship derive their power to carry the commerce of nations.

And more:

the electric current that pulsates beneath the mighty deep, making neighbors of the people of two hemispheres; the telephone, that repeats the whispers of distant friends; the gas, and electric lights that illuminate our cities and homes—all, all are legacies of an ancient Sun.

It was a long time before men realized that the King of day did aught else than warm their bodies and give light to their eyes.

But now we know his presence enters nearly every work department of both vegetable and animal life, exerting also a wonderful influence on inert matter.

Forcibly and mysteriously does it operate; for substances are changed by it entirely, while compounds are torn asunder and the elements thereof stand out in their nakedness.

A ray of light is directed onto the sensitive glass plate; when lo! you behold an image wrought there—a perfection of science and art.

NIGH UNTO THE THRONE OF COD, Solar energy makes the earth tremble at times, even to the throwing down o^ mountains;

it lifts the clouds on high, then drives them to the four corners of the earth;

it projects the aurora six hundred miles above the mountain peaks;

it causes magnetic currents to girdle the globe, pointing the magnetic needle north and south;

it upheaves the great seas from their beds; starts the ocean currents; and rolls mighty tidal waves against the continents.

And this is not all.

Solar energy is the power of the earth by which all things remain upon its surface; by which also the moon gives her light, and swings round the earth in easy bed.

It "is the law by which all things are governed:"even eight planets, twenty moons, more than two hundred and fifty asteroids, millions of comets and innumerable meteoric bodies swarming in space, "as they roll upon their wings in their glory, in the midst of the power of God."

At this point let us bring forward the word of the Lord, as revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith:* "This is the light of Christ.

As also he is in the Sun, and the light of the Sun, and the power thereof by which it was made.

"As also he is in the Moon, and the power thereof by which it was made.

"As also the light of the Stars, and the power thereof by which they were made.

"And the Earth also, and the power thereof; even the Earth upon which you stand.

"And the light which now shineth, which giveth you light, is through him who enlighteneth your eyes, which is the same light that quickeneth your understandings;

"Which light proceedeth forth from the presence of God to fill the immensity of space.

"The light which is in all things;

which giveth life to all things:

which is the law by which all things are governed: even the power of God who *See Doc. & Cov., Sec. 88, verses 7 to 13 inclusive;

also verses 41 to 50.

sitteth upon his throne, who is in the bosom of eternity, who is in the midst of all things."The Lord asked Job a very important, as also a scientific question which, of course, Job did not attempt to answer, and which would not be explicable today, even, had not God given the key.

"Where is the way (road) where light dwelleth?

That thou shouldst take it to the bound thereof and thou shouldst know the paths to the house thereof?"* According to the Nebular Hypothesis, the heat and light of the sun is the result of condensation of that body.

But conservative scientists are discarding the said Hypothesis; so they must now look elsewhere for a solution of the problem as to how and from whence the sun gathers its endless force, which it has been for ages, and is now paying out without apparent diminution.

"If the sun were pure coal,"say the philosophers, "it would burn out in five thousand years."W. Mattieu Williams, F.

R. A. S., F: C. S., of England, gives it as his opinion that, "the supply of heat is originally derived from atmospheric condensation due to gravitation, that the storage of surplus heat is effected by dissociation, and its evolution maintained by recombination or combustion."The sun spots, as explained by Mr. Williams "are huge vortices which break through the sun's photosphere, and drag down more or less of the outer vapor unto the lower and hotter regions,"and thus the supply is perpetual.

Many theories as to the initial source of the heat and light of the sun are advanced, yet none are free from objection.

When asked to describe "the paths to the house,"like Job of old, the lips of wise philosophers are sealed.

The Lord, however, in a few short sentences of scripture reveals the mystery of ages; for "theyt (the planets) give light to each other, which light proceedeth forth from the presence of God to fill the immensity of space."* Job, xxxviii, 19, 20.

f Doubtless means "fixed"stars.—J. B. K.

NIGH UNTO THE THRONE 01 GOD.

The earth, therefore, receives its light from the sun; and the sun receives his light from the other planets.

Surely, we are in the right "way."Let us again appeal to modern revelation:

"Kolob* is after the reckoning of the

Lord's time;

which Kolob is set nigh unto the throne of God, to govern all those planets which belong to the same order of that upon which thou standest.

And it is given unto thee to know the set time of all the stars that are set to give light, until thou cometh near unto the throne of God."This statement, taken in connection with the translation of the hieroglyphics copied from the "Book of Abraham'"makes it plain that Kolob "governs all the planets which belong to the same order as the earth,"and is "nearest to the celestial, or residence of God."Our sun is ninety-three million miles distant, and his light reaches us in eight minutes.

Go, then, to the sun.

Take the wings of the morning light, and launch outward into the infinitude of space.

All around it is cold, dark, and silent.

After three and a half years of unceasing flight, and a journey of more than twenty millions of millions of miles, your feet might rest upon the nearest star to our solar system—Alpha Centauri.

Take up the journey again;

direct your course toward the Pleiades, and then onward, still onward, and upward, through many generations of man, till the angel declares "that there shall be time no longer,"when, possibly you would be in the full blaze and splendor of the beautiful Alcyone larger and brighter than ten thousand suns.

Perchance you would have "come nigh unto Kolob, the greatest of all the stars that God showed unto Abraham."!

*See Pearl of Great Price, Plate No.

2, figs.

1 to 6; also page 31;

also Elder Geo. Reynold's annotations on the Book of Abraham, Chapter vii.

f "The sun has another movement.

We find the stars in Hercules spreading from each other.

Hercules's brawny limbs grow brawnier every century.

There can be but one cause, we are approaching that quarter of the heavens.

We "Impossible!"says the skeptic, "that all the solar energy sent forth from the sun, comes from eternity upon eternity, through the immensity of abysmal darkness.

Impossible!"With Paul we say, "let God be true but every man a liar; as it is written: "Light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehendeth it not,"which light proceedeth forth from the presence of God to fill the immensity of space.

Man lights an electric spark in Boston, and it shines in San Francisco;

he touches a key in New York, and the impulse quivers beneath the dark Atlantic and blazes forth in London.

Man uses the resources of earth, God the endless powers of eternity.

There is no reason to pause here.

Kolob is not the seat of "the ultimate force,"but shines, moves, and has his being of a higher source; and then transmits powers thus received to systems of fixed stars, thence on to our solar system.

Kolob is set nigh unto the throne of God.

Though monarch of the universe, moving in might, power and majesty through "an endless reach of sky,"he is obedient to a master mind, "even the are even able to compute the velocity of our approach.

It is eight miles a second.

The stars in the opposite of the heavens in the Drove are drawing nearer together."Recreations in Astronomy, by W. H. Warren, D. D.

"The Smithsonian report for 1871, speaking of Herschel, says:

'The world can afford to wait.

Astronomy advances.

It may be in the distant future, that the mysterious centre around which our sun and his worlds revolve, may be detected and afford a solution for other mysteries as well as these.

The greatest astronomer is equipped for no more than a Sabbath day's journey.'Another writer remarks, 'Madler attempted to show, from an examination of the proper motions of the stars, that the whole steller universe was revolving arond Alcyone, of the Pleiades (or seven stars) as a centre—

a theory, the grandeur of which led to its wide diffusion in popular writing."

Mr. Wm. Petrie, of London, writing with regard to this same star, says:

'Alcyone, a primeval name of the star, means the centre, and has quite recently been discovered to be really the centre around which even our whole solar system, amongst others rerolves.'"Annotations on the Book of Abraham, by Elder Geo. Reynolds.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

x 59 power ofGod who sitteth upon his throne, who is in the bosom of eternity, who is in the midst of all things."And now, lastly, to show that men of science are picking fruits near the highway of modern revelation, I will quote briefly from the writings of Prof Warren:

"We hav* climbed up from the revolving

Earth and moon to the revolving planets and sun, in order to understand how two or more suns can revolve about some centre of gravity.

Let us now leap to a grander idea:

that all the innumerable stars of a winter night not only can, but must revolve about some centre of gravity.

That one unmoving centre may be that city more gorgeous than eastern imagination ever conceived, whose pavement is transparent gold, whose walls are precious stones, whose light is life, and where dark planetary bodies never cast shadows.

There reigns the King and Lord of all, and ranged about are the far off provinces of his material systems.

They all move in his sight, and receive power from a Mind that never wearies."

Jos. B. Keeler.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

SCRIPTURAL ANALYSIS.—M.

H. HARDY AND GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

BIBLE.

Lecture XL.

The Assyrian Captivity. Time, B.

C.

Subdivisions:

1.

Cause;

a persistent transgression of the laws of God;

b attempted alliance of Israel;

2.

Nature;

a the three years'siege by Salmaneser, king of Assyria;

b banishment of the ten tribes to Media and Persia;

c the repopulating of the land by the Assyrians;

3.

Result;

a burdensome taxation of the Jews;

b the ten tribes lost to history.

References:

II Kings xvii;

Josephus, Book IX, chapter xiv.

XLI.

Deliverance of the two tribes, Judah and Benjamin from the Assyrian hosts.

Time, about 700 B.

C.

Subdivisions:

1. The enormous indemnity of over a million dollars for the purchase of peace;

2. The broken pledge of King Sennacherib;

3. The arrogance of the Assyrian commanders;

4.

Hezekiah's appeal to the Lord; a by prayer;

b through the prophet Isaiah;

5.

The sure promise of deliverance;

6. Death-stricken host of one hundred and eighty-five thousand Assyrian besiegers.

References:

II Kings, chapters xviii-xix; Josephus, Book X, chapter i.

XLI I.

Babylonian Captivity.

Time, about B.

C.

Subdivisions:

1. Babylonian embassy; a royal entertainment by King Hezekiah;

b the spoliation of Jerusalem foretold by Isaiah;

2.

The siege of Jerusalem by the armies of Nebuchadnezzar;

3. The burning of the temple and general pillaging, the Jews, made captive and carried into Babylon.

References:

II Kings, chapters xix-xxv;

Josephus Book X, chapters i-x.

BOOK OF MORMON.

Lecture XXXIX.

General Moroni, continued.

Time, B.

C.

72.

Subdivisions:

1.

Amalickiah the traitor 2.

The standard of liberty; a the symbolic banner;

b the immortal inscription:

"In memory of our God, our religion, and freedom, and our peace, our wives, and our children;"3. Moroni's invocation for the success of the Christians'cause;

4. Moroni's personal heralding of the Title of Liberty;

5.

The inspirational rally around the prophetic ensign;

6. Covenant of freedom;

7. The national hoisting of the standard of liberty;

8.

The suppression of the rebellion.

Reference: Alma, chapter xlvi.

XL General Moroni, continued.

Time, 71 B.

C.

Subdivisions:

1. General fortification, building and repairing, the Nephitic life of defense;

2. The invasion of the Lamanites;

3.

Brilliant victories of Generals Moroni, Lehi and

Teancum.

4. Maintenance of the republic and overthrow of the kingsmen.

Reference: Alma, chapters xlvii-li.

THEOLOGY.—B.

H. ROBERTS.

Lecture XVI.

Baptism:

The necessity of baptism.

References: John iii, 3-5;

Matt, xxviii, 19; Mark xvi, 16; Luke vii, 30;

Paul's case, Acts ix and xxii;

Cornelius'case, Acts x and xi;

Book of Mormon, II Nephi xxxi; Alma v, 61;

62;

Doctrine and Covenants, Section lxviii, 8-10, also Section cxii, 29;

"The Gospel"chapter xxi;

XVII.

The object of baptism:

the remission* of sins.

References:

Mark i, 4; Luke iii, 3;

Acts ii, 38;

Book of Mormon, Alma vii, 14;

III Nephi i, 23;

Ibid vii, 23-25;

Ibid xxx, Doctrine and Covenants, Section xix, 31;

Ibid

i6o ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Section lv, 21;

Section lxviii, 26, 27; Section lxxxiv, 74; "The Gospel,"chapter xxii.

XVIII.

The subjects for baptism:

Faith, and repentance prerequisites to baptism, hence baptism is for such as are capable of believing and repenting—the folly and sinfulness of infant baptism.

References: Book of Mormon, Moroni viii; "The Gospel,"chapter xxiii.

XIX.

The mode of baptism.

The meaning of the verb baptize—to dip, to plunge—interpretation by the manner in which the servants of Christ baptized.

References:

Mark i, 4;

John iii; 23; Mark Hi, 16; Mark i, 10;

Acts.viii, 36-39;

Romans vi, 3-5;

Col.

li, 12; Mosheim's Church History, 3d Edition (Murdock), Vol.

I, pp.

87, 137;

later revelation, Doctrine and Covenants, Section xx, 73, 74;

III Nephi xi, 23-27.

CHURCH HISTORY.—GEO.

C. LAMBERT.

Lecture XXII.

1838;

prisoners taken to Independence;

mock trial in Richmond;

profane guard rebuked;

prisoners sent to Liberty and Richmond jails.

XXIII.

1838-1839; capitulation at Far West;

General Clark's speech;

Saints expelled from Daviess County;

final exodus from Missouri;

temporary location in Quincy, Illinois.

XXIV.

1839;

escape of Joseph Smith and fellow-prisoners from Missouri;

conference of Apostles on Temple Site at Far West;

settlement of Nauvoo; escape of Parley P. Pratt and others from Columbia prison.

XXV.

1839-1840; departure of Apostles on a mission to England; incidents of the journey;

emigration of first company of British Saints;

Orson Hyde's mission to Jerusalem;

Times and Seasons published in Nauvoo.

XXVI.

1840; Joseph Smith's visit to Washington;

President Van Buren's answer;

death of Joseph Smith, Sen.; the Prophet demanded by Missouri authorities; Nauvoo incorporated.

XXVII.

1841-1842;

Hyrum Smith chosen as Patriarch; Nauvoo Legion organized; Nauvoo Temple commenced;

return of the Apostles from England baptisms for the dead commenced;

Relief Society organized; Ex-Governor Boggs shot; Joseph Smith accused of being accessory to the shooting and arrested.

XXVIII.

1842-1843;

removal of Saints to Rocky Mountains predicted by Joseph

Smith;

the Prophet on trial before Judge Pope;

first endowments given;

missionaries sent to the Pacific Islands;

arrest of Joseph Smith at •Dixon and subsequent ill-treatment;

O.

P.

Rockwell's imprisonment.

HISTORY.—ENGLAND.

Lecture XVIII.

Edward III, 1327 to 1377;

fifty year reign.

XIX.

Richard II, 1377 to 1399.

XX.

Henry IV, Bolingbroke, 1399 to I 4 I 3!

persecutions of the Lollards.

XXI.

Henry V, to 1422, the famous battle of Agincourt.

SCIENCE.—JAS.

E. TALMAGE.

References:

Steel's Geology; Dana's Geology;

First Book of Nature, Part III.

« Lecture XXI.

Rocks and Stones.

How soil is formed; kinds of common stones:

siliceous stones; calcareous stones;

clay stones;

plaster stones, etc.

XXII.

Pebbles.

How they are formed, and polished.

Illustrated by the manufacture of boy's marbles, conglomerates or "puddingstones."XXIII.

Sand and Mud.

How sand grains are made;

sand stones;

weathering of rocks;

formation of sand dunes; Mud, the finest division of rock.

XXIV.

Limestone.

Mostly formed from aqueous solutions;

purest kinds are marble, calcite, Iceland spar.

Limestone formations in caves, stalactites and stalagmites.

XXV.

Rocks formed by heat.

Volcanoes and their effects Lava flows.

Rocky viens:

some formed from solutions and others by molten material.

XXVI.

Coal. Evidences of vegetable origin.

Coal fossils, ferns, rushes, leaves fruits, etc.

Kinds of Coal: Anthracite, bituminous coal and lignite.

XXVII.

Rocky Pictures.

How fossils are made:

animal and vegetable remains.

Raindrop marks;

ripple marks.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT.—JOS.

B. KEELER.

Lecture VIII.

Judicial Department (Art. III.) 1. Courts; term of office; salary (sec. 1.) 2. Jurisdiction (sec. 2.) 3. Treason (sec. 3.) IX.

Miscellaneous Provisions:

Relations of States (Art.

IV.) 1. Records of one State in another (sec.

1.) 2.

Rights in one State of citizens of another (sec. 2.) 3. New States; U.

S.

Territory (sec.

3.) 4.

Protection of States by the nation (sec.

4.) Amendment (Art.

5.) National debt; national supremacy; oath (Art. 6.)

Establishment of Constitution (Art.

1: VII.) X, Amendments to the Constitution:

1.

Articles I to VIII, relate to prohibitions on Congress as to personal rights.

Arts. IX and X., rights not named in the Constitution.

3. Art, XI, judicial jurisdiction.

4. Art. XII, election of President and Vice-President.

5.

Art. XIII.

abolition of slavery.

6.

Art.

XIV, equal civil rights; apportionment of representatives, political disabilities, and public debt.

7. Art. XV., right of suffrage.

Combined Capita] and Assets exceed $12,750,000.

The HOME Insurance Company of New York, and The PHEENIX InsurancE Company of Hartford, Conn,,

Issue Joint Policies on Rpproved Property in Utah.

Havs paid Seventy Million Hollars for Iosses during the past Thirty-five YEars, ARTHUR E MAGILL, Dept, GenL Agent, San Francisco, Cal

HEBER J. GRANT ^ CO,, Agents, Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah.

THE HARTFORD Fire Insurance Company.

ORGANIZED 1794.

A^^E^TS, $5,288,604.00 BELDEN & COFRAN, Managers, Pacific Department, San Francisco, Cal.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents Salt Lake City, Utah.

NIAGARA FIRE INSURANCES COMPANY of New York.

CASH CAPITAL, CASH ASSETS, LOSSES PAID, 500,000 2,237,492 over 12,000,000 I.

S. BLACKWELDER, Manager Western Department, Chicago, 111.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GERMANAMERICAN INSURANCE COMPANY, Cash Capital, Cash Assets, Surplus, $1,000,000.00 5,285,289.00 3,112,138.00 uT-TT-TLTLnjiru irmjTjrnjTmuTjTjTjajTJxruuaririjTruTJa./

E. OELBERMANN Presidctii, /NO.

IV. MURRAY, Vice-President.

JAMES A. SfLVEY, Secretary.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

^Liverpool & London & Globe* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.k

Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston,

Income in the United States, 1887,....

Expenditures in the United States, 1887, $4, 500,000.00 4,114,103.44 3,635,121.43 CHICAGO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

TORN CRERAR, of Crerar, Adams & Co.

LEVI Z. LEITER, late Field, Letter & Co., EZRA J. WARNER, of Sprague, Warner <5c Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, Bis.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake City.

o<lnsurance Co.t^ -«H798i*- The Oldest Company in America.

«sof North America* Cash Capital, Cash Assets, $3,000,000.00 8,474,351.00 H.

J. GRANT & CO., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

''ennsyhm of MaielpMi.

ORGANIZED 1826 Stood the Test of All the Great Fires.

CAPITAL, $400,000.

FIRE ASSETS, $2,890,897, SURPLUS to Policy Holders, $2,007,968.

BROWN. CRAIG CO., San Francisco.

AGENTS HEBER J.GRANT & CO Salt Lake City.

American Fire OFASSETS, INCOME, 1888, EXPENDITURES, 1888, Established $2,401,956 $1,523,182 $1,415,773 I—yS^ S JRPLUS T0 P0LICY HOLDERS, 911,577 Birown,Craig&Co., General Agents, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.

H.J.Grant&Co., Resident Agents, SALT LAKE CITY.

*-H>@M&«-«-*»^^^tlM^fa-^r*-ft-^^fe^b*r* o ooooooooooooo oooooooooooooo o WHITE & SONS.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Owred Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

===WHITE «& »01V», z- W.

FIRST SOUXM STREET, TELEPHONE No.

282.

S-A-Xyi"X^-A^E CXTST.

o oooooooooooooo ooooooooooooo o JOHN If. BROWNING.

MATT.

S. BROWimf* nmmmg mrm* t Ogden, cri'-A-H.

Jhr WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN HKc J ARMS, AMMUNITION, ETC., Guns, Rifles, Pistols, |5«j}d*$,3|ase&8U yeah, Ifisllinj %atf)lq.

->1 i»KMP FOJtt CATALOGUE^ »!< Orders from All Parts of the Pocky Mountains Promptly Filled.

R. K. THOMAS, Bagle E>m.i>oritJ.mL.

. mi i I i i i mi i.

i n Pry Goods, 0€i:i»;pe1:{su Plotting, Motions.

R. K. THOMAS.

s-^^IM:. SHIELDS <fe CO-,- 43 & 45 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, *CONFECTIONERY.* THEi ^Thomson % Tafllof Spice go.,-* SPICES AND Mil EXTRACTS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

aggs:rB r;»ro£gs red CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET, t—^^^^mmmCHICAGO.^ mm

L D. YOUNG, AGENT FOR UTAH.

Jauks A. Hayes James Murray, Edwin G. Partridge •pajeg, B[nnraj| \ Co.,-* MANUFACTURERS Ladies', Misses', Children's, Boys and Youths.

*Z^ W"W*^±*M~1< ^^ NO.

1103 RACE ST..

»Jt±tJJtV?» •

Philadelphia.

s-^r^PIOlVBBR *"fe—

i PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent, Bakers No.

I, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

dJohn @. ©catlep W 8po., O^AGENTS,^ PROVO AftrOOJyJBMV GOODS, Always have in Stock a Fine Line of Home Made Suitings, Dress Goods, Flannels and Yarn.

OLD CO£f8TITT7TIOV BUILDING.

TO CONTRACTORS!

The New Era Railroad Builder will build 4-foot Embankments or the Base of large Embankments at a cost of from ii to z\ cents per cubic yard, and will load wagons at 2J to 3 cents per cubic yard.

Which We Stand, Really to Prove.

it stowing ov \y_ O^^Ovvv Ovvlo/- ^V^^ the Cheapest Methods of (j Handling Earth to FACTORY—Cor. Carpenter St., and Carroll Ave.,

CHICAGO, ILL.

Manufacturers of ^mixiL!lnM*iMK r««M«k*k Made of Annealed Steel and Galvanized Wire, and

I. H HI I I! R I I IS!l r fi II li H "** Pickets per Rod, at a cost of from 45 cts. to 81.0*

U VI 1 1 1 M I B I Ull U 1 1 I U1IUU) per Rod.

This ^ the Best Farm and Garden Fence Made.

Made ©aa. Zz3a.pxoTrecL 2?la,3a.

Setter tla-saa. &,ia.y XssapoxteaL.

Agents for the Celebrated HOUSEHOLD SEWINQ MACHINES D.&RG.

Pleasant Valley. COAL!

COLORADO ANTHRACITE, ie, Charcoal, Pig lion.

A. L. WILLIAMS, AGENT.

143 S, Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PREMIUMS.

Three Libraries.

One Hundred Volumes.

GIVEN TO THE Y. M. M.

I. A.

RELIEVING the officers of the Associations are generally interested in the welfare of The Contributor, and with a view to stimulating their interest in extending its circulation, we have determined to offer, as special premiums to the Associations, the following carefully selected libraries of choice books.

They form as good a foundation for an Association Library as it is possible for us to suggest, and we are confident that the Associations getting them will be amply repaid for the exertions made to secure them.

LIBRARY NUMBER ONE.—FIFTY VOLUMES—$72.50.

Will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M. I. A. in the Ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions for the Contributor, Volume Ten., April ist, 1889.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS—A series of historical studies, prepared by authors of the highest standing, elegantly printed and illustrated; published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, New

York, comprising the following twenty volumes, at $1.50 each, $30.00 I.

Greece, VI.

Norway, XI.

The Moors in Spain, XVI.

Assyria, II.

Rome, VII.

Spain, XII.

The Normans, XVII.

Ireland, III.

The Jews, VIII.

Hungary, XIII.

Persia, XVIII.

The Goths, IV.

Chaldea, IX.

Carthage.

XIV.

Ancient Egypt, XIX.

Turkey, V.

Germany, X.

The Saracens, XV.

Alexander's Empire, XX.

Media.

THE NEW PLUTARCH—A beautiful set of biographies containing the lives of those who have made the history of the world, edited by Walter Besant; published by G. P. Putnam's

Sons, New York, eleven volumes, at $1.00 each, $11.00.

I.

Abraham Lincoln, V.

Haroun al Raschid, IX.

Victor Emanuel, II.

Coligny, VI.

Sir John Franklin, X.

Marie Antoinette, III.

Judas Maccabaeus, VII.

Sir RichardWhittington, XI.

Frederick the Great.

IV.

Joan of Arc, VIII.

Martin Luther, LIFE OF COLUMBUS, by Washington Irving, three volumes, at $1.00 each, $3.00.

LIFE OF MAHOMET, by Washington Irving, two volumes, at $1.00 each, $2.00.

HISTORY OF ENGLAND, by Lord Macaulay, Harper's Edition, five volumes, at #1.00 each, $5.00

HISTORY OF OUR OWN TIMES, by Justin Macarthy, two volumes, at $1.50 each, $3.00.

STORIES FOR BOYS, by Edward Everett Hale, five volumes, at.jjji.oo each, £5.00,

Stories of Invention, Stories of War.

Stories of Discovery, Stories of the Sea, Stories of Adventure.

BEN HUR, A Story of the Savior, by Gen. Lew Wallace, $1.50.

WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY, latest edition, indexed, $12.00.

LIBRARY NUMBER TWO.—THIRTY V0LUMES-$47.00.

Will be GIVEN to theY. M. M.I. A., of less than fifty, and more than twenty-five members, in the

Ward, having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to The Contributor, Vol. Ten,

April ist, 1889.

STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), twenty volumes, at $1.50, $30.00.

UNCIVILIZED RACES OF THE WORLD—Two volumes, pages, illustrated, and bound in library sheep, at $4.00 each, $8.00.

SAMUEL SMILES'WORKS—Self-Help, Thrift, Character, Dutv—four volumes, $1.00 each, $4.00

PLUTARCH'S LIVES—two volumes, at $1.25 each, $2.50.

H ISTORIES OF HERODOTUS—two volumes, at $1.25 each, #2.50.

LIBRARY NUMBER THREE.—TWENTY VOLUMES-$30.00.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS, (as above), will be GIVEN to the Y. M. M.

I. A. of less than twenty-five members in the ward having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions to

The Contributor-, Volume Ten, April ist, 1889.

CONDITIONS:

The Associations competing for either of these libraries, will be required to certify, by the President and Secretary, to the number of members enrolled on March ist, 1889, and who have actually attended meetings during the season.

Subscribers names will be entered upon THE Contributor books, arranged in the wards m which they live; and the awarding of the libraries will be determined by the numbers, as they appear paid up in full April ist 1889.

Officers of the Associations are requested to promote the canvass for subscriptions not only among the members, but throughout their respective wards, as the award of premiums will be made with respect to the number of subscribers, whether they are members of Associations or not. Names should be forwarded through the local agent, or direct to the office, where the officers may see the Premium Volumes, and get further information if desired.

J.U/.^ardley, 340 Fh$ Eaft pal! BlocI^ Worth of Wa?hin,gton Square.

SASH, DOORS, E^to.

TELEPHONE 113.

-I^SURE^ \?vriTH The Mutual Life InguMce Co of [lewYo^.

CASH ASSETS, over §120,000,000:-s--A.Me, I w. H. CAMPBE ER FOR UTAH, P.O.BOX 241, salt lake city.

I GEO. E. BLAIR, Special Agent xottxs rex-H^^s, W.H.CAMPBELL, Agent at Ogden.

DISTRICT MANAGER FOR UTAH, 1889.

Harper's Magazine.

ILLUSTRATED.

1889.

Harper's Weekly.

ILLUSTRATED.

Harper's Periodicals, •RER YEAR.

Harper's Magazine $4.00 Harper's Weekly 4.00 Harper's Bazar $4.00 Harper's Young People 2.00 Postage Free to all subscribers in the United States, Canada or Mexico.

Address, KARPEB BROTHERS, New York.

1889.

Harper's Bazar.

ILLUSTRATED.

18 89.

Harper's Young People.

An Illustrated Weekly.

JHE DESEI^ES ffEU/S.

SUBSCRIBE FOR SEMI-WEEKLY, Enlarged and Greatly Improved, $3.Q0 a Year.

WEEKLY NEWS, in Magazine form, $2.5Q a Year.

jvfotiee The Great Premjum^teelJ^grayjngs of President Brigham Young have arrived and will be delivered to subscribers residing in Salt Lake Coon application at the 6ffice, between the 1st and 15th of February, No. 4Q

M ai n St.—we move office on 16th—

^Tlr^yjwxUb^qr^arded jtoouir age nts for delivery to subscribers throughout the Territory, during the month,

Only Subscribers who hav<? paid $2.50 (u/hieh also includes Binding) an?

entitled to this 5b?? 1 £n(5ravin<3.

HOME of UTAH. hTGrant & Co., General Agents uurLn.n_nj-LruT-n M- bcr J. Grant, Treat.

J. F. Grant, Manager.

G. T. Odell, Asst. Mgr.

R S. Wells. S<-cy.

\TU If U'LTUXTLTLTU £ PAID UP CAPITAL, $T 50,000!

ri rLnJUisxrin Half Block South of Theatre, Lake City.

-HLVIESm 5)fl_rtfior,G o-operaave b acnffleu mi iu irui-rLnjTJiruT.

~^g^ggggg^gg j\juu. u u u Lanjuuiruinnnjii The Leading Agricultural Implement House of Utah.

i U Lru-LTLTUTJ tTJUlfu-L.;

UU LOJ Mitchell Bain WAGOf'S, WOOD MACHINES, DEERE PLOWS, RUSSELL & CO.'S MACHINERY.

*»•CARRIAGES, BUGGIES3 ROAD CARTS, HARNESS, ii-rLnjijT-njij lti f in^"n Opp. Z. C M. I.

Fn# Cla^toil^tofe A Choice Selection of Groceries, Dry Goods, Boots and Shoes.

TOWN & COUNTRY TRADE SOLICITED.

ALuNZO VOUNG, Manager.

SUBSCRIBE FOR The Contributor.

Volume Ten.

EVEIS-H- 3T7BSCEIBEK O-ETS Forty Page Magazine Every Month.

The Volume Bound at the end of the year FREE.

FOUR IULL PAGE STEEL ESGRAVINGS^Xf™^, BSS ^^Itel f Bn^iSf'X PRESIDENT BBIGHAM YOUNG.

This engraving is 19x24 inches, and is not only the finest engraving, but the best portrait ever offered to the people of Utah.)

IWT^ALL FOR $2.50. ^H TOE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY, MA ft sT4 R? ET> Salt Lake City