March A, a love st umber.

the Sierras, by^Alfred Lambourne, (fa I 22) I ^5 H i Ik If gP I ONTRIBUTOR A'^ONTHLYTAACAZINE I Si Vol. XI.

JWHUCH, 1890Ho 5.

if I I i PUBLISHED • BY -THE CONTRIBUTOR- COSALT LAKE CITY- UTAH- 3S IS 3i3

THE

CONTRIBUTOR CONTENTS FOR MARCH 1890.

V.I..

The Kingdom of God President Brigham Young...

Moroni: A Sketch of the Nephite Republic.

V....A'. //. Roberts i^>4 Fiametta. Sketch for a Love Tale of the Sierras. I. Alfred Lamboume

Pioneer Sketches.

II Santiago...

Edison as a Newsboy Bees and Wasps /. E.

Talmage School and Home Influence Clara Chambers The Cruelties of War F. W. Jackson The Blessed Brood Good Housekeeping Editorial:

Salt Lake City Election..

Educating the Indians *95 The Kingdom of God Woman—A Subject Amethyst Paris and the Eiffel Tower S.

T.

Whitaker Association Intelligence...

2°° Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst.

Cashier.

Zioi/s Sauii^s Bar;l\ j^i<rTD OPRTJ^^T COMPAXY,^ 1 & 3 Sckvfc ^empCe St., Sail; j2afW Gift*.

ESTABLISHED 1873.

DIRECTORS.

Wilford Woodruff, /Vert., George Q. Cannon, Vice-1'rest.,

Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Le Grande Young, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Clawson.

INCORPORATED 1888.

DOES A General Banking Business.

Pays €5 Per Cent Interest on Savings Prpn-iitn IWoney to Loan, °le^Z:

a at Lorn Eates ol Interest.

ORGANIZED OCTOBER

16th, 1868.

Pxbdint, WILTORD WOODRUFF, Secretary, - - - T. G. WEBBER, VlCB-PREHMMT, MOSES THATCHER, Treasurer.

- - A. W. CARLSON.

-DIRECT0R8Geo. Q. Canneo, John Sharp, Henry Dinwoodey, William H. Rowe, Jos. F. Smith, George Romney, P. T. Farnsworth, Thos, W. Jennings.

Heber J. Grant, John R. Winder, John R. Barnes, Manufacturers, Importers, and Wholesale and

Retail Dealers in Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AT OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache Cou nty, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

EAGLE ROCK, Idaho.

Co-operative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE and FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Tinware and Stamped Ware, Hats and Caps, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Paper Hangings, Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Boots and Shoes, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Rubber Goods, Tools and Implements, Leather and Findings, Stationery and Blank Books, Pure Drugs and Medicines, School Books, Wines and Liquors, Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

l^* Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careful Attention.

T. G. WEBBKR, Supt.

Union Pacific Railway.

The (Popular Line for Central and Southern Utah, •fMOUNTAIN DIVISION.

Northern Utah,Idaho and Montana, and all points East.

GOOD EQUIPMENT, QUICK TIME JL(D BEST OF ACCOMMODATIONS.

O. M. CUMMING, General Manager.

J.

V. PARKER, A. G. F. and P. Agent.

FRANCIS COPE, G. F. and P. Agent.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANOA.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN o/ the GODS, GRAAD CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

JieimeSquec$mk BETWEEN CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS NEW YORK PASSENGERS FROM THE WEST Can Secure Through Day and Pullman Sleeping Car Service from

ST. LOUIS over the OHIO & MISSISSIPPI and ERIK RAILWAYS, or jirom

CHICAGO over the CHICAGO & ATLANTIC and ERIE RAILWAYS to the important Eastern Cities.

Limited Trains, Oaily Kquippedwith PULLMAN'S latest pattern of PALACE and DRAWING ROOM COACHES.

ASK FOR YOUR TICKETS Via the ERIE RAILWAY, ON SALE AT ALL THE PRINCIPAL RAILWAY STATIONS throughout the West.

W.

H.

Ill It LHI It T, Oenl. Western Passenger Agent,

CHICAGO.

L.

P. FARMER, (lent. Passenger Agent, NEW YORK.

UNION

PACIFIC ( VIA^- The Union Pacific!

"TIE OLD OVERLAND ROUTE,"-(BETWEEN) Utah and the Missouri River "(TAKE THE FAST TRAIN,) "THE OVERLAND FLYER'And Save One Day Crossing the ContinentNo

Tourist can properly appreciate the Grandeur of the Scenery or the Magnificence, Extent and Resources of the United States, until he has compassed journeys to the following points:

COLORADO JN GENERAL, UTAH IN GENERAL, and SaLT LAKE CITY in. Particular;

Yellowstone National Parle, The Great Shoshone Falls, rThe Columbia River, Oregon, Puget Sound and Alaska;

The Sierra* in Nevada, California in General, Yosemite, the Big Trees, And Los Angeles, And Mining Camps, Cities, and Health Resorts of the Rocky Mountains, all o t which are best reached via the

UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY.

Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

THOS.

L. KIMBALL, Gen*l Manager, OMAHA, NEB T. W. LEE.

Ass'tGen'Pass Ag't, OMAHA, NEB.

E.

L. LOMAX, GenM Pass. Ag't.

OMAHA, NEB.

J V. PARKER.

Dtv Pass. Ag't..

SALT LAKE CITT.'UTAH

1^1 C"5 CX3 O r—

crc* Leonard G. Hardy, Elias Morris, Alonxo Young, Oscar H. Hardy.

oooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooo

Hardy, Yoang & Co., Oppo«it» Z. O M.

I.

oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

Iect/m of Groceries, Dry Goods, Boots & Shoes.

Tocao and Coaot*y Tpade Solicited.

##WWMWWWWWWW«^ MANAGER B. p. & J4-!*• StllEET, manufacturers of "Common Sense"Sleighs, "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba Sleighs,

Improved Freight Wagons, Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks, Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

QO-OpEFyrpi/E U/pqON AND flV^INE <;0., Sole p^nts.

DENNIS LONG k COMPANY, ^LOUISVILLE, KY.I MANUFACTURE EXCLUSIVELY Cast-iron Gas i Water Pipe, And Special Castings of all Sizes.

GHOTOH WOlli.

BOOK OF MORMON.

Gilt.

.

.

$2.75 Full Bock,.

.

2.00 Full Roan,.

1.75 Full Leather, embossed, $1.25

Full Cloth, embossed, 1.00 DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS Gilt, Full Bock, Full Roan, $2.75 2 00 1 -75 PEARL OF GREAT PRICE.

Morocco, Gilt,.

$1.25 Leather, Gilt,.

.

1.00 Full Leather, embossed, 1.25 Full Clotn, embossed, 1.00 Roan Cloth, embossed,.

.50 KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY.

Full Roan, embossed,.75 VOICE OF WARNING.

Full Roan, embossed,.50 SPENCER'S LETTERS.

Full Roan, embossed, $1.00 HYMN BOOK.

Fourteenth Edition.

Full Roan,.75 Leather, extra finish, 1.25 Full Cloth, embossed, Full Cloth, embossed, Full Cloth, embossed, Full Leather, Leather, Gilt,.50 •35 1.00 1.S0 LATTER-DAY SAINTS'PSALMODY.

Paper Covered Boards, Cloth Back, $150 each, £16,00 per Dozen.

Cloth Bound,.

.

1.60 17.00 Cloth and Leather Bound,.

1.70 18.00 If sent by Mail, 17 cents per copy additional.

CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN.

Leather,.

.

$.40 j Boards,.

.

.20 Cloth.

.

.

.25 I Stiff Cover,.

.

.15

Salesman—Yes, this is the stove you inquired for.

As you say.

it does not look exactly like the one your mother recommended you to buy, and which she thinks so much of, but it is a

Charter Oak Range, We have l he Cook Stoves of the same make but the flanges are used more generally now. as they are more convenient.

How long has your mother had her stove?

Young Makkied Lady—Oh! ever so Jong.

She bought it when I was a baby, and has been using ii ever since and she told me I must get the same kind.

Salesman—Well, this is the same kind That is, it is a Charter Oak, but you must remember that twenty years is a long time, and improvements have been made since your mother got hers.

This Range has the wonderful Wire, (iauze Oven Door, whish you have probably heard of. as it is known and sold everywhere in connection with our Stoves and Ranges.

Young Makkied Lady—Oh!

I remember now. She spoke about that, but I can't understand

Why that should make it so much better than our old stove, as that was as good as it Gould be.

Salesman—there is no doubt about its being much better; it is a wonderful improvement.

It bakes everything so much nic< r and the meats are not dried up like they are in the old fashioned tight ovens.

Why, a steak can be broiled in that oven as perfectly as over a charcoal fire, and the natural juices of the meat, which make it so appetizing, will all be retained.

It is just the same with roast meats.

Of course it is needless for me to speak of its other good qualities, as your mother s advice has made that unnecessary.

Young Makkied Lady—Well, of course, I will take it.

Please have it put up aa soon as you can, as we have no stove yet.

We are just commencing housekeeping, you know.

These STOVES, and RANGES;art< Recommended and kept For Sale by Z/C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

Vol.

XI.

MARCH, 1890.

No.

5.

THE KINGDOM OF GOD.

BY PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG.

The time will come when »the Kingdom of God will reign free and independent.

There will be a kingdom on the earth that will be controlled upon the same basis, in part, as that of the Government of the United States and it will govern and protect in their rights the various classes of men, irrespective of their different modes of worship for the law must go forth from Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem, and the Lord Jesus will govern every nation and kingdom upon the earth.

A great many have thought that every person will then be in the Church, but that will not be the case.

There will then be as great a variety in religious beliefs as there is now.

Many have thought all will believe in the revelations of the Lord Jesus Christ when the Kingdom of God is fully established, but they will not, and if those characters were in heaven they might believe, but would not obey the revelations of Jesus

Christ.

There are multitudes in this Church who have not yet learned these truths, and there are multitudes in the world who would not know Jesus, were he to pass before their eyes, and would not understand what he meant were he to speak to them.

Such will be the case in the Millennium.

The Kingdom ot God will grow out of this Church.

Erroneous traditions and the powers of darkness have such sway over mankind, that when we speak of a theocracy on the earth, the people are frightened.

The government of the "holy Catholic Church,"from which all Protestant churches are offshoots, is professedly theocratic, though it is directly opposed to the theocracy described in the Bible.

But few, if any, understand what a theocratic government is.

In every sense of the word, it is a republican government, and differs but little in form from our national, state and Territorial governments, but its subjects will recognize the will and dictation of the Almighty.

The Kingdom of God circumscribes and comprehends the municipal laws, for the people in their outward government, to which pertain the Gospel covenants by which the people can be saved, and those covenants pertain to fellowship and faithfulness.

The Gospel covenants are for those who believe and obey; municipal laws are for both saint and sinner.

The Constitution and laws of the United

States resemble a theocracy more closely than any government now on the earth, or that ever has been, so far as we know, except the goverment of the children of

Israel to the time when they elected a king.

All governments are more or less under the control of the Almighty, and in their forms, have sprung from the laws that he has from time to time given to man.

Those laws, in passing from generation to generation, have been more or less adulterated, and the result has been the various forms of government now in force among the nations for as the prophet says of Israel, "They have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinances, and broken the everlasting covenant."

Whoever lives to see the Kingdom of God fully established upon the earth, will see a government that will protect every person in his rights.

If that government was now reigning upon the land of

l62 THE KINGDOM OF GOD.

Joseph, you would see the Roman Catholic, the Greek Catholic, the Episcopalian, the Methodist, the Baptist, the Quaker, the Shaker, the Hindoo, the Mahometan, and every class of worshipers, most strictly protected in all their municipal rights and in the privilege of worshiping who, what, and when they pleased, not infringing upon the rights of others. Does any candid person in his sound judgement desire any greater liberty?

The Lord has thus far protected and preserved the human family under their various forms and administrations of government, notwithstanding their wickedness, and is still preserving them; but if the Kingdom of God, or a theocratic government, was established upon the earth, many practices now prevalent would be abolished.

One community would not be permitted to array itself against another, to coerce them to their standard; one denomination would not be suffered to persecute another because they differed in religious belief and mode of worship.

Every one would be fully protected in the enjoyment ofall religious and social rights, and no state, no government, no community, no person would have the privilege of infringing on the rights of another; one Christian community would not rise up and persecute another.

If this people had the power to-day, they would not infringe in the least upon the rights of any person;

neither could they without ceasing to be

Saints.

When the Saints of the Most High are established upon the earth, and are prepared to receive the Kingdom of God in its fullness, as foretold by the Prophet Daniel, they will have power to protect themselves and all the sons and daughters of Adam in their rights.

Then when a person or community says:

"I do not want to believe your religion, 'they will enjoy the liberty to believe as they please as fully as we shall.

When the Kingdom of God is established, we can believe in the principles of the eternal Priesthood or in something else, and be equally protected in our outward rights.

My law, says Jehovah, is pure:

it is the law by which the worlds are made and by which all things are.

Those laws tend to exaltation and power;

but the world is observing rules that tend to death.

You have the privilege of believing and practicing a law that will bring to an end, if you wish, not only to the first death, but also to the second.

It is recorded in the Bible that in the last days the God of heaven will set up a kingdom.

Will that kingdom destroy the human family?

No;

it will save every person that will and can be saved.

It is alleged and reiterated that we do not love the institutions of our country.

I say, and have so said for many years, that the Constitution and laws of the United States combine the best form of government in force upon the earth.

But does it follow that each officer of the government administers with justice?

No;

for it is well known throughout our nation that very many of our public officers are as degraded, debased, corrupt, and regardless of right as men well can be.

I repeat that the Constitution, laws, and institutions of our government are as good as can be, with the intelligence now possessed by the people.

But they, as also the laws of other nations, are too often administered in unrighteousness;

and we do not and cannot love and respect the acts of the administrators of our laws, unless they act justly in their offices.

Jehovah has decreed and plainly foretold the establishment of His Kingdom upon this earth; and it will prove to me a shield to the ordinances of His house, in the endowments, and in all the gifts and graces of the Spirit of God with which the Priesthood, so to speak, is clothed.

The municipal laws of that kingdom are designed for the protection of all classes of people in their legitimate rights; and were it now in its fulness upon the earth, and the New Jerusalem built upon this continent, which is the land of Zion, the Latter-day Saints would not alone enjoy its blessings, but all denominations and communities would be alike protected in their rights, whether they worshiped the Supreme Author of our

THE KINGDOM OF GOD.

existence, or the sun, or the moon, or, as do some of our aborigines, a white dog;

and none will be permitted to infringe upon their neighbors, though every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that

Jesus is the Christ The'Hindoos would have the privilege of erecting their temples and of worshiping as they pleased;

but they would not be permitted to compel other worshipers to conform to their mode of worship, nor to burn their companions upon the funeral pyre;

for that would interfere with individual rights.

The kingdom that the Almighty will set up in the latter days will have its officers;

and those officers will be peace.

Every man that officiates in a public capacity will be filled with the Spirit of God, with the light of God, with the power of God, and will understand right from wrong, truth from error, light from darkness, that which tends to life and that which tends to death.

They will say, "We offer you life;

will you receive it?"''No,"some will say.

''Then you are at perfect liberty to choose death:

the Lord does not, neither will we control you in the least in the exercise of your agency.

When the Kingdom of God is established upon the earth, people will find it to be very different from what they now imagine.

Will it be in the least degree tyrannical and oppressive towards any human being?

No, it will not;

for such is not the Kingdom of God.

I believe in a true republican theocracy, and also in a true democratic theocracy, as the term democratic is now used;

for they are to me, in their present use, convertible terms.

What do I understand by a theocratic government?

One in which all laws are enacted, and executed in righteousness, and whose officers possess that power which proceedeth from the Almighty.

That is the kind of government I allude to when 1 speak of a theocratic goyernment, as the Kingdom of God upon the earth.

It is, in short, the eternal powers of the Gods.

What do the world understand theocracy to be? A poor, rotten government of man, that would say, without the shadow of provocation or just cause, "Cut that man's head off; put that one on the rack;

arrest another, and retain him in unlawful and unjust duress while you plunder his property and pollute his wife and daughters;

massacre here and there."The Lord Almighty does nothing of that kind, neither does any man who is controlled by His Spirit.

Again, the theocracy I speak of is the power of the Holy Ghost within you that living and eternal principle that we do not possess in the fulness that we are seeking.

When we talk about heavenly things, and see the world grovelling in their sin and misery, and loving iniquity and corruption, the heavens weep over the people, and still they will not infringe upon their rights.

God has created them so far perfectly independent as to be able to choose death or life; and he will not infringe upon this right.

We have a kingdom to organize, and I say, Seek to know that you have the kingdom within you and that you are in it.

Seek to establish the kingdom ofGod upon the earth, for that will give you wisdom to add to yourselves everything necessary.

The Lord will not himself plough our grounds, sow our grain, and reap it when it is ripe.

The man that understands the kingdom of God will seek to understand the elements in which he lives, and to know something of his own organization, the design of it, and the designs of Heaven in it.

Is the kingdom of God in its perfection on the earth?

It is not.

True, we believe in the Lord esus Christ, we believe in his ordinances.

We believe that the Lord called Joseph

Smith and ordained him an Apostle and

Prophet to this generation, giving him the keys and power of the Holy Priesthood.

We believe in the gathering of the house of Israel in the latter-days, in the redemption of Zion, in the building up and establishment of Jerusalem, and in the gathering of the Jews from their long dispersion;

in short, we believe all that the ancient Prophets have spoken, but where is the people that is willing to build up the visible kingdom of God and that is capable of dictating this great work?

The Lord will make the people willing in the day of his power.

MORONI.

A SKETCH OF THE NEPHITE REPUBLIC.

beneath the debris.

v.

It is not my purpose to follow the peregrinations of Alma in his missionary labors.

It is sufficient to say he met with that varied experience so characteristic of missionary life.

Sometimes hailed as a messenger of God and honored as such, and then again despised, reviled mobbed or cast into prison.

This latter experience he passed through in the City of Ammonihah.

The treatment he received in this nest of iniquity and infidelity was simply shameful.

Many of those who professed belief in his message were committed to the flames in his presence, while the fiendish rabble mockingly called upon him to save them.

Himself and his faithful companion, one Amulek, they dragged before their judges who committed them to prison.

There assembled the lawyers with the judges and priests to taunt them with their helplessness, to spit upon them, and to smite them with their fists.

They were kept without food and without water, bound with cords and stripped of their clothing.

After many days of such treatment the lawyers and udges and priests again came into the prison and asked them why they did not deliver themselves from their bondage:

"Deliver yourselves from these bonds, and then we will believe that the Lord will destroy this people according to your words."Alma and his companion had prophesied that unless they repented ot their sins their city should be destroyed and become desolate.

After these taunts, each one passed by and smote their faces, repeating what had been before said.

And after the last one had thus insulted them, in the calm dignity of an offended messenger, nay more, a son of God, Alma arose to his feet and said: "How long shall we suffer these great afflictions, O Lord?

O Lord, give us strength according to our faith which is in Christ, even to our deliverance."After that prayer, their bonds were broken, fear seized upon their persecutors and they fled from their presence; but ere they could gain the outside of the prison an earthquake shook its walls and buried them But from the midst of trembling pillars, falling archways and crumbling walls, God gave his servants safe conduct, leaving them to wend their way unmolested to a more hospitable people.

About a year after these events, in the eleventh year of the republic, there was another invasion of the Nephite country by the Lamanites.

The invasion was as sudden as it was unexpected.

The Nephites were powerless to hinder it.

The invasion was made from the wilderness side of their country, most probably from the south-west.

The invaders penetrated the Nephite lands as far as the city of Ammonihah, and destroyed it with all its inhabitants.

Yes, the great city that was the pride of those infidels, who blasphemously boasted that God could not destroy it, was laid desolate in a day, its inhabitants slaughtered and left to be devoured by dogs and the wild beasts of the forests and its structure thrown down to be over-run with weeds, with clambering vines and ferns, until the deep morass or the tangled forest covered the spot desecrated by man's pride, his gross iniquity and heaven-insulting blasphemy.

Oh, Sodom, Gomorrah, Tyre, Sidon, Babylon, cities of Egypt, Ammonihah What lessons, what warnings ye are to mortals Where now are your cloudcapped towers, your gorgeous palaces, your massive pillars, your splendid arches, your princely mansions, your mighty walls, your ponderous gates?

i Crumbled into shapless masses, a hopeless desolation, cursed of God, shunned of man Ye glorious cities, once the pride of your people, their seeming strength and always their boast; as unstable have ye been as the baseless fabric of a night's vision, or the fleeting clouds.

Yet man will not profit even now by the lessons which ye teach; but blindly plods along, building as his fathers built, committing sins as did his fathers, walking in their pride, repeating their blasphemies, rejecting God's counsels, and yet, expecting to escape the fate of his fathers, and of his fathers'cities Boasting that the structure he erects now must needs be

MORONI.

immortal, and his civilization eternal;

unmindful that thus his fathers reasoned, and thus hoped, but reasoned and hoped alike in vain.

Unrelenting Time with his revolutions broke in upon their security and destroyed their cities and the inhabitants thereof.

And thus the sad lesson has been repeated generation after generation and will be until man learns to build his social and political fabrics in righteousness, founding them on truth and justice, accepting gratefully the guidance of heaven, and learns to know God and His laws.

But let us turn from this apostrophe to plain narrative.

The Nephites under the leadership of one Zoram and his sons, Lehi and Aha, drove the invading Lamanites from their lands without much bloodshed.

This invasion was followed by a period of peace lasting some four years, when another war broke out.

It happened in this wise:

The sons of Mosiah, who some fifteen years previous to the breaking out of the war of which I speak, renounced all claim to the Nephite throne, and devoted themselves to the work of the ministry among the Lamanites, were very successful in their mission, brought many thousands of the Lamanites to a knowledge of their Redeemer, and organized strong churches in the land of Nephi-Lehi.

Then happened what always does happen, those who rejected the truth were stirred up to anger against those who received it.

On the continent of America, no less than in Judea, one of the results of accepting the Gospel was incurring the hatred of the ungodly.

These new converts to the Gospel were bitterly hated by their brethren.

A revolution in the Lamanitish government was attempted, but the good old king died before he was dethroned.

War—if the murder of unresisting multitudes can be properly called war, for the

Lamanitish Saints refused to resist their enemies—war was waged upon them and their extermination threatened.

The propriety of making preparations to defend themselves from the assaults of their enemies had been discussed, but the conversion of these Lamanites to the Gospel had brought with it such an aversion to the shedding of blood—in which they had recklessly indulged previous to their conversion—that they now refused to take up arms even in their own defense.

But instead thereof, bound themselves into a covenant never more to shed the blood of their fellow men, no matter what the provocation might be, and taking their weapons of war they buried them deep in the earth, as a token of peace, and also that they would never again use weapons for the shedding of man's blood.*

This covenant they kept under the most trying circumstances.

At the first general assault made upon them, one thousand and five were struck down, and yet no act of resistance or attempt to escape was made.

And then their enemies, sick of slaying men who would not resist or flee, stopped the butchering, andjmany of them were converted by the conduct of these believers.

But the sons of Mosiah, fearing that the lull in the storm of persecution was but temporary, and desirous of saving the lives of their converts—their people, proposed an exodus from the land of Nephi to Zarahemla;

and finding through revelation that the Lord approved of it, the Lamanite Saints took up their journey and reached their destination in safety. The Nephites received them gladly and set apart for their occupation the land of Jershon, to the east of Zarahemla and south of the land Bountiful, bordering on the East Sea, as the Nephites called the Atlantic Ocean.

The conditions agreed upon between the Nephites and these Lamanite Saints known as the people of Ammon—were that they give a portion of their substance to sustain the Nephite armies; and on their part the Nephites were pledged to protect them from their enemies.

No sooner had the people of Ammon fairly settled in Jershon than a host of Lamanites appeared in the south border of the Nephite country.

They had pur- *Alma Chapter XXIV.

I doubt not but that it was from this circumstance, handed down through the traditions of their fathers, that comes the source of the custom among the Indians, of burying the hatchet when making a covenant of peace, either among themselves or with the whites.

1 66 MORONI.

sued the Ammonites as soon as they had learned of their flight, but failed to overtake them. They were met by the Nephite forces and a desperate battle ensued, both parties sustaining heavy losses in killed and wounded.

But the Nephites were finally successful, and drove the intruders from their midst.

The white wings of peace were again spread over the lands of the Nephites for three years.

The only disturbance being in the latter part of the third year through the preaching of an infidel, one Korihor, who sought the overthrow of the Church.

After creating great disturbance in various principal cities of the land, he was brought to Zarahemla before Alma, the high priest.

In the course of his examination for his great blasphemy against God, he was smitten dumb by the power of God.

This ended his influence among the people; he became a vagabond and an outcast, and finally perished miserably.

The eighteenth year of the republic witnessed another Lamanite invasion, the fourth since the founding of the republic.

The object of this invasion was the subjugation of the Nephite people to Lamanite rule.

It must be remembered by the reader that the Lamanites were thoroughly educated to the idea that in the original settlement of the country they inhabited, Nephi, the younger son of Lehi, had usurped the powers of government which of right belonged to the elder sons, Laman and Lemuel.

They were prejudice-blind in this matter.

They overlooked the fact that Nephi and his friends, finding it incompatible with their safety and peace to dwell with their elder brethren and their followers, withdrew from their midst, made a long journey northward and settled in an unoccupied land and established a society and government of their own, basing it upon such principles as in their judgment seemed most likely to secure to themselves and their posterity the blessings of life, liberty and happiness.

This they had a right to do; and by doing it, they severed whatever bands united them to their original colony.

Surely if any number of people in a community do not desire to submit to the regulations sought to be imposed, they ought to be permitted to depart.

And in as much as they go to a land over which the original community has no jurisdiction, they have a right to institute such order of government as they choose, select such executive, and make such regulations pertaining to succession of authority, as seemeth them good.

This unquestionable right of man, the Lamanites ignored, and claimed the right to rule over the Nephites.

This unfortunate circumstance acted always as a spur on the ambitious leaders, and made a convenient cause of war whenever one was desired.

It was also a circumstance that apostates from the Nephite Church always availed themselves of, whenever it suited their purpose to arouse the Lamanites to war against their former brethren; and we shall see how they made cruel use of it before the close of this sketch.

The man who led the forces of the Lamanites in this third invasion was named Zarahemna.

Nothing can be learned of his previous history; but that he was a man well versed in human nature, a warrior of no mean ability and of desperate courage, is quite evident from the course he pursued in conducting this war.

In the first place he had observed that the hatred ofan apostate is inplacable, and more deeply rooted in his heart, than in the heart of one who never learned the truth and turned from it.

He saw this and took advantage of it by placing apostates from the Nephites, and there seemed to be large numbers of them in his forces, in command of the subdivisions of his army, with a view of keeping alive the deepest possible hatred against their adversaries.

It is at this period of our sketch that its principal character first appears.

Moroni leaps into the arena a warrior, armed cap-a-pie for the conflict.

He is but twenty-five years of age, and yet he is commander-in-chief of the Nephite armies.

Nothing may be learned of his parentage or early life.

Yet it is reasonable to suppose that in the stormy life of the young republic he had rendered distinguished military service, else he would not have occupied the important post we

MORONI.

find him standing at, when first introduced to him.

War had been forced upon the Nephites so frequently during the existence of the republic that many distinguished military leaders must have been developed among them; and a man at twenty-five having conferred upon him the high station of commander-in-chief ol all the Nephite armies, must have given evidence of remarkable military skill.

He was seven years of age when the first chief judge of the republic was elected.

At twelve he witnessed the efforts made by Amlici and his band of conspirators to overthrow the, new government, followed immediately by the first invasion of Lamanites to accomplish the same purpose.

He was eighteen when the second invasion of Lamanites occurred, and doubtless took an active part in the operations against them.

At twenty-two he saw another attempt to subjugate his people to Lamanite rule, and now at the fourth attempt he was twenty- five.

This is not the place to speak of the character, the wisdom, the valor, the patriotism, the courage, or the military skill of our hero.

Let the events, occurring in the period of eighteen years subsequent to his introduction and the part he took in shaping those events, prove his title to noble patriot, his country's friend, and preserver of the republic.

In this war of the eighteenth year of the republic, the Nephites had the advantage of superior arms and armor, more skilful generals, a better knowledge of the country, for they fought in their own lands; but above all they had that superior advantage which must even be theirs who fight in the Detter cause—for their home and all its belongings, for wives, for children, for liberty, for freedom to worship God.

The Lamanites outnumered their enemies overwhelmingly and were possessed ofundaunted courage.

They also had the advantage of being trained from childhood in the use of arms;

and they had ever been accustomed to fatigue in the chase.

All things considered they made formidable foemen.

By some means or other General Moroni had been advised of the approach of the invading hosts towards the land of

Jershon and had mustered his armies there to meet them.

This checked the enemy's advance, who seemed loth to try the issue by a pitched battle with the well armed Nephites.

He drew off his forces, and for the time Moroni knew not at what point he would next appear.

He sent out spies to watch his movements; but also availed himself of a higher source of information—a source, however, from which only the righteous can draw. Knowing Alma to be a prophet of God, and conscious of the righteousness of his own and his country's cause, he ask the prophet of God to what point the enemy was making, and was answered that he was bending his course towards the land of Manti.

Manti was on the south-western frontier of the Nephite possessions towards the head of the valley of the river

Sidon, which is supposed to be the river Magdalena.* Here it may be to the reader's advantage to know something of the Nephite country, that is, as to its geographical location.

I take it for granted that the reader remembers Lehi's colony landed on the west coast of South America, in Chili.

When Nephi and his followers withdrew from the first colony, and sought out for themselves a home and country in the north, where they might live in peace, they called the country in which they settled the land of Nephi; which accordto the late Apostle Orson Pratt, is supposed to have been in or near Ecuador, South America. f Sometime in the fourth century there was an exodus from this land of Nephi, the more righteous part of the people being led away by one

Mosiah still further northward where they found and amalgamated with the people of Zarahemla.

This land of Zarahemla was located north of the head-waters of the river Sidon, and extended northward to the land of Bountiful, the north extremity of which was the Isthmus joining North and South America. J Between the land of Nephi and that of Zarahemla, running entirely across the continent, was *0. Pratt's note, Book of Mormon p. 238.

fBook of Mormon, page 155, note.

fBook of Mormon, page 155, O. Pratt's notes.

1 68 MORONI.

a strip of wilderness separating the frontiers of the Lamanites'and Nephites'possessions.

This strip of wilderness also extended up the west side of the Nephite country, cutting them off from the Pacific

Ocean, or West Sea, as it was called by them, until you approached the land Bountiful;

and there the Nephites extended their country to the West Sea and maintained it with great determination in order to prevent the Lamanites from taking posession of North America, and thus completely surrounding them.

The Nephite military leaders were not blind to the strategic importance of maintaining entire possession of this isthmus.

They knew that if hard pressed, they could retreat into North America and hold their own against fearful odds, so long as they held the "causeway"into that land.

This land Bountiful also extended to the East Sea.

Immediately south of the land Bountiful, and bordering on the East Sea, was the land of Jershon, occupied dy the people of Ammon; but it is evident that the land of Jershon did not extend as far south as the land of Zarahemla.

The strip of wilderness before alluded to also ran up the east sea-coast, though not extending so far northward as it did on the west.

There were also some minor subdivisions between Jershon and

Zarahemla which are difficult to locate.

It will be seen by the foregoing that the

Nephites were surrounded by a wilderness in which their old-time enemies would collect and sweep down upon them from most unexpected points and it was only by the utmost diligence that they could retain their possessions.

Moroni, earning that the Lamanite forces were making for Manti, left a portion of his army to guard the southeast, and led the remainder to confront Zerahemna at Manti.

Arriving at Manti before his enemy, he reinforced his army, by bringing into service the people of that land, and at once prepared to entrap him.

Near the head of the valley ol Sidon, on the east bank of the river, was a noted hill called Riplah.

On the south and east of this hill Moroni concealed part of his army under one of his faithful leutenants, Lehi; then crossed the Sidon with the remainder of his army, concealing them in the wilderness along the route leading to Manti.

Zerahemna having taken a circuitous route from Jershon through the wilderness, came into the valley of Sidon north of the hill Riplah.

As soon as he had passed that hill and was marching in the direction of the river, Lehi's forces attacked his army in the direction of the rear.

The Lamanites faced their enemies and fought desperately, but their naked bodies being exposed to the superior weapons of the Nephites, the slaughter was terrible among them.

At last they fled for the river and crossed it, but only to be met by Moroni and his men, and the slaughter, suspended for a time on the east bank of the river, was renewed on the west.

Finding themselves surrounded, the Lamanites were filled with terror which Moroni observing ordered the work of death to cease.

Addressing himself to Zerahemna he recounted how the Lord had delivered them into his hands and called upon him and his followers by all that they held sacred to deliver up their weapons of war and enter into a covenant never to come again to war with the Nephites.

Zerahemna offered to surrender his arms and depart, but refused to make any covenant of peace, and told Moroni that it was his cunning, and the fact that his men were incased in armour that had given him his present advantage, and not the power of God.

Finding the most important item of his proffered terms rejected, Moroni refused to accept Zerahemna's surrender, returned his sword, saying, "We will end the conflict."The battle was renewed and raged with unceasing fury until thousands were cut down; and the Lamanites appeared doomed to utter destruction.

In view of this prospect the stubborn Zerahemna at last cried out for mercy and accepted unconditionally the terms at first offered.

With his poor wreck of an army, so splendid, so confident of success only a few hours before, Zerahemna slunk away into the wilderness under a covenant never again to come to war against the Nephites.

B. H. Roberts.

FIAMETTA.

Sketch for a Love Tale of the Sierras.

by alfred lambourne.

"Sleep in peace! for the Spirit of Love reigneth and ruleth, and, in taking to thy passionate heart her who is Ermengarde, thou art absolved, for reasons which shall be made known to thee in heaven, of thy vows unto Eleonora."

Edgar A. Poe.

Book the First.—Sun-Gleams and Shadows.

i mingle with Tahoe, sweet gem of the Sierras.

Once the eye lifted to look on the scene and it would have been almost impossible not to sweep with a glance, at least, the entire horizon.

The scene was especially lovely that morning, or perhaps they were all in the mood.

How graceful the wavy undulations of the hills! and how pale how opalescent was every hue!

Surely one might have been content to dwell there forever were nature ever thus fair

What more wise than to dream away one's life there, regardless of time, or the care's of the world?

Why must all things change? and all pleasures end?

They were a merry party there, and the summer days but passed too swiftly.

The thought of the morrow was not with them:

dull care that kills had been left behind.

Life moved on like a joyous stream, gliding through pleasant ways, and that knows not of the great, stormy deep beyond.

Yes, a lovely scene! one that might dwell in the mind for aye The long shimmering path of the sun's light, and the golden orb itself, poised over the distant hills.

Only a few clouds laced the tranquil sky—high floating cirrus—faint, creamy white overhead and amber toward the sun.

Along the east the many hills were rosy-tinted in the level rays, and those to the north were violet, or rather ashes of rose: dividing these fairy tints from those of the water were long, narrow, pine-covered promontories bridges they seemed between the two voids of water and sky.

At places the shore was rocky and bold, at others the gentle in-running wavelets lapped upon beaches of sand.

The artists were about to move their camp, not because they had grown weary of the spot where they had passed the last ten days, but such had been the MOVING CAMP, "The long light shakes across the lakes

And the wild cataract leaps in glory.""Our home lies in the dell and dingle!

Where the blithe faun dips by its timid mother:

Where brown oaks, with intercepting boughs,

Checkers with shadow the greenwood alley!"

It was worth the while, on that summer morning, to look out over the dimpling, shining, sky-blue waters of Tahoe!

The sun had risen above, and was changing into "orient pearls"the faint, pale swaths of night mist that floated away over the Nevadian shore.

On a tiny raft, in a bay close by, an Indian stood, a half-naked, motionless figure—a statue—with an arm up-raised, with spear in hand, and eye intent upon the water.

A sudden movement, and the spear went whizzing downward, a moment later and the skilful savage drew forth from the water a struggling trout, impaled.

A noble take; the silver-white scales of the big fish shimmering iridescent in the morning sunlight.

The Indian's tent was not far off.

Half a mile away, perhaps, over a row of pine trees on the southern shore, several hazy columns rose skyward, and, as there was an occasional breath of wind coming from that quarter, one might now and then have caught a whiff of the crisp smelling wood smoke.

At the same time there was borne across the water the sounds of something very like a chant, which, indeed, it was;

a lulling, monotonous kind of chant made by the Indian women as they squatted on the ground.

They were engaged in weaving baskets of various shapes of rush, the material for which was gathered by the noisy Indian boys, from a low, marshy spot—a small round hollow, water-filled by the Fallen Leaf stream, as it came down from the higher and smaller lake to s*

FIAMETTA.

order of their plan.

Ere the season closed, the party intended to make a circuit of the lake and to have their sketch books filled, their canvases covered, with their various translations of its delightful shores.

They intended to epitomize the place. Their camp fires had already lighted up the woods from Cave Rock to their present position, and the joined voices of the men had resounded in song along the shore.

From this camping place, near the wooded base of Mount Tallac, they would go to the head of the Emerald Bay, and at the season's close, when October hung its mists over the lake and the autumn woods, they would strike their tents at Cornelian Bay with the circuit completed.

They were about ready to begin the march.

The morning meal was over and Paul had already folded and corded the tents.

The pack mules stood patiently by, waiting to receive their burdens.

Wet sketches were hung, face out, on the pommels of saddles, for, early as was the hour, several had been dashed in.

"Pearly Grays,"with his usual caution, had carefully looked over the camping ground to see that nothing was likely to be left behind.

In fact nothing remained to be done but to swing the large packs upon the animals, and for the men to take their places in the saddle, to be on the move.

Just before noon the new camp ground was reached.

The caravan had moved slowly for the trail was over rough stony ground.

As said before, the new camp was to be at the head of the bay.

There was a strip of forest that stood beneath the line of tremendous cliffs.

In an open spot, grass-grown, the tents were soon pitched.

All was bustle and excitement.

The party intended to make a rather lengthy stay.

It was the most important place.

They had before them weeks of work there.

Indeed, it was a romantic spot.

It would be hard to imagine one more wild.

Nature had been lavish with both beauty and grandeur.

At its widest part the bay is not more than half a mile wide, and its length, for it is really more an inlet than a bay, is about a mile and a half.

The hue of the water, as the name of the place implies, is a pale, lovely green.

When we look out of the bay towards the blue, main body of the lake the scene is magical indeed.

Over the cliffs we have already mentioned fell a considerable stream of water, and formed, before reaching the level strip of pine woods, two cascades of exceeding beauty.

These were the Emerald Falls.

Near the head of the bay was a small, peaked island, ledges of clear white granite.

At its upper end was a rough log cabin, and surmounting the crest of the island, at the time of which we write, was a wooden chapel, a tiny bit of architecture, and so strangely and conspicuously placed, somewhat of a mystery to all passers-by.

An examination would have shown the cabin to have been empty, and the little chapel to have covered a tenantless grave.

The first of these had once been the home of "Mad Dick,"the sailor, now drowned, lost in a memorable storm on the lake;

and the latter was one of his freaks.

He had cut the grave in the solid granite, that his body might be laid there, when his hermit life on the island should have come to an end.

Now, while the new camp is being made, it is a good time to introduce to the reader, a few of the characters in our little sketch.

We could hardly find a more opportune moment.

We do not wish to have them posed for the occasion, and then! events will crowd on and bring us to others.

Besides "Pearly Gray's"and "Rembrandt Tom,"who were conceded by all to be the life and jollity of the artists'party, there were ten or twelve others of the same ilk—knights of the palette and brush.

These it is not necessary to name, though we must specify "Dubbs,"a nickname given to good-natured Brown and traceable to no other cause than its fitness.

Yes "Dubbs"was good-natured and fat.

He it was that painted the aborigines, the home life of the red-men, so to speak.

He had that very morning captured a study of the Indian women, and the day before one of "Fallen Leaf/'the white headed,- decrepit old chieftain.

FlARIETTA.

Then there was "Lanky Joe"and others with equally euphonious titles, such as the free social life of the artists permitted.

"Pearly Grays"was an early bird, too, (mist you know) and "Rembrandt Tom,"as can be imagined—always on the lookout for fitful gleams—low, shooting sun rays, under broad-spreading pines.

These and two others, then, comprised the members of the artists'camp.

Laurence Morton and Charlie Wetherill were not of the profession.

Perhaps their love of the company, or their ways of life, had prompted them to cast their lot with the artists during the season's sketching.

Charlie Wetherill had but recently come from his course at Harvard, and Laurence was a young man of leisure.

Under pretense of a devotion to science, Wetherill was making himself believe that he was working hard in collecting a flora of the mountain region.

His parents were wellto-do.

They owned broad acres of wheat-bearing lands in the most fertile part of the Sacramento Valley, besides large vineyards, and pasture land dotted with cattle, at the feet of the Sierra Madre.

In truth he was only there for the sake of sweet idleness.

It was such a change from his college life, though we must not infer from this that he was a young man of undeveloped character; he was only taking time to think before plunging into the battle of life.

In his light blue eyes, sparkling with fun at times, there could come a thoughtful expression, even a fixed determination.

His fast ruddying complexion, his fine physique, told of talent, powers of endurance.

He and Laurence were inseparable companions.

Laurence had never known the love of a brother, but certainly he did not lack for a steadfast friend.

We call the hero of our tale Laurence Morton, but what the last of the two names should rightfully have been, no one was able to tell.

Laurence was a rescued child.

It was believed that his parents were dead.

There had been a terrible massacre—

a company of emigrants surprised at the mouth of a canon.

Few had escaped;

many were cut down.

A company of troops had appeared, but too late; only a few defenders, fighting desperately, had been saved.

Laurence, but a lisping infant, had been found asleep on a bed ofrobes.

Across the tongue of the wagon lay the form of a beautiful young woman, an arrow in her bleeding breast.

Had'his father been saved?

If so, no one wasaware of the fact.

Such, in short, was the beginning of Laurence's history.

The hero of our tale, then, was but the adopted son of the wealthy couple whose name he bore.

They had taken him to their home, and to their hearts;

for they were childless, almost when the shadows of evening had begun to fall, so that now they were quite aged.

Laurence had at an early age displayed a tendency to melancholy.

He was of a singularly refined and lofty nature.

His soul revolted at the coarse or mean.

He was very studious.

At college, although without any distinguishing ambition, he had acquitted himself with high honors;

and, considering the apparent lack of any set purpose, had mastered all of the branches of study, with singular ease.

To his classmates he had been somewhat of a puzzle; for although not haughty or overbearing, he had been ever very reserved, and yet had been among the foremost to show true friendship, when occasion required.

With the last two years, since the disclosure of his story when he became of age, (Laurence was twenty-three years old) the tendency to melancholy had perceptibly deepened.

To reveal then the story to him was almost a crime; so much had he learned to love his kind foster parents.

Up to the time that we write of, Laurence had never experienced the tender emotion.

His days were passed much as the days of wealthy young gentlemen are generally passed—in the rooms of his club, or in yachting, or as he then was spending them.

He was a skilful sailor, and many times had his boat danced through "the Gate"and circled the Farrallones.

Not a few mothers, with marriagable daughters, had looked with designs upon Laurence.

But he had escaped them all, indeed, had not realized the

FIAMETTA.

game.

He had not so much as been touched by a passing fancy.

The waters were still and calm, but they were deep.

Once, indeed, a friend at the club, with an eye to Laurence's probable fortune, had tried to bring about an engagement in favor of his charming sister.

But well as the young lady had played her part, in love at last, really, with Laurence's pale face and dark eyes and hair, it had been a signal failure.

He was still in meditation (if not maiden meditation) fancy free.

He was one to whom love comes but once and then as an all absorbing and ruling passion.

ii.

A MISHAP.

The cascades that fell over the cliff at the head of Emerald Bay, were made by a stream that first came down a ravine of remarkable wildness.

No man at that time knew the end thereof.

It led far up among the rock crests and not a footpath even had been made beside it.

Shagged, steep, almost inaccessible, the ravine was untrodden, and the stream flowed on, year after year, lonely.

It was rumored, however, that at its upper end there lay a deep lake, one of those cuplike basins found among the Sierras.

Some one had seen it from the top of Tallac's peak.

Laurence had heard of this sequestered body of water and desired to see it.

There was something about the search and its object that accorded with his mind.

One bright afternoon, four or five days after the new camp had been made, he found himself in a fit mood to try the ascent.

Wetherill had sauntered forth from the camp with him, but not knowing of Laurence's intention had stopped at a point about a mile above the cascades, where, attracted by an unusual display of brilliant wild flowers, several species unseen by him before, he had allowed

Laurence to go on alone, while he transferred to his pressing book specimens of the new found treasures.

Laurence had at first proceeded but slowly, expecting his friend to overtake him.

The way, too, was becoming more steep; in spite of the attitude the clear summer sunlight reflected from the rocky walls, had considerable heat.

Laurence sat down and bathed his wrists in the ice-cool waters of the stream.

Wetherill did not appear.

Laurence grew tired of delay.

At last he moved on without him.

It was a trying climb; the brushes retarded his progress, and what with pushing aside their entangled masses, the slippery rocks, and the constant roaring of the stream, Laurence more than once grew dizzy, yet he pushed ahead, and soon reached the limit of the brushy growth.

It was a sight to see, the solitary desolation of those topmost heights;

those wreathings and twistings of the waves of stone.

He had quitted the side of the stream and climbed up the side of a mass of rock, through which the waters had cut their way.

All around the place was still.

Not even the sound of the stream reached to Laurence's ears.

The commotion, the awful grindings and clashings which accompany the upheaval of the eternal mountains is followed by their more awful calm.

The "low thrillings of the forest shade"were hushed.

The breeze that comes with the evening hour had not yet stirred from the mountain crowns, nor had the heat of the valleys begun to rise.

The sun stooped low, yet Laurence continued to climb.

Shadows fell across his path; they lay, too, in big angular blue pieces, among the rocky cliffs.

In its basin below, Laurence had risen above the mountain lake, lay the source of the stream;

it was deep sunk, round and dark.

On one side of the pool the mountain rose in square, titanesque blocks of stone, abruptly from the black waters edge;

at another there stood a forest of pine, shaggy-looking, hoary with eld trunks and branches moss-grown—the golden-yellow moss seen in the Sierra woods at their greatest altitude.

Laurence took a seat on the crest of the rock.

The lake basin had grown quite dark.

The ledges of granite, which formed the lower part of the mountain, were there replaced by a deep red sandstone, and these stood up in splintered wedges, bare and gaunt, yellowed by the declining sun.

To the most cheerful

FIAMETTA.

mind the place must have brought an hour of pensiveness; but to one constituted as

Laurence was, it was tinged with sadness.

His mind was filled with retrospective thoughts.

Though there was hardly what could be called hours of gloom or disappointment, in the procession of days, of years, that passed before him, still there were none that showed out sunlit from the rest.

His life had been devoid of contrasts, and in that quiet hour, there alone with his heart, he felt a vague unsatisfied feeling, a realization, that his life, so far, had been without a ruling star.

Suddenly there came a soft breath of wind.

It sent a little shiver of pale wavelets across the lake, and slightly stirred the tall tops of the pines.

Laurence with a sigh arose to depart.

In his heart he felt a void, that he had not realized when he reached the place.

Midway down the ravine there was a ledge unusually steep.

The rocks leaned over the turbulent stream, smooth with erosion and wet with spray.

It was a stiff bit, as we now term such places in our alpine vocabulary.

Laurence had not reached it too soon, the place was already in dusk.

There was a treacherous side light and a confusing noise.

A mis-step there and it might be fatal.

He swung himself down—one—two—three ledges, grasping the drooping branches of the clustered choke cherry.

One ledge more, and then—a slip.

Laurence felt himself swiftly falling.

There was a sudden, sharp pain at his side, as though some one had placed there a piece of metal, white hot, a dazed feeling and then an awful sickness and faintness, and last came oblivion.

Had there been a tragedy?

Was Laurence dead?

There was an ugly pile of rocks beneath him and he lay perfectly still.

One by one the minutes crept by, and he did not open his eyes.

A stain of crimson appeared on his shirt bosom, and even in the fast gathering darkness his face might have been seen, a white pallor, on the dark wet rocks.

Was he killed?

There was no answer to be gotten from the bright shining stars that soon looked into the place.

If he had been, there was taken no note.

The night winds told no tale. What to nature is the passing of the spirit of man?

Summer night on the mountain tops.

The air was aromatic with the exuding gums of the incense pine.

There was a perfume from the flowers, too, and the leaves on the trees rustled softly.

What more beautiful than such a night!

Laurence moved slightly.

What was that burning pain?

What was that sickening chill?

Was he in some region of dreams?

of phantasmagoria? A thousand confusing images danced before him.

What had happened?

Slowly his senses came back.

Yes!—the ravine the cliff—the fall; he realized it all soon;

yet dimly.

He was faint, had not strength to think.

For a long time he remained motionless again, in a kind of stupor.

Now it was the hours that crept by.

It was approaching toward the midnight.

All in the ravine was still, save the voice of the stream, and that belonged to the place.

Was he yet alive?

dead?

who could tell?

The stream's roar seemed like thunderous voices, the darkness was that of the grave.

Could his friends have known where he lay, that pale face, that still form, would have sent the blood to their hearts.

Now came voices up the ravine:

light flashed, here and there.

"Rembrandt Tom"was on ahead.

If the artists are not slandered, when it is said that their thoughts are always upon their art, he must have noticed even in his anxiety, the weird effect of the lanterns, like huge fire-flies, upon the wild scenery of the ravine.

Halloes resounded! Names were called out! A thorough search for Laurence was being made to a surety.

Wetherill was almost distracted! Why had he allowed his friend to go on alone?

Why had he not thought that Laurence might attempt the climb?

His hallo was the loudest, and not a nook or corner, among rocks or shrubbery, but was searched by his eye.

The close bond of friendship between the men was shown brightly in that trying hour.

At last he was found—yes, he was breathing, and he opened his eyes and

*74 FIAME'l TA.

spoke in a feeble voice.

Carefully he was lifted from his perilous position.

A litter was hastily improvised.

The morning star appeared as Laurence was tenderly carried down the ravine.

III.

FATHER AND DAUGHTER.

Near the shore, at what we may call the upper end of Lake Tahoe, on a level plot of ground, among a growth of lofty conifers, was Yank's Hotel.

Not then, as now, a modern hotel, such as may be seen at all fashionable resorts, but one more in harmony with its surroundings a building peculiarly Californian,—as California was at such places twenty years ago.

A large, low house, though of two stories, with wide verandas surrounding it;

and with a sort of openhanded, genial hospitality within, not seen now-a-days, at least at the same place.

Those days of happy, congenial, natural life, have almost passed away from the

State—and one truly regrets it.

The bighearted Californian,—the man that took "the winds and sunshine into his veins,"is not as often met with as formerly.

When his type shall have passed away our Western States will have lost a true nobleman.

Doctor Mason sat on one of the verandahs.

The cool summer night air fanned his cheek and stirred the locks of his prematurely gray hair.

His thoughts, if we may be allowed to read them, were far away, and his eyes were misty and vague, though not with drowsiness—in fact the kind Doctor Mason was in a deep reverie.

Once more he was straying among the scenes of his sunny South, for he was, both by birth and sympathies, a Southerner, and once more he listened to the voice of his dead wife.

Had it been light his lips might have been seen to tremble and a tear to steal down his cheek.

Seldom did his thoughts revert to the loss of his wealth.

He was abroad when the war swept away from him the greater part of his possessions the extensive cotton fields by the banks of the Pearl River, and the boats of which he was owner, that had plowed the waters of the Mississippi; but that trouble had come only as a shade on shade.

It was the earlier loss that stung.

He had been a loving, nay more, a doting husband—a lover to the day of his wife's death.

Since that event he had not cared to look upon his Southern home.

The sweet, dead wife, then, that was the absorbing thought, but mingled with it was another image.

The sorrow for one had not blinded him to the love of another.

One being there was who could yet pour balm of healing power into his wounded heart, and that was his daughter, his only daughter;

his only child, too.

She had blessed their married life two years after he had stood with his bride at the altar, and, as even before the mother had ceased to be, for this life at least, he had devotedly loved the child, the sum of his love now was such as is rarely given to a son or daughter.

For as heart could, he had transferred all his earth love to her, and now she was the apple of his eye, the solace of his declining years; the one thing that yet made life worth the living, and, aside from the thoughts sent beyond the blue, the silver lining to all the dark clouds of his reveries.

Fiametta had been born in the south.

In her memory dwelt pictures of the farreaching "teche"and the blossomed magnolia, and her home, too, the great white house, with groups of palmettoes in front.

Through the years of her father's wanderings, through his restless goings from place to place, she had ever carried them with her.

Wherever she happened to be she loved the place in proportion to its resemblance to her mental pictures.

But brighter than those, however, were the memories of her angel mother.

Ever she seemed before her.

The slight graceful figure; the sweet thoughtful face, (sometimes too thoughtful perhaps;) the clear blue eyes, and the sunny masses of golden hair.

Fiametta's mother had soon learned to love the land of her husband's birth, ( Dr. Mason had brought his bride from the north,) and a lifelong happiness appeared to stretch out before them, when it was rudely ended by the young wife's death.

"Father!"

FIAMETTA.

*75 Ifthe being at that moment in Doctor Mason's thoughts could have again stood before him in the living flesh, she must have appeared like that!

There was the slight, graceful figure, the dark blue eyes;

the masses of sunny hair; and she was robed in white, too, only her face was more brightly joyous than her mother's had been.

As it was, Doctor Mason gave a sudden start.

In the flood of light that came through the open door, a smile might have been seen to spring into his eyes; but it came simultaneously with a sigh from his lips.

"Father "Yes! child.""Will you come in now?

George has returned."Doctor Mason rose slowly.

"Yes, dear!

yes! but it is more pleasant out here in the air.

See how thickly the sky is studded with stars, it calms my mind Metta, to see how calmly they burn.

There is something holy, too, in the white shining of the snows on the mountain tops.

I have not enjoyed such a peaceful hour for this many a day.""Yes it is lovely, indeed, father, and though the place is so different yet it recalls to me our home in the south.

I hardly know why, but since we have been here, it seems that we were in our home again.

And you, too, father! has not our stay here been a pleasant one? ""Even more than that.

I almost regret that we are about to leave.

Did you say that George had returned? ""Almost an hour ago.

He has just gone in to his supper.""Did they have a successful hunt? ""Very.

George is quite proud of what he has done.

Besides the smaller game, they have brought back a deer.

Oh! he gave such a glowing account of the hunt.

The mountains, he says, are so wild up there.

They tracked the deer through the pine woods and up to the fields of snow.

John is an experienced hunter, it seems, and is anxious to teach George all that he knows.

George brought me down such a strange looking plant;

it is a mass of crimson flowers.

He tells me that he found it by the edge of the highest snow.

Will you come and see if it is not that rare plant which you told me was called 'the blood of Christ? ""In a few moments I will.

George will hardly yet have finished his meal.

We have plenty of time.

Metta! take that chair at my side.

The night has not grown too cold.

Would you not enjoy a few moments, looking at the star-lit lake?""You know, father, that it is my favorite time.''"True. Metta, I feel more than ever tonight the double charge upon me.

Sometimes I must be both father and mother to you.

There has been, as yet, no secrets between us, nor will there be, I hope, in the future.

Let me speak to you as your dead mother would have done.

Let not the shadow of a concealed thought come between us.

What there is of happiness on earth to me is in the happiness of my darling child.

Is there nothing you would tell me Metta?""Father!—indeed no.

What should I have to tell?""Nothing to disturb my peace, daughter, that I know.

But I have fancied of late that George was not at his ease.

Has he spoken to you.""No, father.

He is the same to me.

We seem as accepted lovers.

When or how I learned his heart I do not know, yet I know that he wishes me for his wife.

"And you, Metta, what answer can you give when he asks you for your hand?

George is the son of my dearest friend.

One that was my friend in my darkest hour.

It has been impossible for me not to see, for the past year at least, why he has been our constant companion.

He has been more like a son to me than the son of a friend.

Now it is all clear;

and in him that seemed at first the brother,

I see the expectant lover—one whom I believe would make you a true and devoted husband, and whose life-happiness is now in your hands, for sake of you both, it is time to speak.

Metta, what does your heart say?

My own brief wedded life was of too bright a joy, and too well do I understand the necessity of perfect love, not to wish you all freedom in the choice of a husband.

Though Mr.

La Salle is estimated by me at the highest

FIAMETTA.

worth, and though it has been a pleasure to me to gradually become assured that the son of my friend was in love with my

Metta, yet not for a moment, for all that lies beneath the skies, would

I have you do different than your own feelings dictate, to bring about, such a welcome consummation to our early friendship, nor for it would I have you barter one ray of your future happiness.

Metta, as I was beloved by your mother, so would I have you love your husband.

For love and for love alone must you make your choice."Fiametta was silent for a few moments and there was a faint flush of color upon her cheek.

"Dear father, you have spoken to me very plainly.

I hope that I shall always be worthy of your great love.

George has been always kind and gentle to me.

I have not known what it is to lack a brother.

He has been thoughtful and loving to me beyond all others, save you, dear father.

I have seen, too, how he has labored to make many a weight sit light upon your shoulders, and how, under the guise of his own pleasures, has always thought first of yours and mine.

By his very kindness to you, he has won my respect and gratitude.

Nor shall I cease to thank him for them.""All of that is true, my Metta, yet, as I have said before, in this affair let your heart speak, and not your gratitude.""Father, you are always kind and good!

How many days will it require for us to reach our destination?"''Ten, if we go direct, but this we cannot do;

both George and myself have business of importance in San Francisco, which will delay us for some time.

Perhaps, in four weeks we may be at the ranch by the San Juan.

Are our trunks packed?""Not yet.

I have but little to do to make ready for our departure, and the boat does not touch at the pier till noon, and early as you take your walk, John will have completed packing yours.

And when we reach the ranch, father?""I hope my daughter will not, for some time to come at least, have occasion to regret her father's restless humor, and if you should like the place, Metta, it may be our future home."IV.

A BETROTHAL.

"Ah! what is love?

It is a pretty thing, As sweet unto a shepherd as to a king.""Ah, how sweet it is to love!

Ah, how gay is young desire!

And how pleasing pains we prove

When we first approach love's fire!

Pains of love are sweeter far Than all other pleasures are."

If the writer of this sketch were asked to name a mountain path, the most beautiful in the Sierra's, he could hardly think of one more worthy to be accorded that distinction than that one which winds up through the pine woods from Yank's Hotel up along the shores of Fallen Leaf

Lake, and into the wild wood glen beyond.

The lake-side part, especially, is entrancing, with the sight of the placid sheet of water, and the heaps of mountains beyond—wood-clothed on the lower swells, and, at last, rising into the dark mass of Mount Tallac, with its eternal cross of snow.

And beyond that, too, the path struggles onward amid beautiful scenes toward the hill summits, where it is finally lost in the shaggy woods.

It was along this path that Doctor Mason took his morning stroll, and where an hour later, perhaps, went Fiametta, and her constant companion.

The pair walked slowly, for besides the natural inclination of all young people to loiter under such circumstances, there was much to see by the way.

Fiametta was fond at all times of flowers, and along the path there grew a profusion of the loveliest kinds.

The pale, lavender-hued columbines, clusters of purple phlox, and masses of a small pink, star-shaped saxifrage.

Fiametta grew happy among the flowers, and well she might!

It was a lovely morning that had dawned over the waters and along the shores of the lake.

The Fallen Leaf was agleam with silver.

On the beaches of sand the tiny waves rippled so softly, that one could well see that they were scarcely awake.

In little bays and sheltered coves where the morning breeze could not touch, the waters yet slept.

The strip of piney woods were

FIAMETTA.

there mirrored so clear it appeared, but the trees reversed.

Cheerily the light shone into the woods.

Sharp, bright rays, penetrating into the closest nooks.

Even the old spruces and pines looked cheerful;

their masses of deep brown-green foliage could not sadden the scene.

The maples showed bright and the birches seemed of liquid silver and green.

There were songs from the birds, and all sorts of noises from others that do not sing, and animal voices too, and flashes of rich colored wings.

The blue-jays could be heard at their endless wranglings, and the magpie's inquisitive cries.

The pinebird, with his breast of crimson, darted along;

the ground squirrel uttered his chirp, and at intervals came a soft moaning sound, (the only one pensive) the ringdove's in some open glade.

Fiametta's laughter resounded along the path, with the help of her lover she had soon gathered a huge bouquet of flowers, so huge and heavy, indeed, that he was soon obliged to carry it.

They reached, ere they started to return, a ferny bank at the foot of a mighty spruce, whose old and gnarled branches hung over the path, on one side, and out over the lake on the other.

They took a seat in the tree's dark shade.

George seemed slightly agitated.

He nervously switched, with a branch of dogwood, the tall grasses that grew at his feet.

Fiametta sat still looking out wistfully across the wide stretch of water.

Whatever was before her vision it was certainly not the lake or its shores, or the mountains that rose beyond.

Her eyes had taken a far away look, and her gaiety had gone, and in its place there was almost a look of sadness on the beautiful face.

Perhaps the lake had recalled the far away "teche,"and the pines were no longer pines, but the palmettoes by that southern home.

George's gaze dwelt fondly upon her.

There was admiration and love in his clear, bright eyes.

Of a surety he was no ordinary lover.

Not such a one that his love could be lightly discarded.

He had fallen in love with Fiametta gradually, and now the passion held firmly every chord of his nature.

He had not spoken to the girl as yet, because he hoped to see before he ventured his fate, such a manifestation of returned affection from the one that he loved, as to enable him to speak forth his heart with an assured hope of success.

Yet, if love can be told by the eyes, by the tender glance, by the gentle action, by any of the fond ways of the enamored man, then George La Salle had told to Fiametta, his love, a thousand times.

Yet he had chosen to wait, Fiametta was young, he would not press too soon his suit.

Fiametta had, on her part, as we already know, received, at first, his attentions as a sister might.

Indeed, she had not thought otherwise of them.

She was too young when they had met, though the blood of her father told in her heart, if not in her looks, to consider otherwise the regards of the ardent young man.

They had met in the north, soon after her father returned from Europe, and she had known as yet no other lover.

They had been hurrying from place to place and George had been almost their constant companion.

There are some men with natures that seem to challenge, almost to compel our love, and George was one of them.

Fiametta believed that she loved him.

Whether he would have been alike successful under other circumstances with a rival for instance, could hardly be told.

Fiametta had a dual nature.

Under her sunny exterior there was resolve and purpose.

Apparently yielding, easily led, there was, nevertheless, such determination, as asserted itself strangely at times.

Circumstances had not yet, perhaps, fully called forth this part of her nature.

But should there come a time when courage and high resolve would be necessary to Fiametta, then, of a surety, such qualities would not be wanting.

La Salle had changed his position.

There came into his eyes such a light as said all plainly that a crisis in his life had come.

He arose to his feet, and then made a step toward the girl, and then took her hand.

"Fiametta!"She looked up with a start.

"Fiametta, I had hardly expected to

i 7 8 FIAMETTA.

speak so soon, but why should I trust to delay?

Surely you know what I am about to ask.

For several years now we have been dear companions.

Surely you know why I have chosen to go with you from place to place, our friendship was sweet, indeed, but not that alone has kept me by your side.

Fiametta it was be cause 1 have loved you.

Without you life would be dull indeed.

You have become my star of life; the one hope that makes all hope of use.

Let me hear from your own sweet lips that some day you will be my cherished wife."Fiametta said not a word; but she did not turn away.

She looked up into his manly face, bending so eagerly toward her.

There must have been something in her look that encouraged him for he spoke once more.

"If I have been too hasty, if I have hoped too soon, do not fear to tell me;

but, oh!

cannot you love me with that love that shall make us happy through the coming years?

That shall make us sure against the storms of fate; that whatever betide us we shall be secure in each other's love?"And so the words were spoken.

The hour had come when the first sweet music of love had sounded in Fiametta's ears.

Was she happy?

Did her heart leap up and her soul spring forth to meet its coming?

Did the sweetest of earth's sounds breathe as rapturous a note to her, as to the countless millions that have listened to its music before?

Was her whole being thrilled?

And did the ecstacy of the moment make it seem that until then she had not lived?

Was all possible joy compassed in that fleeting moment?

She did not know.

True her heart had responded to the earnest prayer; but was it with that all passionate fervor which says hence forward I am thine—henceforward, now, and forever.

And did there seem to come a dawn to which all that had preceded it were but dull and lifeless?

Did the pearly gates of a new life open before her?

And did a voice from within seem to say, Lo and behold!

thou art become a crowned queen!

forever and forever!

Yea until the time when time itself shall end?

And did every sight, and sound, and motion, seem to tell to her then that the love which neither time nor the grave can conquer had come to her heart?

No, Fiametta did not hear or feel that.

She only knew that one who was noble and true stood before her, and that he had said he loved her;

that he had asked her to become his wife.

She knew he was all that a woman can love or respect;

that she felt toward him more than the fondness of a sister;

that he was the son of her father's dear friend;

that her own father looked upon him with affection; and that he had dispelled the gloom from many of his dark hours.

Poor Fiametta!

Could you not see?

There are dangerous counterfeits of all things in this life.

Would it not have been better had you but weighed more closely the nature of your liking?

Was it a lesser jewel you were about to give, or the priceless pearl of a woman's love?

Her lover remained standing.

Not a shade of doubt was now on his face.

He tenderly loved the girl and believed himself loved in return.

That he might be taking some slight advantage of Fiametta never entered his mind.

To have her for his wife, that was the dream that had haunted his pillow, night after night.

And now, perhaps, his dream was soon to be realized.

At last she spoke.

No she had not seen;

had not so closely weighed her heart.

She spoke to him kindly enough.

She was neither surprised nor confused.

Her voice was tender and low.

With a few quiet words their troth was plighted.

She would be his wife.

From that hour on she was a promised bride.

Blue shone the sky;

bright was the sunlight;

could there ever be a lovelier day?

With almost invisible pace moved the great white clouds;

still were these wind-harps—the tall green pines, and glassily lay the lake waters—an image of peace.

Mr. La Salle gave a look at his watch; they had loitered too long; they must go.

In half an hour they should be at Yank's.

v.

A DEPARTURE DELAYED.

When Fiametta and her accepted lover

FIAMETTA.

arrived at the door of the hotel, shortly after the scene we have last described, they found all in bustle and confusion.

Doctor Mason was nowhere to be seen.

Servants were hurrying to and fro along the path that led to the water.

Evidently it was something quite serious, such excitement was not usual at the quiet hotel.

Fiametta's attention was drawn to the lake.

There, about a mile away, was the

Comet making its round.

In five minutes more it would make its landing.

They were just in time, but where was her father?

Then she caught sight of a sail being lowered; there was a boat already alongside of the pier.

Someone was being carefully lifted from it.

What could be the matter?

W Who was the person and whence had he come?

Whoever it was he lay in a litter and her father stood there by his side.

Four men lifted up the burden and came toward them—towards the house.

Fiametta grew faint; the man's face was so white and his form so still.

Whence had he come and what was really the matter?

George had asked the question a dozen times, but no one could answer just then.

The man might have been dead, his eyes were closed.

Doctor Mason, walking by the side of the litter, kept a critical glance upon the still, white face.

In a moment or two later, he was partially answered.

None knew at present how it had happened, but it had been an accident.

The man had been broguht from the artist's camp.

Some of his friends were with him.

They would relate the circumstances when the man had been cared for.

Just then the steamer touched at the pier.

It was late on its round.

There could be no delay.

Those who were going must be quickly on board.

There was more confusion.

A couple of travelers sprang on deck; others were employed in seeing their trunks to the pier.

Fiametta had hardly recovered her color.

Dr.

Mason had gone into the building; he was busy at the injured man's side.

There was a whistle, a warning cry, a puff of steam, and the boat proceeded on its belated way.

Mr.

La Salle went into the parlor.

The litter had been set down for the present while the room was being prepared.

The injured man had opened his eyes and Doctor Mason knelt beside him and was making inquiries.

The Doctor had ordered his trunk unpacked.

He had not for years done anything in his early profession, but here surely was a demand made upon his skill once more.

It was a handsome face, the one that lay so still.

From the high white brow, masses of black hair were brushed away, and a black moustache made the close pressed lips appear white and bloodless, there was a weary look in his eyes, too, yet he was handsome.

George felt instantly drawn in friendship towards its owner.

Had he known the man for years he could not have felt more solicitude to learn the extent of his injuries.

Laurence, the reader of course knows who the wounded man was, had been temporarily cared for as best they knew how at the camp.

It had been considerable past sunset when his bearers reached the bottom of the ravine, when they had thought it well to let him be in quiet awhile before starting across the lake.

They had done all in their power to stanch the flow of blood from his wound (which had begun to bleed again with the motion of the litter) and to make him as easy as possible.

The artists had a number of boats which they had engaged for the season, and upon one of them a soft couch was made, and as the wind was both fair and gentle, Laurence had been brought across the water with but little pain.

In the Doctor's trunk were surgical instruments.

Like many other surgeons who have retired from practice, he carried them with him wherever he went.

Lint was soon made.

When the coverings, hastily applied by his friends, were removed from Laurence's wound, he was found by the Doctor to be badly hurt.

A sharp-edged rock had cut a deep and dangerous gash across his right side, and one of his ribs was broken.

With the

i8o PIONEER SKETCHES.

presence of Dr. Mason at the hotel, the life of our hero was probably saved.

He was carried into a quiet room.

Wetherill and two of the artists had managed the boat in which he had been brought over, but in half an hour all the members of the camp had arrived at the place.

There was breathless anxiety among the men to hear what verdict the Doctor would give.

There was a great sigh of relief when finally they were assured that Laurence would recover.

Wetherill had been among the number that believed the end of his friend had come.

To him especially this assurance brought joy.

Explanations followed in the course of the day.

Not until long after sundown had there been any anxiety felt in the camp.

Laurence often walked forth in quest of solitude, and his ways were known to the men.

Wetherill had at last bethought him that he might have attempted the climb to the lake.

His u n- easiness was quickly shared by others, and in half an hour, provided with the camp lanterns, they had set out on the search.

Dr. Mason was entreated to remain, for a short time at least.

What would they have done without him?

He had the gratitude of all the men.

They were sorry to cause him and his daughter and his friend delay, but would he not kindly consent.

They felt that the life he had saved was yet in his hands.

Mr.

La Salle was perfectly willing, in fact he had found himself pleading the cause of the men, but it was all unnecessary.

Doctor Mason had made up his mind.

Before a single one of the artists had started to return to the camp th* had received the promise that he would remain at the hotel until the patient was out of danger.

(To be continued.) PIONEER SKETCHES.

n.

A JOURNEY IN 1 854.

As I sit in Tucson to-day—a city next to St. Augustine and Santa Fe, the oldest in the United States—founded long before Jamestown or Plymouth Rock—the Southern Pacific passenger train comes in with a rush and a roar, bringing San Francisco papers, printed a thousand miles away, only a day and a half old.

Memory reverts to early days in Utah, when a journey form Iron County to Salt Lake City and return usually occupied about three weeks with an ox team—our usual style of travel—and a little less time with horses, and was an affair of no small importance.

In fact, such a journey was an epoch from which was dated the more common events, as, "about three months after I returned from the city;""that year I went to the city,"etc., etc.

Such a journey was not only tedious but was often attended with hardship and sometimes danger.

A sketch of such a journey, in 1854, will help illustrate this:

It was in February, 1854, that the writer, his wife and baby, in company with ten or fifteen others, started on a journey to Salt Lake City.

Our teams were small and poor, wagons old and rickety, having already crossed the plains, and our wagon cover old, thin and full of holes.

Although in the dead of winter, we had no foot stove, but to keep our feet from freezing bundled them up in pieces of old quilts and blankets. Our clothing, too, was thin and scanty; some among the company living four or five years without possessing either coat or vest.

Our supply ofprovisions for the journey was equally meager.

No meat, no canned provisions nor fruit no sugar, no tea nor coffee;

no eggs nor butter—nothing but bread and crackers, with cakes sweetened with home-made molasses manufactured from beets or parsnips.

But our companions were no better off, and no one felt to complain in the least.

For many years such was the usual outfit of Saints traveling through the Territory, except that in later years the traveler could provide himself with a greater variety of food.

Every door was open to the weary wanderer at night, should he

PIONEER SKETCHES.

iSl happen to be near a house, with the best it afforded; and the floor gave abundant room to spread down quilts and blankets for his pallet.

The writer has often seen a floor so covered with beds at night that one could hardly step around among them.

No one thought of offering or accepting recompense for such brotherly hospitality, it being the universal custom of the country.

Five mountain ranges must be crossed in the journey, and while the valleys between were spread with a thin sheet of snow or mud, the passes over the mountains were covered deeply with snow.

In order to avoid the mud as much as possible, we renewed our journey each day at about midnight, and thus passed miles of frozen ground before morning.

But oh, how cold, cheerless and almost unending seem the hours before daylight as we slowly plod along in the darkness and cold!

With what joy we behold the rising sun—bringing again warmth and life to our half frozen souls, after a night that seemed to have no end We come to a spot sloping to the south and bare of snow, and here we stop to let our horses graze while we eat our frugal breakfast, melting snow to obtain water to drink with our bread.

It is somewhat flat and smoky, but quenches thirst, and we do not find any fault with it.

Our wagon train begins to ascend the slopes leading over the pass, the snow increasing in depth each weary mile.

The afternoon sun so melts and softens it that the wheels cut deeply in, and every few steps the horses slump through almost to their bodies, scarcely able to draw their loads, wet, quivering and panting with exertion.

The people all are walking, some of the women with children in their arms, slipping and toiling painfully along, while their husbands, with whip and voice, and many a sturdy lift upon the sinking wheels, urge on the tired teams.

So a few rods are gained; then all stop a few moments to regain their breath, then on again.

But it cannot be many miles farther to the summit, and so we do as Paul did when he came in sight of the brethern at the Three Traverns, "thank God and take courage."Suddenly some one cries, "There's a wagon meeting us, how will we pass it? "Aye, there's the rub It is all we can do to get along in the road.

How will it be outside the track in snow three or four feet deep?

we must consult a little;

and then all the men plunge into the snow and break a road around the single wagon; and finally, by dint of much exertion, all our wagons get around and into the road again.

At last the summit is gained, and the steeply descending slopes more easily lead us down into the vallev below.

Ever and anon the tops of sagebrush begin to appear above the snow, and now and then bare spots are seen on southwardsloping hillsides.

Soon we reach the valley below.

We have crossed one ridge and have but four more before we reach the city.

Happy thought It is camping time; we have reached the valley indeed, but it is a sea of mud and slush.

In vain we look for a dry place in which to camp; we may as well stop right where we are.

It is as good a place as any;

there is plenty of sage for fires;

and water—too much of that.

As we cluster around the cheerful fire, drying our wet clothing, the toils of the day seem forgotten, as song, story or anecdote enliven the hours.

But the smoke Did any of you ever notice a remarkable characteristic of a camp-fire smoke? No matter where you sit or which way the wind blows it always comes in your face?

In vain we seek consolation in the old saying, as we rub our blinking eyes, that "smoke follows beauty."Down in your secret heart is a lurking doubt, an ugly fear, that we do not possess a beauty so attractive;

and at last with streaming eyes and muddy feet, we disconsolately crawl into our wagons for the night.

To-morrow night our camp may be in the deep snow; but as there is an abundance of dry cedar or pinyon pine we will be cheerful and happy, preferring such a camping place to one in the deep mud where a person's feet are laden with huge clods of clay as he walks about.

As the bloody Indian war of 1853 is only lately ended, and it is probable that some of the Utes may still be hostile, we must guard our animals at night,

PIONEER SKETCHES.

keeping our lonely vigil in the deep snow which our horses paw away to get at the grass they know is beneath, and watching the stars—our timepiece—as they silently march across the sky.

Usually the night is calm, but sometimes the snow descends in whirling, driving, blinding clouds, limiting our vision to a few yards, causing the horses to scatter and travel before the storm.

And now we have trouble'indeed as we stumble blindly through the snow drifts vainly trying to keep the band together and in sight.

Ah! there stands a horse dimly seen through the blinding storm clouds.

No it is only a stunted cedar—not a horse is in sight This is getting serious, for driven by such a storm horses will often travel ten or fifteen miles; we must have help Soon others come to our aid, and first noting the direction of the wind and the position of our camp that we may find it again, we start out and search till we find our horses'tracks and then rapidly pursue, fearful that the trail may fill with the driving snow.

We find the horses at last, and with much trouble get them turned back towards camp, keeping vigilant watch that we lose not our way, and following back the trail our animals made in coming away.

Sometimes we pass an equally cheerless night except that instead of snow a tempest of thunder, lightning and rain drenches the watcher to the skin, sending an iry chill to his very heart; while the rain beating in through the old worn out wagon cover drenches beds and occupants, who shield themselves as best they may, while for hours they hold to the flapping cover to prevent it from blowing off the wagon.

Oh, those nights! how unspeakably dreary But the guard stands amid the storm shielding his gun from the wet, unable to see his hand except when the blinding glare of the lightning casts a lurid light over the fearful scene, followed by a blackness more impenetrable than before.

Another flash reveals to his anxious gaze that every horse is gone and hours may pass before they are brought back to camp.

Such is a true but inadequate sketch of a thousand similar night scenes through which many, so many of the settlers passed.

( M'ten these dreary nights were rendered still more dismal by the deep mournful howl of the big grey wolf, or the chattering, laughing pandemonium of the coyotes as they circled round the camp, wishing, yet not daring to venture in.

And these grey wolves are not to be despised.

The largest horses, mules and oxen fall a prey to their single prowess and ferocity; but the coyotes only attack when number gives them courage. Then they, too, are dangerous as they swarm around their victim tearing it down by mere force of numbers.

By these and similar hardships and exposures, many noble lives have been prematurely ended in the strife to subdue the wilderness but, they fall as do other heroic spirits—they die, but conquer in dying, glorified by that assurance possessed by the Saints that "their works do follow them."At last "the city"is in view—our journey's end Ah, no, we must retrace the whole weary way but "homeward bound"will make amends for much indeed.

Now are brought forth the few things we have for sale.

Here are a few hundred pounds of "mountain alum"found among the rocks, also some native copperas—articles highly prized by the thrifty house-wife who wishes to color again old dress fabrics to make them appear as new.

And here is some "mountain soap,"a whitish, translucent, waxey-feeling mineral found in the crevices of the rocks.

A few days exposure renders it white, opaque and lumpy;

a small piece held in water melts into a smooth paste, which is an excellent substitute for soap.

It is good to wash hands and colored clothing, making a nice. foam.

A garment washed with it and dried, yields a bright broad flash of electric light when brushed in the dark by the hand.

Here are a few otter skins and quite a bundle of coyote pelts—all saleable to the hatters, who pay for their furs in hats which we take home and trade to those who need them.

Although in this way we get no money for our property, we do very well by a system of trade and barter which answers in-

PIONEER SKETCHES.

stead.

We have a firm living faith in God, that He will provide, as He always has done, for His people.

Not that we may sit still and do nothing, but that we must do all we can, trusting in Him for the increase.

Men with large families, living literally by a faith which prompts and governs every action, a sublime faith and trust Where on this broad earth can its like be found This is the power that conquered the desert and will make the earth again as Eden.

It is Sunday and we go to meeting and listen to "Brother Brigham,"as he loved to be called, or to "Brother Heber."Willard Richards has just been laid to rest, but here are some of the Twelve, brothers Orson Hyde, Orson Pratt, Parley

P. Pratt, Geo. A. Smith, C.

C.

Rich, E.

T.

Benson, Erastus Snow, John Taylor and others; also "Uncle"Joseph Young and Bishop Hunter all tried veterans.

Not one of those mentioned are with us now.

A few only remain of that first noble band of men.

Their hair is silvery and their physical strength is failing, but their faith and power with God is growing firmer day by day as the vail becomes thinner and more transparent to the spiritual eye.

At length, returning to our trip, our trading is done, other more important work is finished and we start for the south. We could not get as much ''factory'and other staples as we wished; instead of a "bolt"of the former, the merchants, Livingston, Kincaid & Co., would let us have only a few yards in proportion to the whole amount of our purchases, and just so many ounces or pounds of sugar, etc. They must make their stock of staples "go round"among all their customers;

and so we get a little of this and that and leave the store feeling rich indeed.

The merchant renewed his stock but once a year, for his ox train was six months in crossing the plains and before it arrived his shelves were bare of goods for weeks or months.

But when the new goods did arrive—what a rush!

The store was densely packed with would-be buyers, all anxious to get near the counter;

there stands a man in the pack holding high above his head a big roll of money calling out, "don't forget me!

you know you promised me!"and others are doing the same, almost crazing the twenty-five or thirty clerks behind the counters

There is a big crowd outside the doors and upon the sidewalk, all fearful the goods will be gone before they can get in.

Many of the older people will remember many such scenes as memory is awakened.

We must not forget to visit the post office and get all our mail directed to Parowan, for there is no U.

S.

mail to Iron County, and we can only get our letters when chance brings some of our people to "the city."Here is my New York Tribune.

It is a little old, having been six months on the way, but it is very welcome;

and every line and all its advertisements eagerly read.

Here is a letter marked twenty-five cents postage.

Our homeward journey need not be described.

It is like the other, except that as we go south snow and mud give way to dusty roads, and a balmy air succeeds the icy breath of the north.

We reach the ford of the Sevier and look anxiously to see if it can safely be crossed.

Yes, although it has begun to rise, it is still fordable.

Shall we camp here on account of grass and water, or go on a little farther?

Some do not like to camp here; they say they do not like the place they always feel afraid, even when all is peace.

Afraid of what?

They cannot tell, but always feel uncomfortable, be the company large or small, and yet are unable to give any good reason.

It is the experience of scores of people, and President Young explained this strange feeling by saying that the Sevier had been for generations the dividing line between the tribes of the north and the south—

a dark and bloody ground which had often been reddened by the blood of opposing bands whose uneasy spirits still lingered around the scenes of their death.

So we drive on a few miles and camp among the cedars, just where Brothers Call and Brown, of Fillmore, were slain by the Indians four or five years later as they were returning home from Camp Floyd.

Brother Brown was shot through the heart and pitched headforemost into a stunted cedar, dead.

Brother Call had

1 84 EDISON AS A NEWSBOY.

ridden about a hundred yards when his horse was shot and he sought a little shelter in a slight depression beside the road, where he lay upon his stomach behind a small grasswood and defended himself as it subsequently appeared with his revolver for over two hours before he was killed.

The writer passed by alone four days later and saw the ground where he had lain and fought, still soaked with blood, while a little hair and bits of clothing gave token of the visits of the coyote.

The Indians killed them in revenge for the murder of one of their tribe by a United States soldier, some time previous, near Camp Floyd.

This digression illustrates how insecure, even in a time of apparently profound peace, was all travel in those early times.

But we have reached our home at last, and are at once surrounded by a crowd eager to hear about ourjourney, the news from "the city,"and to get letters and newspapers.

Some go joyfully in doors, letter in hand, others sorrowfully, not so blessed.

All this excitement is not to be wondered at;

it is three months since a company have been to Salt Lake City, and it may be months before another shall undertake the journey.

To-morrow is Sunday, and some of the returned Elders will be called to "the stand"to tell of their journey, the general news, and give a synopsis of the teachings in the Tabernacle by Brother Brigham or Brother Heber, or Brother Parley.

We see, too, that the choir leader, James H. Martineau, is playing a bass viol, a home-made one, the first and probably the only one ever made in Utah.

It was made for Brother Martineau, in Parowan, in 1853, by Barnabas Carter, an ingenious fellow, who could make almost anything.

The instrument was a good, wellmade one and cost forty - five dollars.

What became of it the writer does not know.

As the young people of Utah to-day swiftly and smoothly glide through vale and mountain pass, secure from wind, storm or cold, they will not be able to realize very well the truth of this little sketch; but to their fathers and mothers will return the memory of many a journey similar, except, perhaps that it was still more full of hardship and danger from hostile Indians, swollen, rushing rivers, or deadly thirst in the desert.

Santiago.

EDISON AS A NEWSBOY.

The following is one of the "Talks with Edison"which George Parsons Lathrop reports in Harper 's Magazine "At the beginning of the civil war,"said

Mr. Edison, "I was slaving late and early at selling papers; but to tell the truth, I was not making a fortune.

I worked on so small a margin that I had to be mighty careful not to overload myself with papers that I couldn't sell.

On the other hand, I could not afford to carry so few that I should find myself sold out long before the end of the trip.

To enable myself to hit the happy mean, I formed a plan which turned out admirably.

I made a friend of one of the compositors in the Free Press office, and persuaded him to show me every day a 'galley proof 'of the most important news article.

From a study of its head-lines I soon learned to guage the value of the day's news and its selling capacity, so that I could form a tolerably correct estimate of the number of papers I should need.

As a rule, I could dispose of about two hundred; but if there was any special news from the seat of war, the sale ran up to three hundred or over.

Well, one day my compositor brought me a proof slip of which nearly the whole was taken up with a gigantic display head.

It was the first report of the battle of Pittsburg Landing—afterward called Shiloh, you know and it gave the number of killed and wounded as sixty thousand men "I grasped the situation at once.

Here was a chance for enormous sales, if only the people along the line could know what had happened;

if only they could see the proof slip I was then reading Suddenly an idea occurred to me.

I rushed off to the telegraph operator and gravely made a proposition to him, which he received just as gravely.

He, on his part, was to wire to each of the principal stations on our route, asking the station

BEES AND

WASPS.

master to chalk up on the black bulletinboard—used for announcing the times of arrival and departure of trains—the news of the great battle, with its accompanying slaughter.

This he was to do at once;

while I agreed, in return, to supply him 'free gratis, for nothing,'a Harper's Weekly, a Harper's Monthly, and a daily evening paper during the next six months from that date.

"This bargain struck, I began to bethink me how I was to get enough papers to make the grand coup I intended.

I had very little cash, and, I feared, still less credit.

I went to the superintendent of the delivery department and proffered a modest request for one thousand copies of the Free Press on trust.

But I was not much surprised when my request was curtly and gruffly refused.

In those days though I was a pretty cheeky boy, and I felt desperate, for I saw a small fortune in prospect if my telepraph operator had kept his word—a point on which I was still a trifle doubtful.

Nerving myself for a great stroke, I marched upstairs into the office of Wilbur F. Storey himself, and asked to see him.

A few minutes later I was shown in to him.

I told him who I was, and that I wanted fifteen hundred copies of the paper on credit.

The tall, thin, dark-eyed, ascetic-looking man stared at me for a moment, and then scratched a few words on a slip of paper.

'Take that down stairs, 'said he, 'and you will get what you want.'And so I did.

Then I felt happier than I have ever felt since.

"I took my fifteen hundred papers, got three boys to help me fold them, and mounted the train, all agog to find out whether the telegraph operator had kept his word.

At the town where our first stop was made I usually sold two papers.

As the train swung into that station I looked ahead, and thought there must be a riot going on.

A big crowd filled the platform, and as the train drew up I began to realize that they wanted my papers.

Before we left I had sold a hundred or two at five cents apiece.

At the next station the place was fairly black with people.

I raised the ante, and sold three hundred papers at ten cents each.

So it went on until Port Huron was reached.

Then I transferred my remaining stock to the wagon which always waited for me there, hired a small boy to sit on the pile of papers in the back of the wagon, so as to discount any pilfering, and sold out every paper

I had at a quarter of a dollar or more per copy.

I remember I passed a church full of worshipers, and stopped to yell out my news.

In ten seconds there was not a soul left in meeting.

All of them, including the parson, were clustered around me, bidding against each other for copies of the precious paper.

"You can understand why it struck me then that the telegraph must be about the best thing going, for it was the telegraphic notices on the bulletin-boards that had done the trick.

I determined at once to become a telegraph operator.

But if it hadn't been for Wilbur F. Storey I should never have fully appreciated the wonders of electrical science."BEES AND WASPS.

Bees and wasps are so common among us that the formalities of an introduction may be dispensed with.

They form a very large division of the great insect kingdom, nearly three hundred different species being known.

They are provided each with two pairs of thin transparent wings, the hind pair being much the smaller.

From the peculiar structure of these organs of flight, the entire class, V including bees, wasps, and all tl.eir relatives, are known by the name of Hymenoptera or "membrane-winged"creatures.

It is a characteristic of this whole order of insects, that the females are provided with a sting or some kind of piercing instrument.

Let us talk of the bees first.

All the members of this great family may be classified in two groups; those living in

1 86 BEES AND WASPS.

companies are called social bees, and those which live mostly alone are called solitary bees.

Of the first division the most familiar example that could be chosen includes the Honey Bees.

In a wild state these little creatures usually make their homes in the clefts of rocks, or the hollow trunks of trees; but man has learned to tame them and has induced them to live in more commodious dwellings which he constructs for their use and the rent for which he appropriates from their store of honey.

The inmates of a hive apparently live together in almost perfect unity of purpose and action.

In each community there are three different classes of bees—the queen or female bee, the drones or males, and the workers, or, as they are sometimes called, the neuters.

In the last named class, the characteristics of neither sex are fully developed.

A well filled hive c o m m o n ly contains but a single queen, and by her all the eggs are produced; several hundred drones, and from twenty to forty thousand workers.

Figure i is a sketch illustrating the leading characteristics of each of these classes.

A is the queen bee she is usually larger than any of her subjects, but the distinguishing features are the long slender form of her body, and her curved sting.

The queen seldom leaves the hive, except when leading a swarm to seek some other abode if the hive has become too crowded. She is indeed the mistress of the house, the other inmates taking care to show toward her the greatest deference and respect, readily giv'ng their own lives whenever necessary in her defence.

Before full maturity has been reached, the baby-queen is fed on the richest of food, and is attended constantly

Fig.

i.

by a body-guard, every member of which appears to be deeply impressed with the importance of the royal charge.

B represents the males or drones of the hive; the latter) namej is given to them because of the loud humming sound --almost like a prolonged groan—which they cause in flying.

They have short, thick bodies, are larger than the workers, and are not provided with stings.

The drones are for the most part confirmed idlers;

the industrious workers seem barely able to tolerate their presence till the pairing season is over and then, usually in early August, the workers set upon the drones with deadly ardor, tearing off their wings, and dragging them from the hive, then if they are not already dead, they are left in an utterly helpless condition to die of hunger and cold, or to be devoured by predaceous birds or reptiles.

At such times the fury of the workers is frequently so great that they kill many of the larvae from which they expect that drones would grow.

But the busiest members of the community are, the workers, and of these C is an illustration.

They are comparatively small, and are armed with short, straight stings.

Their whole care seems to be for the welfare of their homes, and no effort is counted by them too great for its protection.

The labor of the household appears to be conducted according to a very perfect system of organization, and the division of labor is practiced with a success that man may well envy.

A number of bees remain in the hive, regularly cleaning it in all its parts, and guarding with assiduous care the queen mother and the babies of the home.

Others go abroad in the fields, and there explore the brightest flower cups of the season, diving into every blossom, sipping the honied nectar there contained, and covering themselves with the pollen dust so copiously supplied by the anthers of the flowers.

Let us watch a bee as he emerges from a corolla after such a visit;

he is completely covered with yellow or brown dust, yet he goes to many other blossoms in succession, till at last he is fully satisfied; then he seeks a convenient resting place, and there

BEES AND

WASPS.

scrapes his body by the aid of his rough feet till the pollen has all been gathered into a compact ball, and this the tidy little fellow stows away in a deep hollow on the inside of his thigh, which is lined with stiff bristles and appears in all respects to have been intended by Nature for that special purpose.

When the tiny forager reaches home, he and many other of his companions hang one to the other from the roof of the hive in the form of a long festoon, and in that position they remain comparatively motionless for a considerable time, during which a quantity of wax exudes in thin bright scales from the joints of their bodies, and with this material they then proceed to build the cells of the honeycomb.

The comb is well worth an attentive study.

It is fastened to the roof and walls of the hive by a kind of glue, properly called propolis;

this the bees prepare from the pollen of flowers already referred to.

Each cell is six-sided, that form being the one in which there is the least possible waste of material and space, and by which the greatest stability is secured.

An ordinary swarm of bees will construct four thousand combcells in the course of twenty-four hours.

Some of the cells are set apart to receive the eggs, and at the proper time the queen bee deposits one in each, where it remains unchanged in outward appearance for about three days.

Then, however, it bursts, and a little grub or maggot makes its exit.

These grubs are the larvae of another generation of bees; and them the workers treat with a care and deference second only to that shown to their queen.

For the first five days of their existence, the larvas do little but eat; exhibiting a fierceness of appetite so common to insects in this stage; but at the end of that time the baby-bee ceases feeding, whereupon the workers seal it up in the cell in which the egg was laid, and here it spins for itself a silken robe and assumes the condition of a pupa. While thus entombed, strange changes go on within the creature's body; the parts of a perfect bee gradually appearing.

These changes occupy about sixteen days, during the whole ofwhich time the insect seems to be asleep but at length it awakens, throws off the outer wrappings, and appears as a fullgrown insect.

The bee's instincts of industry characterize it from its birth; for before the little winged wonder is a day old, it goes in charge of its older companions into the fields to gather pollen and honey;, and seems to take a practical interest in the affairs of the family.

By far the greater number of cells, however, are filled with honey, which is doubtlessly intended by the bees as a store for family use, though man frequently enriches himself from the stock.

The honey is prepared from the sweet juices of the flowers; though, as it is taken from the hive, it is not of a purely vegetable nature, the flower sweets having undergone changes from a partial digestion within the bodies of the bees.

Honey is a wholesome article of diet, and has always been held in well deserved esteem.

Deseret, the honey bee, was carried by the Jaredites of old in theirjong journey across the ocean, and is mentioned among the chief treasures of their wanderings.

Another interesting division of the great family of social bees, comprises the

Humble Bees, or as they are sometimes called Bumble Bees or Dumbledores;

such names being probably due to the loud hum of their flight.

Figure is an Fig.

2.

outline sketch of a humble bee.

These insects are much larger than the hive bees, and their bodies are more hairy.

They maintain the wild supremacy of their nature, usually preparing their homes beneath the surface of the ground or under large stones;

and not infrequently appropriating the subterranean residences of field mice and rats.

One observer counted, in a nest of the sort,

r88 m:i:s and wasps.

not one hundred and fifty-seven males, fiftysix fem ilcs, and one hundred and eighty workers; making in all three hundred and ninety-three inmates.

This number may seem small in comparison with the thousands of honey bees in a single hive; but the greater size of the humble bees, and the much greater bulk of comb demand a proportionately larger space.

.

The comb is formed in egg-shaped masses, each piece open at one end like a tiny pitcher.

In some of these waxen jars the eggs are deposited, and therein the larvae are hatched and reared, and in others the honey is stored.

The cells are never sealed, the sweet store being intended for early consumption and winter use.

Figure is a greatly diminished sketch of these comb cells.

As the cold season of the year approaches, Fig- 3- all the males and workers, and the older females of the colony die; and only the younger females survive the winter.

When spring brings light and warmth to the earth once more, and the flowers prepare their tempting feasts of sweet juices, the female bumble bees awaken, and each seeks a convenient place and proceeds to establish a colony.

If she finds no suitable site ready prepared, she digs a burrow in the earth, and there constructs a number of cells, using the wax which exudes from her own body, as was the case with the hive bees, and then she deposits her eggs.

As they hatch, her children are able to assist her in the labor of the household and in a few weeks the young bees are as large and powerful as their ancient mother.

An interesting observation, illustrating the instinct of these insects was made by

Huber, the naturalist.

He confined several bumble bees under a glass bell jar, supplied them with a piece of comb, and gave.them food from which wax could not be produced.

The bees laid their eggs in the comb cells, and then took their places on the upper side, apparently to facilitate the hatching process by the warmth of their bodies.

The block of comb was irregular, and constantly rocked from the weight of the bees upon it.

This motion seemed to annoy the insects; so a number of them placed themselves at the corners of the block, and held it in a firm position by the aid of their strong hooked feet.

At intervals the bees so employed were relieved by others who came and took their turn.

The observer then supplied them with wax;

this they received with evidences of joy, and with it they constructed a number of pillars by which the comb was securely propped in position.

Among the solitary bees, there is also a wide variety of forms.

One kind build their houses of mud, which is first tempered into an efficient mortar; these insects are called Mason Bees.

Figure 4 F is a sketch of this ingenious builder; and E in the same figure represents a halfFig 4- dozen of its mud formed cells, of diminished size, built against a piece of wood for security.

Mason bees seem to delight in quiet nooks where they can labor at the trade of their lives without disturbance.

Many of them will construct their homes in broken pitchers or vessels of the sort if they can find such, or in cracks of wooden buildings, or even in nail holes and hollow sticks.

Then there are the Carpenter Bees, another solitary kind.

The female of this order prepares the home of her children by first boring a long channel in a piece of dry wood.

It is deeply interesting to watch a bee so employed.

Like a careful carpenter she saves for future use the bits of wood cut out in forming the channel.

When the hole is deep enough, she places at the bottom a quantity of pollen, and then deposits an egg this she covers with the finely divided wood

BEES AND WASPS.

i8g so carefully saved, then she places more pollen, with an egg and another separating partition of wood, and so on to the top.

Every larva has a chamber to itself, and within there is a sufficiency of food ready for use, when it first escapes from the egg.

Figure 5 H shows a carpenter bee, life size; and G represents a U_JS!V Fig. 5- piece of wood, bored and partitioned as already described though this is much smaller than the actual occurrence.

The openings of the tunnels upon the surface of the wood are also seen.

There are yet other trades represented among the bees, one only of which we can stop to mention.

The Upholsterer Bee fully deserves the name from the manner in which it furnishes its house.

It bores a deep hole in wood as does the bee carpenter before spoken of; then it cuts circular discs from green leaves, or bright hued petals of flowers;

these pieces the skillful creature bends in cup shapes; and inserts them into the tunnel, so that when finished, the leafy filling resembles a row of tumblers fitting into one another.

In each of these cups a quantity of pollen and an egg are placed. There is lying on my table while I write, a piece of wood so worked.

The tunnel is six inches long, and has eight cups of leaf.

The leafy tissue is dry, and so compact that the whole row may be taken from the tube as one piece.

We undertook to speak also of Wasps;

and of these there are many kinds, some social and others solitary in their habits.

The common yellow wasp is represented in Figure 6, slightly enlarged.

This kind occasionally build their nests under ground, but more frequently attach them to bushes, fences, or buildings.

The nest is constructed of a kind of paper, which the insects prepare from woody tissue.

These wasps were the early paper makers, and from their craft man has learned to manufacture this almost indis- p ens ab e article. They L^V^-^s^-,^ gn aw the wood, chewing it very fine and mixing the same with a kind ofsaliva Fig. 6.

to form a pulp;

this they spread out in thin layers, and by drying it becomes firm paper.

A wasp's nest is a wonderful structure.

The cells are of a hexagonal or six-sided form, and are arranged in layers or stories each suspended from the ceiling above.

This is fairly well represented in the annexed sketch, Figure 7.

The outer walls of the nest are of stout paper, well adapted to withstand any ordinary violence or inclemency of weather.

The hanging rods by which each layer of cells is suspended, are seen in the figure as dark bodies.

The nest serves solely as a home for the young.

No honey or food of any kind being stored therein for future use.

As winter approaches, the males die;

and the females seek some sheltered nook in which some of them Fig.

7.

survive the rigors of the season and from which they issue in the spring to found new colonies.

SCHOOL AND HOME INFLUENCE.

Hornets belong to wasp family.

They are usually of predaceous habits, and are generally considered to be of fierce temperament;

though this is not true of them unless they are attacked or their home be destroyed.

They usually mind their own business in a quiet and inoffensive way;

but they resent with pardonable promptness any annoyance.

Hornets live in paper houses similar to those already described.

These structures are frequently two feet in diameter, and are usually suspended from the limbs of trees.

The Mud Wasp (Figure 8) is of the solitary kind.

The sketch is only about three-fourths the natural size of the insect.

The kind here represented, usually y builds its home below ground, preferably in loose sand.

In digging, it exhibits great skill and ingenuity in fo r c ib ly Fig.

8.

throwing the sand back.

Mr. Jaeger gives an interesting description of the habits of this insect—"As soon as its subterranean abode is prepared it seizes a large spider or caterpillar or some other insect, stings it in the neck, and then carries it into its hole.

It is curious to see one of these wasps take hold of a cockroach, seizing it by one of its long antennae, and continually walking backward, compelling the cockroach to follow, notwithstanding its great reluctance and constant opposition, till both have arrived at the hole, where the wasp kills it by a sting in the neck, then tears it into pieces and carries it into her subterranean dwelling as food for her offspring."Many wasps prefer to make their homes in the cracks of wooden buildings and places of the sort.

Such insects are frequently called "mud daubers."Figure shows a pair of cells so constructed.

In each of these the mother wasp places a number of spiders, or small insects then deposits an egg or two and closes the when first hatch finds its larder well stocked.

During the greater part of their lives, wasps are great feeders.

Such are a few observations regarding these common insects.

Surely they have much to teach those who are attentive.

The orientals call bees by the name, Deburah—or "one that speak eth;"and well is the term applied to them.

Man must have a dull ear, if he fails to recognize the lessons of their lives.

J. E. Ta linage.

Fig.

9.

house.

The larva An able yet humble man is a jewel worth a kingdom.

SCHOOL AND HOME INFLUENCE.

A meeting of school teachers recently discussed this resolution:

Resolved: That the influence of home is greater than the influence of school.

It seems strange that such a subject should need discussion.

I think it will be conceded all over the world that home influence lingers with the child and shapes his destiny to an extent which no other power can exert.

Home! the sound thrills the mind with force and pathos.

Home is the nursery of the coming generation, in it our statesmen, our generals, our heroes, our mechanics, receive their first impulses under the tuition of mother.

The biographies of some of our noted and most prominent men both in church and state indicate that they date their success in life from the teachings received in their infancy and youth.

In the first seven years of life, in the very bud of being, in the dim dawn, in the opening twilight, the youthful brain was impressed with the finest and purest sentiments and truths, uttered by a mother's lips.

It is

SCHOOL AND HOME INFLUENCE.

then that the character assumes a moral tendency, and the moulding of that character is under the soft and benign influence of mother.

This occurs in infancy, and it being the condition of the mind at that age, so plastic and flexible, yielding at the slightest allusions made by mother while attending to her daily duties, how important for future society are the early lessons imparted by the mothers of the present generation!

In contemplating the lives of most men who have risen to eminence in society, we find that they date the success attendant upon their studies in their school boy days to the encouraging stimulus persistently exercised by the far-seeing parent who impelled the young student to persevere that he might achieve some laudable purpose in life.

Instances might be quoted in which a comfortable home, a warm fire-side, proper books afforded for study, and wise parents, have given an impetus to life which has existed to the closing years of the individual.

Nothing can exceed these blessings of a home;

nothing can make home to young and to old more desirable than these social and educational influences exercised and felt along the whole rough and rugged pathway of life.

It matters not where the youth may be cast, the impressions received at home will arise and remain in vivid recollection under the most distressing, as well as the most prosperous, circumstances, and add a calm serenity to the mind that nothing else is so capable of producing.

If he is away on the billowy sea, tossed by the raging tempest, his mind will revert to the warm fire-side of a comfortable home, and the encouraging injunctions of his beloved mother, whom he may have left in tears at its threshold.

"It is a common saying that 'manners make the man, 'and there is a second that 'mind makes the man;'but truer than either is a third, that 'home makes the man.

Home training includes not only manners and mind but also character.

It is at home where all humanity receives their first impulses or impressions.

It is at home where the intellect is first awakened, the habits formed, and the character moulded for good or for evil.

The first pleasure, first sorrow, first achievement, first success, is felt and realized at home; and from this source pure or impure, comes the manners and principles that govern society.

Teachers often say, oh, if all children were like such a one or two, or three, as the case may be, how easy would be the teacher's task Why is it that such pupils are bright, intelligent polite and mannerly to all around them?

Is it because they have received their early culture at school?

Emphatically, no.

They have been instructed by wise and prudent parents, and quickly discern right from wrong.

Thus the wise, careful training becomes indelibly impressed upon all youth.

One noted author says "The bits of opinion sown in minds of children in private life, afterwards issue forth to the world and become its public opinion, for nations are gathered out of nurseries, and they who hold the leadingstrings of children may even exercise greater power than those who wield the reins of government. ""Give your child to be educated by a slave,"said an ancient Greek, "and instead of one slave you will have two."A child cannot help imitating what he sees in manners, speech and actions; and by imitation of acts the character becomes slowly and imperceptibly, but at length decidedly, formed.

"Like snow flakes they fall unperceived each flake added to the pile produces no sensible change, and yet the accumulation of the snow flakes makes the avalanche,"so says Samuel Smiles.

The same illustration will apply to repeated acts, one following another until at length they consolidate into habit, and thus determine the action of the individual for good or for evil.

It is easy to understand why so much importance is attached to the mother, for the home is her domain, her kingdom, where she exercises entire control.

The little subjects under her charge look to her for everything; she is their model whom they constantly observe and imitate.

"One good mother,"said George Herbert, "is worth a hundred school masters."If this assertion is cor-

SCHOOL AND HOME INFLUENCE.

I am satisfied that it is home, sweet rect, and I doubt if there are any who will deny it, what is it that wields the greater influence over the masses of humanity, and from whence does this influence germinate?

all will agree that home.

But,say some, parents may do all in their power instructing the minds of their children to lead honest, upright and virtuous lives, and in many instances it may seemingly appear in vain; but even under these circumstances it may happen that long after, perhaps twenty or thirty years, the good examples and precepts received at that dearly loved home, will appear vividly in the mind and perhaps cause a reformation.

"One of the most remarkable of such instances was that of the Reverend John

Newton, of Olney, the friend of Cowper, the poet.

It was long subsequent to the death of both his parents, and after leading a vicious life as a youth and as a seaman that he became suddenly awakened to the sense of his depravity, and then it was that the lessons which his mother had given when a child sprang up vividly in his memory.

Her voice came to him as it were from the dead, and led him gently back to virtue and goodness.""Another instance is that of John Randolph, the American Statesman, who once said:—I should have been an atheist if it had not been for one recollection, and that was the memory of the time when my departed mother used to take my little hand in hers and cause me on my knees to say, 'Our Father who art in heaven.'"Many such instances might be referred to and cited if it were necessary, but be it remembered that "as the twig is bent the tree is inclined; "and so it is with human beings. The very first impressions are lasting, even to the end of life.

The success of any individual depends much upon how and where, and under what circumstances he is placed, and the influences which surround him.

As the character is based in early life, so it will generally remain, gradually assumingits permanent form as manhood is reached.

Napoleon Bonaparte was accustomed to say that the* future good or bad conduct of a child \Jepended entirely upon the mother.

lie himself attributed his rise in life, in a great measure, to the training of his will, his energy, and his self-control by his mother at home.

"Nobody had any command over him,"says one of his biographers, "except his mother, who found means by a mixture of tenderness, severity and justice.to make him love, respect and obey her.

From her he learned the virtue of obedience."Home is the true school of character;

it matters not how humble it may be, for the poorest dwelling in this land can be made, and often is, the happiest spot on earth.

Smiles says: "The man who loves his home will not the less fondly love and serve his country."The school doubtless has a great influence over children, but the parent who depends upon it for the perfection of his offspring in character and true education, which embraces the proper training of every faculty, moral, physical and mental, leans upon a weak reed that will break with the first weight of responsibility, causing wreck and ruin in the fall.

Our hope is in the home.

Clara Chambers.

"Pine Branches and Sea Weeds,"is the rural and poetic title of a little volume of descriptive pieces by Alfred Lambourne, just out of the press.

With one exception the articles, many of which first appeared in The Contributor, are recollections of days passed by the author among the mountains and upon the sea shore.

There are few descriptive writers whose pen can portray with finer and more real word touches the majestic vastness and rural grandeur of mountain scenes than that of the artistpoet Lamboume.

The present compilation forms a book of one hundred and seventy-five pages, and will be read with much interest by the lovers of pure descriptive writing.

Price $1.25, at all the bookstores.

There's nothing bright, above, below,

From flowers that bloom to stars that glow,

But in its light my soul can see

Some feature of thv Deitv.

Moore.

THE CRUELTIES OF WAR.

See! they approach;

the time draws nigh When men must fight and men must die;

When Death, in all his grim array,

Shall stand the monarch of the day.

Look! now they halt to form in line

See how their muskets gleam and shine,

As from above, the sun's bright rays

Upon their polished armor plays.

The fight begins;

the ranks divide, And from the cannons boom a tide

Of death upon the marshaled foe,

Making the crimson blood to flow.

See how the soldiers reel and fall

Laid low by showers of musket ball;

But forward marches other men.

Behold!

the ranks are filled again;

Again they reel; more blood is spilled;

And yet once more the ranks are filled.

Thus column after column die And midst the fearful carnage lie.

Hark! how the cannons loudly roar,

As from their brazen mouths they pour

Death and destruction, near and far,

During this fearful siege of war.

Over the field a smoky cloud Lies like a far out-stretching shroud;

While 'neath a mass of human life, Meet hand to hand in deadly strife.

Slowly the din begins to lower

And soon the bloody fight is o'er.

The smoky cloud now 'gins to rise,

And lo! what greets the gazing eyes?

Where, but a few short hours before,

The sun his warming rays did pour

Upon the nodding daisy's head,

Now lies ten thousand, bleeding, dead;

While scattered round, the wounded lie,

Some maimed for life, some yet to die?

Gaze on yon youth whose pallid brow

Betokens death approaching now.

See how his breath comes quick and low;

The body's weak;

the soul would go;

The eyelids droop;

the work is done;

Now dies some loving mother's son!

A mother, who, with breaking heart,

Beheld her youthful boy depart,

And that dear form did then enfold,

Or kissed that brow, now pale and cold;

And as she smoothed his golden hair,

Prayed in vain her son to spare.

Here lies another, whose strong arm

Clasped to his heart the slender form

Of her he loved as dear as life,

And hoped, some day, to make his wife.

Now lies he here, among the slain, While that true heart must wait in vain;

No more to feel his arms enfold

Her to his heart now still and cold.

Behold yon stalwart, bearded man,

Who lies among the slaughtered clan;

Within a cottage far away, A wife and children watch and pray

For his return, but all is o'er.

Their prayers are vain, he'll come no more!

O cruel war, what suffering Thy work upon the nations bring!

F.

W. Jackson.

THE BLESSED BROOD.

Gather them close to your loving heart,

Cradle them close to your breast;

They will soon enough leave your brooding care, Soon enough ascend youth's topmost stair

Little ones in the nest.

Fret not that the children's hearts are gay,

That their restless feet will run;

There may come a time, in the by and by,

When you'll sit in your lonely room and sigh

For a sound of childish fun;

When you'll long for a repetition sweet,

That sounded through each room,

Of "Mother! Mother!"the dear love-calls

That will echo long through the silent halls,

And add to their stately gloom.

There may come a time when you'll long to hear

The eager, boyish tread, The tuneless whistle, the clear, shrill shout,

The busy bustle in and out, And pattering overhead.

When the boys and girls are all grown up,

And scattered far and wide, Or gone to the undiscovered shore,

Where youth and age come never more,

You will miss them from your side.

Then gather them to your loving heart;

Cradle them on your breast;

They will soon enough leave your brooding care,

Soon enough ascend youth's topmost stair

Little ones in the nest.

Good Housekeeping.

i 94 EDITORIAL, JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, March, 1890.

SALT LAKE CITY ELECTION.

The public has so long been regaled with campaign news, and its attendant political activity, that it seems superfluous now to add anything to the mass of matter already written.

Ever since early in August last the political battle attending the municipal election in Salt Lake City has been in active operation.

Never before, in the history of Utah, was such activity witnessed in either political party.

Marching clubs, drum organizations, displays of fireworks, parades, enthusiastic meetings, speeches, and torchlight processions, were the order of the day and the night, for weeks and months, until the whole finally culminated in the victory of the Liberal party, on election day, February 10th.

How this result was achieved through illegal registration, and arbitrary rulings of partisan registrars, and by other fraudulent methods, is well known to the public.

It need only be referred to here.

Neither isait necessary to show the purposes that prompted the carrying out of these methods, suffice it to say they were all based on a desire to deprive the Latter-day Saints of their political rights.

It was meant to be more than a municipal election;

it was intended as a lever to pry open the gates of prejudice and misrepresentation until the Mormon people should be overwhelmed with a national flood of abuse that would end in their being deprived of all the rights of freemen, so that a certain class of adventurers and political aspirants might rule the Territory to their own peculiar liking.

One feature of me contest is particularly noticeable.

In addition to the use, as a matter of course, of the national flag, the

People's party adopted the anchor as an ensign, while the Liberal party selected the carpet-bag as their distinctive mark.

Nothing could designate the characteristics of the two parties more accurately.

The former is an emblem of hope, security, stability, the latter a sign of transient elements, and of all that is rotten and disreputable in politics.

It was an astonishing sight to see men honor the carpet-bag with such distinction as did the Liberals during the campaign; it would have been amusing, had it not created such a profound regret in the heart of every lover of his country, of truth and of liberty.

How far the desired results will be brought about, time will tell.

This, however,may be said, that it will not affect the

Gospel or its believers, nor will the victory in any way cripple the Church as an organization, as the eastern press, since the election, is so fond of asserting.

The Church was not connected with the contest.

It was tending to its own business, and when the great election boom fell, which its enemies intended should destroy it, behold!

it was not under the crash, but instead was growing in its legitimate field, bearing the Gospel of peace to the nations, feeding the hungry, clothing the poor, and preparing its members for a better life here, and a glory in the world beyond.

President Woodruff, being asked by an Associated Press reporter, what the future policy of the Church would be, said:

"So far as I know, it will be to preach the Gospel to all the world;

instruct its members in their religious duties, and move forward to its divinity-ordained destiny as the actual living Church of Christ."While Mormons who belong to the People's party, as well as all others who love righteous methods to prevail, will naturally regret that the rights of a people should be interfered with in the way they were in this election, it is time that the world understood that the Church of Christ is not founded upon the success ot any political party, but is rather based upon the word of God, which is truth and righteousness, and which must in the end prevail The Saints will be stronger and more faithful than before;

they have lost no faith in the ultimate triumph of the Church over all wicked and unrighteous opposition; and the rights of which they

EDITORIAL.

have been robbed, all the citizens of the nation have also lost, a circumstance which none regret more than the Latterday Saints.

EDUCATING THE INDIANS.

The well-wishers for the Indian have reasons to rejoice at the prospect before them of a humane settlement of the question as to whether the Indian shall be treated as a being of intelligence, or shall be cruelly exterminated.

In February, General T.

J. Morgan, Commis sioner of Indian Affairs, was confirmed, after a lively contest in the Senate.

General Morgan has led out in a new and wise policy on the Indian question, and his confirmation is a sign that the national administration is in favor of his plans to better the condition of the red man, and make him a civilized being in all respects;

or, as the general says, "convert him into an American citizen, putting within his reach the blessings which the rest of us enjoy, thus enabling him to compete successfully with the white man on his own grounds and with his own methods."This is to be done by a comprehensive system of training and instruction by which the rising generation of Indians are to be brought into fraternal and harmonious relationship with their white fellow-citizens, and with them enjoy the sweets of refined homes, the delights of social intercourse, the emoluments of commerce and trade, the advantages of travel, together with the pleasures that come from literature, science and philosophy, and the solace and stimulus afforded by a true religion.

There are, according to General Morgan's report, about two hundred and fifty thousand Indians in the United States, not including the so-called Indians of Alaska.

The number between six and sixteen years is about fifty thousand.

There are five civilized tribes, numbering sixty five thousand, who provide for the education of their own children, then their are about five thousand New York Indians, who are provided for by that state; this leaves, among the remaining one hundred and eighty thousand, a school population of about thirty-six thousand whom the General proposes that the government shall take in hand and educate.

Of this number fifteen thousand were enrolled in schools last year.

The government, he maintains, cannot shirk the responsibility of making citizens of this school population of Indians, which is not such a herculean task, since it numbers less than the population of Rhode Island.

To accomplish this, the commissioner recommends, ample accommodations to be made for the entire mass of Indian school children;

then to have them placed under proper influence, and compel their attendance; a uniformity of work in all Indian schools, and a carefully organized and well understood system of industrial training; the system should be non-partisan, non-sectarian and like the public school system, with qualified teachers carefully supervised;

the English language only should be taught;

there should be provision for higher education;

there should be a recognition of the complete manhood of the Indians, their individuality, and their freedom to make homes where they will with a view to abolishing the reservation system so that they could feel that the United States and not some reservation is their home; they should be taught to love the flag and to be patriotic; once educated they should not be returned to camp, but encouraged to choose their own vocations, and contend for the prizes of life wherever opportunities are most favorable, thus tending to assimilation and to the disintegration of the tribal relations;

begin when young, teach independence, self-reliance, self-respect, and let the education continue until habits of industry and love of learning have taken the place of indolence and indifference;

bring together in boarding schools members of as many different tribes as possible to destroy tribal antagonism, and establish brotherhood and mutual respect, the whole tending finally to the same feeling towards the whites, and the whites towards them, thus in the end all standing on one equal platform as American citizens;

co-education of the sexes, lifting the Indian women to a plane where their husbands and the men generally will respect them;

a system of placing

EDITORIAL.

Indian pupils in white families to be taught the ordinary routine of housekeeping, farming, etc., thus enabling them to acquire habits of industry, civilzed life, a sense of independence, enthusiasm for homes, and the practical ability to earn their own living; and lastly, all this is to be supplemented, as the educational emancipation progresses, by the

Christian influences of home, Sunday school, church, and religious institutions of learning.

This, in short, is the outline which has been accepted by the administration in the confirmation of General Morgan as Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and if the scheme is carried into effect, which seems now almost certain, the morning star of anew era for the American Indians presages for them'the rising of the sun of civilization and happiness—the morning of the day when they shall become a white and a delightsome people.

and free agency of man, and that when that kingdom is established there will be perfect liberty on earth, civil, political and religious."THE KINGDOM OF GOD.

President Woodruff was asked by an Associated Press reporter, just after the late election, what was the Mormon idea of the Kingdom of God.

In reply he is reported to have said:

"It is this: we hold that this Church was set up and organized by command of the

Almighty; that it has the right to formulate and maintain rules of church discipline applying to its own members; that the extent of its punitive powers is the excommunication of the transgressor;

that it has no power to punish anyone by deprivation of life, liberty or property or personal injury in any form;

that governments should not regulate the church, nor the church seek to control the state;

that all men should be politically free and equal, free to vote as they please and to sustain what politics they please, so that they do not infringe upon the rights of others.

"We believe this Church will prepare the way for the coming of Christ to reign as King, and that this Church will then develop into the Kingdom of God, which all Christians pray will come, that the will of God may be done on earth as it is in heaven.

We believe in the full Nothing so illustrates the value of popularity, in a writer of literature, as the recent scramble among publishers to secure the works of Henry M. Stanley for publication. The hot contest has recently ended in the success of Messrs. Scribner.

They will publish the new narrative which has been rapidly growing under the distinguished explorer's pen in Cairo, in two volumes simultaneously with its appearance in England, France and Germany.

They have also secured from Mr. Stanley an article which will occupy many pages in an early number of their magazine.

The price paid by the winners for this literary prize would doubtless make the heads of the toiling unknown writers swim with envy.

It is a significant fact that every day increases the disabilities and hardships to which the five million Jews in Russia are subjected by the Czar's government.

Since the beginning of the present year all Hebrew lawyers throughout that tyrannical empire have been disbarred and disqualified from practicing as counsel.

This is not the worst.

A short time ago, during the month of February, it was decided by the Supreme Court of

Appeal at St. Petersburg, that Jews are debarred from transferring their property by deed to their wives or children. When this is compared with the Christian intolerance shown to other unpopular but Christian sects, and also with the prophecies of the Holy Scriptures, are we not justified in looking for important developments concerning the promises to be realized in the Dispensation ofthe Fullness ofTimes?

"To the Lions"is a volume of two hundred and fifty-eight pages rehearsing, in the fascinating style of Alfred J.

Church, A. M., the professor of Latin in University College, London, the touching tale of the early Christians.

The print is as beautiful as the text is interesting.

G.

P. Putnam's Sons, New York.

WOMAN-A SUBJECT.

The time was when women were held in "small repute,"inferior, subordinate, made to feel so by custom and continued practice, until they grew half ashamed of being such, "And rudely wished to mother only boys,""Man looked askance, when some old dame announced The babe a girl, but flushed with pride when told

The ringing cry came from a lusty boy,

And blessed the gods; when had it been a girl, Had hardly deigned a smile."I must say I think those times were sadly "out of joint."Now the scene is changed; from ocean to ocean woman's privileges and woman's rights are reechoed.

It is the subject now in discussion in high places and in low.

Every fault of mankind has been directly or indirectly attributed to woman, until it has become a by-word among men when any startling or sensational catastrophe occurs, "there's a woman at the bottom of the mischief."Is it not time they took up the cudgel in their own defense?

It is said, as sweethearts they have trifled with some innocent young man's purely disinterested affection causing his utter discomfiture and ultimate ruin;

or as wives they have not borne insult, abuse or neglect, patiently and resignedly enough;

or as mothers they have failed in doing their whole and undivided duty, totally regardless of all outward circumstances or inward feeling.

In fact, what right had they to feel at all?

Man was lord, they were his passion, his toy, his cook, or nurse as the case might be;

no allowance could be made for them;

if they fall, man is not to blame;

how could he be?

How could this lord of creation have any weaknesses?

O, it must have been his mother from whom he inherited them.

Has there been an error or a fault committed since the day's of Eve's downfall but has been brought to bear against "the weaker sex?"Indeed so positive, abundant and conclusive has been the evidence, that women themselves have actually echoed the refrain and accused themselves.

Woman's frailty, woman's vanity, woman's extravagance, these and a hundred similar subjects, are the inexhaustible topics for discussion among men.

Her incapacity, her demerits, all her weak points brought out in the most unfavorable light to prove her inability to fill any but a home sphere.

"Nature never designed her for any other,"so says the verdict, and if she dare overstep the prescribed boundary, or pass the limit society has assigned her, woe be to her! She is forever disenchanting, she has lost all womanly grace and purity (almost her virtue), she is something to be shunned; "she must have been roused by disappointment, has been an unlovable wife, or hapless old maid, and so vents her ill-humor or spleen by seeking notoriety."The responsibility of the whole world of mankind (according to these ideas) rests upon her shoulders and those of her sex, and yet she must not raise her voice, loosen her tongue, or send forth her opinions and ideas to the world without condemnation.

Men are afraid that if women are allowed to mingle more freely, and their interests become more closely identified with man, they will lose the peculiar charms of modesty, grace and shyness, which particularly characterize them and constitute the strongest attractions (save beauty) which incite their admiration;

that it will make them coarse and bold, where heretofore they were refined even to sensitiveness.

But why should not men assimilate themselves to this innocent and inherent refinement of feeling and sentiment?

God designed that men should be as pure as women, their bodies fit temples for the Holy Ghost to dwell in.

Women, untaught in the vast majority for centuries in any arts, but those pertaining to housekeeping, etc., are, perchance, far less strong and deep than men, their untrained mental processes and conclusions may be swift and impulsive as a rule, but woman relies more on intuition than calculation, and though she'may not always have the large outlook upon the universe, yet she inclines most to duty, and to a childish and im-

PARIS A XI) THE EIFFEL TOWER plicit obedience to God.

She has quick perception instead of hard, cold reasoning;

finer tone, purer thoughts and greater faith; believes more in the efficacy of prayer.

How far woman's influence can be exerted in bringing about the redemption of mankind the future will prove; that all her instincts, faculties and intelligence will be called in question;

that the most thorough mental training calculated to develop her latent strength, and increase the growth of intellect for the cultivation of the highest and holiest attributes implanted by the Deity, who can doubt?

Woman must be something more to man than a plaything or a housekeeper she must become enlightened on all points pertaining to life and its grandest purposes;

not only to bear and rear children, but how to make them physically, morally and mentally superior. Such knowledge can never be obtained without great exertion being made to educate women differently, and to cultivate more fully their higher forms of thought and understanding.

Neither will the Lord do these things for us, unless we exercise to the best of our ability, every faculty of our organization.

He gave us our intelligence and capabilities for the purposes of progression, not to lie idle and rust, but to improve upon;

and whoever thinks the Lord will work miracles for tli tin, while they sit in idleness, ease and luxury, regardless of his riches and best gifts, will assuredly meet with disappointment.

Women must cultivate the study of human nature, its elements, forces and developments, and when we properly understand ourselves, we shall have more charity for others.

There will be need to call up all the latent forces within us, and cultivate them to the very highest degree, in order to even assist in the work of regeneration of which we talk so much, and with such an imperfect understanding.

Strong-minded women are the very ones who will make the best aids and helpmeets for their husbands, competent to assist, advise and sympathize; and if men would interest themselves in helping to develop women's higher powers, instead of placing almost insurmountable barriers to hinder their progress, they would find it much to their own advantage;

and women who are the most highly cultivated morally, mentally and religiously are the very ones to do honor and reverence to good men, who possess the noblest attributes and are the nearest akin to God and divinity.

Amethyst.

PARIS AND THE EIFFEL TOWER.

The year 1S89 was a memorable one in the history of France.

The eyes of the civilized world, scrutinizing this nation's political complications—in many instances in the light of ridicule—have in a measure overlooked her scientific accomplishments.

The fourteenth day of July found the gay city of Paris decked in her brightest apparel, the display serving the double purpose of vindicating the claim of France to stand at the head of modern civilization, and to glorify the revolution which occurred exactly a century previous.

The zenith of this demonstration was reached in the evening, and, although it was the Sabbath day, no postponement occurred.

The most impressive view was obtained by ascending the 'Arc de Triomphe de L'Etoile, this structure occupying, as it does, a position from whence radiate twelve of the finest avenues of the city, sloping upwards to the Arch, each beautifully illuminated in all the pleasing colors imaginable, a most remarkable effect being produced by beams of white light shooting from the powerful electric search-lights at the top of the Eiffel tower.

The rays of light, constantly revolving as the spokes of an immense wheel, through the artistic blending of fire, produced an awe-inspiring effect.

The constant maneuvering of thirty-thousand troops; the boom-

PARIS AAD THE EIFFEL TOWER.

i ng of canons from surrounding forts; the explosion of huge rockets in mid air, combined with the gaily dressed French peasantry, added no little of interest, beauty and excitement to the scene; but for the noise, one might imagine himself in fairy land.

The Arch of Triumph, upon which we stand, is called L'Etoile from its position and centre.

It was designed for Napoleon I, in 1806, and completed by Louis Philippe, in 1836, at a cost of four hundred thousand pounds sterling, about two million dollars. The gigantic carving, in high relief, serves as a reminder to the

French of their successes over their enemies.

To the right, facing east, is a representation of the departure of troops to the frontier, in 1792; above the centre arch, the funeral of General Marcean; to the left of this, the triumph of Napoleon I, after the Peace of Vienna above it, the capture of Mustapha Pacha, at Aboukir; on the west side, to the right, the resistance of the French to the Allies, above this, the passage of the bridge of Areola to the left, the blessings of peace; above, in the center, on the west side, the taking of Alexandria.

M.

Eiffel, the designer and builder of the tower which bears his name, has produced an addition to the wonders of the world, and given an example of what modern science can accomplish.

Before its erection, the Washington monument, five hundred and fifty-five feet, was the highest edifice in the world.

But if it were possible for the Salisbury Cathedral to be placed upon its top, thirty feet would yet be wanting to equal the height of the Eiffel Tower which reaches nearly one thousand feet into the air.

It was in the earlier stages of its building generally regarded as an enterprize destined, like the tower of Babel, to remain an incompleted monument of overwhelming human ambition.

Apart from the difficulty of finding men to work from so giddy a height, it was doubted if a foundation capable of bearing the enormous weight of six thousand five hundred tons, which it was proposed to pile upon it, could be found;

but here the French engineers proved once more their scientific skill in bringing this most magnificent enterprize to a successful completion.

The foundations, occupying a quadrangle two acres in area, were begun in 1887.

They are four in number, forming footings upon which the tower stands.

The two which lie next to the river Seine, are sunk to a depth of forty-five feet.

Those further from the river, are next to the exhibition buildings, and are sunk twenty-two and a half feet.

So skilfully is the tower constructed, that only a pressure of twenty-one pounds to the square inch is sustained by the foundation. The breadth of its base is sufficient to resist any wind pressure that is likely to occur.

The greatest wind force hitherto known in Paris, has not exceeded thirty pounds to the square foot.

The tower is calculated to resist double that lateral pressure.

Under each footing is builded an immense hydraulic pump.

During its erection, the two smaller foundations slightly lowered about three-eighths of an inch.

This drop was overcome by the operation of the pumps raising the tower to its proper plumb, and the three-eighths of an inch deficiency was easily underpinned, after which the weight was taken from the pumps.

The outlines of the whole structure are so graceful and perfect that, although the tower dwarfs into insignificance all other structures, it does not appear one-half its real height until an attempt is made to ascend it.

In fact, to stand at the Obelisk of Luxor, one fancies it more than one-half the height of the tower, while the fact is that it is only seventy feet from the base to the top, the clumsy construction causing the deception.

Powerful "lifts,"or elevators, have been provided to enable tne public better to profit by the enterprise, and as it is expected that people will not merely ascend and return to terra firma immediately, fashionable lounges skirt each platform; also restaurants, cafe's, refreshment bars.fpostoffices, newspaper offices, and all contrivances that create a novelty, such as taking dinner two hundred and seventy-six-feet above the earth, having your name recorded and printed in the daily paper at a height of nearly four hundred

. l\WO( II TION INTELLIGENCE.

feet, writing your letters to friends in foreign lands and posting them at such an elevation.

Upon arriving at the top, a medal is given for the steadiness of your nerves, price two francs; the giddy are cautioned to venture no further than the first or second resting place.

The height is so great that the city appears as does an ordinary school map which is sold upon the streets.

The view over France is superb, extending over fifty miles, till the river Seina looks little more than a silver ribbon in the distance.

The sixteen detached forts surrounding Paris, mounted with the most improved modern artillery for the protection of the city, are plainly seen.

The inner fortifications, or walls, surrounding the city proper, add greatly to the picture. Within these walls, buildings of historic renown can easily be determined from among the many beautiful structures.

The most noted of these are the Notre Dame, the highest, oldest and most historic church in Paris, which has withstood the many sieges suffered by the city, the effects of which are marked by cannon ball perforations through the towers and walls;

the Hotel de Ville, or City Hall; the Grand Opera House; the Magdalena (Church,)—within whose walls five hundred people were shot for interfering with a Catholic Priest; the Pantheon;

Napoleon's tomb, an immense dome marking the resting place ofthe great military leader; gardens and remaining portions of the Tulleries;

the Louvre;

the Obelisk Luxor, that is, sister monolith to Cleopatra's Needle, standing in de la Concord where twenty-two thousand people were decapitated during the Reign of Terror, by the use of the guillotine, Maria Antionette being the first;

the monument of Joan de Arc, who was so noted in French history; the Morgue, where each day may be seen the bodies of those who meet their death during the night previous, by the assassin in the dark alleys—bodies of suicides are also places here for identification; and last, but not least, the great Exposition buildings covering every inch of accessible ground along the river banks.

As we descend from the tower, wonder takes possession of our minds at the perfection of this great attainment.

We see thousands of small iron braces, held together by rivets for which it was necessary to punch seven million different holes, and although these were prepared many miles from the place of erection, not one change became necessary—another demonstration of French engineering skill.

Nearly two and one-half years were occupied in completing the designs.

The reason so many rivets were used and why this manner of building was adopted, was to demonstrate the superiority of the rivet over other methods of construction, where immense strain is brought to bear upon the joints.

S.

T.

Whitaker, ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE NEW TESTAMENT SUBJECTS.—BY MILTON H.

HARDY AND GEO.

H. BRIMHALL.

Lecture LXXIX.

Subject:

The key of the testimony;

a place, Jerusalem;

b reference, John vii.

LXXX.

Subject:

Spotlessness;

a place, in the temple at Jerusalem;

b reference, John viii.

LXXXI.

Subject:

True leadership; a place, Jerusalem; b reference, John x.

LXXXII.

Subject:

Hypocrisy;

a place, Peraea; b reference, Luke xi.

LXXX1II.

Subject:

Settlement of difficulties; a place, Capernaum;

b reference, Matt, xviii.

LXXXIV.

Subject:

Humility;

a place, Galilee; b reference, Luke xiv.

LXXXV.

Subject: Sacredness of the marriage contract; a place, Peraea; b reference, Matt. xix.

LXXXVI.

Subject:

Sacrifice and salvation; a place, Peraea; b reference, Matt. xix.

LXXXVII.

Subject:

Prayer; a place, Mount of Olives; b references, Matt, vi; Luke xi.

LXXXVIII.

Subject:

Consistency; a place, Jerusalem; b reference, Matt, xxiii.

LXXXIX.

Subject:

True love;

a place, Jerusalem; b reference, John xiii, xiv, xv.

XC.

Subject:

Eternal life; a place, Jerusalem; b reference, John xvii.

xingsford's swigs Starch "Pure"and Silver Gloss And Gorn Starch FOR THE LAUNDRY.

FOR THE TABLE.

1BSOLUTELY PURE IN <^XJAJL,ITA U/m. Driver 9 S09, °w> ^ Wholesale and Retail.

The Mogt Reliable Drug pouge in II tfe# IS THE FIRM OF X?^^!. DRIVER «Ss SON, MA,L ORDE A^ E R N E T C i!

N VE PROMpr Ogden, Utah:

TESTIMONIALS.

\teG'c I have used Magic Yeast sue* cesstuny lor several years.

It makes good, sweet bread and is always ready for use.

Mrs, A M. Tribe.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Magic Yeast is more convenient than any I ever used, It does not sour in the summer, and makes light, white bread.

QUICKEST & BEST mrs. h. c. wells.

SOLD BY ALL Wholesale and Retail Grocers E. W. CILLETT, MTr, CHICACO, ILL, j have tried ^^ Yhast and.,, works like magic, making nice light It is the universal verdict bread.

of Bakers and good HousekeepMrs.

£. H Anderson.

ers that Magic Yeast is the best.

Ogden, Utah.

^Liverpool & London & Globe* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.* Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston, $4,500,000.00 Income in the United States, 1888,....

/. -66,026.00 Expenditures in the United States, 1888, 3.554, 396.00 CHICAGO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

JOHN CRERAR, of Orerar, Adams & Co.

LEVI Z. LEITER, late Field, Lciter & Co., EZRA J. WARNER, of Spracwe, Warner <Se Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, Ilk.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agonts, Salt Lake C<.y The Kodak Camera "You press the button we do the rest/'The only camera that anybody can use without instructions.

Send for the Primer, free.

The Kodak is for sale by all Photo stock dealers.

TJb Eastman Dufl piate^FilmCo.

Price, S25.00—Loaded for 100 Pictures.

ROCHESTER, N. T.

D.&RG.

Pleasant Valley COAL!

COLORADO ANTHRACITE, 1, Pig Iron.

A. L. WILLIAMS, AGENT.

148 S. Main St..

SALT LAKE CITY,

$5000.00 In Prizes given ^toaj BY THE SALT LAI^E HERALD 5o Subscribers of ttye $e(i\\Al/ee\{\y Issue.

THE SEMI-WEEKLY HERALD is now the largest, brightest and most enterprising paper published in Utah.

It consists of pages, and is shortly to be re-enlarged.

The Herald publishes the most standard current stories by special arrangement with the authors; contains many illustrated features; has the exclusive rights to Bill Nye's letters; maintains a regular telegraphic correspondent in

Washington, and receives weekly letters from the celebrated correspondent Frank G.

Carpenter.

Special attention is paid to market reports and agricultural news; and a prominent feature will be made of religious news, the tabernacle services being regularly reported, while prominent sermons of the leading church authorities are given in full.

In politics, The Herald stands as it has ever stood, the firm and undeviating champion of the rights of the peeple of Utah.

The premium distribution for 1890, will be on a grander scale than ever before, fifteen hundred prizes, aggregating in value over $5000.00 being distributed among all subscribers to the Semi-Weekly early in April.

Prize No. 1 is an upright Fischer piano, worth $500 cash.

Prize No. 2 is a thoroughbred Holstein bull, worth $200.

Prize No. 3 is a Bain wagon, worth $175.

Prize No.

is a lot in Garden City, worth $150.

Prize No 5 is a yearling heifer, worth $125.

Prize No. 6 is a purse of $100 in gold, and in the list are several hun dred dollars in gold in smaller purses, while included in the 1500 prizes are sewing machines, mowers, reapers, rifles, photos, steel engravings, encyclopedias, toilet sets, fruit trees, shade trees, dishes, stoves, books, etc., fifteen hundred in all, which will be distributed among all who subscribe for THE SEMI-WEEKLY HERALD.

Price $3.00 per year.

Send for a descriptive catalogue free.

ADDRESS, THE HERALD Co, Salt Lake.

officers:

DIRECTORS:

John T. Cainb.IPrisident.

Francis Armstrong..., W. H. Rows.

Hbbbr J. Grant.IViob-President.

W. W.IRitbr.

S. R Tbasdel.

Horace G. Whitney. Businbss Manaqer.B Junius P. Wells.

HbberIM. Wells Richard W. Young.

E. G. Woollby Chas.

S. Burton.

Jas. Sharp.

Elias A Smith.

>4^^^^^^^(L^^fe^^<^^->^>4l^<^ oo oooooooooooo ooooooooooooooo

WHITE & SONS CO.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET.

LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Oured Meats always in stock.

Game m season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

WHITE & SONS CO., W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, s-a-x/r i*a.s:e cittt.

ooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooo o h-«) ifea j^_g>-ifr©§ l@$i-*L-J^ i^-^-H 8-^r^^r»IOJN:E>K>I^^^^-^ PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat Office, 21 W.

South Temple St., S.A.X/T IjAKEIOITY, UTAH

HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

Utah Cracker Factory.

Manufacturers of the Celebrated <Sifow Stand of d<im Btacftefa -_.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the

Territory.

CXlWi /£\./£\,/£\.

26 R-K.Thomas, 28 R-K.Thomas, 30 R.K.Thomas, 32

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

$1000.?

in Cagh Will be given to the Y. M. M.

I. A.

(for the purchase of Libraries) of the Twenty Wards having the largest Lists paid up April 1st, 1890.

Agents should send in Lists and Payments now.

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

Hayes-Partridge Shoe Co.

M -A. 3STTJ V^.CTUHERS LADIES', MISSES,'rry j/NT^C^ ^CHILDREN'S, BOYS'OJlUriO.

and YOUTHS'** 1 aw—

L. D. YOUN^, Agent to Utah.

Ho. 1103 Ruse $t, pfailadephia

Famous "GLieiT Shifts Are the best Fitting and Wearing Fine Dress Shirt Made.

Manufactured at GLENS FALLS, N. Y, by WST Z. C. M.

I. Sole Agents in Utah, FIRE CDF"ytAV\ PAID UP CAPITAL, $200,000.00 CASH ASSETS, $272,865.58 OFFICERS.

flEBER J. GRANT, President.

JAMES SHARP, Vice-President, LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, ELIAS A. SMITH, Secretary, W. J. BATEMAN, Ass't Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dlnweodey, John Henry Smith,

George Romney, John C. Cutler, Thos. G. Webber, David Eccles, P. T. Farnsworth, Geo. W. Thatcher, William H. Rowe.

Frank W.J ennlngs.

Charles S. Burton.

CASH CAPITAL, j_ $100,000 OFFICERS.

JOSEPH F. SMITH, President, HEBER J. GRANT, Vice-President,

LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, HEBER M. WELLS, Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dlnwoodey, George Romney,

Wm. W. Rlter, James Sharp, Moses Thatcher, John Henry Smith, Wm. H. Rowe, Chas. S. Burton, John C. Cutler, Ellas A. Smith.

Richard W. Young.

f LIFE or <TAY\ Heber J. Grant & Co., Genl. Agts., Herald Building, Salt Lake City.

OGDEN

and SALT LAKE CITY.

MANUFACTURERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALELS (O <D c o as £ CO w £ "o.* £ £ ° ft o a f-Xco<<f-.2§ We can furnish anything in our line, and our Prices are Lower than the lowest.

We have the largest and best equipped repair shop in the United States, and are prepared to do'all kinds of repairing.

^- Send for illustrated Catalogue.

2461WaahingtonAve., tt^att 166 S Main Street.

Ogden.

t-JJ.^L.H..

Salt Lake City.

For Sale by all Druggists.

Wallp, Mjjg$ \ Co., MANUFACTURERS OF CHICAGO WAX CALF^S SCUPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Boston Store, 16 and 18 South St,

Chicago Store, 179 and 181 Lake Street.

^THE= ^-Thomgon ^ ^ajloi gpice (Jo.,-* SPICES AN LI [Ull EXTRACTS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the Kam- r 'Qua Brand of=^ RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAGO.!

M. SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St., Chicago,. CONFECTIONERY o—IT IS THE BEST.

o TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN Blachwoll'o Durham Tobacco The LARGEST SALE of* any Tobacco in thj World.

rOR PLEASURE, «$MFORT,HEALT"SMOKE THE, MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W.T.BiJrcKttaJi, & Co.

* Bl)RHflM,lV.C.

The Ctlosler Patent Sereuu Door

BURGLAR PROOF BANK SAFE.

The c nly Air Tight Bank Sale.

The only Automatic Bank Site.

No Hole through Door or Bcdy No ombination Lock or Bolt Spindle?.

No Springs r We'ghts to operate Bolt Work

The Mosler Bank 8afe Co., Exclusive Manufacturer^ of the following Mosler Patents:

SCREW DOOR BURGLAR PROOF BANK SAFES, DOUBLE POWER AUTOMATIC TIME LOCKS, PATENT SAFE DEPOSIT CONSTRUCTION, figr Specification* arid Estimates furnished on all Kinds of Bank and Vaut Work.

Office and Sales Rooms:

.

.

.

.. _.

Works:

86*to 96 Elm Street.

U/nC/iWQt/, 0/1/0, U.S.A. Front and Rose Sts.

TREES!

.-. TREES!

We are headquarters for first class Fruit Trees.

We carry the best varieties adapted to this climate.

In addition to our nursery business we are cultivating an extensive fruit farm, and putting fruit upon the market daily, through the fruit season, hence we know just what the market wants.

All varieties are tested here before sending them out.

Our nurseries are on North Washington Avenue, near Five Points, on the steam motor line.

Cars to and from the nurseries every half hour.

Send for Price List.

Address GEO. SMUIN »& CO LYNNE NURSERIES, And F**cut Farm, < )GDEN, UTAH

ytyel^eadii^ ImpIe/T\er}tJHous<?of dtaf?

HEBER J. GRANT, PREST..

JOSEPH F. SMITH, VICE-PREST..

RULON S. WELLS, SECY. & TREAS.

CO-OPERATIVE WAGON.-. and ACHINE CO.

Salt Lake, Ogden, Logan, Eagle Rock Directors:

Heber J. Grant.

Joseph F. Smith, Joshua F. Grant, Francis M. Lyman, George T. Odell, John Henry Smith, William W. Riter, Charles S. Burton.

George Romney, Junius F. Wells, J- James Sharp.

management* /OSf/UA F. GRANT, Gen. Mgr., GEO.

T. ODELL, Asst. Mgr Salt Lake City, Utah ED.

T. WOOLLEY, Mgr. Ogden Branch A. G BARBER, Mgr. Logan Branch.

G. G. WRIGHT, Mgr. Eagle Rock Branch

UTAH COUNTY MECHANICS! FARMERS

LOOK OUT FOR Ben. R. Eldredge •«•

Hardware Store.

MAKES A SPECIALTY OF BUILDERS'HARDWARE.

Territorial Agents for BUCK'S STOVES.

UNION BLOCK, iPROVO.