June It m «5« If I <^fi II 3/) i &2 ONTRIBUTOR A-y^ONTHLYAAGAZINE- t ^i'4^ Vol. XI.

JUflE, 1890.

Ho.

8.

PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR • CO i i SALT • LAKE CITY- UTAH- P

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1890.

PAGE.

"The Morrisite War",.

.....Richard IP.

Young aSi A Famous Gentleman of the Road L, Howard Pyle in Harper's......

2S4 The Philosophy of Truth George P.

Phillips, M. A Mildews and Molds \.

/ E.

'lahnage 28^ Thoughts on Nature.

....Nettie Alder Moroni: A Sketch of the Nephite Republic. VWl.B. H. Roberts

Pioneer Sketches. V. Seeking a Refuge in the Desert

II. Santiago For Young Men.., Sapphire Fiametta: Sketch for a Love Tale Of the Sierras II. A Ifred Lambourne

Persecution ward Stevenson Results of Persecution President Brigham Young... 309 A Prayer Phoebe Cary.....

,',....

The Title of Liberty Santiago Editorial:

The Church PropertyCase 3 [ 4 The Precious To-day.

3 I5 Throwing Stones ^§ The Improvement of the Memory 3I7 Association Intelligence.....

,20 Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst.

Cashier.

Zioi/s Savins Bai} -/TV:tru»t company,:

1 & 3- Sckyfc temple St., Salt £a&c Situ.

ESTABLISHED 1873.

DIRECTORS.

Wilford Woodruff, Prest., George Q. Cannon, Vice*Prest.,

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Le Gra.'de Young, George Keynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Gawson.

INCORPORATED I888.

GOES A General Banking Business Pays S Per Cent Interest on Savings 3= -- Deposits. - flfloney to Loan, °L™rit?es ed at Loot Rates o?

Interest.

ORGANIZED OCTOBER

16th, 18e8.

Pmsibbkt, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Secretary, - T. O. WEBBER, Vicx-Presideut, MOSES THATCHER,

Treasurer, - A. W. CARLSON.

-DIBKOTORSGeo. Q. Cannon, John Sharp, Henry Dinwoodey, William H. Rowe, Jos. F. Smith, George Romney, P. T. Farnsworth, The*. W. Jennings.

Heber J. Grant, John R. Winder, John R. Barnes, Mmnu/Ueturvrm, Importer*, and Wholeaat« mmtt

Retail Dealers in Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AT OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

EAGLE ROCK, Idaho.

Co-operative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE and FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Tinware and Stamped Ware, Hats and Caps, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Paper Hangings, Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Boots and Shoes, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Rubber Goods, Tools and Implements, Leather and Findings, Stationery and Blank Books, Pure Drugs and Medicine}, School Books, Wines and Liquors, Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careful Attention.

r. G. WEBBER, Supt.

WMNftfi BH0S.8 (Celebrated <3orsets.

SS^HE merit and popularity S&fifik of these Corsets is atteZ/jg tested by the 'fact that f"over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the '^P sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation, recognized, for they have "Dr.

They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover C-J FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

•^WARNER * BROS.

K^o^w r York a*rci Chicago, For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN '& THOMAS, WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets.

Boston.

St. Lou!* Minneapolis Omaha.

Bemis Omaha Bag Co.

Batdap Importers, Bag £Danafa£tat*etfs and Dealers,

Bemis Building, 11th Street Viadaet,

Cmaha, fLeb.

ui li Lnu P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake C ity.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies ™.**WM<« ><«»».»'»*«« *•«•**«*'»'* l*ti«ti> *»#**M«*t a M.<ii<,£t«tf*4,>4 H »ft»j"t*><i:uim Lnu nnimunmimnnHiiinmiiHimiL |_JOO VO O dl/0\>U 4

The people of Utah are sensibly united in preferring those made at Z.*G.*II}.-tf.* Factor <1SALT - LAKE - GITY.O- LOOK FOR 't*HH> BRAND.

TajIoP, {(omneij, J^mg&onj Co., LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

I^ustie, piapl(, Joists, Rafters, Stales, /^oufdi^s.

EVERYTHING THAT GUILDERS NEED.

Soutii Tft^nao^pi© St., Salt Ir*MH:* Dity.

UNION

PACIFIC net Between Utahkand the Missouri River Take the Fast Train, "THE - OVERLAND - FLYER."SAVE ONE DAY CROSSING THE CONTINENT.

TOURISTS may properly appreciate the grandeur of the scenery and the magnificence extent and resources of the Unted States only when they have compassed journeys to leading eities in Colorado, Utah,

Idaho, Nevada, California, Oregon, and Alaska, and mining camps, cities, and health resorts of the Rocky

Mountains, all of which are best reached via the

UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

c.f.resseguie, General Manager, Salt Lake.

J.V.PARKER, Asst.Gen.Pass.Agt.

Salt Lake Utah.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANOA MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

©HE 05ALTEI^ p. &500D Rowing and Reaping Machine Co.

Invites the attention of Utah Farmers to their line of World Renowned Harvesting Machines, Largest Sales—

in the World. * 79.

WALTER A, WOOD Prest, 68 Front Street, Portland, Oregon.

COMPRISING SINGLE APRON BINDING HARVESTERS, Enclosed Gea% Mowers, Enclosed Gear Reapers, Combined Self & Hand Damp Hay Rake, for one or two horses.

§^7^ A—Have Been ij 'W Made and Sold.

CO-OPERATIVE WA50N 1 MACHINE CO, General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Se7id for Handsome Catalogue Mailed free.

STATEMENT

The Mutual Life Insurance Co.

of New York, RICHARD A. McCURDY, President, For the year ending December 31st, 1880.

Assets, Increase In Assets, Surplus.

.

Increase In Surplus, Receipts,...

Increase during year, Paid Policy-Holders, Increase during year, Risks assumed, Increase during year, Risks in force, Increase during year, Policies in force,.

Increase during year, Policies written in 1889, Increase over 1888, $136,401,328 02 $10,310,174 46 $0,657,248 44 $1,717,184 81 $31,110,010 62 $4,003,087 lO $15,200,608 38 $473,058 16 $151,602,483 37 $48,388,222 05 $565,040,033 02 $83,824,740 56 182,310 23,041 44,577 11,071 THE ASSETS ARE INVESTED AS FOLLOWS:

Real £state and Rond »l- Mortgage Loans, United States Ronds and other securities,

Loans on Collateral.Securities,

Casn in Ranks and Trust Companies at Interest,

Interest accrued, t'remiums deferred and in transit, etc.

Liabilities (including Reserve at $60,361,013 13 • $50,323,460 81 $0,845,500 OO $2,088,632 70 $3,881,812 20 $136,101,328 02 8126,744,070 58 I have carefully examined the foregoing statement and find the same to be correct.

A. N. WATERHOUSE, Auditor.

From the Surplus above stated a dividend will be apportioned as usual.

Year.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

New York Risks Assumed.

.

.

.

$34,681,420.

.

.

46,507,13.3.

.

.

56,832,719.

.

.

69,457,468.

.

.

103,214,261.

.

.

151,602,483 January 29th, 1890.

Risks Outstanding.

$351,789,285 368,981,441 393,809,203 427,628,933 482,125,184 565,949,93+ $103,876,178 51 108,908,967 114,181,963 24 118,806,851 88 126,082,153 56 136,401,323 02 BOARD OF TRUSTEES.

Samuel E.

Sproulls, Lucius Robinson, Samuel D. Babcock, George S.

Coe, Richard A. McCurdy, James C. Hold en, Hermann C. von Post, Alexander H.

Rice, Lewis May, Oliver Harriman, Henry W.

Smith, Robert Olyphant, George F.

Baker, Jos. Thompson, Dudley Olcott, Frederic Cromwell, Julian. T.

Davies, Robert Sewell, S. Van Rensselaer Cruger, Charles R. Henderson, George Bliss, Rufus W. Peckham, J. Hobart Herrick, Wm.

P. Dixon, Robert A.

Granniss, Nicholas C.

Miller, Henry H.

Rogers, Surplus.

$4,743,771 5,012,634 5,643,568 6,294,442 7,940,063 9,657,248 Jno. W. Auchincloss, Theodore Morford, William Babcock, Preston B. Plumb, William D. Washburn, Stuyvesant Fish, Augustus D.

Juilliard, Charles E.

Miller, James W. Husted.

Robert A. Granniss, Isaac F.

Lloyd, 2d Vice-President.

A. N. Waterhouse, Auditor.

Vice-President.

William J. Easton, Secretary.

Frederick Schroeder, Assist.

Secty.

Emory McClintock, LL. D., F.

I. A., Actuary.

John Tatlock, Jr., Assistant Actuary.

Charles B.

Perry, 2d Assistant Actuary.

Frederic Cromwell, Treasurer.

John A.

Fonda, Assistant Treasurer.

William G. Davies, Solicitor.

Gustavus S. Winston, M. D.

William P. Sands, Cashier.

Edward P. Holden, Assistant Cashier.

William W. Richards, Comptroller.

Medical Directors:

Walter R.

Gillette, M. D., E.

J. Marsh, M. D W.

F. ALLEN, General Agent, for Nebraska, The Dakotas, Colorado Wyoming and Utah.

Office over First National Bank, Corner Faniam an 13th St., Omaha, Neb.

IiOTTIS H1TA.MS 7 District Manager for Utah.

Office in Scott-Auerbach Building,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

CI C/3 PA CO P=> cro, f era- (TO Leonard G. Hardy, Elias Morris, Alonzo Young, Oscar H. Hardy.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOQ

Hat^dy, Yoang & Co., Opposite Z. C M.

I.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Jfcr/iif *or Groceries, Dry Goods, Boots & Shoes,

Totem mtxd Country Tirade Solicited.

^O^MWWVWWWW JLLOMSSO MANAOBR.

B, p, & ft.

li. SOUEET, manufavjtapeirs of "Common Sense"Sleighs, "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba Sleighs,

Improved Freight Wagons, Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks, Blackboards, Lumber Buggies.

QO-OpEFtfrpVE U/pCjOjV AND (HPQJUflE <£., Sole f\Q<wt$.

DENNIS LONG k COMPANY, ^LOUISVILLE, KY.i MANUFACTURE EXCLUSIVELY CAST-IRON GAS I WATER PIPE, And Special Castings of all Sizes.

GUION LINE For QUEENSK )"WN and LIYEEPOOL,

Prom Pier New 38, North River, Foot of King St., New York, every Tuesday.

WLMKON, 3,350 Tons.

NNXONWUG, 3,T\6 \ohs.

P\\_[\S\U\, 0,b00 Tons.

t\R\IOUt\, 5,b00 Ions.

\N\SCOUS\U, 3.120 lous.

13^"These Steamers me built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make the passage across lhe Atlantic both safe and dgreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each steamer.

The State-rooms are all on Deck, thus insuring those greatest of all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30.

STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35 Broadway, New York.

A. M. UNDERH1LL & CO.

MOSES THATCHER, BARNARD WHITE, F. R. SNOW, GEO. A.SNOW, Prest, Vice- Pr est.

Sec. & Treas.

Oen. Mgr.

^o^solidat^d Implement Qd.

Headquarters for Wagons, Buggies & Farm Machinery.

~3$100 CASH WILL BUY THIS BUGGY.!>

DIRECTORS.

Moses Thatcher, Barnard White, F. R. Snow, W. W. Burton, M. Snow, W. B. Preston, G. A. Snow.

The following are a Few of the

Principal Goods we Carry:

COOPER nWRlVI WTAGONS, MOIylNEJ Pour=Spring Mountain yjV&.^ojOL& 9 "Porter"Road Carts; McCormick Mowers, Reapers, and Binders;

Scott Full Circle All Steel Hay Presses;

Nichols & Shepard "New Vibrator"Threshing Machinery;

"Jay-Eye-See"Sulky Plows, "Canton Clipper"and J.

I. Case Steel and Chilled Plows,

Harrows and Cultivators; "Planet Jr."Garden Tools; Press and

Grain Drills;

Combined and Independent Seeders, Fanning Mills, Feed Cutters, Etc.

IfWe make a Specialty of BUGGIES and carry the Celebrated U. S. Carriage

Co.'s Fine Buggies (of Columbus, 0.) and D. W. Haydock's of St. Louis.

Send for Special Prices to Consolidated Implement Co., Houses at Salt Lake City, Ogden, Logan and Milford,

Utah.

Vol.

XI.

JUNE, 1890.

No.

8.

THE MORRISITE WAR."On the sixth day of April, 1861, occurred "the commencement of the reorganization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints."Joseph Morris, a native of Wales, was the prophet, seer and revelator of the new organization.

He was thirty-six years of age, and had formerly been a member of the Mormon Church.

On the date mentioned six persons were baptized, confirmed and ordained by the prophet, i.

<?., John Cook, Richard Cook, John Firth, William Kendall,

Nathan Byrne.

Of these Firth, Kendall and Byrne were shortly after "cast off."On the same day, the following persons were baptized, i.

e Sarah Cook, Mary Cook, Margaret Cook, Eliza Holt, Alice Holt, James Holt, Mary Anson, Ellen Cook, Hannah Cook, Mils.

Arnt. Morrisen, William White, William Magee and

Arthur Lee.

The membership of the new organization increased until on the 29th day of May, 1862, there were five hundred and seven names enrolled.

The first apostles ordained were John

Cook, Richard Cook, William Kendall and John Parson.

In June, 1861, Mark A.

Forscutt, John E.

Jones and John Banks, and in September of the same year, John Trulson, Gudmund Gudmundsen, Neils Jacobsen, James Cowan,

James Dove, James Mather, John R.

Eardley, Abraham Taylor, and in the early part of 1862, Hans Peter Smith, Richard John Livingstone and John O.

Mather, were also appointed to the apostleship.

Upon the complete organization of the sect, Joseph Morris became the president, with Richard Cook and John Banks as first and second counsellor respectively.

The counsellors subscribed the following oath upon their appointment ''I, having been duly elected and ordained to the High Priesthood, to be a counsellor to the Prophet of the Lord, do hereby set my hand to swear an Oath according to the Order of Holy Priesthood, in the presence of the Father, and of the Son, and of his servant, the Prophet, who holds the keys of authority on this earth.

And I testify that I will uphold him with all my power, and abide his counsel in all things until my mission is completed upon the earth."The quorum of the Twelve Apostles as originally organized was composed of the following persons John Parson, John Cook, Mark H. Forscutt, John E. Jones,

John Trulson, Gudmund Grundmundsen,

James Cowan, James Dove, James Mather, Jno. R. Eardley, Abraham Taylor, and Hans Peter Smith.

The apostles subscribed an oath almost identical with that of the counsellors, as also did the members of the high priesthood.

The "Morrisites,"as they were called by the people of the Territory, were instructed by their prophet that it was necessary to collect or to gather in one locality.

The place chosen was Kington Fort, near and just below the mouth of Weber Canon.

The settlement was situated on the low bottom grounds, south of the Weber River, and was hemmed in by bluffs, distant two or three hundred yards on the south and west, by the river and more distant bluffs on the north, and on the east by the tall mountains through which

THE MORRISITE WAR:'the stream has cut its narrow and rocky channel.

The buildings were grouped around the four sides of a square inclosure, to which access from the outside was given by four streets, one perpendicular to each side.

The houses were not continuous, gaps occurring here and there between them, which were fenced to keep out the cattle. There were no fortifications to the place previous to the appearance of the posse on the scene, except in the way of a

Spanish wall here and there which would serve as fair shelters from an attacking force.

There was a bowery constructed on one of the sides of the enclosure, a schoolhous>e near the centre of the fort, and a tent near the schoolhouse used for meetings in the more inclement weather.

As the population of the settlement increased, it became necessary to pitch tents in and around the fort.

There was little farming land in the vicinity and scarcely any of a desirable quality that had not been previously occupied.

There was, however, little demand for land among the people of the fort.

Their prophet taught that the coming of the Savior was at hand, and they who sowed would not need to reap:

that the supply of provisions and necessary articles of use on hand was amply sufficient to last until the Lord should come to feed the hungry and minister to the wants of the people.

There were few, therefore, who engaged in farming, and they were regarded as weak irt the faith, and were the objects of the criticism of their brethren.

It is said by those who were formerly followers of Morris, that it was taught and believed among them that the day was not far distant when the

Mormons should be delivered into the hands of the Morrisites, and when the latter would occupy and enjoy the fullness of the Mormon capital.

There was, therefore, no labor carried on in the Kington Fort except the necessary duties of the household and that incident to procuring a supply of firewood and provisions; men were detailed to go into the canons for wood and others to go to the neighboring set-; lements for breadstuff's.

All things were held m common.

The horses, cows, wagons, flour and property of every description were turned into the common fund under the charge of the bishops; credit was given for the donation.

When the people wished anything that was on hand they procured it from the storehouse and were charged with its value.

Of course, a supply that was constantly diminished and never replenished was certain eventually to become exhausted.

The people were therefore reduced to the necessity of selling their watches and jewelry, their wagons and stock, in order to procure food.

Their time was spent almost entirely in receiving instructions from their prophet, who told them that they came not there to labor, but to learn of the Lord.

"We were,"said a former member of their church, "as scholars at school."

Revelations were received once a week or oftener.

The prophet wrote them and caused them to be read to the people.

They were carefully recorded by Mark H.

Forscutt and John Parson, while a Danish convert translated them into his language for the benefit of the Danes, who constituted a large percentage of the people.

"The fai,th,"says a Morrisite, "seemed to embody all that Joseph Smith taught, with the addition of something more advanced, something deeper."Morris taught that the world was a great creature that has been growing for millions of years, that Christ would come to establish the kingdom, with Adam as the second in authority.

He taught the "principle of heirship,"and asserted that he was the re-incarnate spirit of Moses;

that Joseph Smith was the sixth angel spoken of in the Revelations, and that he, Morris, was the seventh; that the day would come when they should be delivered, their enemies destroyed, and they possess the land and all there was.

The chief idea of the Morrisite movement was the immediate advent of the Savior.

Revelations were received numbers of times, at which either the time ol the coming was set almost to the day, or a certain time was limited before the expiration of which the Lord was to come to his people.

Each time the Prophet

THE MORRISITE WAR."was compelled to explain the failure by such statements as that the people were not prepared, or the revelation was not correctly construed; and the people in each instance were admonished to make themselves clean and to prepare themselves more thoroughly for the great event.

On one occasion Morris is said to have received a revelation in which it was said the Lord would come in "too-tray"days.

One of the elders translated the mysterious words to read in two or three days, and it was so announced in one of the meetings.

Christ not coming, Morris said it was translated wrong, that it meant two or three weeks, and so it was postponed from time to time until the prophet met his tragic end.

In anticipation of the coming, a grand pageant was arranged for the 30th day of

May, 1862.

Upon that day it was expected that a supernatural demonstration would take place.

The procession was headed by Morris mounted on a white horse; on his head was a hat with seven crowns.

The counsellors to the prophet.

Cook and Banks, followed in order, mounted respectively on a red horse and a black horse; Cook carried a sword and Banks a pair of scales.

Next came John Parson, the President of the Twelve Apostles, also mounted, and then the Twelve on foot.

Twelve other men represented the Twelve priests of Aaron with their bishops as leaders.

Then came the martial band in uniform and twelve companies of infantry, partly in uniform, bearing arms.

A large number of men and women followed in the rear of the procession. Certain symbolical evolutions were made, the procession moved around in a circle first seven times for the seven dispensations, and then twelve times for the twelve princes of the earth, and then the chief men marched up to a carpeted platform in the centre of the multitude, where Morris waved his rod and said, "Beit known to all the earth that I am Moses."After this, Morris was hailed as prophet, seer and revelator, and according to the testimony of several men who were present, as king.

Banners were carried in the procession, among others, one on which the sentiment, "Peace and prosperity to our friends—'death and destruction to our enemies,"is said to have been written.

As the spring of 1862 opened, a dis.

position to arm themselves, and to drill, developed among the Morrisites. Whether that disposition arose from outside pressure, as stated by one of their number, or came from their doctrines as to the immediate advent of the Saviour and triumph of the Morrisites over their enemies, the chief of which they naturally regarded the Mormons, it is impossible to state.

They were, however, as the sequel shows, a law unto themselves;

they had no justice of the peace among them, no constable, no civil officers of any character;

their government was purely that of the Church, which did not stop at spiritual punishments and excommunication, but assumed to visit corporal punishment on those who violated their laws.

That "outside pressure"began to develop in the spring of 1862, cannot be questioned; that under the circumstances, it should have developed is not strange.

On the sixteenth of May, the First Division of the Soldiers of Israel was formed.

Joseph Morris was Captain at Arms;

John Fred. Klingbeck was Lieutenant at

Arms, and John Nielson, Andrew Lee, John E. Jones, Christian Nielsen, Andrew M.

Mason, Niels Peterson and P.

C.

Klemgaard were named as the seven captains of companies.

The companies 'contained twelve men each.

All of the officers and soldiers swore to and subscribed the following oath:

"Oath sworn by and names of the Soldiers of Israel.

"We the undersigned hereby set to our hands and swear by the following Oath:

"I, Having been chosen and elected by him who holds the keys of authority upon the earth, and whose legitimate right it is to call me to be a soldier, do hereby set my hand to swear a solemn oath in the presence of the Father, and of the Son, and of his servant, the Prophet, that I will both faithfully abide"the Law of God, and defend it unto death at the peril of my life, feeling it to be my duty and calling to do so; and that, as a soldier, I will obey my commander.

"THE MORRISITE WAR.""Agreeably to the Order of Heaven, I swear this oath before the Father, the Son, and these earthly witnesses, they being my witnesses that I have bound myself unto the Lord and his Prophet to faithfully defend the Law of God, until the day of my death.

This oath was signed by the lieutenantat-arms, and the seven captains, previously named.

It was also signed by the following men:

Band.

John A.

Merrick, William Adams, Edward Moss, Alex. Warrender,

James Moss, William Hill, Alexander Richardson, Elaezer Hill, Peter Moffat, Elijah Lucius Chappell.

Neils Anderson, Jens Christiansen, Jorgen Jensen, Soren Petersen, Hans Akasson, Rasmus Rasmussen, Christen Jensen, Peder Pedersen, Sven Hagg, Lars

C. Hansen, Michael C. Christiansen.

No.

Company.

William Harris, David Park, William White, George Dove, Peter J.

Moss, William Rogers, William Magee, Matthew Mudd, Peter McCue, George Thompson, James Laird,

Richard H. Brett.

John E.

Rees, John H. Williams, Edward Lloyd, Josiah D.

Price, William P.

Thomas, John W.

Treharne, David Richards, David J.

Powell, David Thomas, Thomas L.

Williams, John E.

Edwards, Griffith Thomas.

Christian Christiansen, Neils M. Joramson,

Michael Olsen, Lars Olsen, Christian Anderson, Neils R. Beck, Lars C. Larsen, Soren Willardsen, Peter Christoffersen, Neils A. Morrison, Jens Christian Jensen,

Jens C.

Sorrenson.

Hugh Park, James Richardson, William M.

James, John Garrett, Richard D. Alvy, William

Hill, John Lowe, John Ledgway, John Petrie, Joseph Dove, Elijah Clifford, Joseph Taylor.

Hans Petersen, John P. Lorentzon, Ole Oleson, Soren P. Rasmussen,

Hans C.

Rasmussen, Peter Sorenson, Soren Peter Guhl, Andrew Sorenson, Andrew Anderson, Hans Hansen, Jens Poulsen, Andrew Jensen.

No.

Company.

John O.

Mather, Richard J. Livingstone, John Cook, Johan

Trulsen, James Dove, James Mather, Hans Peter Smith, John E.Jones, John R.

Eardley, Gudmund Gudmundsen, Abraham Taylor, Mark H. Forscutt.

The following named persons also signed the soldiers'oath:

Alexander Dow, Thomas Parker, Winter Hastings,

Fountain A.

White, Daniel A.

Leigh, Andrew Christofferson, William Lloyd, William Davies, John Cames, Daniel Smith, John L.

Baer, Alonzo Brown, Oiuf Rosenblad, Charles Higham, John C. Loasli, Neils Larsen, Joseph Marsh.

These men, together with a number who do not appear to have signed the oath, were subsequently organized into three companies of the second division, with George J. Taylor, Joseph Reed, and

Winter Hastings as captains.

No.

1 Company.

Daniel Leigh, Oluf Sorenson, Peter Swenson, Oluf Rosenblad, Hugh Davies, Lars Hansen, Daniel

James, James Richardson, sen., William Hughes, Broer Sorenson, Samuel

Halse, Rasmus Hansen.

P. Petersen, Robert Roydes, Henry Baxter, Jacob Klingbeck, William Chamberlain, David Park, sen., Joseph Moss, sen.,

Andrew Christofferson, Philip Hewitt, Joseph Moss, jun., James Peacock.

No.

Company.

Charles Higham, Eric Eliason, John C.

Loasli, Joseph Werner, James Bowman, Daniel Smith,

George Duthelm, Peter L. McCue, sen., Henry Miller, sen., Soren Thompson, Jorgen Mortensen, Peter C. S. Kragskaw.

In addition to the one hundred and forty-two men enrolled in the army, there were a number of men not enrolled.

Richard W. Young.

A FAMOUS GENTLEMAN OF THE ROAD.

In the days of King Charles the Second there lived one of the most noted gentlemen of the road, Claude Duval, as gallant and pretty a fellow as ever danced upon nothing at all under "the three trees at Tyburn,"upon the occasion of whose death the author of "Hudibras"wrote a Pindoric ode, and who had such a taking

A FAMOUS GENTLEMAN OF THE ROAD.

way with the women that in his last hours, as Captain Johnson tells us, "abundance of ladies, and those not of the meanest quality, visited him in prison, and interceded for his pardon, and not a few accompanied him to the gallows, under their vizards, with swollen eyes and blubbered cheeks."

Of him it is told that one day, on hearing the news of a knight and his lady travelling into the county with four hundred pounds in their coach, he and three others spurred after them, and by-and-by came up with them upon a lonely heath a little way out of town.

The coach was stopped, and when the knight looked out of the window he saw a wicked-looking scamp in a vizard-mask at the horses'heads, another holding the cold rim of a pistol against his coachman's ear, and still another standing over the postillion.

A polite gentleman, most excellently well dressed, rode up to the coach upon a fine horse, and doffed his hat with an air that was worth coming that distance to see;

for, be it mentioned, the lady in the coach was "a fine, sprightly, creature."The polite gentleman was Monsieur Claude Duval.

"Sir,"said he to the knight, "I make no doubt that your lady dances excellently well.

Will you be pleased to step off the coach, and let me have the honor of dancing one courant with her upon the heath?""There is,"said the knight, lifting his hat with an air almost equal to that of the other—"there is no refusing such a polite request, sir.

You seem to be a man of generosity, and that which you ask is perfectly reasonable."

Thereupon the footman was called, the steps were dropped, the door opened, and the knight clambered out.

Duval himself handed the lady down.

"It was,"bursts forth the old chronicle that speaks of this—"it was surprising to see how gracefully he moved upon the heath.

Scarce a dancing master in London but would have been proud to have shown such agility in a pair of dancing pumps as Duval showed in a great pair of French riding boots."At last the dance was ended, and he handed the lady back into the coach again with all the gallantry conceivable.

But as the knight was about to follow, ''Sir, 'said he, ''you have forgot to pay the piper."His worship pulled a long face, but there was no help for it.

Out from under the seat of the coach he pulled a bag containing a hundred guineas, and handed it to Duval, who received it with a bow that was almost worth the money to see.

"Sir,"said he, "your rgenerosity and liberality are only exceeded by your noble behavior, and have saved you the other three hundred pounds which you have in the coach with you."For the rogue had knowledge of every farthing of the money and where it was hidden, and might have had it all, had he not, by some sudden quirk of his crazy wits, been pleased to dance three hundred pounds of it away in a heavy pair of riding boots on a grassy heath with a fine lady of quality.

Such is one of the legion of similar chapbook stories, all ringing with a certain feeling of open-handed generosity, and all of counterfeit metal;

for as in this the poor good knight lost one hundred guineas of honest money, so in them all some innocent victim suffers.

But always he is rich or powerful, and so chapbook literature sees nothing of the smart he suffers;

it is blind upon that side.

Howard Pyle, in Harper's.

What a man is depends in a great measure upon.

.

.

the influences that are working upon him in the family, in the society, and in the party to which he belongs.

H. W. Beecher.

History maketh a young man to be old without either wrinkles or gray hair, privileging him with the experience of age without either the infirmities or the inconveniences thereof.

Fuller.

He that blows the coals in quarrels he has nothing to do with, has no right to complain if the sparks fly in his face.

Franklin.

History looks upon the window of the soul that looks upon the deeds of the human race.—William T. Harris.

THE PHILOSOPHY OF TRUTH.

Enquiries after truth have one peculiar commendation above all other designs, in that they purpose to gratify the most noble faculty of the soul, and that they tend to promote the highest perfection of the rational being. The most laudable search after truth now, is merely an attempt to gather up the scattered fragments, of what was once an entire fabric—the recovery ofpriceless jewels, which have been lost in the shipwreck of human nature.

The saying of Plato, that "all knowledge is remembrance, and all ignorance forgetfulness,"is an undoubted truism, if by forgetfulness he meant the loss, and by remembrance the recovery, of a conception of those things, which the mind ol man once possessed in its pure and primitive state.

If we take a view of man's knowledge as it affects his fellow creatures, we find that these things were so well known to him on his first creation, that he did not need to go to college to gather his conceptions of them.

And from this knowledge proceeded the power to give the various creatures those peculiar names, so expressive of their several natures.

But we need not go so far back as the first man, to evince the knowledge of truth to be the most perfect attribute of the soul of man; for amongst the ruins of human nature, we find at least one people, capable of discerning so much beauty in the face of truth, that were any to ask what they find so attractive in their religion, they would answer as Aristotle once did, that "it is a question of one who never saw it."So pleasing indeed is the enquiry, and so satisfactory the finding of truth after the search, that the relish of it far exceeds the greatest Epicurism of an Apicius, or the most costly and luxurious entertainment of a Cleopatra.

There are certainly no persons better deserving the name of men—and of such it is consoling to think are Latter-day Saints—than those who allow their reason full liberty, and who cannot patiently suffer the imprisonment of their intellects in a dungeon of ignorance.

A question may very naturally arise:

If the desire for truth be so natural, and its acquirement so congenial to human nature, whence comes it that the world is so overrun with ignorance and barbarism?

This is unfortunately true, but we must consider that there is an intermediate state between the former acquaintance of truth and the renewal of it, in which all those remaining characters of mutual knowledge are sunk so deep, that it requires a new fire to be kindled, to render again legible those latent if not lost figures.

And when the fire has been kindled there is not so close an embrace between a magnet and a needle, as there is between the understanding and revealed truth.

It is assuredly sad to reflect that there are but few whose souls are awakened in this degenerate age, out of the lethargy that surrounds them. The vast majority are so pleased with their sleep, that they are loth to disturb their rest, and set a higher price upon a lazy ignorance, than upon a restless knowledge.

And even among those whose souls are, as it were, between sleeping and waking, what by reason of the confusion in their minds, the dimness of their moral sight, and the hovering uncertain light they are left to judge by, there are few indeed who are capable of distinguishing between a mere phantasm and real truth.

Undoubtedly the primary reason why so few pretenders to knowledge are successful in finding truth, is the want of an impartial diligence in the search of it.

Truth must be sought, and that with the utmost care and assiduity before it can be found.

Jewels do not lie upon the surface of the earth; highways are not paved with gold and we invariably find that what is of greatest worth calls for the greatest search.

If it merely required us to walk the streets to find jewels or the highway to find gold, we would soon cease to regard these things as valuable.

And is truth less valuable or more easily found than gold or jewels?

No.

Truth, though she be so fair and pleasing as to draw our affections, is yet so modest as to admit ot

THE PHILOSOPHY OF TRUTH.

being courted and perchance deny the first suit, to highten and increase our importunity.

Nothing has so much invalidated the search after truth as partiality and prejudgment.

These dual evils make men enquire more eagerly after the dowry, than the beauty of truth—its correspondence to their interests rather than its evidence to their understandings.

Prejudice is the wrong bias of the soul, which keeps it from coming near the mark of truth, and, indeed, almost invariably sets the mind at a greater distance from it.

There are few in the world, that look after truth with their own eyes, most of them make use of spectacles of others'making.

The tinctures of education, authority, tradition and predisposition, are but so many impediments which hinder men from beholding the proper lineaments in the face of truth.

Another reason why there are so few who find truth, where so many pretend to seek it, is the near and close resemblance which error often bears to it.

Origen observed that "error seldom walks abroad in the world in her own raiments; she always borrows something of truth, to make her more acceptable to the world."

It has always been the subtilty of great deceivers to graft their greatest errors on some material truths, in order to make these errors pass more undiscernible,with those who chose rather to look at the root on which error stands, than on the fruits which it brings forth.

And as.the most pernicious weeds grow upon the fattest soil, so the most destructive principles have been founded on the most necessary and important truths.

Thus idolatry supposes the existence of a deity, and superstition the immortality of the soul.

The general knowledge of a divine existent Being, laid the foundation upon which man built his idolatrous temples; and the belief of the soul surviving the body after death, without the accompaniment of knowledge of how to attain true happiness, only made men more eager to embrace those rites and ceremonies, which came with a pretence of showing the way to everlasting life.

We find another class of intelligence which can distinguish the rotten fruits of error built on truth, and, being deceived by the apparent insecurity o£ the superstructure, discard all, and leave not even a little smattering of truth behind.

Still another class are there who will accept no truth unless it amounts to an absolute certainty, visible to their physical vision, and who assert that because they cannot see God, therefore God does not exist.

To this class belong those who, puffed up by vain learning, imagine that what they cannot understand, cannot posssibly be comprehended, and what they fail to discern cannot have an existence.

Truth is the eternal attribute of God.

Whether it be in the religious or the scientific world, there does not exist a single truth which does not proceed from the Almighty.

Being an attribute of God, it can only come by means of His goodness in revealing it.

Democritus remarked that "truth lies at the bottom of a well the depth of which gives but little hope of its release."This is indeed true, and truth can only be brought up out of the well when God shows us the way how.

Men might by the improvement of reason, discover much—as they have in some instances—not only of the lapsed condition of their souls and the necessity to purge them in order to attain felicity, but also of some things pleasing to the Divine nature, from those differences ot good and evil which are unalterably fixed in things themselves.

But to acquire all truth, in other words, to discover the certain way to obtain remission of sins, to recover the grace and favor of God, to enjoy perfect peace and tranquility of conscience, to be able to please God and conform to His will, and by these means be assured of eternal happiness, can only be possible when God Himself shows us the truth.

Thousands of Latter-day Saints might still have bewildered themselves, following the ignesfatui of their own imaginations—as the pseudo Christain sects are still doing—and hunting up and down the world for a path which leads to Heaven, could not have found one, had God not been pleased to hang out a light from Heaven to direct them in their way hither,

THE PHILOSOPHY OF TRUTH

and by his Pharos of Divine revelation, so direct them to steer their course as to escape the rocks of idolatry and ignorance, and the quicksands of terrene delights.

Neither does He show them only what rocks they must escape, but also what particular course they must steer, what star they must have in their eye, what compass they must observe, and what winds and gales they must expect, if they would at last arrive at eternal bliss.

One would think that there could be nothing less needful in the world than to show mankind the way to acquire truth, and thus be happy.

Yet whoever casts his eye around will find no counsel so little hearkened to as this, nor anything which is looked on as a matter so trivial and unimportant.

Is it possible for the soul of man to enjoy its full complement of happiness when dissociated from the truth?

Is it not rather a fact that men's greatest delights are strangely unsuitable to our rational beings, and that truth alone is sweet and tempting enough to afford an everlasting source of satisfaction?

Truth and truth alone can keep up a constant and uninterrupted stream of desire, and yet be always able to satisfy it.

And when in our future state all these dark veils which warp our vision, shall have been torn asunder, and in our happier and brighter existence we shall bask in the sunshine of a never ending happiness, we shall realize to a full extent how great and how mighty is truth.

How striking and beautiful the words of Mason:

"Ere first these orbs in ether hung,

I shone amid the heavenly throng.

These eyes beheld creation's day;.

This voice began the choral lay,

And taught archangels their triumphant song.

Pleased I surveyed bright nature's gradual birth, Saw infant light, with kindling lustre spread,

Soft vernal fragrance clothe the flow'ring earth,

And ocean heave on its extended bed;

Saw the tall pine, aspiring pierce the sky,

The tawny lion stalk, the rapid eagle fly.

Last man arose erect in youthful grace,

Heav'n's hallow'd image stamped upon his face,

And as he rose, the high behest was given,

That I alone, of all the host of heaven,

Should reign protectress of the godlike youth,

Thus the Almighty spake—He spake and called me Truth!"George F. Phillips, M. A.

Here is a little note that will interest many of the children who have left the old home, and are slow to realize what a blessed comfort letters from absent ones brings: We all love to get letters, but I think no heart hungers for them more than the old folks, who, after raising a family of boys and girls, have seen them all go forth to build homes for themselves, and leave the old home so lonely and silent.

I was talking with an old lady a few days ago, and asking about her children.

She said:

"I have not heard from John in five or six months, and Mary and Julia only write once in a great while.

I think, sometimes, they have forgotten their father and me."

The old lady's voice trembled and her eyes filled with tears as she spoke.

My heart ached for her.

I thought of the grief it would bring to me if, when my children leave the home nest, they should neglect me in that way.

If any who read this are letting the cares of the new homes take so much of their time that mother is neglected;

I hope they will do so no more.

If you live too far away to visit your parents often, write them a letter every week It will not take much time and will bring so much joy into their lonely lives.

Write about the children, about your home, what you are doing;

write as you would talk—anything pertaining to your home and self will interest the dear old folks at home, who miss you every day.

It is a sad thought that families must be broken up and scattered, but if frequent letters pass between brothers and sisters, they will not grow apart and indifferent about the old home and each other.

The bright days of youth are the seedtime of life.

Every thought of the intellect, every motion of the heart, every word of the tongue, every principle adopted, every act performed, is a seed whose good or evil fruit will be the bliss or bane of after-life.

D.

Wise.

MILDEWS AND

MOLDS.

Mildews and molds we all have seen.

By common consent they are declared nuisances, yet their simple lives are full of interest and instruction to all who have eyes.

Let us look at a few of them.

One of the commonest is the green mold, frequently found in abundance on moist bread, soft fruit, potatoes, and even on leather-bound books and old shoes that have been kept in damp places.

To the unaided eye the green mold appears as a tangled mass of fine threads, beneath a layer of emerald powder, with here and there a tiny stalk or stem reaching above the common surface.

By means of a small and sharp pair of scissors, let us clip a bit of the mold from the object upon which it is growing, and, without shaking off the powder, or deranging the threads more than is necessary, place the tiny patch under the microscope.

Some such appearance as that seen in figure i will be revealed.

A number of fine mold the dusty appearance already noticed, the particles being in fact spores from which a second generation of green mold may be developed.

Fig.

i.

threads are interlaced, so as to form a fibrous bed, from which other threads rise into the air, and still others dip into the substance upon which the mold is situated.

These threads are technically called hyphcz; the descending ones are submerged hyphcz; the ascending, stemlike growths are known as cerial or erect hyphcs; and the matted floor constitutes the mycelium.

While on the consideration of these technical terms, it "should be said that the mold itself has received the somewhat formidable title of Penicillium.

A greater magnifying power will show a single thread to be of the form shown in figure 2.

Careful observation will demonstrate the additional facts that the hyphae are divided by cross partitions into sections, and that the erect hyphae are tipped with a number of small globular structures.

These latter, being readily separable from the hyphae, give to the Fig.

2.

To prove this instructive fact, we would do well to sow some of the spores in a proper medium, and watch the subsequent growth. A ripe tomato cut through so as to expose a fresh juicy surface, is an admirable field for the cultivation of this mold.

Sprinkle a little of the green dust upon the tomato, and set aside in a cool, damp place; after a few days a beautiful growth of Penicillium, representing an increase of many hundred fold, will reward your care.

Green mildew is known to flourish where no other kind seems able to subsist.

It has been called the scavenger among molds.

Enough has been already noticed to convince us that our common mold possesses the power of growing and multiplying—it is therefore a living thing.

This may be farther proved by subjecting a bit of mildew to heat; by which treatment it will lose all vitality—will be killed, in short.

From a careful comparison of mildews with other living structures, they are believed to belong to the vegetable kingdom, and to that division of plants known as fungi.

All fungi are capable of growth in the dark, and are devoid of the brilliant coloring matter which is present in the leaves and flowers of other plants.

Another variety of mold somewhat rarer than the foregoing is the white mold, properly called Mucor.

Some forms of this assume a dark color after reaching maturity.

If we mount and examine a tiny piece as before, the

MILDEWS AND MOLDS.

appearance represented in figure will be observed.

The submerged and aerial hyphae, and the matted mycelium are seen as in the preceding case.

These differences, however, are observable:

the threads are not divided by cross partitions, and the erect filaments are surmounted each with a large globular cell, which in turn is seen to contain a number of smaller bodies.

This spherical structure is called the sporangium or spore box;

and the contained bodies are in fact spores, corresponding to the green dust of Penicillium already described.

When more highly magnified, a single erect hyphae with its sporangium appears much like figure 4.

The general structure may be aptly compared with a ripened seed capsule of a poppy, borne upon its stalk.

When the Mucor has matured, the sporangia burst under very remarkable circumstances, scattering their contained spores to great distances if the space be clear of obstructions.

Here we find provisions for the same wise end that is attained among higher plants—the distribution of the spores or seeds over as wide an area as possible, thus tending to enlarge the domain of the species, and to avert the ill effects of over-crowding in one locality.

Many of the smaller fungi are parasitic by nature, that is, they live upon or within the Fig.

4.

bodies of other living structures. A remarkable example of such parasitism is found in the Botrytis bassiana, a tiny fungous mildew, the growth of which causes the disease known as Muscardine, so fatal to silkworms and other moths.

Figure 5 shows in a magnified form two filaments nearly matured, with the spores and clusters;

not unlike miniature bunches of grapes.

These tiny spores are drawn into the insect's body through the breathing pores, and there they grow with great rapidity upon the tissues of their host, lowering the vitality, and eventually causing the death of the insect.

The fungus seldom shows itself outside the caterpillar's body till after the death of the latter, when the fila- ments are seen protruding between the segments of the body.

The bodies of silkworms thus affected should be destroyed by fire;if thrown aside and left to decay, the fungus will mature its spores Fig.

5.

in great numbers, these will be diffused through the air, and may be inhaled through the breathing organs of other insects previously healthy.

The mildew often found attacking the stems of grasses and grain plants proves on careful examination to be a fungous growth; and the name Puccinia graminis has been applied to it.

The microscope shows the mildew-masses to consist of clusters of spore cases, mostly pearshaped (figure 6) each filled with tiny spores.

The descending hyphae of the wheat mildew penetrate the epidermis of the plant upon which it grows, and interweave themselves among the cells below, extracting therefrom the juices.

All of the many forms o f dustbrand, rust, milFig.

6.

dew, smut, and others which present themselves with such destructive effect on growing grain, are of a fungous order.

Often-times the entire structure of the grain seed will be destroyed, and in its place a mass of dark brown or black powder is seen, and this consists of innumerable spores, capable of growth.

The mildew disease is often spread by the thoughtless action of farmers, who, with well merited disgust for the destroyers of their crops, reject every smutty ear of maize or wheat

MILDEWS AND MOLDS.

often leaving such upon the field, to scatter their spores broadcast.

All affected ears should be carefully collected and burned.

Another very troublesome mold is the potato blight, properly called the Pero7iospora infestans, which has been known to destroy the potato crops over wide areas.

The spores of this parasite, finding their way to a potato leaf, sink their hyphae through the stomata, or breathing openings, and interweave between the cells of leaf and stem, absorbing the nutriment therefrom and causing the speedy death of the plant.

Fig.

7.

A remarkable fungus, a kind of ergot (Uslitago Typhoides) affects the rushes in the marshy districts of England, and causes serious suffering to the laborers who are engaged in gathering the rushes for the basket trade.

Wherever the spores of microscopic fungi find favorable conditions for growth, they will grow, often-times in great profusion.

Fungous growths have been found flourishing in the folds of skin around the nails of the human hand, and even about the bases of teeth that are but rarely cleansed, and upon the scalp in certain diseases.

Dr. Leidy, a noted microscopist, found a profuse growth of fungous vegetation upon the bodies of certain parasitic worms, infesting the alimentary canals of other animals.

In the stomach of a beetle {Passu his coriiutus), Fig.

8.

this observer found a forest of tiny plantsand from his sketch of the strange appearance, figure 7 is reproduced. Among the fungi here shown, a number of brushlike hairs are mingled.

Small as are the structures already described, many others are still more minute, some of which are seldom considered as molds though in reality they are fungi.

A drop of ordinary baking yeast when properly examined with the microscope, is seen to "consist of innumerable, tiny bodies, generally of an *oval form, floating in the liquid.

The ordinary appearance is represented in figure 8.

Each cell shows an enclosing membrane, known as the sac, within which are the fluid contents.

A central speck, called the nucleus, is also discernible. The average size of the cells is about one three-thousandth of an inch in diameter.

Yeast really consists of a multitude of living plants, which, by their growth and multiplication, bring about certain fermentative changes, transforming sugar into alcohol and carbonic acid gas, the former being mostly sought after in the manufacture of fermented liquors, and the latter being of service in causing the light and spongy condition of dough in bread making.

Each of the oval bodies illustrated in the sketch is a complete plant capable of independent existence and multiplication.

Reproduction is effected by the process of budding. Under favorable conditions, the yeast plant, or Torula, as it is more correctly called, bulges on the surface, the protuberance finally assuming a form like the original body.

This bud may be separated, or if not dis- (gt, turbed, may remain connected with the parent plant for a great length of time.

Figure 9 represents two complicated colonies of Torula?

observed by the writer in yeast or barm taken from a beer vat.

The microscope has shown that fermentation and putrefaction occur only through

'292 THOUGHTS ON NATURE.

the agency of some such organisms, the different varieties of which give rise to the many forms of such changes of decay.

If some organic infusion, such as beef tea, or the water in which table vegetables have been cooked, be set aside for a few days, it will become murky in appearance, emitting at the same time a disagreeable odor.

A drop of such fluid submitted to microscopical examination is seen to contain a number of floating fungi, to which the general name Bacteria has been given.

Figure 10 represents the <ES> commonest forms, \ "I all of which may <£>©©© be met with in simple infusions. At A the tiniest and perhaps the simplest is seen it is called the Micrococcus, the name indicating i t s extreme minuteness it is Fi£- IO - seldom more than one twenty-five-thousanth of an inch in diameter.

A bacterial form very similar to this, considered in fact by some observers to be identical with it, is found in the bodies of fowls afflicted with chicken cholera.

B illustrates a very common form known as the

Bacterium termo from which the name bacteria has been given to the entire class.

The name means little rod, and is applied because of the staff-like form of the organism.

At C is sketched the Bacillus, one variety of which {Bacillus subtilis) is often met with in infusions of

Indian corn.

A closely allied kind is found in the bodies of men and animals suffering from splenic or anthrax fever.

D shows a much longer form, the Spirillum, noted for its spirally twisted structure, and the presence of cilia of motion at the ends.

These are a few of the tiniest, and, as regards structure, the simplest of plants.

Many of them are unicellular, and all are composed of threads of the cells united in the simplest manner.

Many large fungi—relatives of the mildews and the molds, are known;

the mushroom, the toadstool, and the tree fungus are familiar examples.

These are in structure similar to the microscopic forms already examined.

They delight in rich, moist soil, and under favorable circumstances they grow and multiply with surprising rapidity.

The number of spores which a fungus may develop is almost beyond computation.

Dr. Carpenter states that a single individual of the puff-ball tribe has been computed to send forth no fewer than ten million spores.

And their minuteness is such that they are scattered through the air in the condition of the finest dust; so that it is difficult to conceive of a place from which they could be excluded. The same observer has called attention to the monstrous growths yielded by many-fungoid spores which are themselves invisible to the unaided eye.

He relates an account of a paving stone twenty-one inches square, and weighing eighty-five pounds, which was lifted one and a half inches by a cluster of toadstools growing beneath.

Sir Joseph Banks records a remarkable instance of fungoid growth.

A cask of sweet wine was put in a cellar, and there left to "age"in undisturbed quiet for a period of three years.

At the end of that time an attempt was made to enter the cellar, but the door refused to yield.

Finally an opening was forced and the cellar was found to be completely filled with monstrous fungi, on the top of which, and in contact with the ceiling, the cask rested.

The wine had leaked from the cask, and had fomed a very rich soil for these strange plants.

J. E. Talmage.

THOUGHTS ON NATURE.

"Eternal Science! Who would fathom thee

Must launch his bark upon a shoreless sea.

Thy knowledge yet shall overwhelm the earth,

Thy truth to immortality give birth;

Thy dawn shall kindle to eternal day,

And man immortal still shall own thy sway."The years that are spent at school, in storing the brain with the beauties of language, geography and the sciences, enable us only to step on the threshold of knowledge.

All these years of hard study only place in our hands the key to eventually unlock the storehouse of Knowledge and Truth as it exists in the

MORONI.

bosom of Eternity.

The current of our lives is changed forever if we have made a wise use of this time.

The refined nature catches at the excellence of poetry and the beauties of the universe.

To all such, at the view of the declining sun that glints on the foliage of the trees throwing shadows on the landscape, showing up the beauties of light and shadow, the heart is filled with an exalted sense of appreciation.

How wonderful are the mysteries of the insect kingdom!

What glory and light we witness in the kingdom of flowers!

Yet many who have passed years in study never behold these beauties and delights.

Wordsworth, speaking of this class, says:

"A primrose by the river's brim

A yellow primrose was to him, And it was nothing more."By all these things we are plainly shown that we are of a dual nature.

The Apostle John says:

"There is a light that lighteth every soul that cometh into the world."By some being so full of appreciation, and others having eyes yet see not, it must be that to some is given more, of this light, or else some cultivate it more than others.

It was promised to be a guide unto our feet and a light unto our souls.

So all knowledge which but develops our physical part, must fall short, unless our spiritual nature be also cultivated.

To do this we must be guided by the never failing light of that lamp of which the Apostle speaks.

Then the rough diamond within us will be so polished that we can behold the glory of the

Creator displayed in the starry heavens, and witness His majesty and wrath in the storm-tossed waves of the mighty ocean.

These speak of His power and wisdom, but the little violet growing under the hedge speaks of His great love, and the helpless little bird in its nest, of His kind and fatherly care.

The unending light of that spiritual lamp will truly guide our feet to the Great Fountain of all knowledge.

I pray that we all, dear friends, may quaff deep of these waters, that we may never lack knowledge, or thirst for love or appreciation any more.

Nettie Alder.

At learning's fountain it is sweet to drink, But 'tis a nobler privilege to think.

MORONI.

A SKETCH OF THE NEPHITE REPUBLIC.

It is always a critical time in a republic when its chief executive is to be elected.

It is then that party passion is wrought up to its highest pitch.

It is then that ambitious demagogues meet with disappointment by failing to obtain the election for themselves or for those over whom they hoped to have an influence.

Unfortunately it is but seldom that a nation has such characters as Paedaretus, the Spartan, in it, who, when he learned that he had failed to be chosen one of three hundred who had a certain rank of distinction in the city, went home rejoicing that in Sparta there were three hundred men more worthy of the place than himself.

Too often it happens, that disappointed men, ambitious of place or power, seek to wreck the government they cannot rule.

Moreover, at these elections, old questions that have been settled before by the voice of the people are agitated again;

and changes in the constitution and laws are urged upon the attention of the people—changes, too, not always of a salutary nature; and such changes find champions—always bold, often unscrupulous, and sometimes successful; and thus good governments are frequently corrupted by the introduction of pernicious changes or principles into their constitutions.

These remarks, I believe, apply to republics in general; they are particularly true of the Nephite Republic. And some of them are exemplified in the election of

Pahoran to the chief judgeship, with the notice of which our last chapter closed.

The Monarchist Party, suppressed by the vigorous measures adopted by Moroni, only five years before, again arose; but

MORONI.

now was more insidious in its methods than before; perhaps the factors composing it remembered that Moroni still lived, and that his attachment for the republic was undiminished, while his hatred of monarchy had grown no less; therefore they asked that the constitution should be changed only in a few particulars. But those "few particulars,"if the changes had been made, would have been sufficient to have overthrown the free government, in the estimation of the Nephite writers, and therefore Pahoran was steadfast in his determination that the alterations should not be made.

Finding that Pahoran would not make the desired changes, the Monarchist Party sought to deprive him of the chief judgeship, and such was their influence that the matter was referred to the people, who gave their votes in support of the position taken by the chief judge, and he retained his office to the great joy of the free men, or friends of the republic, and to the corresponding disappointment of the aristocracy, or those who sought to be recognized as such.

It was in the midst of this political agitation that the* Lamanites, under the leadership of Amalickiah, appeared on the south-east frontier of the Nephite possessions, before the city Moroni.

The appearance of Amalickiah with his forces, at the very crisis of the political agitation above mentioned, gives strong grounds for believing there must have been an understanding and co-operation of movement between this bold traitor and the Monarchists still living within the republic.

At any rate when the disappointed

Monarchists learned of the appearance of Amalickiah with his army, they made no effort to conceal their satisfaction, and refused to take up arms against the invaders.

Moroni had evidently been a close observer of these events, and at the refusal of the Monarchist Party to take up arms in defense of the government, had his suspicion of treason, and applied for power to suppress it.

He wrote out a petition, which the people sustained, and presented it to the chief judge, asking. that he (Moroni) be given power to compel the Monarchists to defend their country, or put them to death.

The chief judge granted this petition of Moroni and the people.

Moroni, always prompt to act when the republic was in danger, and further spurred on to activity by the presence of an enemy on his frontier, at once marched against the Monarchists.

So stubborn were they that they resisted his army even unto bloodshed; and not until four thousand of their number fell by the sword could they be reduced to submission.

Their property was destroyed in order to humble their pride, and they were compelled to accept the principles of liberty of which the standard of Moroni was the emblem.

Their claims to nobility of blood they renounced, and took up arms in the cause of the government;

and thus an end was made to a would-be aristocracy.

The leaders of this movement, those who were not killed, were cast into prison to await their trial for treason, since there was no time to try them at the time of their capture, as the army of Amalickiah was playing havoc in the southwest, and all the attention of the government was required to repel the invasion.

Before I begin the account of this war, a word on the power conferred upon Moroni to put down the Monarchists, and which he seems to have retained throughout this war.

It is generally conceded that democracies are liable to be weak in executing their laws: and it is because of this fact that some have held a democracy to be an impracticable form of government, however much the theory on which it is based may be admired.

In order to obviate this difficulty democracies have not infrequently adopted the plan of creating trusted leaders dictators, clothed with all the authority of an absolute monarch during periods of special peril.

Thus did the Romans a number of times during the existence of their grand republic, when any occasion arose that required prompt executive action, and action that should be unquestioned.

And such, I believe, was the power conferred upon Mcroni by the people and the chiefjudge.

In other words, he was made dictator of

MORONI.

the republic in this its moment of supreme trial; and we shall see, in the history of the period we are about to relate, that it was well that the destinies of the go\^rnment were committed to one at once so wise, and yet so prompt in action.

Meantime Amalickiah had been meeting with a series of uninterrupted successes.

The city of Moroni had fallen into his hands, and from thence he began a march along the East Sea Coast, taking city after city, the principal of which were Moroni, Nephihah, Lehi, Morianton,

Omner, Gid and Mulek, nearly all of which were the new cities founded during the reign of peace following the war that closed in the nineteenth year of the republic.

Amalickiah repaired and strengthened the fortifications of these cities that they might be strongholds for the Lamanites as they had before been for their enemies.

Leaving portions of his great army in the cities he had taken, Amalickiah continued his march up the sea coast, with the hope, doubtless, of obtaining the narrow isthmus which led into the land northward. But the land Bountiful, with its splendidly fortified city of the same name, lay between him and that narrow pass, and there, too, was Moroni's great lieutenant, the right hand of the republic, Teancum, with his army of veterans.

And here in the borders of the land Bountiful the imperious traitor and his victorious army met with defeat.

Teancum drove him from the borders of Bountiful to the sea coast, and the work of destruction went on until the darkness of night compelled it to stop.

Fatigue, brought on by the excessive heat of the climate—for those men were fighting in the heart of the torrid zone as much as by the excited action of the battle, compelled Amalickiah to encamp his army near where defeat had overtaken him, and either renew the doubtful conflict on the morrow or begin a retreat.

That morrow, however, he did not live to see; for Teancum, with only a single attendant, when sleep had sealed the eyes of others, stealthily passed their own lines and entered the encampment of the enemy. Finding the tent of Amalickiah, Teancum entered it and drove a javelin into the heart of the sleeping traitor.

So dexterously was the feat accomplished that even the servants of Amalickiah were not awakened, and Teancum with his trusty servant returned to their own encampment in safety from their perilous expedition.

On entering within the lines of his own army, Teancum had his soldiers a- wakened and the event of the night related to them.

He also desired that they should be in readiness lest the Lamanites on finding their leader slain should make a sudden attack upon his army to avenge his death.

With the first signs of returning day the dead body of their leader was discovered by the Lamanites, but as they saw the army of Teancum in readiness to receive them, consternation instead of a desire for revenge took possession of them, and they retreated hastily to the city of Mulek where they could feel secure from the army of Teancum, of which they had a mortal fear, though it was much inferior in point of numbers to their own.

Here the brother of Amalickiah was chosen king of the Lamanites.

His name was Ammoron, a character in every way worthy to succeed his brother, being second only to him in treason and other villainy.

Here let us pause to reflect upon the action of Teancum in taking the life of Amalickiah; and upon the character of the latter.

First, then, as to the deed of

Teancum:

I doubt not if it were viewed in the light of those rules that govern modern warfare, the deed would not escape censure;

and that high sense of honor usually attributed to army officers of high standing in our times would make such a deed unworthy any one of them.

For instance, had General Grant or Sheridan or Sherman in the late rebellion stolen to the tent of the great Southern

General, Robert E.

Lee, and taken his life while asleep—I confess to a feeling of repulsiveness in the contemplation of such a thing, and such an act would doubtless have met with unstinted condemnation.

But let it be remembered

PIONEER SKETCHES.

that Tcancum lived in another age, with customs different from those we know;

and was of a race different to ours; and after all, that mysterious thing called "sense of honor"depends largely upon training, upon education, and so far as one may judge from what is written in the Nephite Annals in our possession, there was no shadow of condemnation, no taint of dishonor, attributed to Teancum for his action in this matter.

The fact, too, that Amalickiah was a traitor, and had forfeited his life to the state, goes far to mitigate the deed of Teancum even in our eyes.

To cite a supposed case more nearly akin to the one in which Teancum was the chief actor:

Suppose a prominent general in the American army, had passed through the lines of the

British army to the tent of Benedict Arnold when he was laying districts in Connecticut waste, and struck him down as

Teancum did Amalickiah.

I think the American people would have been more likely to have voted him a monument than to have passed a vote of censure upon him in Congress.

As for the character of the man who fell by the hand of Teancum, but little need be said, since those who have had the patience to follow us through this sketch have as much data on which to base their view of him as the writer has.

That he possessed executive ability of a very high order, must be conceded—the remarkable success of his enterprises among the Lamanites, by which he raised himself to their throne, proves it.

That he possessed courage—I may say a desperate courage—cannot be denied.

To say that he was an ambitious, cunning, unscrupulous, desperate villain and traitor, is only to repeat what the readers of these chapters already know.

His was a stormy life, and violent was its ending.

It ended, too, before he had attained to the darling object of his ambition—supreme authority over both Nephites and

Lamanites, united into one kingdom, himself the king.

Nor did he even have the poor satisfaction of fulfilling the rash oath he made to drink the blood of Moroni; but he was sent to his account with all his sins upon his head ere half his ambitious dreams were realized, and left his patriot foe-man on the earth to direct the destinies of the great republic whose overthrow he had sought to encompass.

Amalickiah's life is one that illustrates a character powerful intellectually, but devoid of those moral and spiritual sensibilities which restrain the baser elements in man's nature and keep him somewhere near the rule of right.

His was the typical infidel character;

that is, one who is in earnest in his infidelity.

He felt no sense of responsibility to anyone for his conduct.

Everything was lawful to him that he could accomplish.

He recognized no criterion for his actions but his own selfish interests, and with cruel consistency he steadily walked in the path where he considered those interests led him, and unscrupulously removed from it all obstacles that seemed to obstruct bis progress, though to accomplish such removal compelled him to make red his hands in the blood of his fellowmen.

Fortunate it is for our race that from the very nature of man such characters are only now and then possible;

and even when they do exist, they are monstrosities, and, being regarded as such, are deprived of the power to work much mischief.

B. H. Roberts.

PIONEER SKETCHES.

v.

SEEKING A REFUGE IN THE DESERT—II.

In the previous number we referred to a company of emigrants who perished of starvation in the desert of Southern shorter route to California.

As we found many traces of the lost company, during our explorations in those deserts, it seems proper to refer to its sad fate in this article.

As we previously mentioned, one Nevada, in 1849, while vainly seeking a of our number, a Mr.

Bennett, was one

PIONEER SKETCHES.

of this unfortunate party of emigrants one of the seven survivors who gave to

Death Valley such a dread notoriety.

While crossing;

a low ridge, thickly clothed with cedars, we came upon an old wagon trail, with places here and there where the cedars had been cut away to make a passage for the wagons; in that dry climate, where it so rarely rains, these signs seemed not more than a year old, instead of nine years, as they really were.

Mr.

Bennett gave us the story around our evening camp fires, and as we followed the trail of the lost company for more than a hundred miles, and found pieces of wagons, rusted tools, wagontires, and bits of rotton clothing, it gave his story an interest to our minds, that time can never efface, and keeps it still fresh in the memory, as when told to us thirty-two years ago.

Mr.

Bennett was an educated man, and at that time a Mormon, but subsequently he apostatized from the little Mormonism he possessed.

His story had within itself every evidence of truth, and the writer has not a doubt as to its correctness.

He said We were about a hundred wagons, families, from the states, going to California by the south route, having as our guide Capt.

Hunt, a Mormon, well acquainted with the route.

One of our party had one of Col.

Fremont's maps which showed a range of mountains lying east and west from the Wasatch to the Sierra Nevada, and forming an alleged southern rim to the great basin of Utah.

This map showed many small mountain streams flowing from this imaginary range northward into this basin, which, it was argued, would furnish plenty of water along the route; and that this cut off would save many hundred miles of travel.

In vain Capt. Hunt told them there was no such range.

They pointed to Col. Fremont's map by way of unanswerable reply. Fremont was then in the height of his popularity as the great "Pathfinder, "the great explorer, and it was assumed that anything coming from him must be reliable.

His map, false as it was, pretending to delineate a portion of country he had never at any time seen, carried the day and caused the death of more than a hundred men, women and children.

The company traveled westward for days, vainly looking for Fremont's shadowy range, until at length they reached a valley in which the Big Muddy takes its rise.

There they halted, worn and discouraged, and discussed the propriety of returning to the regular emigrant road they had abandoned, which Capt. Hunt strongly urged them to do.

At length seventy families determined to retrace their steps, and did so, under the guidance of Capt. Hunt, finally reaching California in safety.

Thirty families determined to continue their present "cut-ofl"route, and in so doing exposed themselves to a lingering death.

This company toiled westward week after week through those sandy and alkaline plains, suffering much for lack of water, and at length reached what is now called Death Valley, their teams worn out, many cattle dead, and them selves disheartened.

In Death Valley they remained for weeks, unable to get any farther.

Time after time they endeavored to leave the valley, but in every case a failure to find water upon the route chosen compelled their return, each time with a reduced number of their work oxen.

They were almost in despair, when one day they saw evidence of an approaching storm, and started again, hoping by its aid to cross the surrounding deserts.

After going a few miles the rain descended upon them, and, spreading quilts, sheets and everything that would catch and retain the precious element, they secured enough to carry them across the western desert.

But soon their teams became so reduced that they had to abandon their wagons, with almost all they contained.

Taking in their hands a little bedding and provisions—they could not carry much—the forlorn party went forward on foot, driving their few remaining cattle for food.

But even this desperate condition had one scene of amusement.

One man who had a strong, gentle ox, fixed a saddle upon him which his wife essayed to occupy.

Being well-to-do, she had much

PIONEER SKETCHES.

finery which she was loath to abandon, and therefore affixed to her person many yards of ribbon and laces, pinned on here and there.

She was riding sedately one day when suddenly a passing gust of wind fluttered her streamers so widely that the cattle took fright and stampeded, her steer with the rest, and soon she was in the van, the whole herd following, crazed as only oxen can be.

As her steer jumped a ditch she fell to the ground, the whole herd passing over her, but strange to say, she was untouched and unhurt.

The spectators to this unique steeplechase, miserable as they were, could not help laughing.

Thus they toiled onward, suffering untold agonies from thirst until their last ox had been killed and eaten.

If the reader can, let him imagine their terrible situation;

helpless, tender women and little children, their bare feet blistered in the hot sand or cut by the sharp rocks, famished and hopeless.

Once they killed a rabbit with a stone, and devoured it raw on the spot.

At another time they met some Indians, who stripped them of almost all their clothing, but gave them a few quarts of pine nuts, upon which they subsisted for some days, dealing to each a handful at a time.

And now the weaker ones began to die one after another as their accumulated miseries wore out their exhausted bodies.

But this was not the worst.

A woman or child would give up, unable to go any further.

For a while the others tried to carry or assist the fainting one, but their own strength was insufficient, and the wife, the darling child, or perhaps a broken down husband had to be abandoned, still living, to die alone of starvation or by the bloody fangs of the coyote—a fearful but more merciful death. Who can tell the agony of mind endured not only by those so left to die, but by the still surviving husband or wife!

Our imagination shrinks appalled at the picture!

So more than a hundred were left to die one after another until but six men and one woman remained alive.

By this time they had reached the Sierra Nevada, and a man hunting in the mountains found the miserable remnant and took them to a saw mill, where they remained until their strength was regained.

The day before they were saved, the woman had given out, unable to proceed farther.

They bade her good bye and left her to her fate.

They had only been in camp about an hour when in she came.

She said she had resigned herself to death after their departure, when suddenly the horrible thought—what if Indians or wolves should find me!—struck such a terror to her heart, that she rose and struggled on until she gained the camp and was saved as above stated.

Bennett says the survivors were loud in their denunciations of Fremont for thus issuing a lying map of a country he had never seen, to bolster up his reputation as an explorer and to gain notoriety.

Such is a brief sketch of this veritable "journey of death,"a story little known, but seldom surpassed in tragic horror.

To illustrate the care taken by the desert Indians in the storage of water, we relate the following.

Our party was suffering for water, when we had the good fortune to find an Indian, who promised for a supply of food, to show us some, pointing, as he spoke, to the top of a mountain a few miles distant.

A party of horsemen, supplied with canteens, as many as they could carry, went with him to find the spring.

Upward we toiled for miles finding no rivulet or spring and we began to think he was deceiving us as he still pointed to the very top of the mountain, and we felt sure there could be no spring there.

Arrived at the summit, the Indian lifted a large flat stone and disclosed a natural tank or hole in the rock containing about two barrels of pure, cold water.

Lifting other flat stones we found several other tanks partly filled with water, cool and inexpressibly delicious to the thirsty, tongue-swollen soul.

These holes are filled during the season of rains and are then carefully covered for preservation.

And to get a drink one must spend nearly a day in a toilsome trip up and down a high rugged mountain.

And here let me say a word about water.

Our company had in abundance tea and coffee, and some California

PIONEER SKETCHES.

brandy; but in a desert land they cannot take the place of water to the thirsty nothing can.

The writer speaks from an experience in burning deserts of the south, and icy regions of the north, of over forty years;

an experience gained in Indian raids, exploration, and surveys of public lands, with small parties and large; he has encamped in the snow in Idaho when the mercury in the thermometer was frozen solid; but he can testify positively that men who use neither tea, coffee nor spirits, can endure extremes of either heat or cold much better than can men who do use them.

The beverage provided by the Creator cannot be supplanted by anything substituted by man.

And this we say without fear of successful denial.

We speak of these drinks as a common beverage, not as medical remedies to be used with skill and applied externally or internally.

While the main camp remained at Deseret Springs, a party of eighteen horsemen was detached for a two weeks'reconnoissance of the surrounding country.

Having traveled northward several days, and being anxious to know our location more exactly, we ascended a high mountain in hope to be able to see a certain high peak in the north by which to know if our suppositions as to locality were correct.

We reached the summit, and then found another peak still higher to be climbed; and here fifteen of our party declined to go any further.

But Col. Dame, J. H. Martineau, and Nephi Johnson, determined to ascend the highest peak, for the distant mountain they hoped to see was as yet invisible.

After a laborious climb they reached the summit, but although the sky was clear and without a speck, no peak like that we wished to see was in view.

Long and carefully we looked, but Pilot Peak was not in sight, much to our dissappointment.

But on this mountain peak the spirit of liberty seemed to dwell;

we seemed lifted above the sinful world and to be nearer heaven. Of the abundance of flat stones lying about, an altar was reared around which the little party gathered, and after singing the hymn, "For the strength of the hills we bless Thee,"engaged in the true order of prayer.

Having prayed God to open our way and our understanding, we looked again to the north, and there, in plain view, we saw the mountain peak so much desired!

Perfectly and plainly it was outlined against the sky. We looked at each other in astonishment and with gratitude to the Father who had heard and answered our prayers, and had given us the knowledge we desired.

Some may smile in derision, but it is true, nevertheless.

We ascended the mountain for a certain purpose, and God in His mercy blessed us according to our desires.

If this be deemed miraculous, it is not more so than many incidents that occurred to our exploring party, and simply shows that God is as willing to hear and to bless now as He was a thousand years ago.

While upon this detached trip, we learned of a large cave, and of the Indian traditions concerning it.

Camping not far from it, we visited and explored its interior about three-quarters of a mile without seeing any signs of an end.

The Indians believe that many generations ago, two squaws ventured in, and were captured by people who lived in it, and carried many days further into the interior of the earth.

They said the cave opened out into a country similar to that above ground, with rivers, fields, mountains and valleys.

Also that the people were white and had houses, horses, cattle and wagons, like the Mormons;

and that after some months they escaped and told their wondrous tale.

To this day, no Indian will venture to enter its gloomy recesses, fearing he may be spirited away as were the squaws.

After some months spent in exploration it was decided to open a farm in what we named Meadow Valley, in the north end of which a large spring of warm water issues from a rocky cliff.

A dam was made in a canal cut about two miles long which conveyed the water to our field.

Each company of three cleared and planted a plat of three acres, and were busily engaged in tending luxuriant crops, when word arrived that the war was over, and that President Buchanan

FOR YOUi\G MEN.

had pardoned the Mormons for their alleged rebellion.

Joyfully the company returned to their homes and families, and thus ended the White Mountain Mission.

Santiago.

FOR YOUNG MEN.

Young man, how do you view the great question of life?

And what steps do you take to prepare yourselves to meet present emergencies, and the innumerable vicissitudes which will crowd around you during your mortal career?

You have not given the matter much thought.

Well, let me try briefly to bring it to your attention;

because the longer you delay your consideration of this question, the more remote becomes the probability that you will make a success of yourself.

Someone once manufactured an axiom, which undoubtedly you have written, and read and heard hundreds of times, and which reads as follows:

"Time is money."Of course you are desirous of securing as much money as you can in an honest manner;

I shall be correct in pre-supposing this;

therefore, make good use of your time, and it is pretty safe to assert that you will be able to augment your bank account.

Now I would not have you suppose that I would make the pursuit of riches the primary object of a man's life, for the Son of God said: "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all other things shall be added unto you."

This quotation alone, I think, should give you the keynote of success.

But be ambitious.

Determine to do something honorable..

Remember that each one of you is a member of a great commonwealth; remember that each one of you has a mission to perform; remember that a watchful father and a loving mother are hopeful that you will do something and be somebody.

Do not think that because you live in Utah, were born, perhaps, of humble parents, and are a "Mormon,"that you can never be more than a small factor in the great sum of life.

Daniel was a captive, but he became prime minister of one of the greatest empires of which history gives record.

Joseph was the son of a patriarch; he was a shepherd boy, but he became the chief advisor, and the right hand man of the ruler of the once mighty

Egypt.

I need not mention other scriptural examples to spur your energy or to arouse you to greater perserverance.

In these instances you will readily see that it is possible for a young man to be true to his God, to his parents, and to his native land, and yet make a record pertaining to worldly affairs which shine through the dust and dimness of thousands of years.

With these men, a desire to serve God and a determination to do so under all circumstances were paramount;this done, they set about doing good to themselves and their fellows in other honorable directions.

Do you need examples of a recent date?

Then read the history of the lives of Stevenson, of Watts, of Morse, of Edison, of Garfield and of others too numerous to mention in this short article.

All had ambition, all had an object in life.

Not any of these had any time to waste in frivolity.

Watts devoted more time to watching a steaming kettle than he did to baseball, or any other kindred game of his period.

Stevenson studied the cold facts connected with the application of steam for motive purposes, more than he did fiction.

Other comparisons might be made but enough in this line has been said.

Now is the time to form your resolutions, and to set high the acme of your ambition.

Determine to do something honorable, to do it well, and to do it quickly.

Good earnest work gives satisfaction, it soothes the concerner and makes life a charm.

Gather in the golden hours which may be now going to waste, and see if you cannot make life a little longer; not by putting off death, for that is impossible with any of us, but by crowding into this short probation as much experience and execution as possible.

This will give you greater joy when the sun of your life is gilding the hills, than if you had wasted time and energy, had been all your life a big nobody, and had done nothing worthy of being recorded in your favor.

Sapphire.

FIAMETTA.

Sketch for a Love Tale of the Sierras.

by alfred lambourne.

Book the Second.—A Spreading Cloud.

..'VI.

"high jinks.""Come, let us goe, while we are in our prime;

And take the harmlesse follie of the time.""High Jinks,"the slang name for the artists'merry-making, which we have used at the head of this chapter, was either the outgrowth of the Bohemian Club, or the Bohemian Club was the outgrowth of it, it is hard to tell which.

A number of artists and musicians,

I believe, inaugurated the custom, and a good custom it was, and one that at last grew into large proportions.

It took a number of men, not professional men alone, but those who otherwise might have stayed at home, out into the wilds of nature, and was, perhaps, somewhat instrumental in forming the Californian's love for the scenery of the grand state, a state in which almost all that is impressive and grand in Western scenery is focused.

Among the more notable holdings of "High Jinks"we may mention that which took place at the Big Trees; when the silence that had brooded for so many centuries over the place was broken by such sounds of revelry and mirth, such floods of music and song, that must have surprised, beyond all precedent, the spirits of the old chiefs, that are said by their descendants to yet watch over the place.

On that occasion the ceremonies amounted to a spectacle.

A sort of masque was presented fey the light of torches and a huge bonfire that lit up the surrounding trees with a red glare, that is their bases, for the dense foliage and great height of the upper parts of the noble trees kept them in black shadow, and, as the theme of the masque was taken from one of the Indian legends of the grove, the effect was novel and striking.

Of course, at the time our story occurs, the affair had not arrived at such magnitude.

The festivals had been confined to a banquet during the day, and the lighting of a huge bonfire in the evening, around which songs, music and dancing, as around a May pole, were indulged in, together with such oddities or absurdities as the taste or fun of the participants might suggest. So, in reality, it was something resembling the mummeries of the Saxons at Yule Tide, only it was held beneath the forest branches, instead of beneath the columns and groins of architecture, which, after all, but imitates the forest groves.

The celebration was a pronounced success, however, even on that occasion. Up to that date the artists and their friends had never so brilliantly carried one out.

Then, for the first time, the simple jollities we have mentioned, were added to by a brief masque, the forerunner of the others more notable.

The whole thing was no less a surprise than a delight to those who had come to witness it.

It commenced with the afternoon banquet, though previous to that the camp presented a'scene of festivity as picturesque as it was merry.

The place was admirably adapted for an out-door fete;

save for the great overhanging cliffs, and the mountains above it might have been thought a park. The tall trees and grassy sward;

the blocks of mossy rocks, like seats, here and there; the devious windings of the stream that came from the hills; the falls; the bay, which seemed like a small lake; the picturesque island, and the gaily bedecked boat, down by the shore, gave the whole scene a park-like appearance.

The subject of the masque was this.

There is at Tahoe a legend, somewhat resembling one that was used by Longfellow in his "Hiawatha"—that is, in the character of the spell, but otherwise it is very different.

It is called, THE TREE AND THE STAR OF LOVE, and thus it begins and ends Almost countless moons ago, O-nawan-a, or Gray Eagle Feather, who was chief over all the Indian tribes from the shores of Tahoe many miles to south and west, had three fair daughters, "Tall and lithe as wands of willow,"

FIAMETTA.

and two were haughty and cruel, and none had sought to wed them; but one, Yen-a-ma-ni, Light of Morning, was good and loving, and many were the braves who longed and hoped to have her share his wigwam.

But the maid was coy, though loving, and none, as yet, had won her for his mate.

One day, however, there came to her father's wigwam a stranger warrior.

He was tall and graceful, and like a hawk's shone his piercing eye.

His raven locks were braided, and on his head was a bunch of feathers from the cliff-eagle's wing.

In his hand he carried his trusty bow, and at his shoulders rattled his flinttipped arrows.

And when he saw Yen-a- ma-ni he determined to make her his.

He looked boldly on her, for his heart was fearless, and he cared not for the dark frowns upon the brows of the rival lovers.

And she, the sweet Light of Morning, loved at once the stranger, and then she learned why she had been coy with all her.lovers;

for now, when her future lord had come before her, she knew that she could arise, and, without loss ofmaiden modesty, take him by the hand, and follow him through all the world; through the woods, across the plains, or over the towering hills of snow.

And soon after they were wedded, and one would have thought they must have been happy.

For was not the young wife loving, and was not the stranger warrior the son of a powerful chief, and was not Morning Light to be proud in the homage of his people, in the land far towards the mighty river in the north?

Now, this was in the long ago, when there lived on the rocky side of Tallac

Peak a great magician.

Never had he been known to reveal ought of good to any tribe of red men.

But always it was his delight to tell such things, as surely in the end, brought woe upon them.

He it was who stirred up war between the tribes, and often brought famine and pestilence upon them.

Now, it chanced one day that the elder sister, walking in the wood, had met this evil thing, and of him she had learned a dreadful secret, how to weave a subtle spell.

In the early morning or evening it must be said, and to whomsoever it should be repeated over, that was young, to them would come this change—in a single day their hair would grow white, their eyes be bleared, and they should become wrinkled, and bent and ugly, like those that are very aged.

This was the source that brought trouble to the wedded ones.

The elder sister, who was called Na-ye-e-sa, the Sighing Reed, told the secret to Ra-neowa, Water that is Still, and together they planned a cruel deed.

On the morning after the marriage feast, when the young pair were about to depart, Na-ye-e-sa whispered over the warrior, the words of magic, for her heart was full of hate for her younger sister, who had married the warrior so bold and handsome, whilst she and Ra-ne-o-wa were left alone in their father's tent.

Now on the first day going towards their distant home, the happy pair follow ed a trail that lay high over the rocky hills.

Yet the gentle Yen-a-ma-ni marveled much that her lord, so young and strong, should grow so weary then.

No longer like the agile deer did he climb the toilsome rocks, but weary and more weary grew his step.

His once bright eye grew dim, and more bent and bent, as the day advanced, his stalwart form.

At last when the evening shadows fell on peak and grove, and their camp fire was lit beneath the sombre pines, no longer was her lover tall and handsome, but like a stricken pine, bent and gray, that no more can feel the sunlight, nor answer in soft tones tl»e whispering breeze of night, or cry aloud defiance to the storm.

And then she who was called the Morning Light wept apart in secret.

Surely some cruel spell had come upon him, and she raised her voice in supplication to the Great Sun

Spirit, who alone, she knew, had power beyond the evil ones.

And this she had noticed all day long, that their way had been followed by two huge ravens, and those she knew were messengers of the wizard.

And they, when the spell had worked its ill, had

FIAMETTA.

left at the twilight, returning over the mountain tops, so that on the morrow morn thtv could croak into the ear of Na-ye-e-sa the success of the plot, for their language, too, she had learned from the great Magician.

But always the power of love is stronger than the power of hate, and so when the new moon that had looked upon the bridal feast, had become full and round, then came an answer to the young wife's prayer.

But first the wicked spell worked on.

On the sixth day, as slowly they moved on, the trail led down into a narrow valley, and again the ravens soared above them.

"Hapless lovers that we are,"cried Yen-a-ma-ni,"some other woe is coming to us."But still she spoke sweet words of comfort into the ear of her feeble husband, and bid him be of hope.

And patiently she moved beside him, for in her heart burned the true fire of love.

At the end of the narrow valley there stood a mighty tree.

So vast was its size that its branches, spreading outward over the surrounding earth, made night beneath their leaves, when all around was day.

From side to side the narrow valley was filled with a mass of greenness.

And a beautiful sight it was, when the sun hung low, and shot among the upper sprays its golden light.

And beautiful, too, the melodious sounds that often filled the valley, sometimes low and soft, and sometimes high, but always sweet, that came floating out from beneath the trees'deep shade, when all else around was still.

And under this glorious tree they made the evening camp fire of their sixth day's journey.

But, the legend goes on to tell, there was something more wonderful yet about the tree than even its mighty size, or even those mystic sounds.

When the mountains around were young, so old it was, the tree had sprung from the ground through a promise of the great Sun Spirit.

And it was sacred to his daughter Woti, whom we call the moon.

And over it the spirit of light had watched with jealous care, and even into it had breathed something of his infinite nature, and thus it had grown so ample anu strong, and ever its leaves whispered in praise of its author, making the sweet soumK by night and by day.

In the early time, when the red men were nearer to those who rule the water, air and fire, Woti visited the earth.

And in the narrow valley there lived a tribe whom unto her had seemed the most noble of all the tribes that dwelt in the wild mountain laud.

And they, though not knowing the Sun Spirit's daughter, had welcomed her among them, and for many days she had remained in the place, joining in their songs and festivities, but tasting not their earthly food, so that they began to marvel among themselves, and at last knew her, for the pale mistress of the night-sky.

Then departing from them, the Sun Spirit had promised through her, this woundrous tree.

Now its magic was this.

Whenever the mid-summer moon, at full, should pass over the tree at midnight, then should its shade have power to destroy all charms and spells.

In that hour the work of most powerful wizards should melt away.

And still the tree and its virtue lived on, though the tribe to whom it was given had lived their allotted time and passed away.

So when Yen-a-ma-ni arose with the morning light, behold!

her husband was young and handsome and tall as before;

for they had slept through the magic hour in the tree's dark shade, and lo, it had wrought the change!

Sweet were their thoughts as they journeyed on.

Never had a day seemed to dawn so bright, or so beautiful to be the wayside flowers.

But one thing still was trouble to the lovers'hearts.

'The dismal ravens, who, as before, had left them at the hour of twilight, again returned, and slowly they flapped their sable wings in the air above them.

And when Yen-a-ma-ni saw them coming, at first a mere black speck upon the pale, blue sky, growing until the huge forms of the hateful birds were direct above them;

then, indeed, did her light-

3°4 FIAMETTA.

some spirit grow heavy again, and the brightness went away from the day and the flowers.

Now the charm which Na-ye-e-sa had whispered over the handsome warrior was of a double power.

The great magician had told her how there was hate within hate within it.

For no sooner must it depart from him over whom it was said, than it had power over her that won his heart; and so, as the day passed on, sweet

Light of Morning began to feel its heavy weight.

When evening shadows fell, she it was that was wrinkled, and bent and ugly, like one that is very aged.

Six more days they journeyed wearily onward, and this time it was the faithful husband that spoke sweet words of cheer.

For in his heart, also, burned the true fire of love.

Among the tall rock mountains, that stand between blue Tahoe and the great river in the north, is the way of Sa, the demon of fire.

In his rage he made it, breaking the strong mountains apart, and sinking the rocks in the earth.

And in the way there grows neither tree nor flower, nor through it does any water flow, but in it the rocks are black and scorched, from the fire demon's touch.

When the bold warrior had come through it, two moons before, the sun had shone brightly, but now it was dark, almost as night;

for thick folds of cloud hung over the top, and hardly could the dim eyes of Yen-a-ma-ni see the trail or her weary feet tread the rough way.

Now at about the middle of this dreadful gorge, there was a place where the rocks were so steep and high, and the way so narrow, that it seemed that one could scarce pass through, and so black it was when the lovers reached it, and so did the wind sweep through, with a sound like demon voices, that even the warrior, though so bold and brave, was almost afraid to enter, and to Yen-a-ma-ni it appeared as the gateway Renowain, that leads to the land of spirits.

But lo! When they would have held back, then appeared a star, and so radiant it shone, that all the dark place was illumined, and no more they feared to enter.

And even as they moved along les drear became the way.

There was grass and flowers, and bushes with wondrously beautiful blossoms concealed the dark rocks.

And ever lighter and lighter fell the steps of Light of the Morning, and less wrinkled became her face, and less dim her eyes, and erect she walked, and, when evening shadows fell, no longer was she wrinkled and bent and ugly, but young and bright and lovely as before.

And when this had happened the ravens, with dismal croaks, had gone, and no more were they seen by the faithful pair, the warrior from the great river in the north and his happy bride.

It was out of this fantastic material that

Wetherill had arranged the masque.

Dubbs, "the fat,"had wheedled the legend from one of the Indian women, and while Laurence was convalescent, his friend had been doing the work.

Sisters of two of the artists impersonated the jealous Sighing Reed, and Water that is Still, and Yen-a-ma-ni, seemed come again when Miss Brownlee was arrayed in Indian garb, for Wetherill had induced her to take the part.

Dubbs, himself, was the sorcerer, whilst "Rembranc Tom"did honor to his part of the hunter bold and handsome.

Of course the artists had taken advantage of the natural scenery of the place.

The way of Sa, was furnished by the tall cliffs; and the great pines around did well for the shadowing foliage of the tree of love.

But to the somewhat abrupt ending of the legend, Wetherill had added two final scenes, the lovers greeted on reaching their home, and the end of the cruel and jealous sisters, which was something dreadful, no doubt.

At last the festival of "High Jinks"was over.

The embers of the great bonfire kept ruddy through the night, and the ladies returned to their homes on the island of Mad Dick, "the hermit."

VII.

BLACK TIDINGS.

We must be brief in our narration of the few incidents which make up this chapter;

for already we have extended

FIAMETTA, this part of our sketch beyond its proposed limits.

Without undue dwelling upon the rapid but sure subjection of Laurence to his love for Fiametta, or how she became enthroned within his heart of hearts, never to leave it more whilst it throbbed with life, in joy or pain, we must pass on to its consequences, and tell, too, how Fiametta herself became aware at last of the newly awakened sentiment, a love, a passion, to which her previous content and calm, were but as the pale light that gleams in the arctic sky, compared with the white, fierce sunlight under which grows and blooms the rich, luxuriant foliage of the tropic zone.

But first, however, there came a blow, cruel and sudden, which changed entirely the course of the young girl's life.

After the successful ending of the "High Jinks"festival there was a general departure of the visitors to the camp at Emerald Bay.

Fiametta and George returned to the hotel, as did also Miss Brownlee and Mr.

and Mrs.

Vincent.

Wetherill and Laurence remained at the camp as, of course, now that the latter was so far recovered from his hurt, they were expected to do.

They had joined their company to the artists for the sketching season, and that would not end for another month.

But it was singular to note the sudden despondency that came upon Wetherill.

It seemed that that person had entirely lost his taste for botanizing, except when the quest for plants took him in the direction of Yank's Hotel.

And then probably his closest study was given to a pair of bright, brown eyes, and he was at greater pains to analyze the meaning of the lightest word or action of a certain piquant, young lady there, than ever he was the rarest plant to be found in all the Sierras.

The old adage had come true again, "Idle hours are Cupid's friends."Before the party had separated, however, there was a day passed in going up to a logging camp, back in the thick woods.

This was one of the incidents with which we have to deal.

On the morning of that day, when the little steamer Comet had put into the bay to pick up chance passengers, there was •8* a letter from Doctor Mason to his daughter.

Fiametta.was overjoyed at receiving it, and, breaking the seal, found it was written on the very evening of the day when her kind parent had reached his destination.

The letter reiterated the agreements made by the doctor at starting, that in ten days after arriving in Washington he would start on the return trip.

So even now he was, perhaps, on the way.

This would make it about a week before it was time for La Salle and herself to start for Truckee.

Shortly after the boat departed, the knot of friends crossed over to the main shore; that is, with the exception of the Vincents, who preferred to remain for the day on the island.

Laurence, without consulting the others, had started off at once in company with one of the artists, "Lankey Joe,"taking the trail toward Rubicon Point, to the north.

The loggers camp was at a considerable distance. From the mouth of Emerald

Bay, five or six miles.

Fiametta, who had noticed the huge rafts of logs, then to be seen every day on the lake, had expressed a desire to see the process of felling the trees.

So the idea had suddenly occurred to La

Salle to pass the day in going to one of the camps, the nearest one being that one near the stream, entering the lake on the west and called Mick's Creek.

Wetherill, sly dog that he was, also found that the process of felling trees was one in which he took great interest, and begging the company of Miss Mercy, they all four started out together.

It was arranged that sailor Jack, with one of the 'smaller boats, should follow them along the shore, so that they might return by the water, if they wished.

Fiametta was not so gay as usual.

Since her first pleasure at receiveing her father's letter, she had grown listless and quiet.

Her step was slow and her face thoughtful, and even while George talked on in a bright and sparkling vein, her eyes were wistful, and at times she hardly seemed conscious of his presence, or that of her friend.

Miss Brownlee, on the contrary, wbs

FIAMETTA.

all life and spirits.

One would hardly have wished to see a prettier girl.

Her beauty quite turned her lover's head.

The amount of vitality that he used up in all sorts of unnecessary sallies, was amazing.

Every whim of the girl must be satisfied.

It was a wonder he had not broken his neck, in getting a bunch of harebells, rare at that season, which grew on the side of a cliff.

Presently there was a meeting with Laurence, and its singularity was afterwards recalled many a time by one of the party.

It happened as follows:

There is, about three miles along the trail, just before it begins to dip towards Rubicon Point, a grove of trembling aspens.

Over the rounded tops of the trees one catches a view of the broad expanse of blue lake waters, and the jutting wave-worn rocks.

Coming out from amid the still, shadowy gloom of the pine wood, the sight is a pleasant surprise, especially when the leaves of the trees are beginning to take on that mellow-toned amber which precedes their fall.

But there is always something cheerful about an aspen grove, with the light pattering noise of the leaves, ever in motion.

Wetherill and his sweetheart were walking slightly in advance, by far the merrier couple, for by degrees the pensive mood of Fiametta had communicated itself to her lover.

Just on the edge of the grove, the attention of La Salle was caught by a boat.

It was moving across the lake, with sails all set, to catch the faint breaths of wind.

He called out to Wetherill to take note, but the attention of the latter was engrossed by another sight.

That sight was Laurence.

He was acting strangely.

Without doubt he was suffering some great distress.

With a rapid and nervous stride, he was passing to and fro, across the slender trail, where it cut through a corner of the grove.

At times he would throw out his hand with a despairing gesture, like one that wrestles with some mental anguish.

In another moment he was seen by Fiametta.

The swift changes that came over her face, what could they mean?

It was painful, the look that came into her eyes—at 'first surprise, intense surprise, and then one frightened, awful.

The color fled from her lips and cheeks, and then suffused cheek and brow.

Wetherill, who had turned towards the girl, was startled by the change.

Did she know then?

Had the knowledge of their position come so suddenly upon her.

And was Laurence, too, awakened?

Surely they had learned the truth.

Sometimes a moment will do the work of years.

Yes, even more, under some circumstances what a lifetime would otherwise fail to accomplish.

In an instant the thunder-bolt rends the stubborn rock that has resisted the beating storms of a hundred centuries.

In an instant the waters from the cloud-burst sweeps its way through the barrier that has resisted the stream a thousand years.

Like a swift stroke from a sword-blade, mind will telegraph to mind, in some unguarded moment, that while otherwise had been hidden forever.

So had a moment done for them—Fiametta and Laurence.

The smoking flax had burst into flame; beocme unquenchable.

The girl, herself, might have gone on unrealizing through all her life, perhaps, had not the climax of that strange moment come—Laurence struggling alone with his secret passion, and that passion told in an instant, to her who should have known it not.

The group went forward.

They had stopped a moment, La Salle and

Mercy looking at the gracefully sailing boat, the other, engrossed by what we have told.

Then George, who also caught sight of Laurence, sent him a loud halloo which had a double effect, that of bringing Laurence back into the world around him, and of bringing an answering halloo from the artist, who was busy with his sketch,'just over on the other side of the grove.

There was likely to have been an awkward denouement.

The agitation of Laurence, the tell-tale face of Fiametta, must have resulted in a scene of some kind.

Happily, however, it was averted.

"Lankeyjoe"appeared with his sketch.

PERSECUTION.

He had thought the halloo had come from

Laurence, and, as he was just fastening up his paint box, had reached the spot before any of the others.

His presence with the newly made sketch broke the forming eddy, and all appeared calm.

George pressed Laurence to accompany them, and "Lankey Joe,"too;

so soon after the augmented party was moving on toward the logger's camp.

Wetherill was thoughtful, pondering on what he had seen.

Another circumstance we may note, if such is necessary, was the action of Laurence on the following day, that following the party to the logger's camp.

Why should he, who had received such kindness of La Salle and his affianced bride, and who had derived so much pleasure afterwards from their society, seek an excuse for not accompanying them when the time came for the party to leave the island?

But La Salle, blind that he was, unthinking in his fancied security, in the bright light of his happiness, would not listen to an excuse, but Laurence must go.

Had he been less blind, he might have seen that neither Fiametta nor

Wetherill pressed Laurence as closely as they would have done a few days before.

Truly Fiametta had stood apart, speaking hardly a word, and there was little warmth in the solicitations of Wetherill, indeed.

Finally he went, however, and, as the boat glided slowly across the lake, overhung by autumn mist, there were two, whose hearts were dull with an aching pain.

A vague sense of guilt or sorrow, they knew not which.

Both Wetherill and Laurence returned from Yank's to the artists'camp the same day.

Six days later the Comet had among her return trip passengers five persons from Yank's Hotel, George, Fiametta, the Vincents and Mercy Brownlee.

The day was cold and stormy, the lake gray like a sheet of lead.

Through the drizzling wet, rain and great snowflakes mixed, the shores appeared dreary and sad.

On the pier, there was a knot of friends from the artists'camp.

Laurence had come, he could not be so rude as to be absent, and Wetherill, we may depend upon it, was there.

There was invitations and counter invitations.

Wetherill, of course, must call upon the Vincents in San Francisco, and Laurence, too.

Indeed, they were to be great friends all around in the future.

What happy days they had passed at Lake Tahoe!

On the morrow morning the stage coach rattled away with them from Tahoe City, along by the river, through the picturesque Truckee Canon, and at noon pulled up at the station on the Pacific

Railroad.

What were those rumors about a terrible smash-up somewhere on the eastern lines?

Was there any cause for anxiety?

O, Fiametta!

A cruel blow had fallen that made you an orphan indeed PERSECUTION.

According to Webster, to persecute is "to injure, vex, etc., from hatred or malignity—especially to afflict, harass or punish for adherence to a particular creed, or system of religious principles, or to a mode of worship."Whenever an act is prompted by hatred, it may be termed persecution.

No matter what form it may take, in word or act, by legal process or private injury, the fact that malice is the prompter renders it persecution.

A few may persecute the many, or, vice versa, a malicious person may vex and annoy a whole community, or the multitude may in like manner oppress and afflict the individual.

The principal causes of persecution are fear and jealousy, or, we might say, only fear; for jealousy is the offspring of that feeling.

In the heart of those who cherish this feeling, hatred is engendered;

and, blinded by evil passion, they are led to do all kinds of actions which would injure the object of their jealousy.

In a religious persecution, we find that it is the leaders in religion who are the chief persecutors.

The work always proclaims the workman and so we find, that whenever there is persecution, it is directly inspired by Satan who was a persecutor "before the foundations of the earth were laid."It

3o8 PERSECUTION.

is the invariable method which he employs to fight the plans of the Almighty.

The works of God are characterized by an entirely different spirit.

This is well illustrated by the council in Heaven.

We find then that Lucifer made a proposition to take from man his agency and to save the world in its sins, but the plan was rejected as being opposed to God's will, he wishing to preserve the agency to man.

Lucifer, stung to anger by the rejection of his proposition and without doubt jealous of Christ whose offer was accepted, raised a rebellion and drew after him one-third of the hosts of Heaven.

Instead of glorying over their victory and the fall of their enemy, "the Heavens wept over him."(Doc. and Cov. page 257)- We find another illustration of the workings of the two powers in the case of Saul and David.

When David had been annointed the spirit of the Lord came upon him from that day forward, (1 Sam.

xvi, 13) and we are further told in the same chapter that the spirit of the Lord departed from Saul.

After the episode between David, and Goliath, Saul became jealous because of the song of the women, and he said:

"What more can he have than the kingdom."From this time we find that Saul pursued

David with relentless fury, driving him from his home, compelling him to dwell in the caves and among rocks.

David on the other hand, was so forbearing that when Saul lay asleep, at his mercy, he contented himself with cutting off a piece of the king's robe.

(1 Sam. xxiv, 16.) On another occasion he took the spear and the cruse of water from Saul's head.

And when finally Saul fell at Mount Gilboa, all the wrongs that he had caused

David to suffer were forgotten, and only the thoughts of Saul's good deeds were remembered, teaching the same lessons of forbearance that is one of the essential parts of the Christain religion.

"Forgive them, they know not what they do,"was the prayer of Christ after he had been smitten, spat upon, jeered at, crowned with thorns and finally hung on a cross.

Paul says: "You and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution."

No sooner had Cain become an emissary of Satan, than the spirit of persecution became manifest.

Jealous that his brother's offering should be preferred to his own, he slew Abel.

So it was in the case of the persecution of the Israelites by the Egyptians, the king was jealous of their growing power.

Laman and Lemuel persecuted Nephi because God favored Nephi on account of his righteousness.

The lives of the early Christians were a standing reproach to the Romans, and accordingly they were persecuted.

Perhaps in no other particular is the smartness of Lucifer more apparent than in the covering which he always gives persecution.

No doubt his arguments were well calculated to deceive, when by his sophistry he was enabled to draw after him so many of his fellows, and possibly he was able to work on their feelings in such a way as to make them believe that submission to just authority was slavery.

At least, in all his subsequent career, we find this argument is given a prominent place.

But the principal charge he has to make is that of treason.

"Come on, let us deal wisely with them, lest they multiply and it come to pass that when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies and nght against us."(Exodus 1, 10).

So said Pharaoh, and this was his excuse for persecuting the Israelites.

"As long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established, nor thy kingdom,"(iSam.

xx, 31) said Saul to Jonathan, and for this reason David was hunted like a wild beast.

"If you let this man go, you are not Caesar's friend,"was the final charge of the Jews against Christ.

For refusing to obey the law of Nebuchadnezzar, the three Hebrews were cast into the fiery furnace;

for disobeying the edict of Darius, Daniel was cast into the den of lions.

Paul was accused of teaching customs "which are not lawful for us to receive neither to observe, being Romans,"(Acts xvi, 21) and the charge preferred against him to Festus was that he was a "mover of seditions among the Jews."(Acts xxiv, 5.) Ten persecutions are recorded by ecclesiastical writers, as being visited on the primitive Christians, not that there was a time in which persecu-

RESUL TS OF PERSECUTION.

tion was stopped, for several centuries, but these marked ten periods of unusual violence.

Most of these martyrs were charged with treason and put to death for that crime, and when finally we learn that persecution had ceased, we find also that the priesthood was withdrawn.

Christianity is only Paganism with a new name, and the signs promised to believers are known no more.

After a review of the history of persecution we are not surprised to find that the main instigators of it, in our day, are the the so-called professors of religion who, full ofjealousy because of the great strength of truth, animated by the evil one, seek in the same old way to destroy the kingdom of God.

Nor are we astonished to hear the cry of treason raised against the true followers of Him who suffered death on the cross for the redemption of the human race, who was slain through the charge of treason, and to show his crime had this writing put over his cross, Jesus of Nazareth, king ot the Jews.

Ward Stevenson.

ExDerience instructs fools.

RESULTS OF PERSECUTION.

BY PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG.

The world say we are ignorant; we acknowledge it, but we are not as ignorant as they are, although they have had opportunities of education perhaps that many of our brethren have not had.

We study from the great book of nature. We are driven to this of necessity.

Where is there another people who have done what this people have done in these mountains, by way of making improvements in their own midst—upon the soil and in their cities and towns.

They are not to be found on the face of the earth.

If this is not intelligence—if this is not good, hard, sound sense, I wish somebody would come and teach us a little.

If we are taken from the poor, ignorant, low and degraded, and make ourselves wise and happy, it is a credit to us.

There are causes for this which some may not have thought about.

I often think of them.

You take, for instance, a father, who has, say four, ten or twelve sons.

He may have abundance to dispose of to each and every one; but he dislikes some particular one, and perhaps feeds and clothes eleven, but the twelfth, whom he hates and despises, he turns out of doors to provide for himself.

This one son goes forth weeping, and says, "I am forsaken of my father and his house; now

I have to look after myself.

I have the earth before me;

I have to live;

I do not want to kill myself, and as I have life before me I certainly must make my own future.

I will go to work and accumulate a little of something, so that I can purchase me a piece of land.

When it is purchased I will put improvements upon it.

I will build me a house;

I will fence my farm;

I will set off my orchard and plant out my garden; and I will gather around me my horses, my cattle, my wagons and carriages, and I will get me a family."Pretty soon here is a boy who knows how to live as well as his father does.

How is it with the rest of the family?

They are fed and clothed by their father; they know not where it comes from nor how it is obtained, and they scarcely know their right hand from their left with regard to the things of the world.

This illustrates the history of this people.

We have been under the necessity of learning every art—to cultivate the soil and how to provide for our own wants under the most adverse circumstances.

We have been compelled to do this or go without, for none would do it for us. We have been forced to study mechanism, all kinds of machinery, how to build, and how to provide and take care of ourselves in every respect.

I thank the parent and the boys for turning us out of doors.

Why?

Because it has thrown us on our own resources, and taught us to provide for ourselves.

We have a future before us,and God will take care of us.

In my meditations I say, "Shall I complain of father?

No.

I will

3io RESUL TS OF PERSECUTJON.

not complain at all, he has done the best he could for me, though he knew it not.

If he had made my house, opened my farm, planted my orchard, seen to my planting and plowing as well as the gathering; and then had brought my food to my chamber and appointed a servant to feed me, what should I have known about getting my living?

How could I have known anything about raising fruit or anything else?

I could not have known.

I might read books until Doomsday, and unless I apply the knowledge thus obtained I should know but little."Without the application of knowledge acquired by reading, it makes mere machines of us; we can tell what others have done, but we know nothing ourselves.

Then speak evil of no man, and acknowledge that it has been a blessing to us to be cast aside and compelled to take care of ourselves.

When we left our homes in the East and started for the Rocky Mountains, the feeling in regard to us was, "There is starvation before you Mormons;

but if you do not«die of starvation the Indians will kill you."We knew that they would do no such thing; we knew that we could live when we got here, and we also knew that we could travel twelve or fourteen hundred miles with our cows, calves, colts, lame cattle, our seed grain and provisions and farming utensils, on wagons, carts and handcarts, without an ounce of iron on some of them.

It was said that we could raise nothing when we got here;

but I said, "We will wait and see; we know that God has led us out here, and we will wait and see what he will do for us."You can see what he has done, and thank his name and be humble.

Shall we speak evil of others?

No.

Why?

Because the result of their treatment towards us has made us better and greater than we could have been otherwise.

It has brought us closer together than we could possibly have come without a great deal more revelation than we have had.

Our enemies have pushed us together;

and it is excellent to be surrounded by circumstances that will bring us close together.

We learn then whether we have fellowship one for another.

Let us thank God, and speak evil of none; and instead of finding fault with father, let us thank him for turning us out of doors, for we have learned a great many useful lessons in life that we could not have learned without.

We can read just as much as the inhabitants of the earth, and after reading we can practice a thousand times more than many of them.

Infidelity.—I wish to say a few words in relation to infidelity.

We are very well aware that the inhabitants of the earth are drifting, as fast as time can roll, to infidelity.

I do not profess to know a great deal; but some things I do know.

Shall I take the liberty of telling you the story of the boy who went to the mill? He was looking at the miller's hogs, which were very fat, clean and fine.

The miller came out, and, seeing the boy attentively observing the pigs, said to him, "What are you thinking about?"Said the boy, "I was thinking that millers have fat hogs.""Were you thinking of anything else?"said the miller.

"Yes.""What was it?""I do not know whose grain they are fed on,"said the boy.

I take the liberty of telling this story for illustration.

Some things I do know, and some I do not know;

if I do not know whose grain the pigs eat, I do know that there are some fat hogs.

What shall I say with regard to infidelity?

I do not know a great deal, but

I say that a man has not good common sense who denies his Maker; such a man is not endowed with reasoning powers.

I hold this book in my hand, and I say that for its production from the crude element it required a type founder, paper maker, printer and a book binder, and by their united exertions the book was made.

But the infidel bases his argument on the principle that the book is here without a producer—that no type founder, paper maker, printer, nor bookbinder was necessary.

Is not a man who argues on this principle a fool?

If he is not he comes pretty near it.

There are a great many who say that there is no embodiment of the Deity.

Our Christian brethren almost deny the existence of a God; but it is in word only;

they do not feel it in their hearts, they do

RESUL TS OF PERSECUTION.

3ii not mean any such thing.

They are like the people of whom Paul speaks, who had temples reared to the unknown God.

The Christians do not know anything about God, neither does the infidel.

The Christian world say, "We believe in a God who has no body."You do not believe in anything of the sort, Christian world!

You think you believe it, but it is only tradition with you.

Your fathers told you God has no body;

the priests told them; the schoolmasters have joined in the endorsement of the same ridiculous idea;

it is also written in your church creeds;

but, when you let common sense have place in your hearts, you do not believe in any such nonentity or nondescript as a God without body, parts or passions.

But foolish and absurd as is such an idea, it is not so ridiculous as that of the infidel.

The Christian world, while virtually declaring that God is nothing, also declare that the world was created by him; but the infidel says the world has no creator, it is the result of chance. Now

I defy any infidel, or any other person on the face of the earth, to prove that anything can be made or exist without a maker.

The world and all its various grades of organized denizens, from the lowest forms of vegetable or animal life, up to man, the lord of creation, were framed and made, or they would not have been here.

I just want to say with regard to infidelity, it means nothing more nor less than to disbelieve anything we have a mind to.

If we disbelieve in the existence of the Eternal, as an embodiment or personage, we are infidel on that point.

If we disbelieve in the efficacy of the blood of the Savior and his atonement, we are infidels on that subject.

I wish to say, however, to the Christian world, that the moment the atonement of the Savior is done away, that moment, at one sweep, the hopes of salvation entertained by the

Christian world are destroyed, the foundation of their faith is taken away, and there is nothing left for them to stand upon.

What proof have you, Infidels, that Jesus is not the Christ?

What proof have you of the negative of the existence of God the Father, or of Jesus?s the Mediator, or of the Holy Ghost as God's minister, or of the gifts and graces that God has bestowed upon His people?

None at all, not the least thing in the world.

Is there anybody living on the earth that has the proof of the affirmative?

Yes; we have.

We have proof that God lives and that He has a body; that he has eyes, and ears to hear; that he has arms, hands and feet; that he can walk and does walk. How is it, Infidel, have you any proof that Jesus did not die for the sins of the world?

No; not the least, any more than you have proof that there was no need to go to the mountains to cut the timber used in building this house, or to quarry the rock of which the pillars of this house are composed.

How is it, Mr.

Infidel, have you any proof of the non-existence of Him who rules and reigns in heaven, and who controls the destinies of the earth?

No; not the least.

But you say, ''I do not believe it."That is your affair only, nobody cares about that.

Infidelity extends to other subjects besides the existence of God and the atonement of the Savior.

Some are infidel on one point and some on another.

I want to say that so far as a God without a body, parts and passions is concerned, I am a complete infidel.

The God whom I serve has eyes, ears, nose and mouth.

He has hands to handle; His footsteps are seen in the midst of His people, and His goings forth among the nations; and he who has the Spirit of the Almighty can see the providences of God and behold His ways.

I ask the infidel if he has any proof that I do not enjoy that Spirit?

I have proof that I do. What is that proof?

The peace, light and intelligence that I enjoy, which I have not obtained from the infidel, from reading books, from going to school, nor from studying the wisdom of any man that ever lived on the face of the earth.

"Where did you obtain it?"says the infidel.

From heaven, from the fountain of light and intelligence.

Yet the infidel will say there is no God, that we are creatures of to-day, that we had no existence before this, and that when this is over there is nothing after. And follow-

3 12 A PRAYER—THE TITLE OF LIBERTY.

ing down the chain of his reasoning, he will say there was a time when there was no earth, no stars, no worlds, no anything.

Well, I know there never was such a time.

That is faith against faith, declaration against declaration.

What a pitiful condition it would be for all space to contain nothing To suppose that element, worlds, men, the grass of the fields, or the trees of the forest, were created is all folly.

They are from eternity.

It is equally vain to imagine space empty!

There is no space without a kingdom, neither is there any kingdom without space, and they are from everlasting to everlasting.

"How do you know it?"asks the unbeliever.

By the revelations of God, by the revelations of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Well, then, I guess we will sing and pray and serve our God and keep His commandments;

and I rather think that Zion will prosper.

Stay with the Ship.—Whosoever serves mammon cannot serve God.

We must let these things go out of our affections, then lay hold of the principles of eternal life and sustain the Kingdom of

God on the earth, or else we shall go by the board.

If we jump over, we shall certainly sink, and if we stay aboard Zion's ship, we can do no more than sink, and it will be just as well if Zion's ship sink to be aboard as to jump overboard.

We had better stay aboard, she may go into harbor; and I can promise you in the name of Israel's God that she will go there safe and carry every one of her passengers.

A PRAYER.

I ask not wealth, but power to take

And use the things I have aright;

Not years, but wisdom that shall make

My life a profit and delight.

I ask not that for me the plan

Of good and ill be set aside, But that the common lot of man

Be nobly borne and glorified.

I know I may not always keep My steps in places green and sweet,

Nor find the pathway of the deep

A path of safety for my feet.

But pray that, when the tempest's breath,

Shall fiercely sweep my way about,

I make no shipwreck of my faith

In the unbottomed sea of doubt.

And that, though it be mine to know How hard the stoniest pillow seems,

Good angels still may come and go

About the places of my dreams.

I do not ask for love below, That friends shall never be estranged,

But for the power of loving, so

My heart may keep its youth unchanged.

Youth, joy, wealth,—Fate, I give thee these;

Leave faith and hope till life is past, And leave my heart's best impulses

Fresh and unfailing to the last.

Phcebe Cary.

THE TITLE OF LIBERTY.

"And now it came to pass that when Moroni, who was the chief commander of the armies of the Nephites, had heard of these dissensions, he was angry with Amalickiah. And it came to pass that he rent, his coat, and he took a piece thereof, and he wrote upon it, 'In memory of our God our religion and our freedom, and our peace, our wives and our children.'

And he fastened it upon the end of a pole thereof.

And he called it 'The Title of Liberty.'"(Book of Mormon, Alma, Chap. 21.) It was a time of grief and fear; and men

Grew stern and fierce and hard of heart. As when

In battle joined the warrior seeks a foe

On whom to vent his rage, and blow for blow

Returns—resolved on victory or death

So now, when strife and discord rent the earth

And stormy passions shook the trembling land,

Rebellion raised his cruel, murderous hand,

And sought to overthrow fair Freedom's throne

And strew the plains with cities overthrown.

THE TITLE OF LIBERTY.

The mother to her heart her infant pressed

With many a sigh and many a fond caress;

And breathed a prayer that heaven would shield the form Of her babe's father, 'mid the battle storm.

For lo!

the proclamation had gone forth

From east to west, from south to chilly north,

By great Moroni sent, the leader brave

Of Nephi's hosts, that all who wished to save

Their country's liberty—great Heaven's boon

Should to their leader's standard rally soon.

And now Moroni took his rended coat

And thereupon these godlike words he wrote:

"In memory of our God,our Religion and our

Freedom, And our Peace, our Wives and our Children."

This, fixed upon a staff on high, he raised, And, cased in armor, knelt him down and prayed;

He mightily besought in earnest prayer

That Freedom's cause might prosper everywhere, So long as in his country there should be

A Christian band, determined to be free;

Who ne'er should be down-trodden by the foe

Unless their own transgressions brought them low.

He rose. The glorious light of Freedom beamed

In his determined eye; and still it seemed That eye, whose glance might shake the bravest foe, Could yet with gentleness and love o'erflow.

He issued grandly forth and waved on high

His banner styled, "The Title of Liberty."

The host assembled there, the words beheld

Upon the banner traced, and then there swelled

From myriad hearts a vast and ringing shout As 'twere the voice of Freedom, speaking out,

Warning her ruthless enemies to flee,

That Zion's lands forever might be free.

Then spoke the warrior-prince: "Let every hand

That will maintain this title in the land

Now draw the sword for justice and for right,

Clothed with the Lord's resistless power and might;

A covenant make, forever to maintain

Our rights and our religion—thus to gain

The blessings of the Lord upon our head

Till we the victors be—our foemen dead."

Moroni ceased, and from that mighty throng

Again there rose a shout so loud and long,

That heaven's eternal arches rang again,

And listening angels echoed back the strain.

Then near his chief each warrior gathered round,

And threw his rended coat upon the ground;

And this the covenant they made that day

While at Moroni's feet their garments lay:

"If from the cause of liberty we swerve,

May we receive the vengeance we deserve;

And, like our rended garments at thy feet,

Prostrate before our foes their fury meet;

And, trodden under foot of Laman's host,

Their scorn become—our ruin be their boast!"

With joy Moroni heard the loyal sound

By thousands uttered, as they gathered round.

With words of burning eloquence he cheers

Each feeble soul, and dissipates his fears;

Points to the blessings past that have been given,

And teaches him to put his trust in heaven.

An now from every part of Nephite land

There gathers up a true and valiant band,

With purpose firm their freedom to maintain

Or pile their bodies on the battle plain.

Meanwhile Rebellion's band—a motley crew

Whom Amalickiah's craft together drew Around his banner, trusting in their might,

With boastful words and loud, prepared for fight.

But when Moroni with his host drew near,

Their craven hearts began to quake with fear,

And to the north they took their secret flight,

Screened by the misty shadows of the night,

In hope that, joined by Laman's dusky band,

They might return and desolate the land.

Vain hope!

Surrounded and cut off, they yield

And sullen, cast their weapons on the field;

All save a few, that to the desert fled,

By Amalickiah—still their leader—led;

There, joined with Laman's tribes,the Nephites'foes, Conspired to overwhelm with future woes

The country they had left—no more their own,

From which self-exiled they are forced to roam.

And now Moroni with his host returned,

Their country's freedom saved, their foemen bound And led as captives to the land again

Which they would rule or give to blood and flame.

The traitors now must take a solemn oath

That they will all, until their latest breath,

Their country's liberty still shield from harm,

From secret foes within or foreign arm;

Or else their worthless lives shall forfeit be

A righteous sacrifice to Liberty.

Thus may each foe to Freedom's holy cause

Be ever vanquished, and her righteous laws

By valiant hearts be evermore sustained;

And Liberty—that gift from heaven obtained Triumphant reign from east to western shore,

From north to south, till Tyranny no more Shall fetter Godlike man, and all shall be

True to our heritage of Liberty.

Santiago.

3'4 EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, June, 1890.

THE CHURCH PROPERTY CASE.

The Supreme Court of the United States lias at last rendered an opinion in the suit of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latter-day Saints against the United States, which was sent to that court on appeal from the decision of the supreme court of Utah, in favor of the United States The Supreme Court of the land affirms the judgment of the lower court, which amounts to a confiscation of the property of the Mormon Church.

The decision was rendered on May 19th, 1890, the case having rested with the court for more than a year.

Our readers will remember that it grew out of the Edmunds anti-polygamy law which dissolved the Church Corporation and escheated the property belonging to the church to the United States to be distributed among the public schools.

The Mormons entered suit to have the law declared unconstitutional, on the grounds that Congress by the dissolution, assumed judicial power, that the act of the legislative assembly of Utah incorporating the Church constituted a contract which could not be impaired by Congress, under the authority to repeal the territorial enactments, and that the doctrine of escheat is alien to the spirit of free institutions On the part of the United States it was contended that Congress had the authority to repeal all territorial enactments;

that the act incorporating the Church was invalid, as an attempt to establish a religion contrary to the provisions of the Constitution; that the charter should be annulled for the abuse of granted rights.

When a church corporation was dissolved, there was no one to whom to turn over the property;

it was property escheated to the United States.

The decision marks another period in the continuation of the long array of wrongs, amounting to persecution, directed against the Latter-day Saints.

This people have become so inured to these things that the news of the decision, which was not unexpected, had but little effect upon them.

As when they took up their march from Illinois, and amid untold oppression set their faces to the unclaimed west, with no friend but God, so have they with each burden of hardship arisen to greater strength.

Their history has taught them to meet every form of disappointment and injustice with a calmness that springs from an implicit trust in the God of right.

The present is no exception, and the nation witnesses a people, who, despoiled of their hard earned accumulations in defiance of justice, still look cheerfully upon life, and wait patiently for the adjustment of every wrong.

While this is the case with the Latter-day Saints, it can not be denied that they realize the danger such a precedent means to the peace of the republic.

While they shed no tears, much less engage in sorrow over their lost property which, as one of the objects, was contributed by them for the relief of the poor, they are yet broad enough to view with profound regret the legalization of a precedent which justifies the destruction of a church as a body corporate, and allows the confiscation of its property.

The thoughtful people in the nation must share in this regret, and look with alarm upon a decision which indicates such a deplorable lack of devotion to constitutional principles, and which, at the same time, points to such dismal results to all in the future, and such a growing degeneracy of patriotism in high places.

The precedent that has been set will prove a vital enemy to other churches than the Mormon.

The bitterest enemies of the Saints, residing in this Territory, are even now crying, as the ghost of their viciously instigated act haunts their consciences, "Behold! we were not the cause of this!"Before the Supreme Court adjourned, on May 23rd, a motion was made for a re-hearing and to vacate, or render void, the mandate, or judicial command, in the case.

The re-hearing was not granted, but the mandate was set aside, the court

EDITORIAL.

3i5 taking the matter under advisement until the next term, which begins on the second

Monday in October.

Kven with the court there seems- to be a reluctance to absolutely confiscate the property, and it is understood that the object of taking the matter under advisement, is to ascertain if there be not some method by which "the money can be returned to some source that will not use the funds for the propagation of polygamy."And so the topic will doubtless rest for the summer, and matters continue as heretofore until further orders.

In any way the subject is viewed, the decision of the Supreme Court as first given in this case, can be better borne by the oppressed Mormons, than by the country of which they as a community form a patriotic part.

It will not prove as disastrous to the Church as to the nation.

THE PRECIOUS TO-DAY.

We have heard of young men preparing themselves, in study, for future usefulness.

It is not unfrequently the case that prayers are offered up to the Lord that we might retain what we learn and thus prepare ourselves for future usefulness;

that we might store our minds with knowledge that will be of use to us in the future This is all very proper, but there is danger whilst looking thus earnestly to the future that the usefulness of to-day is forgotten There is a possibility of looking at the phantom "future"until its counterpart "the past"stares the beholder in the face—the work of what was the future still undone.

It is well to look to the work of to-day, the things of to-day, the life of to-day, and as fast as we learn, apply our knowledge to present use.

That is work with knowledge, work with faith.

We have only one portion of time, and that is now; what shall be our future we know not, but to-day we can alleviate pain, comfort the sorrowing, lift up the weary, and spread a ray of hope, and give a kind word to all about us.

If we do right to-day, we will have no trouble with to-morrow.

It will naturally take care of itself.

What we are to be is not of as much interest to us as what we are.

What we are decides very surely what we will be, providing we do the right thing as the days come over us.

We prepare ourselves for the duties of this day and do them, and future usefulness must follow as a consequence.

Are we right today, have we done our duty to-day, have we been useful to-day?

In the replies to these questions are found the essence and the true philosophy of life to the child, the youth, the man and the woman, the young and the old; and they who answer them aright need not worry over what is to come.

THROWING STONES.

WHILE the agitation against the Russian Siberian atrocities is being humanely carried on in England and America, there are some things nevertheless that arise which put one in mind of of the old story of living in glass houses and throwing stones.

Thus Gladstone, some days ago, gave the Tories a shock when he pictured to the people of Lowestoft the absurdity of English petitions to the Czar in behalf of Siberian exiles while British troops shoot down innocent

Irishmen and a British Parliament takes away Irish liberties.

"It was a telling blow,"says an American paper, "that the Grand Old Man gave, and one that will make an impression not easily wiped out.

Few Englishmen, perhaps, have stopped to think while they were denouncing the Czar as a heartless tyrant that they had an equally cruel tyrant at home.

A Siberian exile may be lashed to death, while an Irish political prisoner is given a lingering death in an unhealthful and sometimes loathsome dungeon.

The former method may be more painful to the victim, but it is briefer, and there are some who might prefer it to the latter.

Our British friends would better look around at home a little before they send petitions to the Czar."The Washington Post recalls an historical incident in this connection, that it asks Americans to consider.

It says:

"At a most critical period in the history of the United States, England and France, each with an ambitious scheme of its own, were cogitating and conspiring for the recognition of the Soutthern Confeder-

l.niTORIAL, acy and the raising of the blockade.

It was important that Russia should assent to the scheme or maintain a neutral attitude, and the French ambassador at St.

Petersburg was deputed to lay the matter before the Czar Alexander, which he did.

What was the Emperor's reply?

'Our empire and people have always been friends of the United States.

That government has always chosen Russia as its arbitrator and friend.

They are now disposing of a grave question by a terrible war.

We have a similar question to meet which we hope to settle without bloodshed.

Their cause is my cause, and when England and France take the proposed step you can say to those who sent you that my forces will be at the service of the United States.

To-night the fleets of Russia will be ordered into the ports of New York and San Francisco, and, in order that there may be no mistake, with sealed orders to that effect, to open in case of such action by your powers.'"This is the country—this the Government—now ruled by the eldest son of Alexander II—with which the people of the United States, instead of seeking to cultivate friendly and grateful relations, are many of them endeavoring to 'pick a quarrel'by officious and impertinent intermeddling with the internal policy of the

Empire.

We can understand why Englishmen should address a public remonstrance to the Czar against the outrages that he is charged with perpetrating or permitting upon the Russian exiles in Siberia; but how Americans, reading the noble and fraternal language of Alexander above quoted, can thus lend hand to the enemies of the Russian Government is past all comprehension.

When Mr.

Gladstone was asked the other day why he didn't denounce these outrages in the

House of Commons, he replied that he would be glad if the government were in a position to expostulate with Russia, but he feared that Russia might retort that a country whose policy ruthlessly shot innocent

Irish citizens engaged in a public meeting was hardly in a position to dictate how another country should treat its convicts.

The United States is in still less of a position to expostulate.

It not only has sins enough of its own against liberty and humanity to answer for, but it owes Russia a debt of courtesy and gratitude that it can not repudiate without bringing a flush to the cheek of every citizen who believes in honest dealing and minding his own business."There is too much to be achieved in the present and in the future to justify continuous dwelling on unimproved opportunities in the past.

It is always in order and in time to turn over a new leaf, to begin again, to make stepping-stones of the sins and errors and mistakes of thepast, remembe-iing them only so much and so long as to learn how to avoid and overcome them in the future.

"O, if I could live my life over again,"says one, "how differently I would act!"But you cannot live it over again.

The only thing you can do is to live to-day as well as you can, to strengthen your lines of actions, and see that they all point upward, away from the wrong, toward the right.

Time spent in mere idle regret is worse than wasted.

On being asked what were the causes of proverty, Edward Atkinson gave this reply, "Ignoronce and incapacity."Chauncey M. Depew is reported to have replied to the same question:

"Lack of self-confidence is often the cause of failure.

Many men seem to have no faith in themselves, consequently no assertiveness, no independence, no pluck and no push.

They seem to be afraid to stand up and speak for themselves, and prefer to lean on others.

Proverty in such cases is inevitable.

"Another cause of proverty very prevalent in this country to-day is that manyyoung men are wanting in decision and fixity of purpose.

If they get into a good place at the start, they should stick to it, knowing that by perseverance, industry and ability they win promotion in due course as vacancies occur.

But they see or hear of some one making a fortune in Wall Street or in ranching or mining, and away they go to try their luck.

When they lose, as they do in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, that is the end of them;

THE IMPROVEMENT OE THE MEMORY.

they can never settle down to ordinary ways of earning a living after that, and their descent is rapid.

"Rum is the greater cause of poverty;

it is the cause of more poverty than all the other causes put together.

When a man drinks to excess he lets go of everything.

He loses his position, and is unable to secure other employment.

A drunkard cannot be trusted with work or responsibility.

He and those dependent upon him, if he has a family, become paupers.

They have to be helped, first by their neighbors, and then by the town.

In my own personal experience I have known about fifty thousand men who have been ruined by rum.

These causes account for the failure of men who are willing to work, but are unable to secure and keep regular employment.

There is a vast amount of proverty caused by men who would rather loaf than work.

When a man finds his mission in the world, he should remain constant to it and not leave one trade or business to engage in another for which he may be unfitted.

Poverty often results from such aimlessness.

But the lazy man is always a poor man."The recent decision of the Supreme Court relative to the right of a state to prohibit the purchase, exposure, and sale of liquor from other states is a deathblow to state prohibition unless Congress shall step in and take charge of the matter.

It is clear that the chief effect of this decision, which has generally been named the "Original Package"decision, will be to make the question of prohibition a national question only.

It is another blow at the rights of states, inasmuch as it declares that a state has no right to exercise authority over certain articles sold within its boundaries.

Father, thy hand Hath reared these venerable columns, thou

Didst weave this verdant roof.

Thou didst look down Upon the naked earth, and, forthwith, rose

All these fair ranks of trees.

They in thy sun, Budded, and shook their green leaves in thy breeze, And shot toward heaven.

—Bryant.

THE IMPROVEMENT OF THE MEMORY.

The question is often asked, How shall

I improve my memory?

Professor John Stuart Blackiehas lately answered it in the following seven suggestions.

He introduces his remarks as follows We live in a world of miracles the world itself is a perpetual miracle life is a miracle; thought is a miracle; and not least of all miracles, I have always thought, is Memory.

Not to mention such potentates of memory as Cardinal Mezzofanti, who knew some thirty languages, or the historian Niebuhr, who could repeat the whole catalogue of Roman consuls in strict sequence backwards, the furniture of any one mill's brain of common intelligence and fair education is something that transcends all calculation.

No doubt in memory, as in other divine growths, a great deal depends on natural endowment; but it is not the less certain that memory, like any other vital force, it it is to do its best, requires to submit itself to a course of training; and happily there is no faculty belonging to a well-equipped human being so capable of improvement by wise training as memory.

I will therefore set down here, for the benefit of young men, some of those rules for the improvement of this faculty which

I have practiced during a long life, and can guarantee from personal experience.

1.

The steam power of the soul is passion; love is not only the fulfilling of the law, as St Paul has it, but the key to knowledge, and the stamp to memory.

You can know nothing well that you do not desire to know; and whatever you learn will not remain with you long unless you love the learning.

Knowledge without love is like a dinner without an appetite;

it will lie a dead weight on the

3»« THE IMPROVEMENT OF THE MEMORY.

stomach, which it ought to stimulate.

Strive therefore, in all you study, to seize the beautiful aspect of the subject, and its human side So long as it has no interest for you, it is not your business.

If you do not wish to march whither you are going, your paces will be painful, and your progress small Next to a strong and impassioned impression at starting, the best surety for permanency in memory is repetition.

By frequent repetitions the dullest children acquire their mother tongue with great ease; and if grown-up persons do not learn foreign languages with equal ease, it is because they follow wrong methods, and methods which do not carry with them that frequency of repetition on which familiarity with the language depends.

Your lazy or overburdened teacher, instead of the living exercise of ear and tongue—the natural organ for the acquisition of language—remits you to a dead book and to dry rules from which the impression is not so vivid, and the reception is not so frequent, as in the natural method of living speech.

Whatever language, therefore, you are learning, commence with naming every object around you with its proper name properly pronounced; and if you cannot get anybody to talk to you, which is always best, talk to yourself; but by all means talk.

If you are learning Greek, for instance, whenever you look at your inkbottle, call out kalamarion;

whenever your eye is caught by a picture say pitiax; or a bust, protome, and so on, always connecting an interesting object in your immediate surrounding with a direct chain of brain, ear and tongue, unencumbered by the hampering intervention of the mother tongue.

3.

The next potent engine for a firm memory is order and classification; and here science comes in to give significance and dignity to the vulgar exercise of memory.

Mind, indeed, everywhere indicates its presence by the creation of order.

Without order no cosmos ever could come out of a chaos; indeed, the word cosmos, as every school boy knows, means simply order and garniture.

Learn, therefore, in all your studies to subsume your facts under great principles; teach the individual to hang by the species, and the species by the genus, and the genus by the family, as by a chain; and specially in learning any new language, let is relation to the mother tongue and to kindred tongues, under the sure laws of comparative philology, be constantly kept in view.

4.

But if logic and the instinct of order be a strong aid to memory, the imagination, when wisely used, is a powerful ally.

Imagination means picturing, and words are not echoes of sounds only, but pictures of things.

Let us endeavor, therefore, to see distinctly in our mind's eye whatever image the word contains, and we shall remember it with more distinctness and with more satisfaction. A date, for instance,—say 1517, the starting point of the Protestant Reformation—may seem a very artificial thing to remember; but let us couple it with a living picture of the stout-hearted Saxon monk, standing amid a company of applauding students, and posting up his ninety-five theses on the portal of the church at Wittenberg, and you have a picture hung up in the gallery of your soul worth remembering, and which will carry the date along with it as lightly as a dog carries his tail.

And so with everything else.

See distinctly what you wish to remember surely.

5.

But better than a picture in the mind's eye is a real picture, or at least the stage and scenery of a memorable event at the place where it was enacted.

If you wish to impress on your memory with all firmness how Bannockburn made

Scotland free and Scotsmen manly, go to the field where the Bruce taught the insolent Edwards to keep their own side of the Tweed if you wish to feel strongly how much Great Britain owes to the earnest faith and noble self-sacrifice of of our Scottish Covenanters, go to the Cathedral of St. Giles, where Charles I.

learned in a rough fashion that it was not the business of a king sitting on an English throne to force liturgies down the throat of an independent people; and if you would know how much our boasted

Anglo-Norman civilization owes to the zeal and courage of the early Celtic apostles, go to Iona, where Columba, in a

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

savage age, trained a school of devoted disciples to the arts of peace and the precepts of the gospel.

Two days, or even a few thoughtful hours, spent on the scene of any noble apostolic or social drama, will do more for a fructifying growth of memory than weeks of plodding study over the dry words of dead books, or the colorless sentences of a dogmatic theology 6.

Reminiscence is not memory nevertheless, as a man cannot remember everything, the dead record has its place as a valuable adjunct to memory.

To trust to paper habitually, as Plato teaches in the Pluedrus, is to destroy the faculty which you ought to cultivate; but for the sake of future reference, many things will be wisely noted down, to be used in due season, which otherwise would have been altogether lost.

I say, therefore, to every student of theology, get an interleaved Bible and jot down whatever incidents or noteworthy deeds may come in your way, as practical illustration of some pregnant text; and this practice will not only be a useful help to a weak memory, but will tend to diversify your pulpit discourses with those touches of vivid reality in which they are so often deficient One example is often more powerful to stir the soul than a hundred precepts.

7.

Lastly, avoid random reading, sensational novels, and promiscuous printed babblement of all kinds.

Use books as architects use quarries—not to fling stones about like idle boys playing at ball, but to pile them up with a fair construction for a comfortable dwelling. Read nothing that you do not wish to remember, and remember nothing that you do not mean to use.

Of course, when I say this, I suppose that you are in good working order; if your stomach, or your nerves, or your liver be out of order, then you may read silly novels or idle tales, or any sort of unlicensed gossip, for recreation, as the doctor may allow.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

PROGRAMME OF EXERCISES Ot the Y. M.

M.

I.

A.

General Annual Conference to be held in Salt Lake City, on Sunday and Monday, June 1 and 2, 1890:

Notices.—The committee on entertainment can be found at the north door of the Assembly Hall at the close of each service to provide members with accommodations.

Members should be known personally or by certificate.

All officers of the Associations are requested to occupy seats on the right and left of the pulpits during the Conference.

The railway companies will issue round trip tickets from all points at regular conference rates—single fare for the round trip—good going May 29th, 30th, 31st, and June 1st, and good returning until and including June 4th.

Sunday, June rst\ a.m.

{\n the Tabernacle.)—Music by the Harmony and Fifteenth Ward Glee Clubs combined, W.

J. Kelly, conductor.

1.

Invocation (1) selection, Harmony and Fifteenth Ward Glee Clubs, combined (2) prayer (3) selection, Glee Club.

2.

Introductory remarks, Junius F.

Wells 3. Sentiments:

(1) "The origin, mission and object of Y. M. M.

I. A., Salt Lake Stake (2) "Obedience, the key of power,"Emery Stake (3) "Promises of God to His people,"Sanpete Stake.

4.

Duet:

"'Tis for you,"L.

Puritani, by Belini, J.

S.

Morgan and W.

J.

Kelly.

5.

Lecture, "Life of Joseph the Prophet,"

B. H. Roberts.

6.

Remarks.

7.

Selection, Glee Club;

S.

Benediction.

p.m.

Music by the Tabernacle Choir, E.

Beesley, conductor.—1.

Invocation (1^ Hymn, "Come, holy ghost, our hearts inspire";

(2) prayer;

(3) hymn, "O my Father, Thou that dwellest.".2. Sentiments:

(1) "The future of Zion,"Cache Stake;

(2) "Testimony,"Sevier Stake;

(3) "Persecution and its results,"San Luis Stake.

3.

Discourse President Wilford Woodruff.

Solo:

"The Lord is my light,"Miss Louie Poulton.

5. Sermon: Apostle F. M. Lyman.

6.

Presentation of offi-

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

cers.

7.

Hymn-anthem, "Earth with her ten thousand flowers."8.

Benediction.

7.30. p.m.

Music by a select chorus, under the direction of E.

Stephens.

1.

Invocation:

(1.) Chorus, "From afar, gracious Lord "(2.) Prayer.

(3.) Chorus:

"Praise ye the Father."2.

Sentiment:

"True education,"Milton H. Hardy.

3.

Discourse, Apostle Moses Thatcher 4. Solo and chorus: "Hail to the Man,"written for the anniversary of President

Young's Birthday, by Evan Stephens.

5.

Sentiment, "Divine interference,"Jos. A. West.

6. Remarks.

7.

'Hallelujah Chorus."8.

Benediction.

Monday, June 2nd.

(In the Assembly Hall.) a.m., officers'and members'meeting.

1.

Invocation (1) Hymn (2) Prayer (3) Hymn.

2.

Subjects for explanation (1) Nature, spirit and mission of Y.

M.

M.

I.

A.

(2) Organizations (3) General superintendency; (4) Annual general conferences (5) Annual and semi-annual stake conferences (6) District conferences (7.) Monthly joint sessions (8.) Weekly class-work (9) Home reading or preparation (10) Scope of the Y. M.

M.

I.

A.

(11) Annual sustaining of officers;

(12) Roll;

(13) Programme work (14) Membership (15) Intermissionarywork;

(16) Lectures;

(17) Council meetings; (18) Libraries (19) Annual and Manual (20) Inspection of records.

p.

m., officers and members.—1.

Opening exercises.

2.

Statistical report.

3.

Suggestions and Questions in relation to meetings (1) Of territorial officers (2) Of territorial and stake officers (3) Of assistants to general superintendency and stake officers at their council meeting at annual and semi-annual stake conferences (4) Special work of qualified men to visit every stake and ward.

BOOK OF MORMON SUBJECTS, (CONTINUED).

BY MILTON H. HARDY AND GEO. H. BRIMHALL.

Lecture LIII.

Subject:

Advent of the Savior to the Nephites.

Time;

A. D.

33.

Subdivisions:

1.

The multitude of the Temple City assembled at the divinely preserved edifice;

2. The voice of God the Eternal Father introducing. His Son Jesus Christ;

3. The descension of Jesus;

4.

Proclamation of His personality, authority, relation, physical proofs of His identity;

5.

Special instructions in regard to baptisms;

6.

Simplicity and positiveness of His doctrines;

7. His testimony of the superiority of the knowledge that comes by faith;

8. His comprehensive sermon.

(See Matt.

5, 6 and 7.) References, III Nephi, chap. 11 to 15.

LIV.

Subject:

Personal teaching of the Savior.

Subdivisions:

1. The laws of Moses fulfilled in Him because he gave the law;

2.

The three divisions of the house of Israel, a Old Jerusalem as a centre, b the Nephite nation, c the nine and a half lost tribes;

3. America an everlasting inheritance to Israel;

4. The Gospel to the Gentiles because of their belief;

5. Transferring the Gospel from the Gentiles to the remnant of the House of Israel;

6. The unbelieving Gentiles subservient to the House of Israel;

7. Healing of the multitude;

8.

Blessing of children;

9.

Institution of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper;

10. Choosing of the Twelve Nephite Apostles; n.

His ascension.

Reference, III Nephi, chap. 16 to 18.

LV.

Subject:

Continuation of the three days'administration of Jesus among the Nephites.

Time; 33, A. D.

Subdivisions:

1. The preparatory work with the Apostles, a the dividing of the multitude into twelve bodies, b baptism of the Twelve, c the gift of the Holy Ghost, d the return of Jesus;

2. The miraculous prayer;

3.

The miraculous provision of the sacrament;

4. Giving of America to the remnant of the House of Jacob for an everlasting inheritance;

5.

His testimony concerning the unbelieving Gentiles;

6.

"A New Jerusalem;"7. Explanation of the fulfillment of the Abrahamic Covenant;

8. The redemption of Jerusalem signified;

9. The remnant of the House of

Jacob to lead in the establishment of the New Jerusalem—assisted by the Gentiles;

10.

His careful inspection of their records—He orders a minute made of the resurrection of Saints as declared by Samuel, the Lamanite Prophet; n.

His revelation and explanation of the words of Malachi;

12. His universal exposition; 13. Marvelous declarations made by the children.

Reference, III Nephi, chap. 19 to 24.

LVI.

Subject:

Conclusion of the three days'ministrations of Jesus among the Nephites.

Time; A.

D., 33.

Subdivisions:

1.

The Savior again appears to the Twelve;

2. He declares the name of His church;

3.

His mission, "to do the will of His Father;"4. The universality of accounts, or all things recorded;

5. His granting of the individual desires of the Twelve, a desire of the nine, b desire of the three;

6. His ascension;

7.

The transfiguration of the three Apostles;

8. Their continuous ministry on the earth.

Reference, III Nephi, chap.

28 to 30.

I vTARCII "Pure"and Silver Gloss And Corn Starch FOR THE LAUNDRY.

FOR THE TABLE.

ABSOLUTELY FTJIfcE IN CtTJ^LIT^V

U/m. Driuer 9 S09, °¥w> ^- Wholesale and s Retail.

The Mogls Reliable Drug flou^e in the We^t IS THE FIRM OF \2V rlVI. DRIVER «Sfe »OIV, MAIL OR3 att £ R n^on.

e PR0MP OGDEN, UTAH.

*M>/C QUICKEST & BEST %SOLD BY ALL Wholesale and Retail Grocers E. W. CILLETT, MTr, CHICAGO, ILL.

It is the universal veidict of Bakers ana good Housekeepers that Magic Yeast is the best.

TESTIMONIALS.

I have used Magic Yeast sue* cesstuny lor several years.

It makes good, sweet bread and is always ready for use.

Mrs. A M. Tribe.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Magic Yeast is more convenient than any I ever used, It does not sour in the summer, and makes light, white bread.

Mas. H. C. Wells.

I have tried Magic Yeast and;it works like magic, making nice light bread.

Mas. £. H Anderson.

Ogden, Utah.

*<Liverpool & London & Globe* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.^ Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston, $4 500,000.00 Income in the United States, 1888,....

,1 '66,026.00 Expenditures in the United States, 1888, 1 5541396.00 CHICACO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

JOHN CRERAR, of Crerar, Adam* &

Co., LEVI Z. LETTER, late Field.

Lcittr <fc Co., EZRA J.

WAJtsXER, of S^rwiue, Warner & Co., WILLIAM WARRXN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, Ills.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agents, Salt Lake C The Kodak Camera "You press the button Price, •35.00.—Loaded for 100 Picture*.

we do the rest."The only camera that anybody can use without instructions.

Send for the Primer, free.

The Kodak is for «ale by all Photo stock dealers.

TjeE&gftmanDrjpia^ilmCo.

ROCHESTEB, N. T.

D.&R.G.

Pleasant Valley COAX,!

COLORADO ANTHRACITE, Coke, Charcoal, Pig Iron.

A. L. WILLIAMS, AGENT.

148 S. Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

Salesman—Yes, this is the stove you inquired for.

As von Bay, ii does not look exactly like the one your mother recommended you to buy, and which she winks so much of, but it is a

Charter 4tak Rmige. wo have the

I ook Stoves of the same make but the Ranges arc i <l more generally now. as they arc more convenient

How long lias your mother had her Btove?

^ oung Married i.vuv-i >h ev« r so long.

She bought it when 1 was a baby, and has been usin.L,- 11 ever since and Bhe told me I must get the same kind.

Salesman—Well, thia is the same kind That is, it is a Charter Oak, but yon must remember that twenty years is a long time, and improvements have been made since your mother pot hers.

This Rango has the wonderful Wire iiitusv Oren Dootvwhieh you have probably heard of. as ii is known and Bold ev< rywhere in connection with our Btoves and Rani

Young Married Lady—Oh!

1 remember now. She spoke about that, but 1 can't understand why that shOuld make it BO much better than onr old stove, as that was as good lis it (amid be.

salesman—There is no doubl alio;

i its being much better:

it la a wonderful Improvement It bakes everything so much nici r and the meat- are not dried up like they are in the old fashioned t>;iit ovens.

Why, a steak can be broiled in that oven as perfectly as over cl arcoal tire, and the natu: al juice of the meat, which make it so appetizing, \\ ill all be retained It is Just the same with roast meats, of course it is necdleBS for me to speak of its other good qualities, as your mother s advice has made thai unnecessary.

Young Mar-uii i> Nady—Well, of course, I will take it.

Please have it put up as soon as you can, as we have no stove yet.

We arc ju 5t commencing housekeeping, you kuow.

These STOVES, and RANGES). ar&! Recommended and kept ForlSale bylZ.JC. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

^^^»^^^^^^fe;fe»^»^fe< oo oooooooooooo oooooooooooooo o WHITE & SONS CO.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET.

LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Cured Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

WHITE & SOISTS CO., W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE No S.A.XVX Xj-A.SE CITT.

O OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOO o PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF MBnBra^^H^TOgffiPftWa^^ IPllJOlUK m High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, W.

South Temple St, S^LT ZLj^IKIIE CITY, TJ'HJ^tt

HENKY WALLACE, Manager.

Utah Cracker Factory^ Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SMitw Stand of cj<im ^kwkeU^ SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the

Territory.

i BEST-SIX -CORD WW^JM ww&mx mM* & awwiwi frgff^U refflM-> fra^JRlf 26 EITta, 28 Slims, 30 LLTtanUp 32

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE are those put up by ^* D.M.FERRY&CO.

Who are the largest Seed inien in the world.

D. M. Fekry& Go's Illustrated, Descriptive and Priced for 1890 will be maiied t REE to all applicants, and to last season's customers.

It is better than ever.

Every person using Garden, Flower or Field Seeds should send for it. Address

D. M. FERRY&CO.

DETROIT, MICH72 Main St., Salt Lake City, CARRY A COMPLETE STOCK OF Toys and Fancy Goods.

WHOLESALE & RETAIL.

Educational Works a Specialty.

L.D.Y0U1I4 Agent tof Utah.

Hayes-PartridgeShoe Co.

SHOES.

No.n03^ce$t,pMI&dephfe LADIES', MISSES,'CHILDREN'S, BOYS'and YOUTHS'Famous "GLiGIT Shifts Art the best Fitting and Wearing Fine Dress Shirt Made.

Manufactured at GLENS FALLS, N. Y, by ®^° Z. C. M.

I. Sole Agents in Utah, PAID UP CAPITAL, $200,000.00 CASH ASSETS, $272,865.58 OFFICERS.

HBBBR J. GRANT, President, JAMES SHARP, Vice-President, LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurtr, ELIAS A. SMITH, Secretary, W. J. BATSMAN, Ass't Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dlnweodey, John Henry Smith,

George Romney, John C. Cutler, Thoe. G. Webber, David Boelee, P. T. Farnswerth, Geo. W. Thatcher, William H. Rowe, Frank W.Jennings, Charles S. Burton.

CASH CAPITAL, $100,000 OFFICERS.

JOSEPH F. SMITH, President, HEBER J. GRANT, Vice-President,

LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, HEBER M. WELLS, Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dlnwoodey, George Romney,

Wm. W. Rlter, James Sharp, Moses Thatcher, John Henry Smith, Wm. H. Rowe, Chas. S. Burton, John C. Cutler, Ellas A. Smith.

Richard W. Young.

Heber J.IGrant & Co., Genl. Agts., Herald Building, Salt Lake City.

.

BRO^HNTLIVO BROS OGDEN and SALT LAKE CITY.

MANUFACTURERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALELS C C o «"5 -J S £ s £ > <? # I (I) O •o ft c f?

«r <Z) » o o ft I & £ (? £ £ S § o if a S * g S g £ * $ V) i r « C O « X « -S 5 »: « «'<» S +S r?

,2 w o t> tJ -*.£;? O eg ~ •*-*%:§"£ - 1 & s § « » c <d (c o as s £ S t3 O £ £ C S 2 £ i n ^k an y.thinf in our!ne - ^d our Prices are Lower than the lowest.

We have the largest and best equipped repair shop in the United States, and are prepared to do all kinds of repairing.

^ Send for Illustrated Catalogue.

2461 WashingtonAve..

T T /rv » »- ikk iv /r o Ogdoo.

UTAH.

^^It^lTeSS**"^N^EDyj ^i:ai»¥- TTEfi COMPOUNDED WITH MINERAL WATER.

BESTREMEDY 0Q88CO8O©08O0OOO9ee8B For Sale by all Druggists.

Wallp, Otu\Iei| | Co., MANUFACTURERS OF CHICAGO WAX CALF£<<S SCUPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Boston Store, 16 and 18 South St,

Chicago Store, 179 and 181 Lake Street.

!M*m

iTHEi VThomgon <% ^Iop Spice (£o.,-* ES 10 FLl KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of tine Famtr 'OU3g^ggg RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET, iff. SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St, Chicago, o IT IS THLiC BEST.

o TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN kekwoll's fiwhun Tobacco The LAFG-EST SALE o» any Tobacco in tho World.

FOR PLEASURE, «$MFORT,HEALT"SMOKE THE 4PW MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY * Dl)RHflM,lV.Cr.

The Cfloslev Patent Set*euu Door

BURGLAR PROOF BANK SAFE.

The only Air Tight Bank Safe.

The only Automatic Bank Safe.

No Hole through Door or Body No Combination Lock or Bolt Spindles.

No Springs cr Weights to operate Bolt Work

Tlxe Mosler Bank Safe Oo. f Exclusive Manufacturers of the following Mosler Patents:

SCREW DOOR BURGLAR PROOF BANK SAFES, DOUBLE POWER AUTOMATIC TIME LOCKS,

PATENT SAFE DEPOSIT CONSTRUCTION.

gg|f t> Specifications and Estimates furnished on all Kinds of Bank and Vault Worl\

Office and Sales Rooms:

-,.

.

.

.

1 1 n M Works:

86 to 96 Elm Street.

UfflC/flflCit/, UnlO,U.O.A. Front and Rose Sts

For Information Regarding either JFire or Burglar ft oof Work)

Address J. T. GAIjVIN, Salt Lake fitu- Utah.

J Tfai'iciiltur'al A POWDER Absolutely Pure.

The United States Official Investigation of baking powders, made under authority of Congress by the Chemical

Division of the Department of Agriculture, Washington, D. C, recently com pMeted, shows the Royal Baking Powder to be a cream of tartar powder of the highest quality,'pure and wholesome, and superior to all others in strength, leavening power, and general usefulness.

OP UTAH.

The Agricultural College of Utah, lo**'cated at Logan, Utah, will open for students on September 2d.

It is a Territorial Institution founded upon a United States land grant and by Ttrrtorial appropriations, for the pur- pose of giving the young men and ydung women of Utah a liberal and practical education in the several pursuits and professions of life.

It has courses in Agriculture, Domestic Economy, Mechanic Arts and Mechanical Engineering,

Civil Engineering and other special courses.

It has modern equipments and specialists in its several fields of instruction.

Its means of Illustration include the United States Experiment Station and its work of research in Agriculture;

a fine farm including horticultural grounds equipped with modern appliances.

A cooking, dairy, cutting and sewing department, workshops in wood and iron, a new library', museums and other means of illustration.

Students will be kept in constant contact with illustrations ofschoolroom teachings throughout its four years'courses.

For pamphlets containing announcements and for further particulars,

Address, J. W. SANBORN, President.

Jf?e l^eadii^ Imple/r^t j-lous^of Utafo

HEBER J. GRANT.

PREST..

JOSEPH F. SMITH, VICE-PREST., RULON S. WELLS, SEGY. *P TREAS.

CO-OPERATIVE WAGON.-. and MACHINE CO.

iDipeetofs:

Heber J.Grant.

Joshua F. Grant, George T. Odell, William W.Riter, George Romney, Joseph F. Smith, Francis M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Charles S. Burton, Junius F.Wells, James Sharp.

Salt Lake, Ogden, Logan, Eagle Rock.

management* JOSHUA F. GRANT, Gen. Mgr., GEO.

T. ODELL, Asst. Mgr Salt Lake City, Utah.

ED.

T. WOOLLEY, Mgr. Ogden Branch A.

G. BARBER, Mgr. Logan Branch.

G, G. WRIGHT, Mgr. Eagle Rock Branch