This Number contains "WHERE TO FIND EARLY CHURCH HISTORY,"by Apostle F. D. Richards, Church Historian and General Church

Recorder.

I p NTRIBUTOR 2§ A-/^ONTHLY-AACAZINE- i II Ii Vol. XL SEPTEMBER, 1890.

.

jfo.

ft.

''.

PUBLISHED- BY THE CONTRIBUTOR • CO.

SALT • LAKE CITY* UTAH mss^sssmm

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR SEPTEMBER, 1890.

PAGE.

Steel Engraving:

Portrait of F. D. Richards Frnntispiece.

Where to Find Early Church History F.

I). Richards Pioneer Women » f Utah, III Orson F.

H'hitney The Parable of Happiness, Joaquin Miller It Shall be Light Milton Reed.

Fiametta: Sketch lor a Love Tale of the Sierras, Book IV. Alfred Lambourne.... 409

Pioneer Sketches. VIII. ALeap for Life or Death.. Santiago

Effect of Wealth on Morals, Edward H. Anderson Toil On, Poor Soul, /.. M. Hewlings "The Morrisite War"Richard IV.

Young.....

Flesh and Blood /. E. Talmage Editorial:

Religion in the Home, Luther and the Reformation, J. M. Romney Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst.

Cashier.

Zioi/s Sauii^s Bai?^ -A. 1ST3D 1 & 3 &a$t ^emp^e St., Sa£t iSaJW QUu.

ESTABLISHED 1873.

DIRECTORS.

Vilford Woodruff, Brest., George Q. Cannon, Vice-Prcst.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M. Cannon,.I nines Jack, Le Grande Young, George Keynokb, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Clawson.

INCORPORATED 1888.

DOES A General Banking Business.

Pays S Per Cent Interest on Savings Deposits.

JVIoney to Loan, °securm°e V 3?

d at Lorn Hates of Interest.

ORGANIZED OCTOBER

16th, 186a f, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Secretary, - T. Q. WEBBER.

VicR-pMMBMrr, MOSES THATCHER, Treasurer, - - A. W. CARLSON.

-DIBECTORSGeo. Q. Cmmmy John Sharp, Henry Dinwoodey, William H. Rowe, Jos. F. Smith, George Romney, P. T. Farnsworth, Thoa. W. Jennings.

Heber J. Grant, John R. Winder, John R. Barnes, Mmmn/uetmr*ru, Importers, ana Whoimmaim mmnt

Retail Dealers in Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AT mmtm mi"i i...

i i - ii i^ OGDEN. agate County, Utah.

LOOAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County.

Utah.

EAGLE ROCK.

Idaho.

Co-operative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE and FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Clothing and Furnishing Goods,

Tinware and Stamped Ware, Hats and Caps, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Paper Hangings, Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Boots and Shoes, Staves, Grates and Ranges, Rubber Goods, Tools and Implements, Leather and Findings, Stationery and Blank Boohs, Pure Drugs and Medicines, School Books, Wines and Liquors, Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Casslmeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls. Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careful Attention.

T. G. WEBBEl?, Bupt

OTAfiNEB BttOS.

(Celebrated <2>orsets.

?^S>HE merit and popularity sU^fe of these Corsets is at- V&/S: tested by the fact that fr over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness I after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and bett-r service for the money than any imitation.

They can always be recognized, for they have "Dr.

Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

*WARNER * BROS.

N^e^w Yoirk: eurd Chicago, For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets.

Boston.

St. Louie Minneapolis Omaha.

Bemis Omaha Bag Co.

BaMap Importers, Bag QQafccifaetar*etfs and Dealers,

Bemis Building, 11th Street Viaduet,

Omaha, Heb.

S, P.TEASOE P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer In Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Beat House for Family Supplies.

SS.P.TEAS iL^lai-Bodts 8 SI?oes, The people of Utah are sensibly united in preferring those made at——

^.••G.-MQ-'M.-^ Factouj,—<ISALT - LAKE - C1TY.I>- LOOK F-oR THtt BRAND.

TutJIoi, |omnef, JjMflftong Co.

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

j I^JStie, piapK, Joists, Rafters, Stymies, /T^oufdi^s.

EVERYTHING THAT GUILDERS NEED.

Soutti OP* mple St., Salt X, ft. I •:«:ity,

UNION

PACIFIC i Between Utah: and the Missouri River _ Take the"Fast Train, "THE "OVERLAND - FLYER."SAVE ONE DAY CROSSING THE CONTINENT.

TOURISTS may properly appreciate the grandeur of the scenery and the magnificence extent and resources of* the Unted States only when they have compassed journeys to leading eities in

Colorado, Utah, Idaho, Nevada, California, Oregon, and Alaska, and mining camps, cities, and health resorts of the Rocky

Mountains, all of which are best reached via the

UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

C.F.RESSEGUIE, General Manager, salt Lake.

J.V.Parker, Asst.Gen.Pass.Agt.

Salt Lake Utah.

PerfectEquipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON BLACK CANON MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS, GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS <9HE Q5AM1EI^ p. &500D Rowing and Reaping Machine Co.

Invites the attention of Utah Farmers to their line of World Renowned Harvesting Machines, COMPRISING SINGLE APRON BINDING HARVESTERS, Enclosed Gear Mowers, Enclosed Gear Reapers, Combined Self & Hand Dump Hay Rake, for one or two horses.

Largest Sales—

in the World. * 7%%%1% *—Have Been—

Made and Sold.

WALTER A. WOOD Prest, 68 Front Street, Portland, Oregon.

O Send for Handsome Catalogue Mailed free.

CO-OPERATIVE WASON & MACHINE CO, General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The CONTRIBUTOR VOLUME TEN, BOUND, With a copy of the Great Premium Steel Engraving of President

Brigham Young, also four full page Steel Engravings:

Erastus Snow, Wilford Woodruff, Jos.

F.

Smith and Moses Thatcher, will be sent to any address on receipt of $2.50. A few volumes left.

WHAT IS SAID OF "THE CONTRIBUTOR."

The Contributor is a very good magazine containing:

first class reading matter.

W.

G.

Warner, Uintah.

Its contents are of the choicest kin

This is the magazine for the youtho Zion.

Beaver Utonian.

The numbers improve each time, and it is a very interesting book.—/. E. Cox>

Milford.

It is a gem of home literature.

Deseret Aews.

Address:

The Contribjtor Co, Herald Building.

Salt Lake City.

P. O. Box 305.

"ORDERS SENT PROMPTLY.'

r*1 OS cro.

f (lardy, You 9^ 8 <?o.

.-.First.-.qc/iss.-.

pa/r\ily Qroeeries, Dry Qoods, Boots ai?d 5*?oeS5ou;i) ai)d <$ouptry Jradi^ 5olie't2d.

Jif^DY,- VOdJ^C -8-Q0., FIRST S0U5J1 5T-, SP^T WE <2I5Y, 0.

Jl. ^RDY, /Manager.

B. p. & J4.

II. SUJEET, manufaetaFCFs of "Common Sen8e"Sleighs, "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba Sleighs,

Improved Freight Wagons, Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks, Blackboards, Lumber Buggies.

S0-0pEiy*TltfE MJpQOfi AND fltyiQJilJfE <£., Sole A^.

DENNIS LONG k JwMl ELOUISVILLE, KY.

MANUFACTURE EXCLUSIVELY CAST-IRON GAS I WATER PIPE, And Special Castings of all Sizes.

Gr-UEOIN"LINE For QUEP:NSTOWN and LIYERPQOL,

From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kiii£- St., New York, every Tuesday.

WE\IM>N 3 350 1OKS.

\N\0\MWa 3.1\6 \0*S l\\_KS\<vK, 0,500 lOHS.

kRMONk. 5.S00 to*s.

'W\SCOHS\tt »3 120 IONS.

%3B~ These Steamers aie built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make tlie passage across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

The State-rooms are all on Deck, thus Insuring those greatest of •11 Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30.

STEERAGE, $20.

A. M. UNDERH1LL & GO.

Offices, No. 35 Broadway, New Yorl

MOSESITHATCHER, 1BARNARD WHITE,

F. R. SNOW, GEO. A.SNOW, Prest, Vice-Prest.

Sec. & Treas.

Gen. Mgr.

^oi^solidat^d Implement Qo.

Headquarters for Wagons, Buggies & Farm Machinery.

«0$100 CASH WILL BUY THIS BUGGY>

DIRECTORS.

Moses Thatcher, Barnard White, F. R. Snow, W. W. Burton, M. Snow, W. B. Preston, G. A. Snow.

The following are a Few of the Principal Goods we Carry:

cooper hwr;i*£ ^taooks, "Porter"Road Carts; McCormick Mowers, Reapers, and Binders;

Scott Full Circle AM Steel Hay Presses;

Nichols & Shepard "New Vibrator"Threshing Machinery;

"Jay-Eye-See"Sulky Plows* ''Canton Clipper"and J.

I. Case Steel and Chilled Plows,

Harrows and Cultivators; "Planet Jr."Garden

Tools; Press and Grafth&»b rills;

Combined and Independent Seeders, Fanning Mills, Feed Cutters, Etc.

PITWe make a Specialty of BUGGIES and carry the Celebrated U. S. Carriage

Co.'s Fine Buggies (of Columbus, 0.) and D. W. Haydock's of St. Louis.

Send for Special Prices to Consolidated Implement Co., Houses at Salt Lake Oity, Ogden, Logan and Milford,

Utah.

0*, I / r // a '/ c£ /

Vol. XL SEPTEMBER, 1890.

No.

11.

WHERE TO FIND EARLY CHURCH HISTORY.

In compliance with your request to furnish a communication for The Contributor, and desiring to furnish something that would be a permanent benefit to its readers, I have decided that, inasmuch as all we know of the order of Christ's Church, and the power by which its ordinances are administered, has come to us through the Prophet Joseph Smith,

Jr., perhaps as great a benefit as I can confer is to point the way of access to his history, which during the period of his mortal existence was, and is, the history of the Church.

Very few of the present rising generation have any just conception of the marvelous work he accomplished in the last twenty-four years of his shor t life.

The first attempt at writing the history of the Church in this dispensation, was by

Oliver Cowdery.

He states in a letter to Wm. W.

Phelps, dated September 7th, 1834, and published in the Messenger ana

Advocate at Kirtland. Ohio:

"I will hereafter give you a full history of the rise o'this Church, until the time when the Church was driven from Jackson County,

Missouri.

That our narrative may be correct, and particularly the introduction, it is proper to inform our patrons that our Brother J.

Smith, Jr.

has offered to assist us.

Indeed there are many items connected with the fore part of this subject that render his labor indispensible."

The third number of the Messenger and

Advocate contains a letter from theProphet

Joseph to Oliver in which he commences to give the promised information, and following which is the series of letters narrating the visions in which Joseph was informed where to find the gold plates and the interpreters by which he translated the record contained on them, together with many very interesting circumstances connected with his obtaining them.

In Oliver's first letter he states that he "first saw Brother Joseph on Sabbath evening, April 5th, 1829, and on Tuesday the 7th commenced to write* from his mouth as he translated with the Urim and

Thummim the record called, The Book of Mormon."At his confession and restoration, October 21st, 1848, before the High Council in

Kanesville, Iowa, he said, "I wrote with my own pen the entire Book of Mormon (save a few pages) as it fell trom the lips of the Prophet Joseph Smith, as he translated it by the gift and power of God, by the means of the Urim and Thummim.

I beheld with my eyes and handled with my hands the gold plates from which it was translated.

I also saw with my eyes and handled with my hands the holy interpreters.

I was also present with Joseph when the higher or Melchisedec Priesthood was conferred by the holy angel from on high."Mill. Star, vol. 26, page 544, taken from Deseret News.

In a revelation given to Joseph Smith, Jr., and John Whitmer, in Kirtland, Ohio, March 8th, 1831, the Lord said:

"It is expedient in me that my servant John should write and keep a regular history, and assist you, my servant Joseph, in transcribing all things which shall be given you, also that it shall be appointed unto him to keep the Church record and history continually,'for Oliver Cowdery I have appointed to another office."* Joseph says it was on the 15th and 17th of April, 1829.

WHERE TO FIND EARLY CHURCH HISTORY.

Again in a revelation given November, 1831, section 69, paragraphs 2-3:

"I, the Lord, will that my servant John Whitmer should go with my servant Oliver Cowdery; and also that he shall continue in writing and making a history of all the important things which he shall observe and know concerning my Church."In section 70, paragraphs 1 and 3, we are told that the Lord appointed them, in connection with W. W.

Phelps, and the First Presidency, stewards over the revelations and commandments, which had been given and which should be given.

From the foregoing it appears that Oliver Cowdery was the accredited historian of Joseph Smith and the Church from April, i829,until the eighth of March, 1831, when John Whitmer was appointed by revelation to succeed him.

From the subsequent history of the Prophet Joseph Smith, it is apparent that John Whitmer retained this office until he was excommunicated by action of a High

Council on the tenth of March, 1838, at Far West, Missouri.—Mil. Siar,

Vol.

16, page iij.

At an annual conference, held at Far West, April, 6th, 1838, John Corrill and Elias Higbee were appointed historians, and Geo. W. Robinson, general Church recorder, and clerk to the First Presidency.

About this time a letter was sent by the First Presidency to John Whitmer, in consequence of his withholding the records of the Church in Far West when called for by the clerk, from which

I make the following extract:

Mr. John Whitmer:

SIR:—We were desirous of honoring you by giving publicity to your notes on the Church of Latter-day Saints, after making such corrections as we thought would be necessary. We are still willing to honor you if you can be made to know your own interest, and give up your notes, so that they can be corrected and made fit for the press; but if not, we have all the materials for another, which we shall commence this week to write.

Your humble servants, Joseph Smith Jr., Sidney Rigdon, Presidents of the whole Church of Latter-day

Saints.

Attest: E.

Robinson, clerk.

The history states that the First Presidency spent several days in April and May, 1838, in writing up Church history to that date.

During this summer they were exceedingly busy in receiving and locating the camps of the Saints who were frequently arriving from the East, until the disturbances broke out which resulted in the imprisonment of the leading Elders and the expulsion of the Saints from the state.

Passing the period of extermination from Missouri and location of the Church in Nauvoo, Illinois, the fame of its prosperity caused many enquiries, insomuch that the Prophet was aroused to the importance of furnishing authentic information for all enquirers.

Although deprived of the annals kept by Oliver Cowdery and J.

Whitmer, except such as had found their way into print, and finding no aid from the pens of John Corrill and Elias Higbee, and feeling the force of the injunction of the Lord at the organization, "Behold there shall be a record kept among you,"&c, (Doc. & Cov., sec. 21 par.

1) no wonder that Joseph felt a great anxiety for the accomplishment of this part of his mighty work.

He says under date of November 7th, "I gave orders that the history must continue and not be disturbed, as there are but few subjects that I have felt a greater concern about than my history, which has been a very difficult task, on account of the death of my best clerks and the apostacy of others, and the stealing of records by John Whitmer, Cyrus Smalling and others."

John Corrill had apostatized during the persecutions, and EliasHigbee being charged with the onerous duties of buildingcommittee for the Nauvoo Temple—the

Prophet employed Elders Robert B.

Thompson, William Clayton, Willard Richards, and others, as private secretaries and clerks of various departments, until the df -vth of Elias Higbee in June, 1843, noticed on page 232, of vol.

4, Times and Seasons.

On the thirtieth of July following, Elder

Willard Richards was appointed General

Church Recorder, in which office he labored efficiently until his death in Salt

WHERE TO FIND EARLY CHURCH HfSTORK

Lake City, on the eleventh of March, 1854.

Of his ability and confidential relations the Prophet Joseph wrote to his wife, June 2nd, 1842: "My heart's desire and prayer to God is all the day long for all the Saints, and in an especial and particular manner for those whom He hath chosen and anointed to bear the heaviest burthens in the heat of the day, among which number is your husband received a man in whom I have the most implicit confidence and trust.

You say I have got him; so I have, in which I rejoice, for he has done me great good, and taken a great burthen off my shoulders since his arrival in Nauvoo.

Never did I have a greater intimacy with any man than with him.

May the blessings of Elijah crown his head forever and ever."Times and Seasons, vol.

3, page 726, contains the commencement of Joseph's most wonderful experience, which is continued in consecutive numbers through the third, fourth, fifth and sixth volumes, which were published in 1842, 1843,

I 844, 1845, and till February 1st, 1846, in Nauvoo, Illinois, and continues the history to August nth, 1834.

On the first appearance of this work in the Times and Seasons, Apostle Parley P.

Pratt, the editor of the Millennial Star, published by the Saints in Liverpool, England, copied it into the second number of the third volume for June, 1842, and continued its publication as it came to hand.

In America, the exodus of the Saints from Nauvoo, Illinois, in 1846, prevented the further publication of the history until November 15th, 1851, when the Deseret

News, No.

1.

Vol.

2, continued where the Times and Seasons left off, commenceing with the date of August n, 1834, and continuing as the inconveniences of the new settlement would permit until its conclusion on page 363 of Vol 7, in No.

46 for the twentieth of January, 1858, extending into July, 1844.

In England, the Millennial Star had published the history to and including November 3rd, 1831, where it ceased in it was continued in No. S of Vol.

14, 1852, on page 113—with a good degree of regularity until terminated by the account of the horrible massacre of June 27th, 1844.

The lapse oftime from the cessation of its publication in May, 1845, to April, 1852, rendered the former part almost valueless. As there were so few of the early volumes of the Star published, and they were out of print so that but few of the new members could obtain them—the editor of the fourteenth volume, Elder Samuel W.

Richards, took the happy thought and reprinted the portion contained in volumes three, four and five in the form of a supplement to the fourteenth volume, so that any person having that volume with its supplement has the history from the commencement to February 4th, 1834, and he who has volume twenty-five has the conclusion of the history of Joseph Smith on the 280th page.

It may appear strange that citations from the published portions of our history are more generally made from the

Millennial Star than from the Times and

Seasons and Deseret News in which it was first published.

The reasons are these:

Times and Seasons are very scarce, and there are not known to be more than three or four, possibly half a dozen, files of the Deseret News covering the six volumes in which the history is continued, in existence; while on the other hand, the former and present First Presidencies, most of the Twelve, and quite a number of the Elders from various parts of Utah while laboring in the British Islands have succeeded in procuring either full files of the Star, or from volume fourteen with supplement to volume twenty-five, which contain the history; so that by citation or reference to the Star a far greater number of readers are benefited than if reference were made to the scarcer works.

The history of Brigham Young commences on the 295th page of the 25th volume, and ends on the 553rd page of the twenty-seventh volume.—This includes biographical sketches of President

Young's father and family of John Young on page 310, Joseph Young on 311, Phineas Young on page 326, Lorenzo

Young on page 407, Edward Young on page 423, Brigham Young on page 423.

PIONEER WOMEN OF UTAh.

In volume twenty-six—Thos. B.

Marsh on page 359, David W. Patten on page 406, Heber C.

Kimball on page 455, Orson Hyde on page 742, William E.

McLellin on page 807, Parley P.

Pratt on page 822, Luke Johnson on page 834.

In volume tiventy-seven—William Smith on page 7, Orson Pratt on page 23, John F. Boynton on page 102, Lyman E. Johnson on page 102, John E.

Page on page 103, Willard Richards on page 118, Wilford Woodruff on page 167, George A.

Smith on page 406, Lyman Wight on page 455, Amasa Lyman on page 487, and is continued until the 553rd page, on which the published history of President Brigham Young closes.

The history of Brigham Young was first published in the Deseret News, commencing on page 369 of Vol.

7, No.

47, for January 27th, 1858, and closing on page 122 of Vol. 8, No. 28, for September 15th, 1858, and was copied from the News into the Star.

Persons wishing to furnish friends with a synopsis of the history of Joseph Smith, will find a very excellent one, commencing on the sixty-fifth page of the twenty-seventh volume of the Star, which was copied from the Deseret News of August 6th, 1862, which was a reprint from the News ofSeptember 5th, 1855, and was compiled by Historian George A..Smith.

F. D. Richards, Church Historian and General Church Recorder.

PIONEER. WOMEN OF UTAH.

The thoughts and feelings of the Pioneers on that memorable morning, as their wagons emerged from the rugged mountain gorge and halted on the narrow plateau, or "bench"overlooking the valley, were of a various and conflicting character.

Aside from its scenic beauty and sublimity, which still remain unrivaled, it was a picture of loneliness and desolation which met their view.

Mountains towering to the skies, encircling in their giant clasp a barren valley, baked and blistering in the sun.

A wilderness of sagebrush and sunflowers, of alkaline pools and saleratus beds, of sterile rocks and burning sands, where chirped the cricket, crept the panting lizard and crawled the rattlesnake.

A briny lake, a turbid river, a few fresh crystal streams;

but no fields, no forests, no meadows, there was scarcely a green thing visible.

"The very place!"exclaimed President

Young, as with prophetic eye he scanned the picture, taking in at a glance, not only the glorious panorama spread out before him,—the contrasted splendors of mountain, valley, lake and stream, burning and glittering in the summer sunlight;

not only the barren valley, where loneliness and desolation held sway;

but likewise the sublime possibilities of the future, which prayerful faith and patient toil would assuredly unfold.

And many, perhaps most of the Pioneers, saw eye to eye with their leader; but not all.

"Alas, and must we live and die in such a place!"was the despairing sentiment of some, as they gazed upon the dreary scene, and tenderly and tearfully thought—as thought Israel on Egypt in the wilderness—of the beautiful and beloved homes they had left behind.

Even the emotions of our three heroines ran in different channels.

Clara was the most stoical.

She had left Winter Quarters with regret, and only to honor her husband's request had consented to forsake the social comforts and enjoyments there afforded, to undertake a journey the perils and hardships of which were foreseen to be many, but the end whereof none knew.

Now that it was attained, however, and the word had gone forth that this was their journey's goal, she was content, and shared with her noble husband in the view that here was the very spot reserved by the God of Israel, whereon his exiled Saints, plundered and driven from their possessions, might plant their pilgrim feet, and, as their martyred Prophet had predicted, "become

PIONEER WOMEN. OF UTAH.

a mighty people in the midst ofthe Rocky

Mountains."Harriet, her mother, on the contrary, at first was sorely disappointed.

All during the journey across the plains, notwithstanding her feeble health, through sickness, danger and toil, her faith had never failed, her courage never faltered, nor from her lips had there escaped a murmur.

She had manifested, as had her two pioneer sisters, the heroism and patience of a veritable Saint.

But now, as her gaze encountered and was repelled by that barren and lonely prospect, and she felt beneath her feet the parched and burning soil, her heart sank within her, and she was almost ready to burst into tears at the thought of passing the remainder of her days amid such desolate surroundings.

"Lorenzo,"said she to her spouse, "we have traveled fifteen hundred miles over prairies, deserts, and mountains, but, feeble as I am, I would rather go a thousand miles farther than stay in such a place as this."

Ellen Kimball shared in Harriet's feelings, and being subject, as before said, to melancholly moods, for a time was wellnigh disconsolate.

Will "Moccasin Mac"and other worthies—or unworthies, as the case may be—who, for reasons best known to themselves, have sought to depreciate the toils and sacrifices of Utah's early settlers, explain why such emotions should have been excited at beholding what they so glowingly describe as being, even then, "a fertile"and all but "fruitful field?"The Pioneers first camped upon a branch of City Creek,—at least, that was

Lorenzo Young's encampment,—running southward near the spot where the Methodist Church now stands. Soon afterward, however, owing to his wife's feeble condition, he sought a more elevated and healthy site on the north branch of the creek, camping near a scrub-oak—one of the few trees then to be seen in the valley—standing on what is known as the "Whitney Corner."Hither the whole camp soon came also, and in that neighborhood the Temple Block was laid out, and President Young, Apostle Kimball and others settled and built permanent homes.

Prior to so doing, however, they lived—Harriet, Clara, Ellen, and their husbands, with the entire colony, in the stockade known as the "Old Fort,"which they constructed in August, the month after their arrival, dwelling there for several seasons as a precaution against hostile and marauding Indians.

This fort, constructed of logs and adobes, as were the houses it contained, was situated on the present Sixth Ward square.

Having thus secured their families and friends, and otherwise assisted them to firmly plant their feet in the land which was henceforth to be their home, Presidents Young, Kimball and other leaders, accompanied by some of the Pioneers and members of the Mormon Battalion,—the latter having lately arrived from California,—set out, during the same month, on the return journey to Winter Quarters.

The three Pioneer women remained in the valley.

On September 20th, of that year, Harriet Young gave birth to a son—the first white male child born in Salt Lake Valley, of which we have any record. He was named for his father, Lorenzo Dow Young.

He was a bright little fellow, giving great promise of life and growth, but five months later fell before the sickle of the universal reaper.

His birth inspired Zion's poetess, Eliza R.

Snow, after her arrival here in October, to indite some tender and prophetic verses in honor of this "the first Prince of the Valley."The residue of Uncle Lorenzo's family arrived from Winter Quarters on the fourth day of October.

From that time, until the first scanty harvest was reaped,

Harriet and her little ones subsisted upon rations of four ounces of flour per day.

This, with a little milk from their few cows, formed the staple 'of the family diet until harvest-time.

Long before that came, however, their flour was exhausted, and they suffered, at times intensely, from lack of sufficient food.

This was but the beginning of sorrows of a similar character, extending at intervals through almost a decade.

In the great famine years of 1848 and 1856, in common with their fellow colonists, they more than once looked star-

PIONEER WOMEN OF UTAH.

vation in the face, and were only saved from death by eating wild roots dug from the ground, or drinking the glue of cooked raw-hides, which, in many instances, had previously formed the roofs of their humble dwellings. At such times, as may well be believed, flour was literally worth its weight in gold, and could not even then be obtained.

It is related that during those days of famine, a party of men, among them one noted for his dry humor, were discussing the situation, giving each other the benefits of their experience with the various materials being utilized as bread-stuffs.

Some expatiated on the merits of the thistle root, the sego, and other wild plants;

some thought bran bread a great luxury, and so forth.

At this point our joker, leaning back in his chair, and clasping his hands behind his head, dryly observed:

"They tell me this here flour is d—d good stuff to make bread of."The roar of laughter that followed told how well the satire was appreciated by those hungry men, to whom such luxuries as flour had long been absolute strangers.

During the month of October, 1847, Harriet's husband sold his house in the fort to Isaac Chase, one of the newly arrived colonists, and, assisted by Briant

Stringham, built another domicile about a mile away, on thesite where now stands the "Bee Hive House."It was the first building erected, outside the fort, in Salt Lake Valley.* Harriet and her family moved into it in the month of December—not, however, without considerable opposition from protesting friends, who feared that they might be massacred by Indians.

But she was willing to "run the risk,"and her husband, in order to satisfy the president of the Stake, Uncle John Smith,—who had reason to believe, that, in case of such a fatality, he would be censured for consenting to their removal pledged his word that if • his family were killed the Stake authorities * The first tree planted in Salt Lake Valley and no doubt in all Utah—still stands in the yard of the Bee Hive House.

It is a locust, and was planted by Harriet P. Young.

should not be held responsible.

Thereupon consent was given, and the family took up their abode in their new domicile.

An incident occurred that winter which must have convinced Sister Harriet and her husband that the fears for their safety entertained by their friends at the fort were not entirely groundless.

It also illustrates the rare presence of mind and innate heroism of this I>r.ive frontierswoman.

It happened t!

is:

One day, while all the household, except herself and her infant child were from home, there came to her door an Indian, a fierce ill-looking fellow, known to be hostile, who, in broken English, demanded "biscuit."

Harriet, generous and hospitable, and no doubt on this occasion a little politic as well, put down her babe, and from her scanty larder gave the intruder two of three small biscuits which it contained.

He took them and asked for the other.

She gave him the remaining one, but still he demanded more More she did not have and so informed the savage, who, nevertheless refused to be satisfied, and putting an arrow to his bow, aimed it at her breast, and emphasized his demand for more "biscuit."Cool and collected—as was her wont in time of danger—the brave woman faced her swarthy foe, and for a moment thought that the last hour for herself and her helpless babe had come.

Not yet.

An idea strikes her.

In the next room, securely tied, is a large dog, a powerful mastiff, procured by her husband, on leaving the fort, from a man named Cherry, in exchange for some provisions, and kept upon the premises for just such emergencies as the danger now threatening.

Making signs to the savage to wait, she goes into that room, ostensibly to obtain what he desires.

Hastily untying the dog, she exclaims to him in commanding tones:

"Take him."No second mandate is needed.

Like lightning the mastiff darts through the doorway, and a shriek of terror, quickly followed by a howl of pain, as the sharp canine teeth meet in the redskin's thigh, and he goes down like a tree before the woodman's axe, tell how well

PIONEER WOMEN OF UTAH.

the faithful brute comprehends his mistress's peril, and the duty required of him in her defense.

In all probability the Indian, prostrate and pleading vociferously for his life, would never again have risen, had not Sister Harriet, in whose noble heart pity for the vanquished wretch at once took the place of the just anger she had momentarily felt, after prudently relieving him of his bow and arrow, called off the dog and set the wounded Lamanite at liberty.

He was badly hurt, an'd cried bitterly.

Sister Harriet magnanimously washed his wound, which bled profusely, and having stanched the flow of blood, and applied a large sticking plaster to the injured part, sent him away a wiser, if not a better and more reasonable Indian.

The settlers of Salt Lake Valley, however, were not much molested by the redskins; perhaps because they were well prepared to defend themselves;

though fierce at times were the fights of the Lamanites among themselves.

They were the "Utes"or "Utahs"—for whom our Territory was subsequently named a branch of the great Shoshone family, subdivided into several tribes.

One of the cruel customs in vogue among the savages, was to kill, if they could not sell, their prisoners of war.

During the winter of 1847-8, several Indian children, captives, were ransomed by settlers at the fort, to save them from being shot or tortured to death by their merciless captors. One of these, a girl, was purchased by Chas. Decker, Clara Young's brother, and being placed in her care, was reared by her to womanhood.

"Sally,"as she was named, was a genuine savage, and it required, at times, all the patience and perseverance that "Aunt Clara"could command, to correct her Indian manners and morals, and instruct her in the ways of civilization.

Nevertheless she succeeded admirably, and "Sally"grew up a neat and accomplished cook and housekeeper;

the peer of any of her white sisters in the faith.

Yes, in the faith;

for this poor Lamanitish maid, under the careful tutelage of her benefactress, her more than mother, became a faithful and devout Latter-day Saint;

an example in most respects to many who, with skins less dark than hers, assuredly had souls no whiter.

From a pure sense of religious duty she married, as a plural wife, Kanosh, a semi-civilized chief, with a view to carrying to his lowly tribe the benefits of the religious teaching and superior domestic training she had received.

But the change from civilization to semi-savagery was too sudden and too great for her, and she soon died—a sacrifice to her pure and exalted sense of duty—sincerely mourned by all who knew her.

This act of benevolence on Sister Clara's part was but one of many such deeds of philanthropy, which, though modestly hidden from view, whenever possible, made her beloved and respected by a wide circle of admiring friends.

She was instinctively a benefactress;

a consoler of the afflicted, a mother to the orphan, "a present help in every time of need."

Of Ellen Kimball, much of a similar character might be said;

though her life here in the valley was not so prolific m notable incidents as the lives of the other twain.

As said, she had a kind and sympathetic heart, and in times of sickness and trouble among her neighbors—it mattered not who or what they were—she was ever ready to lend a helping hand, or speak a tender word, to soothe the sick, or comfort the depressed and the sorrowful.

Like Harriet Young, Ellen, soon after her arrival, was called to mourn the loss of an infant son—her first child, Samuel—who was born in the old fort, and died within a year.

She subsequently dwelt in a home built for her on City Creek, in the Eighteenth Ward;

her husband, after returning from Winter Quarters with the main portion of his family, in September, 1848, taking steps, as soon as it was deemed proper, to settle on the "inheritance"alloted to him in that neighborhood.

Sister Clara also lived at the fort until after the return of President Young, who arrived at the same time as President Kimball, and in due time, she likewise changed her residence.

Harriet's home the Bee Hive site—was purchased by

THE PARABLE OF HAPPINESS.—IT SHALL BE LIGHT.

President Young of his brother Lorenzo, who located his family upon another lot in the vicinity.

Toiling, rejoicing, sorrowing—at times well nigh starving; so wore away, for our pioneer heroines and their fellow colonists, the early years in the Valley.

Orson F.

Whitney.

THE PARABLE OF HAPPINESS.

A rich man's goodly son did go

Afar to find true happiness, He tracked the treasures of the snow;

And Indus tracked.

The stormy stress Of hill-set seas, the peace of palm set plain

He searched and eager searched yet searched in vain.

The hundred battered battle gates

Of Thebes, the storied temple door

Of Delphi, oracle of fates Or sacred shrine, or holy store

Of healing things he saw;

yet day by day Grew care upon him like a mantle gray.

Still had he honors oft and great

For goodly was his heart and keen

His wit and generous his state, And much his eager eyes had seen.

Yet happiress came not; and over all

His ways and days there ever lay a pall.

And he grew fretted; came to feel That fate had hounded him; he said • 'Ah, cursed of God!"His heart grew steel And stone; and bitter grew his bread.

At last outworn, he turned him, with a sigh,

To seek his childhood's home and cheerless die.

And there he sat him, all apart,

A moody, selfish, sullen thing.

Yea, God had given him a heart

Far back.

But he had sought to bring True happiness unto himself alone;

So God instead had given him a stone.

One day a child passed where he sat 'Mid his ancestral wood and moaned,

The barefoot thing did start thereat,

And starting, fell.

He grudging groaned Some selfish word, the while he stooped and bore

The bleeding waif to his own stately door.

And oh, the rising sun he knew

That day, and all his after days?

His pent soul widened till it grew To reach, as reach the dear sun's rays

All things that lay about, before;

Nor wailed he out for happiness once more.

Joaquin Miller.

IT SHALL BE LIGHT.

"But it shall come to pass that at evening time it shall be light."MORNING.

When in the reddening east the hill-top blushes

With dancing tints of day-beams newly-born;

And, glow by glow, the golden sunrise flushes The pearly skies that kiss the breathing morn, Our wakened eyes meet the exultant greeting

Of the fresh day which triumphs over night.

Before its shining face the shadows are retreating:

At morning time it shall be light.

NOON.

From morn till noon the waves of sunlight quicken Unto the fullness of the perfect day

And, with the ripening hours, life's duties thicken:

Toil, toil, do nature's service while we may.

The hours so short;

night cometh;

time is hasting, And labor urges, while our strength is slight.

The noon is here, and precious day is wasting;

At noonday time it shall be light.

EVENING.

From noon till eve, and yet the brightness streameth Along the cloud-rifts of the ruddy west.

From splendor unto splendor how it beameth, As if its parting glories were its best!

Morn and noon passed: the day's faint pulse is low.

The eve has come: the sun drops from our sight.

But look! what means that mystic afterglow?

At evening time it shall be light.

Ah! blessed thought, that, when the darkness closes Over lone hearts and sorrow-laden lives,

When lost are morning buds and noontime roses, And evening's tremulous hope alone survives,

When our strained eyes are into blackness peering, In the fond search for angel faces bright,

There comes the word of promise, rich and cheering.

At evening time it shall be light.

Milton Reed.

FIAMETTA.

Sketch for a Love Tale of the Sierras, by alfred lambourne.

Book the Fourth.—Under the Sunrise.

THE PALE MESSENGER.

Reader, even while penning the lines which opens this tale, the writer felt the chapters of this, its last book, hang dark over his spirit, like a pall.

Filled, as they must be, with the details of most sorrowful scenes—those around the death-bed of

Fiametta, whose sad experience we have followed—they cast their shadows before.

Whatever there was of keenest anguish, of bitterness of heart, in the unexpected crisis that thus came to them—her two lovers, George and Laurence—was it not better for her, at least, that it should be so; that she should pass away and not remain to feel from day to day the sorrow that would have grown upon her?

For how could she have made peace between her desire and her constancy?

Was there not one to whom, though he had offered her release, she belonged by every tie of truth and honor?

And had she not learned, when too late, that in her heart of hearts another than he was enthroned?

What could she have done in those coming days?

Been faithful to her troth and false to all her highest, new-born conceptions of love—that pure and exalted understanding that comes when love is perfect?

Could she have followed its dictates, and yet have been happy, when to have done so she must first have trodden beneath her feet the just claims of one who was faithful?

Did not the messenger, then, at the right moment, reach forth his hand and with inexorable voice bid her come?

The fever, the dreaded coast fever, was the medium through which the work was done.

Fiametta had become a suitable victim for the power of the malady.

She had been weakened, her vitality undermined by the poignant grief which for the past months had preyed upon her, and by her nightly vigils, when she had struggled through the silent hours with her hopeless passion.

And her will, too, which, had a path lain clear before her, she could have followed bravely, though a thousand obstacles and trials beset it, her will, too, in that uncertainty of purpose, did not fight for her.

Yes, during the months that intervened between the day when the tidings of her father's death had been given her, and that one, in which George La Salle had learned the startling truth that Laurence Morton, his rival, was also his half-brother—the child of that beautiful woman whose picture he had sometimes seen in his father's home—she gradually lost that power ot will which might have made her victor over the disease, and given another ending to our tale.

For it was on the day ofWetherilPs and

George's interview with the old man, that Fiametta's illness first developed itself.

And then came its subtle progress, its slow advance, until there came a dawn when the sea lay still, and quiet rested upon the land, and over the eastern mountain tops there came a soft, everincreasing, pearlv light, when, as one that is weary after a day's toil, and to whom rest is sweet, she, for the last time, closed her deep blue eyes, and looked on earth no more.

Perhaps, in some more exalted condition of being, superior to the gross materialism that weighs upon us here, her love may be continued may be continued, and expand from the bud into the perfect flower!

But, be that as it may, for this world it was ended.

She was beyond the pain it brought her, and love could touch with its consuming fire only those brothers so strangely brought together, and so strangely made to be each others'woe.

But before she knew that peace, there were happenings of which we proceed to tell.

As can be imagined, La Salle and Wetherill were all excitement over the revelation that had been made to them by the occupant of the the solitary dwelling.

There could be no mistake in th

4io FIAMETTA.

correctness of their conclusions.

Laurence's history, so far as he himself knew of it, was quite familiar to Wetherill, for, as we know, there had been, heretofore, no secret between them.

And George, too, knew that the old man's tale was the counterpart of that one which had been related to him time and again.

No, there could be no mistake, the father of George La Salle was also the father of him who now bore another name, and had been mourned as dead in years gone by.

But how was it that he, George, had not realized what it was in Laurence's face that had stirred him like a strain from some half-forgotten song.

For he had been so impressed though he had not traced the impression to its source.

As they urged their horses forward through the dusk, along the piece of road they had passed over a few days before on the return from the beach, the minds of the two men were busy, agitated by what the future had in store.

For a mile or two of their ride the men talked freely, for there was so much in the great surprise that they had received that made them speak unreservedly together.

But after that they both grew somewhat silent.

It was impossible for Wetherill not to have seen and surmised more of how matters then stood between

George and his promised bride;

and what the newly discovered knowledge would result in, it seemed impossible to foresee. He had been deeply moved, even at the beginning, by the unfortunate affair of his friend; how would this finale affect him?

And in George's brain a whirl of thoughts kept him silent.

His brother?

It seemed like a dream.

And he had hated him yes, hated him, when the passion had boiled within him, when he had heard from Fiametta's own lips, that her love for him was estranged.

Now he could but think of that bond of friendship that had sprung into existence when he had first beheld him, lying pale on the rough litter by the shores of Tahoe it would not be set aside, and came back stronger than ever.

And his father, too, he must be told at once.

The child of his youth was to be given back to him as from the grave.

The child whom he believed to have slept those long, past years by his mother's side, amid the shadows of those wild Black Hills, was to be presented before him, a man.

And he, the father, in his gray-haired old age, was to see once more in the dark eyes, the raven hair, and the pale, proud face, the dead wife looking upon him, as it were, through the son.

But his lost love, that was the fiery thought that came back to George again and again, burning into his heart and his brain Why this torturing complicity had come, he could not understand.

The stream ofhis life had changed; no longer it ran through open meadows, bright with sunshine, but had entered beneath the shadows of savage woods, dark with gloom.

What was it be tter he should do? What could he do with such a warfare raging in his bosom?

Could he do now as he had intended to do only a couple of days before—leave Fiametta in the care of the friends she had found, whilst he returned to the east. This is what he had intended to do—leave her to question her heart, apart from him and his pleadings, so that if she then still found him king therein he could return and claim her; that was certainly what he ougLt to do.

But if he did so, what of Laurence?

Should he go to him as a brother ought and offer to him his hand;

or should he wait until Wetherill had told him all;

wait for the actions of Laurence?

Was not that the best course to pursue?

And thus, as they passed through the dusk, George was swayed by contending emotions and all the while his hope grew more vague and dim, as that far off light that was fading out of the sky, along the sea horizon.

At the villa gate they were met by Mr.

Vincent, who came forward to address them before they had dismounted. There was something in the tone of his voice that told the men all was not well; indeed, he had most unwelcome news.

Fiametta was quite ill.

It was really alarming; the symptoms were such as made it necessary

FfAMETTA.

to summon medical attention at once. He was sorry, however, that they could obtain no one just then but of very indifferent skill; he was much concerned.

11.

WAITING.

It was midway between five and six weeks after the date of our last chapter;

the season, of course, was the latter part of summer, and the hour was that when the lights are being lit in that southern clime. Upon the porch of the San Ysedro

Villa was a group of men—Mr. Vincent,

George La Salle, the old occupant of the hut at the "Rincon,"whose name, by the way, was Owen Griffiths, and the portly form of Doctor Warrington who had been summoned lately from San Francisco to the bedside of Fiametta.

From time to time the eyes of the men were turned to the north-west where the

Coast Stage Road came over a low swell of hill.

There was just light enough remaining out of doors for one to have distinguished the anxious expression upon the faces of the men, and when they spoke it was in a low tone, almost a whisper, as though they feared to make the slightest noise.

.George, in his nervous agitation, strode rapidly, though noiselessly, to and fro.

An arrival was expected by that evening's coach;

momentarily they expected to see the lumbering vehicle come over the hill crest.

Father and son had met the father, whose name the son had not known, and the son restored at the eleventh hour And it was they who were expected.

The coach was overdue;

it should have been there before sundown, and that hour, as we have seen, was already past.

Suddenly the rattling of wheels and the beating of horses'hoofs upon the hard road could be heard, and then the dark outlines of the coach loomed in sight.

The doctor passed quietly into the house:

George stood watching the approaching vehicle, like a statue.

Let us recall the situation.

George had not departed from Santa

Barbara.

The sudden illness of Fiametta had changed his course.

His half-formed resolves, made as he rode along the beach, were scattered to the winds.

Come what would he could do no other than remain by his affianced.

The sudden danger that threatened her made him think of her alone.

His noble and generous qualities were brought forth.

If there had been the slightest unfairness about the manner in which he had won the girl, he amply atoned for it.

Perhaps another than he would have made no allowance, even when it was revealed to him, but would have heaped bitter reproach upon her.

Nor had his gentleness been lost.

Fiametta fully realized how much she was indebted to him.

Indebted for a forbearance that had lessened indeed, to a great extent, the humiliation and agony of spirit she had been undergoing.

During the first days of her illness Mercy had told her of the strange discovery, that George and Laurence were brothers.

And then she had sent for George, and asked that he tell it her himself, and then when the story was ended, faintly smiling and with eyes filled with tears, she had wished that they might ever be friends and meet each other with brotherly love.

And then George had pursued a course as follows:

First he had telegraphed to his father.

Told him that he had made a discovery of a startling nature; what it was, he half hid and half revealed.

The name ot Owen Griffiths, the recluse, he mentioned, and he intimated that man's ability to prove that the y child believed to be dead was yet living.

It also stated that Fiametta was dangerously ill, and but for that he would have been even then on his return to the east.

Would he come at once and learn the truth lor himself?

or would he prefer that he (George) should follow the thread to the end, and acquaint him with the result?

He awaited an answer.

Two days later came the assurance that Mr. La Salle would proceed westward without delay.

And to this George sent answer that should Fiametta be so far recovered as to be out of danger, he himself would meet him at San Francisco, if not, a friend of

F1AMETTA.

his—Mr. Wetherill, already spoken of would be there to receive him; but before that period he would find telegramsawaiting him upon the road. They would doubtless contain later developments.

And then he penned a letter to his brother Laurence (for by the name of Laurence we shall call him to the end of the story).

He told at length the history of his father's early life, the tragedy among the wilds of the Black Hills, the death of his wife and supposed death of his child;

and then the subsequent wanderings until he was again in the east;

to this he added the story of the old recluse, but in brief, for this would be told to him by Wetherill, who was to bear the letter; and then he told his own astonishment when Wetherill had claimed that the rescued child could be none other than himself, Laurence Morton. He acquainted him with the fact that he had already telegraphed to his father, that the telegram had been answered, that Mr. La Salle was on his way to the west.

But he himself could not come at present, but must remain at Santa Barbara; that he extended to him the hand of a brother.

These things he said, but not one word of the tempest of cruel jealousy and undefined dread of the future that raged in his breast.

These he understood now were partly shared by his new-found brother.

This letter was taken by Wetherill;

when a few days after the sails of the Narcissus were spread to the breeze and it sped swiftly away to the northward, in.

A MEETING.

So George stood there in the dusk watching, like a statue, the approaching coach.

As it neared the villa gateway (the Stage Road passed directly by it) he was torn by conflicting emotions.

He longed at one moment to take with brotherly love the hand of one who, even when unknown and at first sight, had inspired in him something more than mere friendship;

at the next his heart seemed encased in ice;

at another the consuming fire of jealousy burned within him; and he was a prey to bitter despair—almost hatred.

But his last feeling was transient as bitter; there was little room for it in his manly breast.

And in spite of all, the gentle\ and loving words in which Laurence had answered his letter would make themselves felt;

yes, make themselves felt in spite of that torturing flood that half smothered him.

And then that other—that dreadful thought—from which there was no escape, that haunted his waking and his sleeping hours; that filled the house like an awful though invisible presence; what was even the serpent pang of jealousy compared to that?

For many days those questions had been whirling in his brain throbbing through his pulse beats, and sounding in his ears with the mournful cadences of a funeral bell—must she be taken away?

Were they powerless to save her?

Must she go, and that be the end?

For days past Fiametta's life had been despaired of;

it hung in the balance.

Doctor Warrington, the skillful and kindly physician of the Vincents, would give no hope, "it was useless,"he said, "to flatter them with hope that might be dashed to the ground.

Another more powerful than he would have to decide the struggle."Yet all that could be done by skill and attention he was doing.

Oh, it was maddening to George—their helplessness.

To watch the slow, insidious advance of the foe whose fell blow they could not parry.

Go where he would, one image was always before him—Fiametta upon her bed of pain.

In the garden, in the library, upon the mission path, when he walked there in a hopeless endeavor to calm his mind, he could see her face; her pale, thin face with the great, blue, troublefilled eyes;

the red, parted lips, and the cloud of golden hair, shimmering upon the white pillow, as though the rays of a golden sunset rested there.

So the answer to his questionings was devoid of hope.

At intervals he had received telegrams from his father; the last one dated from San Francisco, the second one from that place.

It was in reply to that which he had sent stating how impossible it was for

FIAME TTA.

him to leave his affianced; the critical condition in which she was, and in which he begged that he, his father, would pardon his not coming, and asking that Wetherill act in his stead.

This had been done; and, as we have told, father and son had met; then together they had started for Santa Barbara, and the coach that bore them had appeared in sight.

Thus it was that George stood there in the dusk, with cheeks that alternately flushed and paled.

The coach neared the villa—was at the gate.

Mr. Vincent, as host, stepped forward.

George was at his side.

A tall, gray-headed, distinguished appearing gentleman descended the coach steps.

The father.

He was followed by another with black eyes and raven hair, and almost as pale as when George had seen him first, lying as one dead, stretched upon the litter.

His brother.

So they met again—George and Laurence, but with a barrier between them, and in each others eyes they read each others pain.

IV.

PEACE.

"We watched her breathing through the night,

Her breathing soft and low, As in her breast the wave of life

Kept heaving to and fro.""The flower that smiles to-day

To-morrow dies:

All that we wish to stay Tempts and then flies.

What is this world's delight?

Lightning that mocks the night,

Brief even as bright."At length the fiery ordeal came—the time, the hour, when the crisis was reached.

Fiametta, they knew, must awake from that heavy sleep to look into the smiling eyes of the angel of life, or to feel the touch of him, the dark-robed one of death.

It was night; the fervid night of summer in the south.

All nature was still;

still with that intensity of stillness, when it seems in a deathful trance.

The house of the Vincents seemed to float, like an island, in a languid sea of perfume brought forth by the heat of the past day from the garden flowers, and which, as yet, no breeze had dissipated.

Through the open casements black masses ol motionless foliage could be seen, and the

Santa Ynez mountains, a vast wall ot ebony, shutting in the valley from the rest of the world.

Overhead in the indigo sky hung the myriad stars burning in golden splendor.

Motionless, Fiametta lay upon the bed.

Neither sigh nor moan escaped from her lips.

So softly then came her breath that the tiniest feather laid at those crimson portals would scarcely have stirred.

The lamp of her life burned low.

Soon it must be replenished or it must flicker and expire.

Doctor Warrington sat by the bedside watching for the slightest change.

So in that silent room they waited, in fear, the dawn.

They had been dreadful—the days and nights of the weeks just past.

With hearts wrung with grief the friends ot Fiametta had listened to the girl's low moanings and her half whispered words.

At first, when the nights of delirium came, she had been again at Lake Tahoe.

Her father's name fell often from her lips.

Sometimes she seemed with George walking by the Fallen Leaf stream, whilst he gathered armfulls of flowers for her, asters and blood-red columbines.

Then she was upon the star-lit waters of the lake, gliding toward the Emerald Bay, or among the pictures in the cabin of Mad Dick—the hermit.

Then those scenes seemed blotted out of her memory, and she was among those of her childhood.

The palmetto and the magnolia trees were around her, or she stood by the "teche"with its yellow lilies, or beneath trees festooned with the trumpet flower, and among whose branches the mock-bird shook forth its notes; or she clapped her hands to fright the tall heron, and see it trail heavily across the bright water with his slowbeating wings.

Then Mercy was with her there, and George, and Laurence, too.

She showed

FIAMETTA.

them loved spots—a great ferny bank at the end of the path;

a smooth, grassy plot surrounded by myrtles, and in the centre her mother's grave; and the arbor overgrown with fragrant jasmine, where once they played together.

Then another change came to her thoughts, when she sobbed and moaned and her words were pitieous indeed;

for her father was dead and they told her his awful end.

And, "no, not dead, not dead, do not say dead,"she pleaded again and again, until the listeners, seeing the wasted face and appealing eyes, felt the words sear their hearts like molten lead.

And then came that stage of the delirium when it tortures its victims with awful fantasies.

Fiametta was again in the south but no longer to find pleasure amid its beautiful scenes, but to sink beneath a weary weight of trouble.

Her dead father's spirit seemed to guide the way.

He glided over soft carpets of flowers, but beneath her feet they changed to burning ashes.

And always before her there arose a terrible hill, over which she must cross;

though it grew ever higher and higher, and her strength became less and less.

Though her friends walked beside her, not one could lend a helping hand: unaided she must toil up the steep ascent.

Flint-like rocks with their sharp edges cut her weary feet;

but, fainting, she must labor on and on.

With infinite pity in his gaze her lover would hold forth his hand, but she could not grasp it.

Far away, where the height seemed to join with the clouds, Laurence would sometimes stand looking down upon her;

and then she would gather courage, but only for a moment, for at the next he would be gone, and in his place there stood a figure a vague, undefined figure that filled her with dread.

And so, day after day, and hour after hour, her strength was sapped away.

Then the night of profound rest, of dreamless peace—the night to be followed by a tell-tale dawn.

Not one of the household had retired to rest.

Doctor Warrington's verdict had made them watchers.

Down in the library the men were assembled;

sleep would not come to their eyes whilst, in that room upstairs, that sleeper lay, gliding they knew not whither.

All in the house was still.

The men spoke seldom, and when they did it was of some trifling, commonplace thing; they shunned to reveal their thoughts.

Each tick of the clock seemed a warning that ere another a summons might come.

Mr. La Salle, the father, sat in a huge arm chair.

His eyes were closed, though at times he opened them slowly to look upon his sons—George, who with head bowed upon the table before him, remained immovable—and Laurence whose eyes shone with an unnatural lustre, and upon whose cheek burned a feverish glow, walking slowly up and down the apartment, never changing his pace, though at times he would pause a moment before the open casement looking out upon the garden.

From the bottom of his heart the stately old gentleman grieved for George, though of the extent of his sorrow, he did not know, nor of the consuming anguish in the bosom of the other, he little dreamed.

Doctor Mason's death had come upon him with painful force.

So sudden, so unexpected.

His grief had been intense.

The men had been closest friends for many years.

He had known Fiametta as a child, she and her mother before her.

It had been quite as much his wish that Fiametta should be united to his son, as it had been that of Doctor Mason. With unfeigned pleasure he had learned the fact that it was to be so, both in the written words of George, and in the outspoken ones of his old time friend.

But by the rapidity and nature of late events, however, all seemed changed;

first the terrible tidings of Doctor Mason's death, then the marvelous restoring to him of his son, then the meeting with the old recluse, which brought back so vividly a page of the far-off times, and now this fear that hung over them, like a pall; Fiametta, his George's betrothed, walking the edge of that shadowy vale that lies between the living and the dead.

FIAMETTA.

That placid routine in which for many years past his life had moved, was startlingly interrupted.

He had not, under the stress of circumstances, been given an opportunity to enjoy the company of Laurence;

no, nor to understand him even.

The melancholy, brooding moods which he observed in him, he attributed to the present distressing time, so full of suspense and fear.

The lack of intercourse, of confidences, between the brothers he attributed to the same cause.

The changing of a loved friend into a brother (George had written of his attachment to

Laurence from Tahoe) could not be expected to give much consolation to a lover at such a critical time.

What to him are all other concerns of this world;

of what importance indeed, when his heart's mistress lies envied of death, and that insatiate foe throws wide the doors of the tomb?

So it was that the father, watching his sons, guessed not the truth.

But of this mind-reading we have now little more to do; a couple of paragraphs or so, perhaps, looking into the inmost thoughts of the young men themselves, and then we will pass on to that scene, which, in reality, brings an end to our tale.

We have set for ourselves, however a difficult task.

In the whirl of emotions which beset them, perhaps they themselves could, hardly distinguish that inmost voice, yet it made itself heard, as the dull roar of some vast, distant cataract, vibrates upon the ear, through the splashing and lesser plunging of a river at our feet.

A lover, it is said, has no pity for the sufferings of a rival.

Exactly in proportion to his own passion, and the tortures he receives from its hopes and fears, is his apathy to those of another, when that other seeks the affections of the one that he himself loves.

There is not a more cruel animal than the jealous man.

In him whatever there is of pity and compassion is consumed for himself alone.

The anguish of a rival touches no chord of mercy—there he is pitiless.

For other lovers—their sorrows or trials—the lover—the successful one, has never ending compassion.

He is keenly alive for such:

he suffers with their woes, hopes with their hopes fears with their fears; but in rivalry all this is reversed only in the discomfiture of the rival does he rejoice.

He feels no ray of sympathy for his opponent's crushed hope.

It is not a generous warfare, but one bitter, relentless; not only the opposing of body to body, will to will, but it is also that more subtle opposition of soul to soul.

The participants feel that the strife ends not here, their antipathy, must necessarily last, so they sense, whilst individuality even of spirit shall endure.

In a certain way this feeling was experienced by George and Laurence.

It arose within them, acrid as the waters ol Marah.

To the gloom of the hour it added a blacker shadow.

Around that fair garden of friendship which had grown in George's heart, it spread a vast desert of sand upon which blazed always a sun of maddening heat, where dwelt thoughts, it were better that he should shun, to be feared, as the old Anchorites feared the evil councilors in the bleak, stony wastes around their lonely cells.

But, thank heaven, for their sakes, there was a garden; even if surrounded as an oasis, which the fiery sun could not blight, nor the scorching sands encroach upon; nor whose cooling spring, welling forth ever pure and sparkling, could be dried up by the hot, searching winds.

In spite of all, that sudden friendship, which sprang to (life when George looked down upon his wounded brother, remained with him still—

a blessed dew, falling upon his seared and throbbing breast.

In nowise could he hate his brother, that living spring; the knowledge that Laurence had been led, all unthinking into the vortex of passion, which he could see had engulfed him, forbade it, in tones imperative.

We cannot hate where we are bound to esteem.

Only between them was that adamantine wall.

So, with palms pressed to his aching temples, with infinite longings, with the

FIAMETTA.

fair structure, built of hope and love, crumbling away before him, yet true, kind, just, magnanimous, even in that black hour, George La Salle, waited, knowing that one by one the last precious, golden moments of Fhmetta's life, were swiftly passing by.

And what of Laurence?

How fared it with him?

He had not learned, he did not know, of what had passed between Fiametta and George.

Happily the estrangement was unrevealed to him.

He believed his sad passion was a secret locked up within his bosom, unknown to all, even to her.

And there he must keep it, whilst life lasted, letting it glow and burn within his heart's core, fire kindled of the spirit) which neither the chilling sapience of old age, nor time could extinguish—a torture now, but in the future—what?

For the rest, the present was around him like a stagnant marsh—a marsh black beneath drifting night mists, or fitfully aglare from the lurid tongues of lightning.

So he alone in his thoughts paced back and forth, not knowing that she, for whom quivered that absorbing flame, returned his love in kind; that confessions of it had fallen from her lips; and that now it was of her spirit a part;

a portion of that which was Fiametta, coexistent therewith, whether that be for time or for the endless cycles of eternity.

Our mind reading is done;

all that remains to tell is of happenings; and these are few.

It seems that our task is almost ended.

With her white, thin hands lying idly upon the white coverlet of the bed; with her blue eyes open, and in them weariness infinite, but infinite peace, also; with her red, full lips, parted in a smile, a smile as of one awakened from a pleasant sleep, but with drowsiness still upon her, and that yet must slumber more; with her golden hair around her, like the halo of a saint, Fiametta lay.

All those long, long days, those seemingly endless nights, with their tossings, their moanings, seemed quite unknown; no memory of their images to cloud her parting moments.

Only the present she seemed to realize, and that all peace—a sweet, dreamy ease, through which all that was painful in the memory of past days seemed to loose its force, and all that gladdened with a soothing calm, as the white wings of a dove, hovered over her.

Nature was kind so far, the mental anguish, the bodily pain had ended thus—ineffable repose, a delicious languor; a truce, as it wqre, with the agents of death;

a respite, in which she could speak low words of farewell, and listen to those in return.

For her a sweet lingering at the gateway of the dark valley;

for those that stood beside her, moments whose remembered anguish would have in it consolation; a sun-ray of light; and for one, in after years, even till the tall form should stoop, the raven locks turn gray, ecstatic joy;

faint, far-heard chords of seraphic music beatific sounds, breathing softly their tender message.

The star that had arisen to shine, undimmed, above earthly mists; soul speaking to soul; and perfect love answering to that which called from out the infinite.

Fiametta knew that she must die.

She awoke to a consciousness that earth's days for her were ended; but the knowledge brought no pain.

She seemed all willing to sink to rest, as serene, as trustful, as a tired child upon its mother's breast.

The moments of parting had come.

Good Doctor Warrington had stepped back from the bedside, there was no more that he could do. The faithful practitioner had labored hard, but the victory was given to one older and more skilled than he.

At his side stood Mr. La Salle.

His eyes filled with tears as he gazed sadly upon the dying girl.

He could hardly realize that his dear friend's child was following her father so soon.

His hand passed, again and again, across his brow, trembling from his suppressed emotion.

Fiametta's voice was faint and low; her whispered words came with a scarcely audible sound.

Fast fell the women's tears;

Mercy knelt pale and trembling, at her sister's side.

FIAMETTA.

"Good bye,"said the gentle voice, "good bye; O do not cry so hard, dear sister.

What should I have done without you?

You have been so kind to me.

You will think of me sometimes, when you are happy; for I know you will be, I could read it in your sweet face that evening as we came back from the beach. He will love you so much, and you must love as much in return; and, dear sister, when your wedding day shall come, you must think that Fiametta is there and wishes you, O, so much joy, and tell him, your future husband, that I wish him joy, too.

He must always be kind and gentle with you.

Tell him that one that loved you dearly, because you were so good and loving with her, blessed him for it with her dying breath. And, Mercy, sweet sister, when I shall lie cold and still, will you not place one of those blood-red blossoms in my hand, but you must place a lily there, too, and if, in after years, you stand by my grave, you must remember most those happy hours we passed by the lake;

for I do not wish my memory to come to you as a sorrow, but always as a part of your love's first dream.

"You will promise that to me, won't you?"Mercy's thick sobs filled the room; she bent over and kissed the white, thin hands, that she held in her own.

"And you, dear mother, for I shall call you by that name once more, how can I thank you enough?

It was so generous of you, to take a poor girl in distress to your heart.

There are two, I know, whose blessings you must feel from that other land.

Perhaps, when I am there, we will speak together of your goodness, for surely it would not be as heaven if we forgot our love for those that are here."And her voice sank away, until the words fell faint, as though they came from some far-distant star.

And then, when after a pause she could speak again:

"You must not grieve too long for me,

George.

Listen to my words again.

Someone will make you happy yet: some sweet girl you will meet; O, I love her whoever she may be, for you deserve it so much.

And for my sake you will do as you promised.

Kiss me farewell, and say that it shall be so; but I know that you will, you are so noble and true.""And your father, we must think of him, too; there must be no shadow to darken his coming days.

You will be dear companions, you and your new-found brother;

all will be well.

"Let me lie back now;

I shall soon be gone.

Rest is so sweet.

Is that the song of a bird that I hear?

How its voice trembles with delight; and the perfume of the flowers, too, it seems to bear me away.

Has the morning come?

—"Is that you dear father?

Yes I am ready;

Laurence will take my hand.

How pale he looks;

it was a cruel fall.

Do you think he will die?

Then he would not know how much I have learned to love him;

only, some day—George watches over him still, so tenderly.

When his brother awakes he will

Fainter and fainter grew the voice, then died away.

Peace rested upon the pale, fair face.

Through the open window sounded the rustling of leaves, stirred by the first soft breath of wind; in the eastern sky grew a pearly light, there had come another dawn.

Fiametta was dead.

AFTER MANY DAYS.

This, our last chapter, is likely to be a very brief one, indeed.

What is there to tell in it, really, but what my readers can surmise for themselves?

Certain events follow other events, as a natural sequence.

Men and women are, indeed, played with by fate or circumstance, somewhat as we handle the figures upon a chess board.

Mankind, with their passions, hopes and fears, move as their natures compel them, and then fate, circumstance, destiny, whatever we shall call it, makes its counter-move.

Sometimes the game is a pleasant one, on both sides, seemingly careless, easy the combatants enjoying a social contest.

Sometimes it is impetuous, of feariul earnestness—desperate chances set by the game.

The question of all questions is—are

FIAMETTA.

they carried forward into other spheres of action?

The eternal mysteries of nature, of our being; the unceasing warfare of life with death, forbids an arrogant answer what can we do otherwise than watch and wait?

But we wander from our subject.

Time moved on—immaterial, yet awful, time.

Time that loiters not time that hurries not.

With its passing came the usual vicissitudes of life, to those of our story.

Some of these changes we will tell.

First of the days succeeding Fiametta's death.

Of those but little:

there is scarcely need to dwell upon them.

Why recall those hours of trial?

There has been enough of sorrow in our tale already.

Fiametta was laid to rest upon the Mission Hill.

There is a gentle slope, a sort of second tier, just above the dipping furrow caused by the Mission stream—there her grave was made.

They had thought, at first, of taking her body to place it beside her mother's but this seemed as well to let her go to rest at once, to leave her in that lonely spot, where the flowers bloomed, and the winds of morn and eve made murmur, sighing amid the leaves of the oak and the sycamore.

A sweet, restful, spot, vocal oft-times with the songs of birds.

In March and April the myriad poppies make the hillside aflame with gold, and always the tender forget-me-not looks up from amid the grass, dew-sprinkled, as though with tears.

On the one side the wild, silent height of the Santa Ynez, on the other the outstretched waters of the changeful sea.

There she sleeps in peace.

In course of time a marble shaft, white and pure as the girl's life, marked the place, bearing simply a loving tribute and the name of Fiametta.

Some few weeks elapsed from the day of the burial ere Mr. La Salle returned to the east.

Part of that time he remained a guest at the San Ysedro Villa; ten days, however, being passed with the Mortons at San Francisco.

George accompanied his father, when the time arrived for his departure, Laurence remaining for the time being, with his foster parents.

At a later period he came to his father's house, a stately mansion in New York City.

He had begun a long series of wanderings.

This was, however, when the worthy couple, who had watched over him so tenderly in youth, and who depended so much upon him in old age, had passed from earth their great fortune he inherited for they would have it so; to the last he was "their boy,"Is it necessary to say that Wetherill and Mercy were married, that their wedded life was a happy one, or that it seemed to grow more so as the years sped by Wetherill carved out for himself an enviable position in life.

He held many offices of honor and importance in the state.

Mercy carried her age and beauty well.

She was as bright and vivacious as ever, when her only daughter, was as tall as she.

Her two sons, Charlie and George, inherit the frank, audacious ways of their father.

George La Salle, as Fiametta had foretold, found at length one who made him happy.

His grief for his first love was long and sincere.

When that other one came to take her place, he was not the hopeful, sanguine man, looking on the bright side of life, that he had once been. A thoughtful, serious expression was habitual to his lace.

The dweller at the solitary hut lives on.

A very old man now, but vigorous.

Mr.

La Salle would gladly have placed him beyond the necessity of his hermit life, but he refused all aid.

Confirmed in his philosophical ways of life he cared not to make a change.

He had long possessed some little knowledge of medicine, and to this he added by a careful study of the plants around him.

He grew noted, in the locality of his home, as a healer of the sick.

Another paragraph or two and our tale is ended.

One evening, as he returned to his hut,

PjONEER sketches.

from visiting a patient, beyond the Mission hill, he looked on this sight—in the peaceful hour, infinite calm resting upon land and main; the waters of the distant channel lying still, and the mountain tops touched faintly with the rose-gold stain of twilight; at the harbor pier a vessel which had arrived that day, immovable with unfurled sails; the upland slope, where they had made Fiametta's grave, cool in dewy shadow;

and, hanging o'er the western isles, the star of eve, burning as a silver lamp.

The old man paused, seating himself for a moment's rest, so suiting to the time and place.

Over the hill-brow, just beyond, were the Mission towers, half hidden amid the trees.

The notes of the bell had but that instant ceased floating away across hill and valley,and along the winding coast. A gentle breeze began to creep forth from the Mission Glen, bending the tall grass at the old man's side, and bringing with it a sound as of falling water.

The heart of the recluse was full, and thoughts of the past began to crowd upon him; musing he sat, while deeper fell the evening shadows round

Then he arose to go, becoming aware of something which had escaped his sight before.

A man stood there—at the shaft by Fiametta's grave; a man tall and graceful, though it seemed that his hair was marked with gray.

He must have been there when the old man came, for no one had gone up the path.

Silent he stood, motionless as the shaft beside him, and his gaze was far away, across the placid waters, where burned the silver star.

The recluse moved on.

As he trod the path leading from the mission fountain to the foot of the hill, the stranger overtook him.

He seemed lost in thought and his step was rapid.

Ere the recluse had recalled to memory the face, the man was gone.

It was Laurence Morton.

[the end.] PIONEER SKETCHES.

A LEAP FOR LIFE OR DEATH.

It was in the spring of 1851 that the writer, residing in the newly established settlement of Parowan—or Little Salt Lake as it was commonly styled—conceived the idea of ascending a mountain peak not far away to view the surrounding country.

Such an enterprise had always been to him a delight, but in the trip of which we now speak he narrowly missed a tragic termirfetion.

Young and thoughtless, he took no water with him upon this expedition, and, after a toilsome climb of about five miles up a long mountain ridge, over jutting rocks and rugged cliffs, found himself at length on the summit, triumphant and delighted, but perspiring at every pore and suffering much with thirst, which was greatly aggravated by breathing through his open mouth as he toiled and panted up the weary ascent.

Later on he learned the importance of keeping the mouth closed under such circumstances, thereby preventing its becoming so dry and parched.

When deprived of water, a man can do without it three times as long, if he will breathe only through the nose, keep his mouth shut, and abstain from talking

But here he was—upon a high mountain very thirsty—and no water within miles.

And now a ridiculous thing occurred.

Looking about for something green and succulent to chew, thus to dampen his mouth, he espied a cactus—one of the flat-lobed variety common in Utah. Here was something juicy He cut and peeled a lobe and ate a portion, but the last mouthful nauseated him—he wished to vomit.

But that was not so easy.

The masticated cactus came up into his throat and mouth, but would come no further.

In vain he tried to spit it out.

Catching it in his fingers he tried to throw it away, but as with the necromancer, who draws yard after yard of ribbon from his

PIONEER SKETCHES.

mouth, so it was with him and the swallowed cactus, which had become in his stomach a solid mass ofmucilage.

Frantically he used both hands in extracting the slimy string from his throat, which it tickled and nauseated almost beyond endurance, and at length it was all out.

Sitting down upon a stone he laughed heartily at the ridiculous figure he must have presented to a spectator, had one been present; but luckily, as he then felt, he was alone, with no one to laugh at him.

For a while he enjoyed the grand but desolate view, extending from Mount Baldy in the distant north to the dim ranges in the west and south, with the newly planted fort at his feet, and the Little Salt Lake eight or ten miles distant—the very embodiment of desolation, as it lay stagnant and sullen, surrounded by marshy shores of glistening white salt in which no plant can live.

But the day waned and he must descend.

To avoid the long, roundabout route by which he had reached the summit, the thought occurred that it would be better to take a short cut directly down the mountain side.

So he entered a slight ravine, whose rocky bottom, bare of all vegetation, would afford an easy pathway.

Swiftly he descended, every few yards jumping down rocky steps of a few feet, pleased to see how quickly he was reaching the foot of the mountain.

By this time the little gulch had grown to be quite a deep one, with walls upon each side too high and too steep to be climbed.

His downward leaps, too, became more frequent and of greater depth—but this was well—he would sooner reach the bottom.

At length a drop of nine or ten feet landed him upon a shelf or rocky platform about ten feet broad, shut in on each side by high perpendicular walls.

Advancing towards the edge he was horrified to see that his next drop—if he chose to make it—would be into a fearful abyss.

It was a sheer descent of over a hundred feet.

Of course he would go back a little, and take another route.

Turning back to the rock he had only now descended, he tried to climb it, but to his dismay he could not.

Although but a few feet higher than his head, the face ot the rock was very smooth and had no angles or projections by the aid of which he might ascend.

For a long while he strove desperately to climb the rock;

he took off his shoes hoping that his bare feet might give him sufficient hold upon the rock to make his way.

In vain:

his utmost endeavors raised him not more than one or two feet—then down he slid.

Still he continued, trying first one place and then another, but all to no purpose.

Must he die here, when it seemed as if he could almost grasp the top by an upward spring, and, once upon its top, be safe?

It seemed past belief—but it was true It was impossible to return; and as he began more fully to realize his predicament and evident inability to escape, who may realize his feelings?

He knew he was where no man had ever been and lived to tell the story; he was where no one would ever think to look for him; he was where a call for help could be heard by no living soul Only the ravens that slowly circled above his head, seemed to be concerned in his future fate.

He lay flat upon the rock and crawled carefully forward to look below, but a momentary glance filled him with dread no words can tell.

Instinctively he shrank backward, trembling as with an ague.

Again he looked down; rough, ragged rocks were there, and must be his lonely bed until the resurrection morn! A large pine tree stood in the canon below, a little distance from the foot of the precipice upon whose side he hung so high in air, but its feathery top was far below his level—full twenty-five or thirty feet.

Of all this he assured himself by several trembling downward glances, for he could endure the sight only for a moment. What must he do?

Can he do anything?

Must he die a lingering death by starvation upon the little ledge where now he lies or shall he end all by a plunge to the cruel rocks below, that uplift their jagged arms as if impatient to receive him?

How wondrous is human thought! With what lightning speed ma}'thought fly

PJOAEER SKETCHES.

through the mind It has been said that in the few moments passed in drowning, a man's whole life—even trivial things will pass before his mental vision;

and that what he thinks in a minute would require hours in the telling.

So now a thousand thoughts flashed through his mind.

Suppose he were tojump—could he then be sure of instant death He might be crushed and mangled, and still live for a time in torment—perhaps be torn by wild beasts while still alive; he might—oh! numberless were the horrid thoughts that surged tempestuously through his brain.

His friends, his orphaned sisters far away, waiting for years in vain for tidings from their only brother But he must be cool—he must think; in this dire strait he needs the use of every faculty, and he must be calm.

While he was upon the mountain summit, being fond of sketching, he had made a hasty view of the scenery spread about him the fort, the lake, and the distant mountain ranges.

He bethought him of this, and proceeded to sketch the view before him.

It was indeed a scene worthy the pencil of a better artist—of a master. The canon, several hundred feet in depth, was walled upon its further side by a precipice along whose front stood a row of mighty monolithic columns, each more than a hundred feet in height, the spaces between, worn and seamed and hollowed out by the frosts and tempests of untold centuries.

Thus they stood mighty and majestic, as if hewn by Titanic hands—sentries guarding the portals to the dark abode of gnomes and vengeful spirits of the mountains.

In spite of his desperate case he could not repress a feeling of rapturous awe as he looked upon a scene ofsuch surpassing grandeur, and for a time lost a sense of his imminent danger as he drew his little sketch.

Probably an hour was thus occupied in making his drawing which his wife—then to him unknown—still treasures as a sacred memento.

His whole attention had been given to the work, and when done, his mind was clear and calm as to day it is, after the lapse of so many years.

Carefully he considered his position, and plainly saw he must do one of two things—climb the rock behind him, or face a fearful death.

Again, with an energy born of despair, he sought to reach the ledge above him, which seemed so near and yet so far—so infinitely far above his upstretched hands.

In vain! and most unwillingly he admitted the fearful truth.

Three alternatives were now presented:

—to die where he was of starvation;

to throw himselfupon the rocks below, and so end all, quickly and surely; and attempt to leap into the top of the pine which stood so far below, with almost a certainty of heing impaled or torn in pieces upon its unyielding branches, and thus to meet a fearful lingering death.

But could he leap far enough out to reach the tree?

Another trembling downward glance made him doubt.

The pine stood so far from the precipice, it seemed that should he do his best he could only brush the o«tward tips of its branches in his swift descent, and fall at last upon the hungry, waiting rocks.

Reader, think what it is to be compelled to choose the time and manner of your death—a fearful, cruel death at best.

Alone! not a friend to say good-bye as you leave this bright world, to enter that one, so mysterious—so unknown We have been taught something concerning it: we have a faith, a belief, but as to a positive knowledge—who has gained it?

Who has visited that unknown clime and returned again to tell us its secrets?

To know these things, we must ourselves experience the change.

How all these thoughts and many more sped through his mind But he must decide, and quickly, too.

If he hesitate too long, hunger and thirst will so weaken him that he cannot make the desperate leap, even should he bring his courage to the point;

if he must—oh, what dread significance does that word must sometimes possess!—the sooner the better.

If he miss the tree top it is but death after all; and death comes to all sooner or later.

What matters it, if it come to-day or to-morrow or a year hence?

Besides, he may reach the tree in safety; he may be able to seize a limb

PIONEER SKETCHES.

But if he does, can he hold to it with grasp powerful enough to assist his descent, falling so far as he must, and so swiftly?

No matter; he must With nerves at highest tension he plants himself at the base of his fatal rock to get as much run as possible only four £teps at best.

He starts, but at the third step the bottom of the abyss appears in view, and upon the instant his knees lose all their strength, and he is scarcely able to totter back to the rock to compose himself.

Let not the reader think him easily shaken or hysterical.

Not so.

From his boyhood he was accustomed to being in dangerous positions, nor was he ever subject to dizziness, but never before had he been in so fearful a position as this.

Since that day he has many times faced death, sometimes when he felt assured that each breath would be his last.

But then he had company; there was excitement, as with a soldier in battle who falls and scarcely knows he his struck.

But it must be!

He must leap, even should it be into eternity—and again he essays it—but in vain!

When that dreadful depth comes in view his strength leaves him in spite of his will.

He could not help it.

Then when all hope seemed fled did his guardian angel come to his aid, breathing faith to his sinking soul and renewing his hope.

He remembered a prediction upon his head, made long before by a silvery haired old man a prediction as yet unfulfilled.

He remembered, too, the promise in the holy scriptures—"Ask and ye shall receive."

Faith, though weak and timid, sprung up in his heart and quickly grew into a living power. He knelt and asked for strength to make the leap for strength to leap out far enough to reach the tree-top; and that he might be able to seize a limb and stay his fall.

The Father in His mercy heard his prayer.

He rose to make a last attempt.

And now, as he rushed at the dizzy brink, his sinews seemed of steel—his limbs full of strength—all fear and weakness fled.

He shot far out into the empty air—an immense leap—and swiftly descending fell into the centre of the pine How it all happened he never knew, for in his downward flight he was for the time unconscious of motion, perception, or of trying to see or grasp at anything but suddenly he realized that he was safe!

He found himself holding with each hand a separate limb with a grasp like that of death.

Not a scratch nor a bruise upon him—not a rent in his clothing!

Was not this verily a miracle?

He so esteemed it then, and all these years have not changed his belief.

Some will say there are no miracles that what we term miracles are simply the result of natural or spiritual forces whose laws are to us unknown.

What matter?

Nothing can alter the belief of the writer that in this case a power higher than that of mortality gave strength for the prodigious leap, and courage to his soul guided his curving pathway in mid air to a spot of safety; directed his hands to and gave him hold of those unseen branches of the pine, and strength to retain his hold and stay his swift descent.

In a word he believes the God of heaven heard and answered his prayer.

Why should He not to-day as ages ago? Has He changed?

Is He to-day less merciful than when Daniel besought His aid, or the multitudes of ancient saints in their afflictions?

Faith and reason answer—No!

It was easy to descend the tree limb by limb until the lowest was reached, and to drop from that about twenty feet to the ground—the blessed, friendly ground, no longer hungering for a sacrifice.

Safe!

safe!

How feeble are words in expressing the deeper emotions of the soul! We instinctively recognize this in such cases by silence—the eloquent sealing ofour lips.

Before again starting homeward he carefully estimated as well as he could the height of his rocky shelf above the bottom of the canon.

The pine was a large one—full four feet in diameter, and was at least a hundred and twenty or thirty feet in height.

This he judged by the length of trees of smilar size cut by lumbermen near the mills this, added to the thirty feet between its top and the rocky shelf, would give a distance of a hundred and fifty feet; and this he believes nearly correct.

EFFECT OF WEAL TH ON MORALS.

To follow the canon to the plain was an easy matter, and he arrived at the fort sometime after dark, much to the relief of his friends to whom his unwonted absence had been cause for alarm But he did not then, nor until long after, tell any one of this thrilling experience.

His matter-of-fact comrades, accustomed to peril themselves, would have laughed at him and called him a fool for getting into such a scrape; and although his judgment might acknowledge it, his vanity would rebel.

To young men, the even tenor of whose life has never brought them into situations so trying, let me say; do not scoff at prayer, nor doubt the overruling power of our Heavenly Father, who is as able and willing to hear the prayer of faith and humility now as in ages past.

If you have not this faith, labor for it until you receive it—this precious gift of God—

a blessing, a pearl beyond all price.

He who speaks to you, hearing the end of this mortality, knows whereof he speaks.

Santiago.

EFFECT OF WEALTH ON MORALS.

We live in a day of money-getting.

Whether we glance at the dreaming youth, just beginning to build the mindcastles that shall soon materialize into stately structures of reality, or at the more aged man, emerging from the fickle dreamland of youth, their object is the same—money, wealth.

To maintain that their is time to train, to think, to develop physical or mental powers that will lead in any other direction than the low practical, is to argue against the prevailing custom of the age.

There is no time for this.

"How to win a fortune,"is a theme that attracts the immediate admiration of the wondering, surging multitude;

when, "How to win character''elicits but the feeble applause of the simple few.

Andrew Carnagie, himself a prince among money-getters, recently promulgated the doctrine that there is only little value in a knowledge of Plato and Cicero.

He thinks it better for a young man to know how much a dollar is worth and how to invest it so that it will bring two, than how to scan Virgil or work out the problems in higher mathematics.

And the young men are following him.

Clear the way, "Get place and wealth, if possible with grace,

Knot, by any means, get wealth and place."

Take care that you keep ahead in mind and body, for God pity the man that falls behind The most prolific novelist of our century, Anthony

Trollope, whose literary works we owe, in a great measure, to his invaluable habit of early rising, pictures truthfully the humanity of the age, when he says "'To him that hath shall be given, and from him that hath not shall be taken even that which he hath.'This is the special text that we delight to follow, and success is the god that we delight to worship.

'Ah, pity me I have struggled and fallen—struggled so manfully, yet fallen so utterly—help me up this time that I may push forward again.'Who listens to such a plea as this?

'Do you want bread?''Not bread but a kind heart and a kind hand.''My friend, I#can not stay by you;

I myself am in a hurry; there is that fiend of a rival there even now gaining a step on me.

I beg your pardon, but I will put my foot on your shoulder only for one moment.'"

So on he goes, the race is to the strong and the swift, and those who are not strong and swift must stand aside or be used as stepping stones for the more fortunate whose utilitarian notions must be carried to the bitter end.

In viewing the conditions that surround us, the question under consideration may apply to our own homes among the Rockies, no less than to the nation in which we live.

What is the effect of wealth on the morals of a people?

To clearly comprehend the scope of the inquiry let us understand what is meant by wealth.

Some of its synonymous terms

4 24 EFFECT OF WEAL TH ON MORALS.

are riches, opulence, affluence, abundance.

It can not be taken to mean prosperity.

It is more than prosperity.

A people may have plenty for their welfare, i.

e., be prosperous, and still not be wealthy.

Wealth is an accumulation of surplus capital, and arises out of labor or industry having been exercised—not always by the possessor of the wealth.

It is not necessary to our purpose to enter into any extended argument as to how it is produced, or the causes that produce capital or wealth where apparently no labor has been performed.

Let it suffice to say that the moment a surplus is accumulated by a person, over and above what is necessary to properly provide for his every welfare, including bodily and mental requirements, it becomes wealth.

The moment accumulated capital becomes so large that its owner may depend upon it for his luxurious support without effort on his part, in which his mind and body may find proper and healthful exercise, it is wealth.

A community is wealthy when their accumulated surplus not only supports them without labor on their part, but commands labor from others whose circumstances have prevented them from storing capital.

Now let us look at the meaning ofmorals.

As to the definition of morals or ethics there is a variety of opinions.

It may be properly asked, says one writer, what is the criterion of a moral act, or in other words what is the moral standard?

It can not be said that we judge of a moral act by any intuitive faculty, neither do we recognize the difference in action by any ordinary faculty of our natures such as reason, or by the emotional susceptibilities, as hate and love.

Different nations have different moral codes; and they differ to such an extent that in comparison they are frequently entirely contrary to each other.

It is true that there are no principles of moral law universally received among men.

Locke urged that moral rules require a reason to be given for them, which ought not to be the case if they were innate;

that virtue is generally approved of because it is profitable and not because it is born in mankind.

Notwithstanding some maintain that there is an instinct in man which at once approves the right and disapproves the wrong, and that each man's conscience is his moral guide, it can plainly be seen that conscience is but a creature of education, and consequently that if each man's conscience were his moral guide, the variety of moral codes would be as great as the numerical strength of mankind.

If we look at the motives that have prompted the establishment of moral codes in the different nations of the earth, we find that they have been dictated by two distinct kinds.

The one is utility as it applies to men living in societies and governments together.

Whatever principles have seemed to conduce to the best welfare and happiness of such communities have been enacted into laws and have become the standard of morals for them.

The protection of life and property has thus become one of the moral rules of all civilized communities, because of the necessity existing for the welfare of all.

But in nearly all nations there have been prohibitions in morals that were not connected with public usefulness, but which arose from strong personal likes or dislikes which finally acquired the force of law and were made the foundation of compulsory enactments.

The asceticism of the ancients abounded in doctrines of this kind.

Among this class is the antipathy of the

Jew and Mohammedan to the pig, the repugnance of the Hindoo to animal food generally, and the many ceremonial usages prevailing among the various nations, which areas stringently enforced by law and public opinion as the generally recognized principles of protection to life and property.

A woman among the Musulmans would be committing a grave offense by exposing her face, and among the natives of some countries where the climate is warm it is considered no shame to have little or no covering.

In some things, we see then, the public sentiment determines what is right and what is wrong without particular reference to the public good or private utility.

It was considered a sacred obligation with the Greeks to drink wine in honor of Bacchus, while the Nazerenes among the Jews and the Mohammedans entertained different

EFFECT OF WEAL TH ON MORALS.

views.

Looking at the peculiar notions that«have come to be the moral guide of nations from sentimental or ascetic fancies,it may well be doubted whether the human race can ever gain anything by departing from the purely utilitarian principle as the criterion of good morality.

Justice, truth, purity are not sentimental fancies nor abstract ideas, but are more and more being regarded in the practice of men as a means which have for their end. the promotion of human happiness.

To prove further that, morals are not suggested by a universal intuitive instinct in the human mind, we need only trace the historical origin of the moral laws now in existence.

Thus we know that the Mohammedan code of morals came from

Mohammed.

Confucius was the moral legislator of a large portion of the

Chinese, and many of the doctrines of the Christian Church were inculcated by Papal authority, among which may be mentioned the irrevocability of the marriage covenant, which is yet believed in among Catholics, while Protestants have repealed it.

Notwithstanding that this view denies the doctrine of intuitive morality, it is not denied by its advocates that conscience is a great force warning us to do right and preventing us from following the wrong, but is an educated agent whose force with us is founded on the knowledge we have received from others, or the knowledge we have received from our own experience, which in our judgment has contributed the greatest measure of peace and happiness to us.

So may the moral laws be discovered by man's reason, but practically nearly all laws of a moral nature have been revealed from a divine source.

Jesus Christ revealed a code of morals which to this day has not been superceded and which covers the ground and has become the foundation of all moral codes in lands where the Christian faith is known.

It is as simple and grand as was the life of its author, being embraced in the words, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

This is the first great commandment, and the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.

On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets."In the further consideration of this subject, this is the code of morals that we shall take for our guide.

By their observance all about us must become happy, which is the substance of all we seek and the desire of all our hearts.

Having shown that wealth is surplus capital, and that the code of morals that should guide our actions are founded on the love of God and the happifiAfcn of our fellow beings, the question before us resolves itself into this form:

What effect has a surplus of worldly goods upon our actions to God, who is love, truth and justice, and to our treatment of our fellow men, and to our own welfare and happiness?

It can be proven conclusively, in examples from history of the past, that wealth has often caused man to forget his God, disregard the noblest traits of character, and has allured him to place upon his fellow man the heavy shackles of oppression.

Dr. Johnson pertinently remarks

Wealth heaped on wealth nor truth nor safety buys, The dangers gather as the treasures rise.

One of the glaring examples that shine out to us with a lustrous warning light is the history of Rome.

Wealth which brought about in her lustrous train a long line of splendors, affected also the morals of the people, brought idleness for thrift, and was the cause of her ruin.

Take up any writing and its pages teem with proofs of this, culled from the history of this mighty empire.

I make a brief synopsis from Lord in his lecture on Marcus Aurelius We are told that in the days of the greatest glory of Rome there was a magnificent, material civilization which promised to be eternal.

There was a centralization of power in the eternal city such as had never been seen before and has never been seen since—a solid empire so large that the Mediterranean, which it enclosed, was a mere central Lake, around the vast circuit of whose shores were temples, and palaces, and villas of unspeakable beauty, and where a busy population pursued unmolested its

EFFECT OF WEAL TH OS MORALS.

various trades.

There was commerce on every river emptying into this vast basin.

There were magnificent roads between all the great cities, an uninterrupted highway mostly paved from York to Jerusalem.

The productions of the east were consumed in the west, for ships whitened the sea, bearing their precious gems and ivory, and spices and perfumes, and silken fabrics, and carpets and costly vessels of gold and silver, and variegated marbles and all the provinces *A an empire which extended one trWnsand five hnndred miles from north to south and three thousand from east to west were dotted with great cities.

The island of Rhodes had twenty-three thousand statues, and Antioch had a street four miles in length with double colonnades throughout its whole extent;

the library of Alexandria numbered seven hundred thousand volumes.

The proud metropolis measured eleven miles in diameter, and had a circumference of forty-five miles, with a population larger than London.

It had seventeen thousand palaces, thirty theatres, nine thousand baths and eleven amphitheatres, one of which seated eighty-seven thousand spectators.

The gilding of the capitol roof cost over fifteen million dollars.

There were costly gold and silver vessels in every palace, unspeakably rich dresses decorated the women who supped at tables of solid silver, whose very sandals were ornamented with precious stones, and whose necks were hung with priceless pearls and rubies and diamonds.

The sculptures were innumerable and grand, and more than a million dollars were paid for a single picture for the imperial bed-chamber.

The government was well administered;

the Romans spread their laws and language everywhere, and so perfect was the mechanism of the government that the people were scarcely affected by the character of the emperors.

Such was the material prosperity of Rome, a prosperity to which Gibbon ascribed the highest happiness which the world has ever enjoyed.

But amid and by all this wealth the morals of the people were destroyed, and underneath the splendor and magnificence of this material surface festered the rottenness of luxury, pride, sensuality, selfishness, irreligion and worldliness, affecting all classes and producing vices too horrible to be even named which slowly but surely undermined the morals of the people, thus preparing for violence and ruin.

Now what shall be our judgment as to this period?

Mr. Lord further assures us, and his testimony is corroborated by all who have written on the subject, that with this outward peace and prosperity were idleness, luxury, gambling, dissipation, extravagance, and looseness of morals.

It was besides the age of scandalous monopolies, and disproportionate fortunes, and abandonment to the pleasures of sense.

The central spring of society was money.

No dignitary was respected for his office, only for the salary or gains which the office brought.

Scholars, poets and philosophers, what few there were, pined in attics; slavery prospered, and women were pfcfligate and uneducated.

There were no public charities if anything were given the poor it was to prevent revolts, and not out of charity the people had indeed forgotten to love their neighbors as themselves.

The two thousand people, who owned at last through such a system of wealth, the civilized world spent their fortunes in demoralizing it.

What if their palaces were grand, their villas beautiful their dress magnificent, their furniture costly, if their lives, as we have reason to know, were spent in ignoble and enervating pleasure What religion existed among the people was degrading by reason of its superstition—it was rather cynicism and atheism. The glories of the execution of their jurisprudence is illustrated in the case of Paul—a harmless deciple of truth—who was dragged before their courts and made a prisoner on mere technicalities.

Judgments were rendered in favor of those who had the longest purse; and their laws—good in themselves, so much so that they are still studied and adopted for their political wisdom—were made the channels of extortion.

The occupation of the bench itself was the great instrument by which powerful men pro-

TOIL

ON, POOR SOUL.

tected their monopolies.

The glory o their art was prostituted to please the lower tastes and to inflame the passions, the most costly pictures were disgracefully indecent.

There was not in all the land a manly protest against the increasing vices of society.

There was, owing to the inaction caused by wealth, a marked decay in all branches of knowledge, except in that knowledge which could be utilized for making money.

These are a few of the evils which coexisted with the boasted prosperity of the empire.

Need we ask what was the effect of wealth on this society?

There was no charity, no compassion, no tenderness; no poor man could go to law, no genius was encouraged except for utilitarian ends.

There was nothing considered except external glories which appealed to the senses alone.

The moral law was forgotten, and like grim shadows on the horizon, which even the dazzling splendors of her wealth could not penetrate, hung the inevitable consequences of its violation Everything which is of real value and truly precious was lost in the senseless grasp after wealth.

The morals of the people were destroyed, and they valued only those things which are "empty, rotten and trifling."It is unnecessary to dwell upon the destruction which followed.

When it became necessary to defend the city there were no defenders, and it fell, "because no one belonged to it,"as Guizot says.

"What is now to be seen,"cried he, "but slaughter, ruin—the universal shipwreck of society?"

Its brilliant external civilization was yet so feeble in all its boasted strength as to be unable to resist decay and ruin.

So the great empire passed into the hands of German barbarians who were strong workers, healthy, and in their way moral. We must conclude that wealth was the cause of the decline in virtue and public morality, and these in turn brought about the humiliating fall of the greatest and grandest civilization of the ancients.

Is it necessary to quote other examples?

If so we might show the causes which exterminated the civilization of Babylon,

Tyre, Carthage, Antioch, Alexandria, Athens, and other cities, not forgetting Egypt and Jerusalem.

I think it could be clearly shown that wealth brought about the moral decay, and that in turn was the cause of the growth of selfishness, vanity, and sin, which doomed the nations to decline and fall.

If necessary I think also that individuals, who stand out in the light of history, might be selected whose lives would prove that wealth and luxury have affected them for no good purpose.

Few indeed have been able to pass through the world as moral examples whose surroundings have savored of luxury and wealth Few wealthy have loved the Lord with all their heart, might, mind, and strength, and their neighbors as themselves.

Few have remembered the vanity of human grandeur.

There is great danger in our own country in the centralization of wealth, and few can look upon the history of Rome and not see in it a striking similarity to the New York of our day.

It is a mockery to go ihere and teach, "Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even unto them."The remedy will be discussed in another chapter.

Edzvard H. Anderson.

TOIL ON, POOR SOUL.

"The sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared to the glory that shall be revealed in us."O'er barren plains and up the hill sides steep, Long thro'devious paths my feet have trod, Yearning for the glorious mercy seat

Of rest, within the city of our God.

Along my way lie flowers crushed and dead,

And on life's reefing rocks, hopes shattered lie.

Like meteor's, bright visions all have fled,

And for the promised rest beyond I sigh;

My feet are worn and weary with the march,

Thro dreaded cold, thro'dust and, scorching heat, My garments, travel-stained and worn,

THE MORRISITE

WAR.- With daily toil for perishable meat;

Hedged in by briers and cruel thorns about,

Where poisoned shafts were flying round my way, Beneath the sharp and gleaming sword of doubt.

I've searched with prayer, for truth's unclouded ray:

My eyes are weary, and my heart is sore,

My hands are weary too, and fain would rest;

Lay by earth's toiled-stained garments evermore, Clothed in robes of Christ's own lighteous.

ness.

Beyond the misty heights are pastures green,

Where crystal waters ever gently glide,

The weary there shall rest, renewed, serene,

And in his presence evermore abide.

Toil on poor soul, in patience for thy rest,

There is a glory that shall be revealed,

A glorious city, home of the loved and blest,

Where tears are wiped away, and wounds are healed.

L. M. Heiulings, "THE MORRISITE WAR.'For a few minutes after the firing of the cannon that worked so much disaster in the bowery, there was silence among the posse.

In the meantime the Morrisites rushed to their houses, secured their arms, and opened a scattering fire on their besiegers.

General Burton, now fully informed of the intentions of Morris and his followers, gave orders for the disposition of his troops.

Before separating he cautioned his men to avoid the shedding of blood, but to allow none to escape beyond the lines.

Major Egan, with a force of nearly one hundred men, was sent around to the east side of the fort, and Major Cunningham, with an equal force, to the west side.

These officers were under instructions to keep an eye on the north side, that nearest the river, which, however, the commander thought to need but little care on account of the swollen condition of the stream.

Other troops remained in the vicinity of the point from which the cannon was fired, south of the objective point.

The place was soon very well invested.

A number who attempted to escape were captured without bloodshed, while a number of others, men, women, and children, under the offer of protection contained in the Marshal's proclamation, sought shelter within the lines of the attacking force.

From these persons and others who were interviewed by General Burton, it was learned that the people had no disposition to surrender.

He was informed that they expected to be relieved in some miraculous manner, and that Morris had announced a revelation some days before, in which he represented the Lord as promising to strike the enemies of His people dead, three miles away from the fort, if they came up against them.

On Friday, the first day of the siege, Major Ross, commanding the infantry in Cunningham's detachment, was ordered to take position near an old Spanish wall, forming a good breastwork near the mouth of the west lane.

On his way he encountered a severe fire from the houses on the west side of the fort.

Jared Smith, one of Major Ross's men, was shot and instantly killed.

The squad, however, reached the wall and maintained its position until nightfall, when a sufficient guard was left to maintain the position.

In the meantime, Major Egan's men were encountering resistance on the east side, and were considerably impeded by miry ground.

Friday evening, General Burton, with a view to getting advice and wishing to be relieved as much as possible from the delicate duties and responsibilities of the expedition, dispatched a courier to ActingGovernor Fuller, at Salt Lake City, with a written account of his procedure thus far, and alluding to the resistance encountered, and the rfjeath of one of his men.

The next day he received the following reply:

Executive Department, Utah, Great Salt Lake City, June 14th, 1862.

Colonel R.

T. Burton, Deputy Territorial Marshal, U.

T.

Sir—The shedding of blood in resistance to

THE MORRISITE WAR."civil authority renders execution of the law imperative.

The service of the writs submitted to you is expected at your hands, and you have been empowered to call to your aid a sufficient force for the purpose.

Let your acts be tempered with mercy;

but see that the laws are vindicated.

Frank Fuller, Acting-Governor.

Saturday, the 14th, it rained nearly all day, and there was little or no change in the situation of affairs.

There was occasional firing but no casualties.

On that day Messrs. Forscutt and Eardley, and several others, came out of the fort and surrendered to the deputy marshal.

Sunday morning, the third day of the siege, the Morrisites opened fire at four o'clock.

Major Egan, on the east, was somewhat too fearless to suit his commander, who saw that he was approaching a number of ccmcealed rifle pits, and was ordered to proceed with more caution.

Considerable resistance was encountered on the west side from several houses, whose walls were pierced with holes, through which the inmates kept up an annoying fire.

Night was coming on and General Burton was somewhat at a loss how to proceed safely to capture the town.

He had already spent three days in the effort, and decided to cut the matter short by more energetic movements, now fully persuaded of the determination of the beseiged to resist to the end.

He therefore ordered a charge upon one of the troublesome buildings, on the west side of the fort.

Seventeen men under Lieutenant James Lewis, volunteered to make the attempt.

They safely covered the intervening ground and upon reaching the house found it locked and empty There was difficulty in effecting an entrance, and during the time thus occupied they were under fire from commanding houses.

The door was finally broken in, but not until one of the attacking party had met his death from a bullet, that passed through his brain as he was crossing the threshold of the door.

When in possession of the house the party did effective work. With the objectof silencing the fire from these same troublesome houses, the commanding officer resorted to a device, which has often done service in warfare and which was called into requisition at Provo in the Indian war of 1849-50, A movable barricade was constructed of wagon wheels, supporting a shield of willows and planks, which, when completed, was manned by twelve men, six to move the machine and as many more to maintain the firing as it moved forward.

The immediate result of these energetic movements, conveying to the beseiged the certain information that the Posse intended to execute its orders to the letter, despite active resistance, was the appearance of a white flag in the west lane, carried by a man named Brown.

Upon the appearance of this signal the firing ceased as had previously been ordered.

General Burton, who was near by, rode up and in answer to Brown's inquires as to the terms of surrender, informed him that they were unconditional of all men under arms, and that if the surrender was in good faith, he should expect the Morrisites to stack their arms in a conspicuous place in the center of the fort.

The messenger returned to the fort, and immediately thereafter men under arms began to stack their arms as directed, in an open space a few rods northeast from the schoolhouse, which was situated some severat rods to the westward of the centre of the enclosure.

It was then seven o'clock in the evening, there was considerable yet to do while daylight lasted, and so General

Burton, without waiting to secure the presence of more men, started rapidly into the fort with Robert Golding and Judson Stoddard, who were acting on his staff, and Mark Croxall, then a boy of seventeen, the bugler.

As he passed the movable shield, he ordered the men who were manning it to follow him, of whom six immediately responded.

After proceeding a short distance he sent Golding back to call in a few more men.

Proceeding along the west lane the General entered the enclosure, and passed around the north and east sides of the schoolhouse to the front of the Morrisites, who were grouped in a semi-circle, extending in a northeasterly and southwesterly direction, a few rods southeast of the schoolhouse.

Morrisite men were still

43Q THE MOPR /SITE WAR.

casting their arms upon the pile, which was immediately guarded by a few of the men who accompanied the General into the fort;

several others followed him down to the vicinity of the Morrisite group, while others stood around the schoolhouse.

As soon as the General reined up his horse, about ten feet from the line, Parsons stepped out and asked what was wanted.

The former replied that he came there with a writ for the arrest of Joseph Morris, Richard Cook, John Banks, Peter Klemguard, and John

Parsons, but that now he felt it to be his duty to take all men bearing arms in resistance to the law.

He was asked what would be done with them if they did surrender, to which he replied that he could not tell, the law would determine.

Then some one asked the privilege for Morris to speak to the people.

The reply was, "Yes, if he will be brief and say nothing to cause -urther resistance."

Morris stepped to the front and turning slightly to the rear raised his hands and exclaimed in a loud voice:

"All who are willing to follow me, through life or death, come on!"The succeeding moment was one of extreme peril.and importance.

Although a score or more of men had followed General Burton and his staff into the fort, only a small per centage of them had placed themselves in position to guard the stack of guns.

The General was confronted by more than one hundred men, while others of the Morrisites were approaching from various parts of the enclosure, with their guns still in their possession.

As the party of the commanding officer passed the open door of the schoolhouse, he caught sight of arms within.

A universal shout answered the appeal of the Morrisite leader; some cried, "To arms!"and others "Aye, aye!"Morris, Banks, and a large number of others, men and women, started towards the schoolhouse.

Wm.

Brown, afterwards sheriff of Weber County, suspecting the intentions of the crowd, ran to the door of the schoolhouse to prevent the capture of the arms that he knew to be there, and the use of the house for hostile purposes.

He was, however, a moment too late, reaching the place with a number of adversaries, one of whom had reached the interior and seized a gun.

Brown wrenched the gun from the man and cleared the house.

Others of the Morrisite group started rapidly in the direction of the stacked arms.

William Blood and William Beesley, of Kaysville, who with others were guarding the surrendered arms, were compelled to resort to force to withstand the advancing crowd; the former raised his gun upon the man farthest in advance, threatening him with instant death if he came further Beesley wrested a gun from another man who broke through the line of guards and seized it.

Further advance in this as well as in other directions was, however, stopped at this juncture by the tragic occurrences at another place in the square.

Dazed for a moment by the suddenness of the uprising, the General hesitated what course to pursue, but his hesitation was only for a moment, for then a full realization of the critical position of himself and his comrades came to him, and he cried loudly to Morris to halt.

The latter did not heed the repeated commands, but continued rapidly onward in the direction of the schoolhouse.

There was much noise and tumult, and the General finding it impossible with his fractious horse to get between Morris and his objective point, shouted to his men, "Stop the prisoners,"at the same time discharging his revolver twice at the retreating form of the prophet. There was other firing simultaneously, eight or ten shots in all having been fired by the General, Judson Stoddard, and perhaps by one or two others.

By this time the members of the posse were running into the fort from all directions.

Great excitement prevailed; many who were inside were preparing to fire, while Major Egan's men on the outside of the fort opened fire.

The General, seeing that the danger was over, rose in his saddle, loudly commanding that the firing should cease.

An inspection of the scene disclosed

FLESH AND BLOOD.

the fact that four persons had been shot, three were killed outright and a fourth was mortally wounded Morris, the leader of the sect, lay dead near the schoolhouse; Banks, his counselor, had fallen seriously wounded somewhat near to that building, while the bodies of two women, Mrs. Bowman and Mrs. Swanee, were stretched lifeless upon the ground near that of their leader.

A score of weeping men and women gathered around the body of their prophet.

With his death all resistance and much of the excitement subsided.

The general separated the Morrisite men from their women and children;

detailed four men to take the bodies of the slain into the schoolhouse, and marched his prisoners to camp near by.

Of the latter there were one hundred and forty, but of these he took to Salt Lake City only those who were enrolled in the Morrisite army; ninety-four in all.

Richard W.

Young.

FLESH AND BLOOD.

We all know what is ordinarily meant by the term "flesh,"yet, common as the word is as a household term, it is rarely used or explained in the school textbooks of physiology.

Many a student has conscientiously conned the pages of his book, which tell him of the structure and uses of bones, muscles and skin, and the action of the organs of digestion, respiration, circulation, and sensation, and yet has acquired no definite idea as to the true nature of the flesh or "meat"of the body.

To gain this desired knowledge let us examine the body of some small animal, such as a rabbit or a fowl, or even the carcass of a larger creature, as a sheep or an ox, examples of which may be found in every butcher shop.

We will discover that the flesh is not a mere structureless and uniform covering for the bones, but that it consists of separate and distinct pieces, some thin and small, not unlike cords, others thick and heavy.

Each of these divisions of the flesh is called a muscle.

The muscles of the human body number about four hundred, and they present a wonderful diversity of form, each being specially adapted to its own particular purpose.

The muscles are the organs of bodily motion; they possess the power of expanding and contracting, thus drawing the bones together, or separating them as the case may be.

Some of the muscles act only under the influence of the will;

such are called voluntary muscles, examples of these may be found in the muscles of the arm, leg and neck; we move these parts only as we desire; we may hold them still at pleasure.

The muscles by which the heart and the lungs are operated are not commonly subject to the will;

we are entirely unconscious of their action; such are called involuntary muscles.

There are hundreds of interesting and'instructive facts regarding these wonderful organs, but it is with the structure ol the muscles, and the appearance of muscular tissue under our magic glass—the microscope—with which we desire now mostly to deal.

If we take a piece of lean meat, immerse it in water, and carefully wash it by rubbing and pressing with the hands, we will obtain a pale, pinkish or purplish mass, distinctly fibrous in structure. A pocket lens will reveal the fibers very plainly;

and a compound microscope properly used, will make clear the additional fact, that each of these fibers is really a bundle of finer ones, held together by a thin membrane.

Each of the larger fibers is technically called a fasciculus, the word meaning a bundle;

the finer fibers are known as fibrils or fibrillar.

The outlines of these fasciculi may be seen through a lens upon the surface of lean meat that has been "cut

Fie.

FLESH AND BLOOD.

across the grain."In figure i the cut end ot a piece of meat is shown, magnified, with the divisions into bundles.

In Figure 2 a single muscular fibre is sketched very highly magnified at a the solid substance of the fibre is seen this is encased in a sheath of fine transparent membrane, which is torn partly loose at b.

This membrane is commonly called the sarcolemma.

The fibrils of voluntary muscles, when magnified, present the appearance of a row of cells, arranged like beads on a string this gives to the fibrils a striped or stri- ** ated appearance.

Figure shows a fibre with the fibrils separated for better illustration.

The striated appearance is very plain.

The tissue of involuntary muscle presents no such striped appearance.

The fibres may be separated, as was done in the preparation from which figure 4 was drawn in each fiber a distinct nucleus is seen, but no cross divisions or transverse markings of any kind are discernible.

Passing in all directions through the flesh of the body, and even penetrating the bones, are numerous tubes of varying sizes, through which the blood courses to and from the heart into its circulation through the sys tern.

We cannot at present pause to speak of the wondrous way in which this circulation of the blood is effected the fluid itself now claims our attention.

If asked to describe blood, most of us would speak of it as a red liquid, when viewed through the microscope, however, a drop of blood appears far different from a simple fluid.

An almost colorless liquid (plasma) is seen, and, floating in it, ar°.

innumerable tiny discs of a yellowish color (corpuscles).

The faint color will be a surprise to the novice, who without doubt will wonder as to the cause of the blood's red color.

It is only when massed in great numbers, as in a quantity of blood that the faintly tinted corpuscles present the deep red color.

The discs of human blood, as seen through a microscope of moderate power is shown at <7, figure 5.

An edge view of these tiny bodies is shown at b.

Each of them is flat;

circular in outline, and slightly hollowed out on either side.

The blood corpuscles o f most warm -blooded animals greatly resemble those of the human body in shape, but differ from them in size; those of birds, and of cold-blooded animals, such as reptiles and fishes, are oval in outline, and each shows a clearly marked central nucleus.

In the figure, c represents in shape and comparative size the red corpuscles of the frog's blood, and at d are seen the very large red corpuscles of the water-newt.

%j® 9 ® I S*) Fig.

5- Because of this difference in shape and size, between the red corpuscles, of human beings and those of certain animals, many persons have claimed that it is possible by miroscopic aid to determine with accuracy as to whether any particular sample of blood is of human or animal origin.

Blood-spots upon the clothing of suspected murderers have been subjected to microscopical examination, and the observers have not hesitated to give deci-

FLESH AND BLOOD

sive testimony as to the origin of the stains.

It would be easy to distinguish between the blood of a reptile or even of a bird, and that of a man; but the highest present attainments of skill in microscopy could not determine with strict accuracy whether a spot on cloth consisted of blood-discs from a human being or from an ox.

If the blood-stain be old, the discs will have become so shrunken and distorted as to render the result still more uncertain.

It is safe to say that the most experienced of microscopists would be the most unwilling to give an unqualified opinion upon such a subject.

A determination of this kind is a matter of extreme difficulty, and many hasty, and utterly unreliable observations have passed for truth.

The red discs of human blood average one thirty-five-hundredth of an inch in diameter, and about one sixteenthousandth of an inch in thickness; that is to say, three thousand five hundred of them placed side by side would extend but an inch, and sixteen thousand of them arranged as in a column would reach but an inch in height.

Doctor Martin says five million of them are contained in one small drop of blood.

When spread in a thin layer, as between two pieces of glass for microscopical examination, the red corpuscles gather themselves in rows, like rolls of coin;

this appearance is illustrated in figure 6.

A very careful observer, with a good instrument, would see distributed here and there, among the red discs before described, other tiny bodies, of a very irregular outline, and almost entirely devoid of color. These are called colorless 6.

corpuscles;

two of sketched in figure at a.

There is but one such to every four hundred red cells.

These colorless corpuscles have the remarkable power of changing their shape;

in fact, they seldom retain the same outline for many seconds.

In this respect they greatly resemble that queer, microscopic creature, the amceba, hence they are said to posthem Fig are sess an amoeboid movement.

Figure shows five sketches of a single colorless blood corpuscle from the human body, as it appeared under the microscope at intervals of from fifteen to twenty seconds.

Fig.

7.

When exposed to the air, blood is known to coagulate or clot.

This strange change is caused by the hardening of the fibrin—a constituent of the plasma,—by which the blood discs are entangled so as to form a plug or clot.

The yellowish liquid which separates as the clot forms, is known as blood-serum.

The advantages of this property of the blood, can scarcely be overestimated.

In the case of a severed vein or artery, the flow is checked by clotting, while the healing of the vessel is in progress.

Did this property not exist in the blood, bleeding could be stopped only by artificial means.

Among birds the clotting of blood is especially rapid.

This feature is of great benefit to these winged creatures, for the intense muscular exertion of flying would cause profuse bleeding from very trivial wounds, were it not for the stopping ot the injured vessels by the blood clots.

In this we see Divine provision even for the accidents to which animals and men are subject.

By the aid of the far-seeing glass, man may explore the depths of sidereal space, and gaze upon worlds that are invisible to unaided eyes; and in such visions of the infinite he may read great and wondrous truths.

Yet he is not compelled to look so far;

for within the muscular fibers of his own body, in a drop of blood drawn from his own veins, he will also find und niable proofs of Divine wisdom, and

Godly love.

The wisdom of man would be overtaxed to decide which declares the greater truths, the moons of distant Jupiter, and Saturn's wondrous ring, or the tiny corpuscles in a speck of blood.

J.

E.

Talmage.

No Christian can live any higher than he looks.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, September, 1890.

RELIGION IN THE HOME.

The home is the basis of society.

It is not only the cradle of the human race, but it is the cradle of its character, the foundation stone upon which the thoughts and acts of mankind are built.

Its improvement should be the aim of all who are interested in the welfare of the race.

No spectacle can be more sad than the godless home.

We view the nation that is without a God, as in a state of approaching dissolution.

Can a home in the same condition be viewed otherwise?

What is there to bind the hearts of home together when God and His word are not believed in by its members?

It has been said that "the Bible is the cement of nations that binds religious hearts together."A belief in God and His promises to His children—the promises that, acted upon, insure a continual stream of inspiration like unto the word of God in the Bible—gives a joy which no amount of worldly prosperity can bring about.

It is a power to lean upon in present trouble, and points with the finger of hope to the future.

To those who are beginning the journey of married life, let us say, begin by building upon the word of God, and as years pass and children come to bless your home, let them be taught to know God, to have faith in Him, to understand His will concerning them, so shall the home be improved, its loved ones be made happy, and the chidlren of men draw nearer to the fountain of all truth.

Faith in God rests upon a personal acquaintance and fellowship with Him, which alone can be formed by the hearthstone.

This faith in one form or another has characterized all great men in the past—the greatest philosophers like Socrates, the greatest poets like Gcethe, the greatest statesmen like Gladstone, the greatest scientists like Isaac Newton.as well as the wisest, the best and the noblest of mankind.

It has led to wonderful deeds, and been the power of strengthening men for the contests of life, where other means would have failed.

If a child can receive no other legacy, by all means implant that faith in him in the home of his youth that will give him a lasting and everenduring knowledge of God, and His desires concerning mankind.

Faith is not an idle thing to be exchanged for the "We do not know"of the agnostic, but rather a precious light, a living hope, that should be kept burning in all minds, and upon the hearthstone of every home.

The announcement comes from the census bureau that the population of the

United States as per the late census will approach sixty-four millions in round numbers.

This is an increase of thirty per cent in the past ten years.

The expenditures for pensions for the year ending June 30, as now officially stated, amounted to $109,357,534.

In the previous year we paid $87,644,779,11, while in the year before that we paid $80,288,508,77.

The cost of the German army, it may be interesting to note, is for this year estimated at $91,726,293.

Besides our pensions, our army costs $-?o,ooo,ooo.

The marriage of explorer Henry M.

Stanley has created as great a stir in the higher circles of England's conservative society as if it had been a royal wedding.

That this Welshman of obscure birth and unknown parentage should have received such marked attention from, and be so eagerly sought after by, the aristocracy ol

Great Britain and other countries, seems to indicate, with great clearness, that snobbery and cadism are becoming un popular at least, if they are not quite dying out in Europe.

Here has the intrepid Stanley, without title or insignia of royalty, been married to Miss Dorathy Tennant, in the old and venerable Westminister Abbey, like a veritable prince of the realm.

Congratulations poured in upon him from every quarter of the globe, and from the people who are the

Lb 7HER AND THE REFORMATION.

makers and leaders of contemporary history.

Gifts of the greatest value were received from the Queen and all of the royal family and the nobility of England.

From many foreign courts, also came gifts of costliness and rarity.

And all of this, mind you, in honor of a man whose origin is shrouded in darkness.

And yet, there are those who say true merit of itself never triumphed greatly.

LUTHER AND THE REFORMATION.* It may safely be affirmed that the two greatest revolutions of all history, judging from the wide extent of their action and the permanent results of their work, are, first, that brought about by the introduction of early Christianity, and, secofid, that effected by the Reformation in the sixteenth century.

In the one we see the vigor of a new faith, emanating from Christ himself, and zealously taught by his disciples and followers, making its way everywhere, undermining and supplanting the worn-out, effete systems of Paganism, and gradually winning its way to the attention and respect of all nations in the other, we see the mighty outpouring of a new life, a gigantic uprising against the corruption and perverted ecclesiasticism of a church, which, while it had once been a great force in the promotion of good in society, had at length grown sordid and lustful in its struggles for temporal power, and, without even a pretense of shame, had long flaunted in the eyes of Christendom the darkest vices and the most flagrant abuses.

And in the onward march of the later movement, we see this same church forced to purge itself of its iniquities, to awake itself from the religious torpor that had fallen upon it, or else, inevitably, to go down into that abyss of oblivion into which had sunk the pagan institutions of the ancient world.

In the early years of the fifteenth century a venerable priest of Prague, a city of

Bohemia, was summoned under the safeconduct of the Emperor Sigismund, to answer before the Council of Constance to certain charges of heresy brought * Delivered before the Salt Lake Lyceum in June, 1890.

against him. Notwithstanding the pledges of safety that had been assured him, he was seized and thrown into prison.

This man was the martyr, John Huss.

Deeply imbued with the doctrines of Wycliffe, the English Reformer, he had loudly proclaimed against the abuses and corruptions of the Roman Church.

This had constituted his deadly sin.

We are told that one night, sitting in his dungeon, a vision came upon him.

He saw, passing before him in imagination, the pictures of Christ he had painted upon the walls of his chapel, effaced by the pope and his bishops.

At this he was sorely distressed.

But the next day he saw many persons engaged in repainting these figures in greater number and in more brilliant colors.

These painters were surrounded by an immense crowd of people, who, when the work had been finished, exclaimed:

"Now let the Pope and bishops come they will never efface them more.

''And great was the rejoicing of the people,"adds Huss, "and I rejoiced with them.""Busy yourself with your defense rather than with your dreams,"replied a friend to him, to whom he had related this vision.

"I am no dreamer,"returned Huss, "but I maintain this for certain, that the image ot Christ will never be effaced.

They have wished to destroy it, but it shall be painted afresh in all hearts by much better preachers than myself.

The nation that loves Christ will rejoice at this.

And I, awaking from the dead, and rising, so to speak, from my grave, shall leap with great joy."A century passed away.

It is now the last day of October, 1517, and to-morrow is the anniversary of the consecration of the Castle Church.

Even now, when

LUTHER AND THE REFORMATION.

the shades of evening begin to settle down upon the little city of Wittenberg, its streets are filled with throngs of people who await, in detached groups, the ringing of the bells for the evening service.

Before the summons come, a simple Augustinian monk, clad in the habit of his order, passes rapidly through the crowds, and makes his way toward the great entrance of the Castle Church.

He nears it and pauses to take a closelywritten document from beneath his cloak, which he nails to the church door.

Martin Luther has proclaimed his famous protest against indulgences It is his trumpet blast against the evil practices of

Rome. That time seen by John Huss in his gloomy dungeon has arrived;

and from the ashes of a martyr's pyre, his spirit may now arise to rejoice in the new light which begins to spread itself over the awakening world.

We must not suppose, however, that the Reformation was ushered in without warning, or without ample preparations.

God does not bring about great revolutions in human society without gradually preparing the way for their successful accomplishment.

All great movements in social, political, and religious life are brought about by long trains of preparatory causes.

So it was with the Reformation Although to superficial eyes it may appear that Luther was the fountain, yet a closer survey will disclose the error of such a view.

From very early times there had been reformers in the church.

The struggles of Waldo, Wycliffe, and Huss, were only evidences of a widespread desire for reform.

But these men came at a time when the world was not prepared for such a work, and the fires they kindled went out almost with their lives.

Still they were the John the Baptises of the Reformation, who preached in the wilderness, and did much to prepare and ripen the times for the advent of a man, like unto Luther, to set with Titanic hand the light of truth before the eyes of all men.

Before entering into a discussion of the

Reformation proper, it will be well, in order that one may derive a clear conception of the bearings of the subject, to notice briefly the process of the growth of abuses in the Catholic Church which had rendered it so necessary that a reform be effected, and also to point out the more important causes which contributed so powerfully to the successful accomplishment of that reform after it was begun by Luther.

There was nothing in the origin of the church at Rome to warrant the assumption of the power which it finally attained.

In its primitive state it was nothing more than an equal among many churches;

its bishop an equal among many bishops.

It is true, however, that St.

Paul had founded it, and that he had given up his life in that city for the sake of his teachings;

it is true, also, that Rome was the centre of the world, to whom bowed kings and potentates, and into whose coffers poured the wealth of nations We are not surprised, therefore, that there arose a certain prestige in being bishop of Rome; but, at first, there was nothing of superiority in this.

Yet the advances of power are always insidious.

Rome soon became better t'lan her neighbors and finally her bishop was universally saluted as pope and lawful successor of St.

Peter, and as a matter of course, the Godordained head and leader of Christendom.

While the popes had thus gradually extended their spiritual dominion over nearly the whole of Europe, they were at the same time striving to become powerful temporal lords.

For many ages, owing to the unfavorable position in which they were placed by virtue of their office and circumstances, they were unable to make much really substantial progress.

But finally, under Gregory vn, a man of great energy and capacity, and one who made everything subservient to the aggrandizement of the papacy, enormous strides were made in this direction.

His dream was to establish a great theocracy, over which the pope was to rule as the representative of Jesus Christ.

In striving to realize this dream, he sought to bind priests, kings, and people, to his throne.

For thus he reasoned: "To God belongs the conquest of the world, and the kingdoms of the earth are but the

LUTHER AND THE REFORMATION.

rightful domain of the Holy See."Under his successors, these principles were wellnigh universally successful; and the kings of Europe became, in very truth, the serfs and tributaries of the Roman pontiff.

Thus we see that from a simple community of brethren the church had grown into a proud and arrogant hierarchy; the pope, from being a simple pastor, had become as God sitting in the temple of God.

All the learning, and sanctity, and spiritual jurisdiction, were centered in the clergy; all the ignorance, and imposition, and tyranny, were heaped upon the people, who bore the burdens and submitted lo the innumerable abuses with a truly heroic blindnesb and submissive trust.

A mitred king was born to the world, before whom the greatest potent- ates were forced to cower.

A mailed priest had erected his throne, and was prepared to hurl his thunderbolts against all who dared to dispute his dominion.

He has received authority from on high to rule; and all kindreds, tongues, and peoples, unite to do him reverence and to acknowledge the rightfulness of his sway.

However we may be inclined to view the usurpation of power by Rome and its clergy, we are forced to confess that it was well for mankind, during the dark ages, that the pope did possess great spiritual power at that time;

for it was then necessary that some powerful restraint be exerted to preserve the chaotic elements of society in something like seeming order.

The Roman hierarchy answered this purpose.

But there came a time when men ceased to be children when, in the nature of events, they began to reach the estate of manhood; when learning was reborn, and printing came to scatter it broadcast over the earth;

when discovery was enlarging the world on every side; when, in short, the old circumscribed life of the middle ages was broadening into the many-sided activity of modern times;

then the old methods and institutions were no longer a blessing to society, but rather, in their effects, a positive evil, and a corroding canker.

It shall now be my purpose to picture some of the abuses that had grown up in the church, and the corruptions of life and manners among the clergy and people these had given rise to.

Whenfirst men began to look to priests and the pope as the bestowers of salvation rather than to God, the flood-gates were at once thrown open for the inpouring of unutterable abuses.

Here was the advantage of ecclesiastics, and the whetstone to insatiate ambition.

Men were taught to pray to saints to gain remission of sins, and. in this wise a species of idolatry was substituted for a pure worship of the one Supreme Father.

A complicated mass of rites and ceremonies was devised for the simple forms of primitive times, and piety became a semblance and a show.

Every species of sin was remitted through an elaborate system of penance, in which outward marks of repentance were the all essential things, the inward purification of the heart of little or no importance.

True religion there was none;

or, if it still existed, banished from the light of day, it sought to conceal itself only in secret hiding-places.

Yet with all the ignorance and superstition of the people, the "priest-ridden world,"as a writer pithily expresses it, "had long sighed for deliverance."The priests found their power slipping from them.

Something must be done to retain it.

Accordingly, by lucky chance, indulgences were invented.

Forgiveness for sins w?s to be retailed by robed priests as simple merchandise.

F©r a stipulated price in money, any rogue in Christendom could settle accounts with his blackest crimes.

Money for the church Forgiveness for the people What blasphemy on the justice of Omnipotence The life and sacrifices of Christ, the people were told, the good deeds of the saints and martyrs, had stored up in heaven an inexhaustible treasure, which could be drawn upon, as it were by check, for the pardon of all the sins in the calendar.

Oh, what a glorious prospect was here opened up for the sinner No wonder that society reeked with corruption No wonder that the abodes of the clergy were not seldom dens of pollution No wonder that the souls of

LUTHER AKD THE REFORMATION

good men grew faint, and that the eartn cried aloud to heaven for redress!

Not was this all.

It was during these ages that the Pope is said to have annexed purgatory to his domain—that fiery realm where what of mortal man remains after death is submitted to an inexpressible bath of fire and brimstone.

The burning lake of Milton, I am inclined to think, was a very paradise to this.

There "Peace and rest can never dwell, hope never come, That comes to all; but torture without end Still urges, and a fiery deluge, fed

With ever-burning sulphur unconsumed."

All the grim terrors conceivable by human mind were gathered round this dread abode;

until, at last, Hell's lurid glow filled all minds with horrid phantasms.

But a few pence to a priest, something to stretch the pocket of St. Peter, and the passage to Paradise is made sure and easy.

Can we wonder that the pope grew rich?

Can we wonder that the poor grew poor?

It was against this monstrous system that Luther, as we have seen, nailed his ninety-nine theses upon the door of Wittenberg church.

We may believe that he saw not the storm this action was to arouse in the world, nor the barrier, whose height was to reach unto heaven, which he was building between himself and Rome.

Light did not come to him at once; he was at this time a devout Roman

Catholic, and right piously did he do reverence to the pope.

But he was, above all, a lover of truth;

his constant effort was to find truth; when once found, he was ready to take his stand upon it, to sink or swim with it, as God willed.

Martin Luther was born at Eisleben, Germany, on the ioth of November, 1483.

His father was a poor miner, who, in his early life, was barely able to earn a support for his family.

Both parents were excessively strict toward their children, and young Martin is said more than once to have felt the force of the parental displeasure.

Although in straightened circumstances, the great effort of the Luthers was to give their children a good education, and so we see Martin attending school at a very early age.

We are made to believe that the schools of that day w re far from being model ones, for Luther said of them:

"The schoolmasters in my days were tyrants and executioners; the schools were jails and hells; and in spite of fear and misery, floggings and tremblings, nothing was learned."At the age of fourteen he was sent to a famous school in Magdeburg, where, on account of his father's poor circumstances, he remained for only one year.

But the father had discerned great possibilities in his son, and was determined that he should become a learned man; therefore, the youth was now sent to Eisenach, where some relatives lived who could assist him.

Here he remained four years.

* But not receiving much support from his relations, he was obliged to become a charity scholar.

A long time after, he remarked to one of his friends: "Do not despise the boys that go from house to house, asking bread for the sake of God, and singing the bread-chorus.

I was also one of those 'bread colts, 'and begged bread at the doors, especially in Eisenach, that dear city."There is another little incident of this period related in his own quaint words, which I cannot refrain from repeating:

for it is full of pathos and simplicity, and really pertinent to my subject:

"It was at Christmas, and we were going through the villages, from house to house, singing the customary hymns about the

Christ-child born at Bethlehem.

It happened, as we were singing before a farmhouse at one end of the village, that the farmer appeared, and, speaking in coarse, harsh language, inquired—'Where are you boys!'At the same time he carried with him several sausages which he wished to give us.

But we were so badly frightened at his words that we scattered and ran away, although we had no good cause for doing so, especially since the farmer was graciously inclined to present to Us the sausages, and that of his own good will.

But our hearts had grown timid and fearful under the daily threatenings and tyrannizings to which poor students were subjected by their teachers, and hence our sudden fright.

Mea

LUTHER AND THE REFORMATION.

while the farmer hailed us again; we dismissed our fears, returned, and received the proffered gifts."-» But God soon raised up a friend to Luther. A good lady of the town became interested in him; he was from this time provided with a comfortable home, and was thus enabled to devote himself entirely to his studies.

After spending four years at Eisenach, his parents were so far improved in circumstances, that they were able to give him a liberal support;

and now, at the age of eighteen, he was sent to the University of Erfurt.

In those days, this institution possessed a reputation above all others, and here Luther applied himself to the acquisition of knowledge and the development and discipline of his mind, with great zeal and energy.

In he received the degree of Bachelor of Philosophy, and two years later, the higher one of Master of Philosophy.

*By this time he had won great consideration in the University for his talents and acquirements.

His father was justly proud of him; and the thing nearest the father's heart was for his son to become a jurist.

But already Providence had begun to mark out Luther's course.

I enter thus fully into the early life of Luther, to show the manner in which Providence was preparing him for the great work of renovation.

In these struggles, also, is contained a valuable lesson to the young, and one which, I hope, may be an incentive to renewed exertion on the part of some of them; for, as they become more and more acquainted with men and things, they will observe that true greatness comes only to those who earn it.

There is not a royal road to distinction in anything.

And Luther's life points out a moral which is worthy of consideration by both young and old.

Luther was deeply religious even in his early life.

Once, when near the close of his University course, returning from a visit to his parents, he was suddenly overtaken by a terrific thunderstorm.

A blinding flash, and the lightning strikes at his feet To be annihilated—hurled into eternity, at a moment's notice, without warning, without preparation, is overwhelming to his sensitive mind; he falls upon his knees and vows, if his life be spared, henceforth to devote himself to a holy life.

Like another Paul h* is brought to God by the fire of heaven.

He reaches Erfurt, and before long the gates of the Augustine Monastery close upon him.

Luther has severed his co nection with the world, and in becoming a monk, he seeks to become an apostle of God.

When he issues from those walls again, he goes forth to battle and to victory.

Luther had now entered on another stage of preparation.

He must needs become acquainted with the whole round of Roman institutions, before he can successfully enter upon his work.

In the early months of his stay among the monks, hardships and menial employments were thrust upon him.

Yet what cared he for trial and hardship

He came hither to gain sanctity;

and if monkish duties could give it to him, his heart would never quail.

This rigor was, however, finally abated; and now, above all things, he was given time for study.

In the monastery was an old, neglected Latin Bible;

to this he gave his days and nights.

Yet his soul was sorely troubled.

He had come* here to find peace—and there was no peace.

The universe appeared to grow dark around him, and God seemed veiled in unfathomable darkness.

But with all these drifting clouds of doubt and despair, Luther's soul found peace at last.

John Staupitz, Vicar-General of the Augustinian monks, was the means ot much comfort to Luther.

He had made a devout study of the Scriptures for the guidance of his life, and to him Luther revealed the state of his mind—his doubts and fears.

These words of Staupitz brought balm to the wretched heart of the young recluse:

"There is no true repentance other than that which flows from the love of God and his righteousness."There was an aged monk also who brought light to him.

Although simple and unlearned, this venerable man was filled with a sublime faith in Christ.

When Luther was one day bewailing his temptations, the monk referred to these words in the Apostles'Creed:

"I be-

44Q LUTHER AND THE REFORMATION.

lieve in the forgiveness of sins."Then he drew his attention to the words of Saint Bernard:

"But also believe that through Christ thy sins are forgiven thee.

That is the testimony of the Holy Spirit in thy heart, when he says, 'Thy sins are forgiven thee'."Luther had found consolation.

The universe, so dark before, had now begun to brighten.

It was for this purpose that God had taken him into the cloister at Erfurt.

It happened in 1502 that Frederick the

Wise, Elector of Saxony, founded the University of Wittenberg.

As Frederick played a very important part in the Reformation, a word regarding him may not be amiss here.

After the Emperor, he was recognized to be the most important prince in Germany, and was universally loved and respected for his great wisdom and understanding.

He was the sturdy oak under whose protecting branches the early years of the Reformation were to be sheltered.

For the direction of the University he hadjust founded, he relied much upon Staupitz, the same person that Luther found of such comfort in the monastery at Erfurt. This estimable man, in 1508, recommended Luther for a professorship in this institution, and he at once received a call.

Here was to be the great theatre of Luther's life;

and from Wittenberg as a centre was to extend outward in after years that great movement of the sixteenth century, which was to change the face of Europe, and, indeed, the history of a great part of the human race.

Luther had not been long installed in his professorship before he was called to go to Rome in relation to certain disputes that had arisen among the monks of his order.

This visit proved an era in his life.

Italy, he imagined, was the Holy

Land, and Rome, the Holy of Holies the abode of sanctity and all things good and true But oh, how rudely was he awakened from this pious dream

No sooner had he crossed the snow-capped Alps and descended into the plains of

Italy, than, simple German that he was, the luxury and sensuality displayed on every side, surprised and shocked him.

Driven from a rich Benedictine monastery in Lombardy, because he had dared to reprimand the monks for the opulence and luxury they were reveling in, Luther at length drew near to the sacred city* "Holy Rome, I salute thee,"were his words of adoration as he knelt down when the city first came in sight.

For at this time he was an enthusiast in his fealty to Rome; but he was also a lover of truth, and fealty to Rome could endure only while she was the champion of truth, fn Rome he went the round of all the holy places, and for some weeks he was the most pious Roman of them all.

But his eyes were beginning to open. He was amazed and horrified at the irreligion of the priests and monks, and he said in his heart, "These men are not of God."He looked higher, to the dignitaries of the papacy—the same evils existed there;

all classes of society, all walks of civil and religious life were pervaded with the same leaven of unrighteousness.

Going to Rome with only love and veneration in his heart, he came back indignant and full of sorrow; he was forced to believe that "the kingdom of heaven had disappeared and a market of abominations had been opened on earth."We have now followed Luther through his several stages of preparatory development.

We have seen the struggles of his early youth, their crowning with success at Erfurt we have seen the tribulation of his monk life, the darkness and despair, the ultimate peace and brightness; we have seen him summoned to Wittenburg, where he taught the simple truth of the Scriptures in a way wholly new to men's minds, and in a way foreshadowing the complete overturning ofthe current system of theology; we have followed him to Rome—that Babylon of the modern world—whence he returned to seek consolation once more in the scriptures, and to do his share in the general purification of Christendom which he felt must surely come.

It is now our duty to follow him into a new field, where he begins that active warfare against corruption which was to enroll his name forever more among the great and good ones of earth's benefactors.

J. M. Romney.

kingsford's swego Starch "Pure"and Silver Gloss And Corn Starch FOR THE LAUNDRY.

FOR THE TABLE.

ABSOLUTELY I»TJI*,E IN <2tTJJkJJTF\ U/m. Driuer 8 S09, ggjga mal? - Wholesale 0,and Retail.

The Mogfe Reliable Drug ponge in the We# ISfcTHE~FIRM OFaHBIIfi MA,L OROERS e RECE.V E PROMRVJ OGDENiUTAH.

XN/VG/e TESTIMONIALS.

I have used Magic Yeast soc» cessiuny tor several years.

It makes good, sweet bread and is always ready for use.

Mas. A M. Tribe.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Magic Yeast is more convenient than any I ever used, It does not sour in the summer, and makes light,

QUICKEST & BEST »hittbre»i SOLD BY ALL MRS. H. C. WELLS.

Wholesale and Retail Grocers E. W. CILLETT, M'f'r, CHICACO, ILL.

I have tried Magic Yeast and.'it It is the universal vei diet works like magic, making nice light of Bakers ana good Housekeeprea ers that Magic Yeast iSithe best *fM 'E * H Akdkmo«- Ogden,Utah.

^Liverpool & London & Giobe> INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.^ Losses Paid in the Great Fires at Chicago and Boston,

Income in the United States, 1888, Expenditures in the United States, 188S $4,500,000.00 /. '66,026.00.'554,396oo CHICACO BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

JOHN CRERAR, of Orarar, Adams & Go.,

LEVI Z. LETTER, late Field, Letter & Co., EZRA J. WARNER, of Sprapue, Warner A Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident SeCy, Chicago, III*.

H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agants, Salt Lake C The Kodak Camera You press the button we do the rest"The only camera that anybody can use without instructions.

Send for the Primer, free.

The Kodak is for sale by all Photo stock dealers.

Trje Eastman Di^J piafce^FilmCo.

Prioo, 935.00—Loaded for 100 Pictures.

ROCHESTER, N. T.

D.&R.G.

/-*s-\ a T I Pleasant Valley Ol/AJ-i I COLORADO ANTHRACITE, Coke, Pig Iron.

J±. L. WILLIAMS, AGENT.

146 S. Main St., SALT LAKE CITY.

Salesman—Yes, this is the stove you inquired for.

As you say, it does not look exactly like the one your mother recommended you to buy, and which she thinks so much of, but it is a

Charter Oak Range. We have 1 he Cook Stoves of the same make but the Ranges are used more generally now, as they are more convenient.

How long has your mother had her stove?

Young Married Lady—Oh! ever so long.

She bought it when I was a baby, and has been using it ever since and she told me I must get the same kind.

Salesman—Well, this is the same kind That is, it is a Charter Oak, but you must remember that twenty years is a long time, and improvements have been made since your mother got hers.

This Rangj has the wonderful Wire Oaaze Oven Door, which you have probably heard of. as it is known and sold everywhere in connection with our Stoves and Ranges.

Young Married Lady—Oh!

i remember now. She spoke about that, but I can't understand why that should make it so much better than our old stove, as that was as good as it could be.

salesman—There is no doubt about its being much better;

it is a wonderful improvement.

It bakes everything so much nicer, and the meats arc not dried up like they are in the old fashioned tight ovens.

Why, a steak can be broiled in that oven as perfectly as over a charcoal fire, and the natural juices of the meat, which make it so appetizing, will all be retained.

It is just the same with roast moats.

Of course it is needless for me to speak of its other good qualities, as your mother s advice has made that unnecessary.

Young Married Lady—Well, of course, I will take it.

Please have it put up as soon as you can, as we have no stove yet.

We are just commencing housekeeping, you know.

These STOVES, and RANGES ar«! Recommended and kept For Sale by Z.*,C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

^ifc^^g-^^e^^f^ oo oooooooooooo ooooooooooooooo

WHITE & SONS CO.

PEMBROKE MEAT MARKET.

LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Cured Meeds always in stock.

Game in season.

Prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

WHITE & SOISTS CO., W.

FIRST SOUTH STREET, TELEPHONE S-A.XVX Xj-A-SZE CXT-Z\ 00000 0000 0000 0000000000 1—9)^Vf&-i<t&^f^Ktg%f*^fSS^^i^^*$* ^-i mt^PIONBKR^^ PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

0ffice,\\21 W.

South Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

HENRY

WFAhjuACm, Sianuger.

Utah Cracker Factory.

Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SUmn Stand of d<im ^tachetrVp SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the Territory.

__ BEST-SIX- Ci £1 /£\. i£\. /£\./£\,/£\ /£\,/£\A A^ /£i 26 LLTkoDUp 28 UiTkiu, 30 LlTtau, 32

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE ( D.M.FERRY&CO.

Who are the largest Seedsmen in the world.

D. M. Ferry & Go's Illustrated, Descriptive and Priced

S££D for 1890 will be mailed FREE to all applicants, and to last season's customers.

It is better than ever.

Every person using Garden, Flower or Field Seeds should send for it. Address^

D. M. FERRY 4. CO.

DETROIT, MICH- D.i[.em^Bii^(!o., 72 Main St., Salt Lake City, CARRY A COMPLETE STOCK OF Toys and Fancy Goods.

WHOLESALE & RETAIL* Educational Works a Specialty.

m l n Hayes-Partridge Shoe Co.

.OTTJItBJStS SHOES.

LADIES', MISSES/ CHILDREN'S, BOYS'and YOUTHS'L. D. YODMft Agent hi> Utah.

lalHBJ^cegt, phil&dephfe THE Famous "GLieft'*SHMS f -^7) Are the best Ming and Wearing Fine Dress Shirt Made.

c&Mi> Manufactured at GLENS FALLS, N. Y, by a®"Z. C. M.

I. Sole Agents in Utah, PAID UP CAPITAL, $200,000.00 CASH ASSETS, $272,865.58 OFFICERS.

HEBER J. GRANT. Preeldent, JAMES SHARP, Vice-Preeldent, LEWIS S. HILLS, Trwaurw, ELIAS A. SMITH, Secretary, W. J. BATEMAN, Ass't Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dlnweodey, John Henry Smith,

George Romnty, John C. Cutler, Thos. G. Wet>bor, David Eeelee, P. T. Farnswerth, Geo. W. Thatcher, William H. Rowe, Frank W.Jennrn**, Charles S. Burton.

CASH CAPITAL, $100,0011 OFFICERS.

JOSEPH F. SMITH, President, HEBER J. GRANT, Vice-President,

LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, HEBER M. WELLS, Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dlnwoodey, George Romney,

Wm. W. Riter, James Sharp, Moses Thatcher, John Henry Smith, Wm. H. Rowe, Chas. S. Burton, John C. Cutler, Ellas A. Smith.

Richard W. Young.

Heber J. Grant & Co., Genl. Agts., Herald Building, Salt Lake City.

OGDEN

and SALT LAKE CITY.

MANUFACTURERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALELS f-I»)<<f>2S We can furnish anything in our line, and our Prices are LOWER than the lowest.

We have the largest and best equipped repair shop in the United States, and are prepared to do all kinds of repairing.

7^^ Send for Illustrated Catalogue.

2461 Washington Ave,, Ogden.

UTAH.

156 S Main Street.

Salt Lake City.

6888©G8O©88©0©O©9£ 888 For Sale by all Druggists.

Wallp, Qatflej \ Co., MANUFACTURERS OF CHICAGO WAX CALF^S SCUPPER LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Boston Store, 10 and 18 South St,

Chicago Store, 179 and 181 Lake Street.

l^fTf

Largest and most comBOOkS (111(1 plete Stock I.

Wholesale and Retail Stationery.

Text Library and ^peciaiiv.

76 S. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

(HE?

Thomson % Ta^oi Spice @o.,-* KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

SsiS^gff.ff-oSS; RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34., 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAaO.1 M. SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St., Chicago,Mwmm o IT IS THE BEST.

o TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN BlackweU's Durham fobftcco The LAFGEST SALE o f any Tobacco in th

World.

TRADE MARK FOR PLEASURE, COMFORT, HEALTf SMOKE THE MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY ^PLaonitaiA s Gjx

The (Hosier Patent Sereua Door

BURGLAR PROOF BAM SAFE.

«**.'WM,<"H. '«.«"• 4 "V."1.Mk« •!.•<).).'Ww*W*.ii*t*M.S*k«>'ttf*W<h«- The only Air Tight Bank Safe.

The only Automatic Bank Safe.

No Hole through Door orBodv No Combination Lock or Bolt Spindles.

No Springs or Weights to operate Bolt Work

Tlie Mosler Bank Safe Oo.« Exclusive Manufacturers of the following Mosler Patents:

SCREW DOOR BURGLAR PROOF BANK SAFES, DOUBLE POWER AUTOMATIC TIME LOCKS,

PATENT SAFE DEPOSIT CONSTRUCTION gggp* Specifications and Estimates furnished on all Kinds of Bank and Vault Work.

Office and Sales Rooms:

-,.

.

. ~,.

it q a Works:

86 to 96 Elm Street.

U/nC/fWClu, UtllO,U.O.A. Front and Rose Sts.

For Information, Regarding either Fire or Burglar Proof Work,

Address J. T. GAJLVIN, Salt Lake City, Utah.

POWDER

Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

U, S.

Government Report, Aug.

i?> 1889.

THE STATE BAflK Op UTAHSALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, President.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Caj*hiee.

piRECTORS I JOSEPH F. SMITH.

CHARLES S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. R0WE.

NEPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H. CANNON. FRANK Y. TAYLOR.

SPENCER CLAWSON.

PHILO T. FARNSWORTH.

ELIAS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOUNO.

HENRY A. WOOLLEY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays 5 per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Jtyel^eadii^ Imple/r^eptj^ous^of dtal?

HEBER J. GRANT, PREST., JOSEPH F. SMITH, V16E-PREST., RULON 8. WELLS, SECY, f TREAS.

CO-OPERATIVE WAGON.-. and MACHINE COr Diireetors:

Heber J. Grant.

Jothua F. Grant, George T. Odell, WiiHam W. Rlter, George Romney, Joseph F. Smith, Francis M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Charles S. Barton, Junius F.Wells, James Sharp.

Salt Lake, Ogden, Logan, Eagle Rock.

management?

JOSHUA F. GRANT, Gen. Mgr., GEO.

T. ODELL, Assi. Mgr Salt Lake City, Utah.

ED. T WOOLLEY, Mgr. Ogden Branch

A. G BARBER, Mgr. Logan Branch.

G. G WRIGHT, Mgr. Eagle Rock Branch