February -Jation Stones of the Earth,"by

J. B. Keeler; First Chapter 'Pioneer Sketches;"a*n£l->a valuable narrative by Samuel in this number.

I S-r!

A-/\ONTHLY-AACAZINEVpl.

XI.

FEB^UflRY, 1890.

Ho.

4.

PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR CO SALT • LAKE -CITY- UTAH n is i i ip P I 2K

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1890.

PAGE.

Foundation Stones of the Earth

Jos. B. Keeler Henry M.Stanley Moroni: A Sketch of the Nephite Republic.

IV...Z>\ //. Roberts Some Common Shams J 3^ Antennae and Eyes of Insects /. E.

Talmage Melbourne Cup Day Geo. E. Woolley i4r John Knox Ward Stevenson Leaves from a Note Book Alfred Lambourne Pioneer Sketches.

I.•

Santiago "Wake up, Jonah"Joaquin Miller Sweet Memories Emmeline B. Wells Editorial: The Spirit of Worship.

Missionary Experience S. W. Richards The American Revolution My Sabbath Thought Henry W. Aaisbitt Rise in thy Strength, O Zion H. H. Petersen, Sen Association Intelligence Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst.

Cashier.

Zioi/s Sauii?0s Bai}^ 1 & 3 <9cuyfc ^empfe St., SaCt i£afec Sil'i^.

ESTABLISHED 1873.

INCORPORATED I888.

DOES A General Banking Business.

DIRECTORS.

Wilford Woodruff, Prest., George Q. Cannon, Vice- Prest.,

Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Le Gra.'de Young, George Keynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Clawson.

Pays S Per Cent Interest on Savings—~ Deposits.- Jfloney to Loan, Se^lZ:

d at koa P.ates 0?

Interest.

ORGANIZED OCTOBER

16th, 1868.

Prrsidknt, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Secretary, - T. G. WEBBER, Vicr-Prriidrnt, MOSES THATCHER,

Treasurrr, - A. W. CARLSON.

-D1RECT0RSGeo. Q. Cannon, John Sharp, Henry Dinwoodey, William "H. Rowe, I os. F. Smith, George Romney, P. T. Farnsworth, Thos. W. Jennings.

Heber J. Grant, John R, Winder, John R. Barnes, Manufacturer», Importers, and Wholesale atut

Retail Dealers in Salt Lake City, Utah.

BRANCH HOUSES AT OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

EAGLE ROCK, Idaho.

Co-operative Stores and the General

Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE and FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Clothing and Furnishing Goods, Tinware and stamped Ware, Hals and Caps, Carpets and House Furnishings,

Paper Hangings, Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Boots and Shoes, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Rubber Goods, Tools and Implements, Leather and Findings.

Stationery and Blank Books, Pure Drugs and Medicines, School Books, Wines and Liquors, Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans.

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careful Attention.

T. O. WEBBER, Siapt

WMNEB BROS.

Gelebratecl <3orsets.

HE merit and popularity & of these Corsets is at- %t tested by the (act that fover two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market These imitations are siiflened with com mon twine filled with s'arch, and they lose all their stifiness after a few days'wear The genuine Coraline gives better \alue and better service for the money than any imitation recognized, for lliey have "Dr.

Tht y can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the mside of the ^teel cover FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

^WARNER * BROS.,** K"e*,w York and Cliioago.

For Sale in Sa/t Lake City For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

z.

C. M.

I., W.

H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS,. WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets

Boston.

St. Louis.

Minneapolis.

Omaha.

Bemis Omaha Bag Co.

BaMap Importers, Bag fDanafaetai*ei*s and Dealers.

Bemis Building, 11th Street Viaduct,

Cxiaha, H^b.

S, P.TEASDE P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies *SAJ5*T tjesjvxi^-le:

ST.

M In Relationto niiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimuiiiiiBoots & Styoes, -The people of Utah are sensibly united in preferring those made at <#-Z/MJ.-Mfy-tf.•* Factory <1SALT - LAKE - CITY>- LOOK FOR X-HED BRAND.

TaiJIor, I^omnej, J^mgtoong Co.

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

Fustic, piar^, Joists, Rafters, Sidles, /T\ouldi^8.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

JSouitli T&miplG St., JSa.lt Justice City.

Union Pacific Railway.

The (Popular Line for Central and Southern Utah, MOUNTAIN DIVISION.

Northern Utah,Idaho and Montana, and ail points East.

GOOD EQUIPME^r, QUICK TIME /ND BEST OF ACCOMMODATIONS.

Q. M. CUMMING, General Manager.

./.

V. PARKER, A. Q.

F. and P.

Agent.

Perfect Equipment spaa/sh forkcanon.

castle gate, price canoa.

FitA.\CIS COPE, G. F. and P. Agent.

BLACK CANOA.

MARSHALL PASS.

CARDEM of the GODS, GRAM) CANOA OF THF ARKANSAS Jkkire6qae ckotiic BETWKKN CHICAGO OR SI. LOUIS NEW YORK PASSENGERS FROM THE WEST Can Secure Through Day and Pullman Sleeping Car >ervice from

ST. LOUIS over the OHIO & MISSIS>1PP« and ERIE RAILWAY**, or from

CHICAGO over the <:HlCAGO & A rLANTiC and HRIW RAILWAY^ to the

Important Eastern Cities.

Limited Trains, "nily * quipped with Pl-'LLM AVh latest pattern of PAL -.CE and nRAWING k«m»M - OACHhS.

ASK FOR YOUR TICKETS Via thk ERIE RAILWAY, ON SALE AT ALL THE PRINCIPAL RAILWAY STATIONS throughout ilie West.

•F.

H.

11 1 H I. It VK T, (*eni. tVi'stern t*aH*enger Affent, vmvAui>.

L.

P. FAR JI Ell.

Haul.

l*ti*si'nt/er A// fiit.

XEtt YORK.

UNION

PACIFIC -(VIA The Mob Pacific "THE BIB OVERUIO ROUTE."(BETWEEN)- Utah and the Missouri River—(TAKE THE FAST TRAIN,) 'THE OVERLAND FLYER"And Save One Lay Crossing the Continent- ->E—»c—*~K-—

No Tourist can properly appreciate the Grandeur of the Scenery or the Magnificence, Extent and R sources ot the United States, until he has compassed jourmys to the following points:

COLOHADu JN (1ENKPAL* UTAH IN GENERAL, and SaLT LAKE CITY in Particular;

Yellowstone National Park, The Great Shoshone Falls, The Columbia River, Oregon, ^uget Sound and Alaska;

The Sierra^ in Nevada, California in General, YosemUe, the Big Trees, And Los Angeles, And Mining Camps, Cities, and Health Resorts of the Rocky Mountains, all o.

which are best reached via the UT^XOIX PACIFIC RAILWAY.

Tickets on Sale at all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

THOS.

L. KIMBALL, Gen'l Manager, OMAHA, NEB T. W. LEE.

As>'t wen'Pass Ag'', OMAHA, NEB.

E.

L. LOMAX, Gen'l Pass. Att't.

OMAHA, NEB.

J V. PARKER.

L>iv Pass. Ak'I..» SALT LAKE CITT.'DTAH

Leonard G. Hardy, Elias Morris, Alonzo Young, Oscar H. Hardy.

0"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo

Hardy, Young & Co., Opposite Z. O M.

I.

00000000000000000000000000000 lm$£ s o? Groceries, Dry Goods, Boots & Shoes.

Touan and Coantiry Tirade Solicited.

«"N/VS«*N<^«n«»»W'S^I'N/»- ALONZO YOVKQ, MANAGER B. p. & Ji.

Li. SCLIEET, manufacturers of "Common Sense"Sleighs, "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba Gleighs,

Improved Freight Wagons, Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks, Blackboards, Lumber Buggies.

QO-OpEFyvpb'E \3JpQ0[i PUD (H0QJU|\IE <£., Sole p?<?r;t5.

. DENNIS LONG k ELOUISVILLE, KY MANUFACTURE EXCLUSIVELY CAST-IRON GAS I WATER PIPE, And Special Castings of all Sizes.

GiuiGH wo:

3m BOOK OF MORMON.

Gilt.

.

.

#2.75 Full Bock,.

.

2.00 Full Roan, 1.75 Full Leather, embossed, $1.25 Full Cloth, embossed, 1.00 DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS Gilt, Full Bock, Full Roan, 52.75 a oc l 75 Full Leather, embossed, 1.25 Full Cloth, embossed, 1.00 PEARL OF GREAT PRICE.

Morocco, Gi t.

Leather, Gilt,.

1 00 Roan, Cloth, embossed, KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY.

Full Roan, emljos->ed,.75 Full Cloth, embossed, VOICE OF WARNING.

Full Roan, embossed.

.50 SPENCER'S LETTERS.

Full Ro in, embossed, #1.00 HYMN BOOK.

Fourteenth Edition.

Full Roan,.75 Leather, extra finish, 1.25 •7S •So •50 C/)>rH C7 cn Full Cloth, embossed, Full Cloth, embossed,.75 Full Leather.

Leather, Gilt, 1.00 i-So LATTER-DAY SAINTS'PSALMODY.

Paper Govt red B >aids, Cloth B >ck, $1 50 each, #16.00 per Dozen.

Cloth Bound,.

.

1 60 17.00 Cloth and Leather Bound,.

1.70 18.00 If sen'by wla.il, 17 cents per copy additional.

CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN.

Leather,.

.

.40 Boards,.

.

.20 Cloth.

.

.

.25 I Stiff Cover,.

.

.15 r> a <~r H C (S> S3 O C o -y "U c cr o r-t- o"D CO 0) o

Scene—First Dinner to the Family Physican by Young Married Couple.

Family Physician—Do you know, there seems to be a natural flavor about this food tkat is most appetizing?

What method do you use in cooking it?

Lady of tub House—Well, Doctor, when I was at home, my mother would have no other than a Charter Oulz Stove.

From my earliest recollection I remembered how she would praise it, and her cooking was superb.

So when we were married I insisted on having the same kind of stove.

Of course the improvements made on them since mother bought hers, are most wonderful.

Ours has all the latest, including the IFire Gauze Oren Doors.

I don't understand the process exactly, but they tell me that all meats cooked in ovens with these doors, retain their juices and flavors to a much greater degree than by any other means.

(Jan you explain the theory, Charles?

Charles (the Husband)—I can't remember all that was told me, but I know the Doctor can give a most clear and scientific statement of the reasons, can you not Doctor?

Doctor—Well, it is hardly professional to ask such information from a doctor; in fact,

I am inclined to think he would not be helping his practice much by saying anything in favor of the Charter Oak Stoves.

But as I have one in my kitchen, and know something about it, I think I can enlighten you.

Of course it would take quite a long lecture to explain everything to you scientifically, and we have not time for that.

Count Rumford. an American, who was

Knighted in Europe for his scientific, attainments, pointed out, nearly a hundred years ago, that baking and roasting meats in air tight ovens was wrong, and he proved it by actual experiments.

He asserted that it was as essential to health that our food should be cooked in pure, fresh air as that we should breathe pure, fresh air, and that air-tijrht ovens render the air impure, and the food cooked therein became tainted and unhealthy.

But how to properly ventilate the oven was not discovered for many years after Count Run") ford's time.

The difficulty was to adow fresh air to enter the oven uniformly without cooling it perceptibly, and this has been accomplished by Mr.

Filley's invention of the Wire Gauze Oven Door.

The air enters the oven through the wire gauze in the form of very fine je s, and as there is a large surface of gauze the air is diffused and heated without forming air currents to cool the pve".

Cooking might >e called a chemical decomposition with the aid of heat, but oxygen is as necessary as the heat, and this is furnished by the air.

Again, the meat roasted in a tight oven loses a large part of its most nutritious juices, which become dried out.

Ventilating the oven prevents this waste, and the meat is cooked perfectly in the same way as broiling over a charcoal fire or roasting in the old fashioned spit of our grandfather's time.

Fresh air, or the oxygen furnished by the air, also improves the baking of bread, making it much lighter and more easily digested.

Bread baked in a Charter Oak Stove with Wire Gauze Oven Doors will never mould, and that is very strong proof that the bread is pure and healthy.

Charles—Thank you, doctor, i think we"understand the reason much better now

These STOVES and RANGES arc Recommended and kept For Sale by Z. C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

Vol. XI.

FEBRUARY, 1890.

No.

4.

FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

Upward of fifty years ago, the Prophet

Joseph Smith advanced the doctrine, that "This earth was organized or formed out of other planets which were broken up and remodeled and made into the one on which we live."* This is a very brief account, indeed, of that stupendous event—the formation of an earth.

Short though it be, it is a valuable addition to our knowledge of world-building.

It has the advantage, too, of being true; while most of our information on this subject, as is well known, is largely speculative.

It should also be borne in mind that Joseph Smith's instructors were heavenly messengers beings of more than worldly scholarship;

they doubtlessly lived on distant planets, and had explored the realms of space;

they had viewed the mighty works of a Creator in various stages of development, thus possessing full cognition of the genesis of this earth.

These were the Prophet's teachers.

Who, then, that believes in his divine mission will contend that he was not authority on general outlines of cosmic science, as well as on matters of religion particularly?

True, scientists will not now accept him as authority on cosmological questions, because he is so at variance with accepted theories.

Not only do they repudiate his doctrine, but they generally discard the

Bible also, especially that part which relates to the creation.

It does not agree with their science, hence it must be wrong.

Geology is still in its infancy; and as *See "Compendium,"page 287.

presented to-day, is cumbered with many theories; consequently this science does not always agree with the Word, wherein both refer to the same event.

Yet in many cases the one sustains the other.

It will be our endeavor, therefore, in the following pages, to bring forth scriptural and scientific evidence, which have come to our notice, in support of the fragment doctrine as declared by Joseph Smith.

Although it may be impossible in the present condition of science, and a lack of fuller revelation, to give in detail a complete scenic description of the creation, nevertheless, towers may be erected here and there, so to speak, on the banks of the stream of time, from which to view the acts of a Master Builder from the "beginning"till now.

The various points presented in this article will be taken up in the following order:

First.

It will be shown that there is a likelihood of worlds having passed away by being broken to pieces.

Second. That fragments ofother worlds appear now to exist in space.

Third. That celestial bodies have fallen to our earth, presenting true geological structure;

besides, one notable instance of a fragment of this earth having been detached and taken into space.

Fourth. Some definitions.

Fifth.

That it can be proved from geology that the earth is made up of fragments; and that the fossil remains of those fragments are entirely distinct in character from one another.

Sixth. That the theory of evolution cannot be true, for the reason that a con-

FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

nected and unbroken series of life, and rocks, have not been found.

Seventh. That the age of the earth (as an earth) is not as great as evolutionists, and many others, have calculated;

its probable age as shown by geology and revelation."Eighth. The recent advent of man on the earth, as proved by the age of his fossil remains, and by revelation.

Ninth. That if Joseph Smith's doctrine of the earth's formation be proved, then other theories must be wrong, including the nebular hypothesis.

Tenth. A summary.

PLANETS DISORGANIZED.

If planets were never disorganized or shattered to pieces, evidently, new worlds would never be organized from fragments.

It will therefore be necessary to show that at times, in remote periods, great catastrophes have befallen the wanderers of the sky.

Astronomers well know that between the orbit of Jupiter and Mars there is a wide interval of space occupied only by the minor planets, or asteroids.

None of these except, occasionally, Ceres and Vesta, can be seen by the naked eye, owing to their small size.

The largest is variously estimated at three hundred to six hundred miles in diameter, and many of the smaller ones are less than fifty.

Ceres, the largest, was discovered on the first day of January, 1801.

This discovery was soon followed by many others, until now there are over two hundred.

There are evidences that some among them are surrounded by a dense atmosphere, and rotate on their axes.

Professor Lockyer has this to say respecting their origin:

"To account for the origin of the asteroids, it has been suggested that they may be fragments of a larger planet destroyed by contact with some other celestial body."* Mr.

Steele speaks thus about them:

"Onef theory concerning the origin of these small planets is, that they are fragments of a large planet which, in remote antiquity, has been shivered to pieces by some terrible catastrophe."* Lockyer's "Elements ofAstronomy,"p. 156.

f "Steele's Astronomy,"page 174.

The next evidence is quoted from the visions of Moses, as recorded in the Pearl of Great Price, which undoubtedly testify that scientists are near the truth in what they surmise regarding the destruction of some of the heavenly bodies:

"For behold, there are many worlds that have passed away by the word of my pow«r."And further:

"The Lord God spake unto Moses, saying, 'The heavens they are many and they cannot be numbered unto man, but they are numbered unto me, for they are mine, and as one earth shall pass away, and the heavens thereof, even so shall another come; and there is no end to my works.'"*

That meteorites are broken fragments is the opinion of Sir William Thompson who says:

"I can not but agree with the common opinion which regards meteorites as fragments broken from larger masses, and we cannot be satisfied without trying to imagine what were the antecedents of those masses."

Speaking on the same subject Mr. Croll says:

"From what has been stated it would follow that in most cases the stellar masses have been formed out of the destruction of pre-existing masses, like the geological formations out of the destruction of prior formations."Thus, seemingly, come and go the great cycles of creation: the old giving place to the new; or, in other words, the old serving in the construction of the new.

How in a lesser manner this principle accords with our human experience

FRAGMENTS OF WORLDS IN SPACE.

Besides the suns upon suns comprising the universe, there are distributed throughout space myriads of bodies of various sizes and densities, from rarest gas to solid rock; from a grain's weight to mighty worlds.

Dr.

Croll says that, 'we know from observation that there are stellar masses, some of them probabbly larger than our sun, moving through space with enormous velocities in all directions.

The dark stellar masses that escape observation may be as numerous as those that are visible."Now the query is from whence did they come?

What * "Pearl of Great Price,"page 3.

f "Stellar Evolution,"page 105.

FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

place of utility in the economy of the universe do these bodies fill?

Is it not reasonable to suppose that they originated from those worlds that the Lord told Moses had "passed away?""Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth?"asked the Lord of Job; "or who laid the cornerstone thereof?"Perhaps there is more meaning in those two quotations than is at first apparent.

If taken literally, these passages will support Joseph Smith's doctrine that "the fragments"are "the foundations of the earth."In plain words, "this earth was organized or formed out of other planets which were broken up and remodeled and made into the one on which we live."What!

fragments as large and ponderous as Pallas, Ceres, Juno, Iris, and the like, of the asteroids, translated from the remote bounds of the universe, and cemented together to form and fashion a world Why not? We believe there can be fewer reasonable objections raised against this doctrine than against the meteoric theory, or the nebular hypothesis.

STELLAR BODIES HAVE FALLEN TO THE EARTH.

Sometimes bodies of a ton weight fall upon the earth unconsumed.

These are called aerolites or air-stones.

As a rule, physically, they are different from the stratified rocks of the earth, but chemically they possess much the same elements.

Professor Warren notes this fact "Some have a texture like our lowest strata of rocks.

There is a geology of the stars and meteors as well as of the earth.

M. Meunier has just received the Lalande Medal from the Paris Academy for his treatise showing that, so far as our present knowledge can determine, some of the meteors once belonged to a globe developed in true geological epochs, and which has been separated into fragments by agencies with which we are not acquainted."* Now if smaller masses, such as meteors, have actually fallen to the earth, having a structure similar to the rocks on which we tread, where is the unreasonableness in suppos- * Warren's "Recreations in Astronomy,"page 271.

ing that others of a like physical character, and of immense magnitude, have been directed hither by a master mind?

Men are apt to doubt such wonderful phenomena of the heavens because they come not within their experience or understanding.

For instance, it would be no greater exhibition of the power ot the Creater to gather together without disaster, ponderous earth-stones to make a world, than it was to cause the shadow to go back on Hezekiah's sun-dial; or, the sun to stand still upon Gibeon, and the moon in the valley of Ajalon or, as the Book of Mormon states it:

"Yea, if he say unto the earth, thou shalt go back, that it lengthen out the day for many hours, it is done; and thus according to his words, the earth goeth back, and it appeareth unto man that the sun standeth still; yea, and behold this is so; for sure it is the earth that moveth and not the sun."*

Enoch's city separated from the

EARTH.

In the Pearl of Great Price it is recorded that in the days before the flood,

Enoch, a mighty Prophet of the Lord, "built a city that was called the City of Holiness, even Zion."During their sojourn on the earth, that people so perfected themselves that, in the process of time, the city with its inhabitants "was taken up into heaven And the Lord said unto Enoch, 'Behold mine abode forever.'""And it came to pass that Zion was not, for God received it up into his own bosom, and from thence went forth the saying, 'Zion is fled! "Here now, without any calamity following, was a foundation-stone of this earth detached and translated through unknown depths of space, and possibly for a time joined to some other planet.

But this fragment of a world is to return.

In the ninth chapter of Genesis (inspired translation), the Lord speaks thus to Noah "When men shall keep all my commandments, Zion shall again come on the earth, the city ofEnoch which

I have caught up unto myself."Of course, many eminent physicists since Joseph Smith's time have advocated * Book of Heleman, 12: 14, 15.

I24 FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

the theory that the earth was.formed by an aggregation of small meteors.

This is the meteoric theory.

Others again, maintain that large masses have collided with one another, and, as as a result of the collision, have been turned to vapors, gases, nebulae, etc.

But so far as we are aware none have suggested that immense stellar masses could come in contact without entirely destroying stratification.

That Enoch's city will not be turned to vapors of smoke, is a fact well • assured. To say that the Power which upholds and sustains millions of mighty suns with all their glittering train, and which impels them on through an infinitude of sky, cannot, with wondrous skill, poise and adjust the "corner-stones"of the earth—is to say that the Creator is at the mercy of his own works. The questions are, however, were the fragments composing this world first reduced through heat to a nebulous condition, and then gradually molded into a sphere?

or, were they so combined as not to destroy the strata and fossils? We think that geology will bear us out in answering the latter question in the affirmative.

SOME DEFINITIONS.

A few remarks by way of explanation are here necessary in order to make plain what is to follow.

In geology the term rock is used to signify any material constituting a portion of the earth, whether vhard or soft.

All rocks are divided into two great classes, viz., stratified and unstratified.

The former are more or less consolidated sediments while in the latter every trace of sedimentary origin has been destroyed by heat.

The stratified are arranged in regular layers called strata.

Probably ninetenths of the earth's surface is covered with this class of rocks.

Imbedded in these are the remains of animals and plants, called fossils, precisely as in the stratified mud of our present rivers may be found river-shells, and in the settlings of our swamps the bones of higher animals drifted thither from the highlands.

Impressions of various kinds, such as ripple-marks, rain spots, foot-prints, etc., were evidently formed when the rock was a soft mud.

Strata are said to be conformable when, like the leaves of a book, they lie one over the other with the same dip.

Strata are unconformable when one overlies the upturned edges of another stratum, with no conformity of dip or position, as bricks standing upon end overlaid by others placed flatways.

Bearing the above definitions in mind we can now proceed.

ALL ROCKS FORMING THE EARTH'S CRUST

ARE GROUPED INTO SYSTEMS.

The prevalent idea among geologists concerning the formative history of the earth is that of a gradual development from an early chaotic condition to its present condition as the abode of man.

It must not be supposed, however, that the earth's crust shows an uninterrupted growth. On the contrary, there are many breaks, both in the development of strata and fossil remains.

Owing to this condilion of things the rocks have been grouped into systems according to a similarity of life exhibited by them, and their unconformity of strata to one another—each epoch is distinct by itself—

just as distinct as if its life-forms belonged to a distant world—which, indeed, must have been the case according to the testimony of Joseph Smith.

The whole geological history of the earth is divided into five eras with corresponding rock systems.

These are:

First. Archaean or Eozoic* era, embodied in the Laurentian system; second, Palaeozoic! era, embodied in the

Palaeozoic or Primary system; third, MesozoicJ era, recorded in the secondary system;

fourth, CenozoicH era, recorded in the Tertiary and Quaternary system;

and, fifth, the Psychozoic era, or recent system.

These grand divisions, with exception of the last, are founded on an almost universal unconformity of the rock-system, and a very great and apparently sudden change in the life-system, a change affecting not only species, but also genera, families and even orders.

(Le Conte).

THE GREAT ROCK FRAGMENTS OF THE

EARTH.

It is a fact, as just stated, that these great rock-systems are quite distinct from * Dawn of animal life, f Old life.

% Middle life.

\ Recent life.

FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

one another, not only in evidences of life, but the rocks themselves, as if each mass had been brought from different parts of the universe.

In his extensive study of the Laurentian rocks of the Archaean era, Sir William Logan found them of enormous thickness, and ''everywhere unconformable with the overlying

Postdam or lower Silurian."Of the Palaeozoic system of rocks and the Palaeozoic era, Mr. Joseph Le Conte* says:

"This is a distinct system of rocks, revealing a distinct time-world—a distinct rock -system, containing the records of a distinct life-system.

The rock system is distinct, being everywhere unconformed to the Laurentian below and the

Secondary above—a bound volume volume second of the Book of Time.

The life-system is also equally distinct, being conspicuously different from that which precedes and that which follows.

Whatever of life existed before, its record is too imperfect to give us a clear conception of its character.

It stands out the most distinct era in the whole history of the earth."The Mesozoic era is also well marked from the rocks above and below.

Or, as Le Conte describes this period, "it was a time of wide-spread oscillations, and, therefore, of great changes in physical geography and climate, marked by sweeping changes in life-forms.""Unconformity always means lost record at that place."Cenozoic era.

This deserves the rank of a distinct era, and the corresponding rocks that of a distinct system; because there is here a great break in the rocksystem, and a still greater break in the life-system.

Between the rocks of the Cretaceous and the Tertiary, there is, in Europe, universal unconformity.

In America, on the contrary, especially on the western plains, there seems to be in some places, a continuous series of conformable rocks connecting the two eras.

(Hayden).

The record seems to be continuous.

Yet here, no less than in Europe, there is at a certain horizon a rapid and most extraordinary change in the life system.

This seems impossible * "Elements of Geology."to explain on the theory of evolution, unless there be admitted periods of rapid evolution.

(Le Conte).

Psychozoic era—age of man:

"The rocks of this epoch are the present river deposits, lake deposits, sea deposits, volcanic deposits,"etc.

The fauna and flora of this epoch are like the species still living on the earth.

MISSING LINKS IN FOSSIL-LIFE FORMS.

By an examination of the various rock systems, it is evident that myriads of both animal and vegetable life flourished when those rocks were in a condition of mud, sand, etc.

But a most interesting fact is this: that not a single animal or plant (or species thereof), similar to those existing when the Palaeozoic rocks were laid down as sediments, can be found on the earth to day.

And so the comparison might in truth be made with the present and other geological times.

Even the lower forms of present life do not seem to pass far beyond the beginning of the Quaternary.

As Mr. Le Conte remarks:

"Not a single species of mammal now living is found in the Tertiary."(The Tertiary precedes, in geological order, the Quaternary or recent epoch.) We feel tempted to bring to bear on this part of the discussion other evidences of a geological character, but the limit of this article will not permit.

Sufficient has been adduced, however, to show the unsoundness of evolutionism.

Even evolutionists themselves cannot avoid the fact of great breaks in the chain of ancient life with the corresponding breaks in the rock series.

With them the chasms have to be bridged over in some way, and this is done on the theory of "periods of rapid evolution."The fragment doctrine, then, may here assert a claim with the liklihood of its having firm ground to stand upon.

For true it is, the great rock masses forming the earth's crust are seemingly laid down without reference to conformability of strata; and each series shows a distinct class of animal and of vegetable life entombed therein;

as if these different rocks had been formed by agencies other than those of this world; as if on other planets were seas teeming with peculiar

FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

life, and plains abounding with beasts, birds, insects, forests, and flowers—all warmed and fructified by another sun than ours.

GEOLOGICAL TIME '.

APPROXIMATE AGE OF THE EARTH.

"In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth."Doubtless man will remain ignorant of the exact number of years dating backward to the "beginning,"until the Almighty sees fit to reveal when it was.

And again, it is impossible to know of a certainty which part of the process of creation was termed the "beginning;"for the book of Genesis tells of two beginnings—the spiritual and the temporal.

It appears, however, from the language of several passages of Scripture which will be introduced here, that there was a period or epoch of seven thousand years duration, previous to the advent of man, and also the present fauna and flora, on the earth.

In the key to St. John's Revelation, given through Joseph Smith, is the following "We are to understand that as God made the world in six days and on the seventh finished his work, and sanctified it, and also formed man out of the dust of the earth even so in the beginning of the seventh thousand years will the Lord sanctify the earth,"etc.

(Doc.

and Cov., p.

278.) Genesis, second chapter, reads "And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made."In Exodus, twentieth chapter, it says "For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested on the seventh."In the Pearl of Great Price, on the sixth page, is the following "Thus the heavens and earth were finished, and all the hosts of them; and on the seventh day, I, God, ended my work and all things which I had made."Also in the Book of Abraham:* "And the Gods said among themselves, on the seventh time we will end our work which we have counseled; and we will rest on the seventh time from all the work which we have counseled."From the above passages it is clear that there were seven periods (including the day of rest), "days,"or "times,"during * See "Pearl of Great Price,"pages 34, 35.

which the earth was formed and prepared for the a bode ofman, and other life.

To periods, "days,"or "times,"is the next determine the probable length of those step.

In the second chapter of Genesis. Adam is told that the penalty of partaking of the forbidden fruit was death.

"For in the day thou eatest thereof thou shaft surely die."He did eat of it, and died at the age of nine hundred and thirty years.

A "day "in this instance evidently meant a thousand years.

"But behold,"says the Apostle Peter, "be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day."In the Book of Abraham a "day"is called a "time.""For in the time thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

Now, I, Abraham, saw that it was after the Lord's time, which was after the time of Kolob for as yet the Gods had not appointed unto Adam his reckoning."In the same book (see cut No.

2.), it states that "one day in Kolob is equal to a thousand years of this earth."On page thirty, same book, another explanation is also given, as Abraham records it:

"And the Lord said unto me, by Urim and Thummim, that Kolob was after the manner of the Lord, according to its times and seasons in the revolutions thereof, that one revolution was a day unto the Lord after his manner of reckoning, it being one thousand years according to the time appointed unto that [earth (?) ] whereon thou standest.

These passages of Scripture are submitted with no further comment than this:

That if they prove that this earth's temporal existence began some thirteen thousand years ago, then the nebular hypothesis cannot be accepted as a true theory to account for the growth of the solar system, and particularly of this earth.

But at the same time the fragment doctrine has gained a valuable point in its favor.

Evolutionists claim an unbroken zoological series during a period at least of twenty millions of years.

To say that the varied fauna and flora sealed up in the fossiliferous rocks, have had a tern-

FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

poral existence on this globe for "eons and eons of time, "is to say that which cannot be easily proved.

Prof.

G.

F.

Wright, in his recent (1889) work, entitled the "Ice Age in North America,"says:

"A second source of error has been an incorrect interpretation of LyelPs principles of uniformity in Nature's operations.

This has led to an exaggerated estimate of everything pertaining to geological time.

There is a prevalent impression that all geological events happened a great while ago.

This impression arises largely from the imperfect apprehension of the extent to which changes are now going on in the world."

RECENT ADVENT OF MAN.

About six thousand years ago is probably the date when man appeared on the earth, together with the present classes of animals and plants.

Of course scientists are divided on the question of his advent.

The most antiquated remains of man, upon which there is 110 doubt, have been found in the later Quaternary gravels.

Before this time "he has been diligently searched for without success.""Man, therefore, has been traced back with certainty,"says Le Conte, "to the later Champlain or early Terrace epoch.

It is possible that he may be ^hereafter traced farther back to the Glacial or pre-Glacial period."Mr. Wright, in his work, above referred to, proves almost conclusively that the Niagara gorge has been formed since the glacial age, it having been inaugurated after the ice receded.

Many geologists unite in claiming that the Niagara River was formed in the middle quaternary.

Now, if by any means we can tell the probable age of the Niagara gorge, then it follows that we may know how far back to place the Champlain or Terrace epoch.

I shall not tire the reader with the calculations and deductions of many authorities, but will let one suffice, believing it has weight.

Mr.

G.

K.

Gilbert, of the United States Geological Survey, gives it as his conclusion that "the maximum length of time since the birth of the falls, by the separation of the lakes, is only seven thousand years, and that even this small measure may need significant reduction."

Professor Wright, after referring to this and other deductions made by leading scientists, remarks that "the foregoing estimates concerning the recession of the

Niagara gorge, assumes a uniform rate, and that all the work has been done since the glacial period."* Speaking from a geological point of view, Professor Le Conte has this to say regarding the time of man's first appearance on the earth:

"Judging by the rate of changes still in progress, we are naturally led to a conviction of a lapse of time very great in comparison with that recorded in history.

On the other hand, some attempts to estimate more accurately by means 01 the growth of deltas in which have been found implements of the Roman age, the bronze age, and the stone age; and by the progressive erosion of lake-shores, which are supposed to have commenced after the Champlain epoch—have led to very moderate results, viz., seven thousand to ten thousand years, "f And yet there is proof more positive still of man's recent appearance in the world, given by Joseph Smith.

In his key to St. John's Revelation occurs the following question and answer:

Question—"What are we to understand by the book which John saw, which was sealed on the back with seven seals?"Answer "We are to understand that it contains the revealed will, mysteries, and works of God; the hidden things of His economy concerning this earth during the seven thousand years of its continuance, or its temporal existence."Doc.

and Cov., Sec. 77.

From the above quotation it is inferred that the earth is to have a "temporal existence "for seven thousand years.

It seems not unlikely that during the early part of the first thousand years occurred the temporal creation of man.

As already shown, the teachings of geology roughly agree with this statement.

And thus Joseph Smith's testimony is strikingly verified.

DAWN OF LIFE ON THE EARTH.

Of course, it is not intended in this * See Wright's "Ice Age in North America,"

P- 456.

f Le Conte's "Elements of Geology,"p. 600.

FOUNDATION STONES OF THE EARTH.

article to deal with that spiritual prcexistent condition of all living things, but with the temporal only.

Now, if evolutionism, including nebular hypothesis, be discarded, it should be shown how animal and vegetable life came on the earth, since the fragment doctrine necessarily reduces geological time to a comparatively narrow limit, and will not allow of an evolution from the lower to the higher forms of life through long ages.

This will be done by quoting a few words of revelation and inspiration.

And just here we would intimate—without insisting too strongly—that the order in which life dawned upon the earth was this i, vegetable life for a garden was planted 2, man appeared and 3, the beasts of the field came, etc.

Genesis, second chapter, 5-9:

"For the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.

But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.

And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life;'and man became a living soul.

And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed.

And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food."From the Pearl of Great Price, page 6 "For I, the Lord God, created all things of which I have spoken, spiritually, before they were naturally upon the earth.

And I, the Lord God, had created all the children of men; and not yet a man to till the ground for in heaven created I them; and there was not yet flesh upon the earth, neither in the water, neither in the air; but I, the Lord God spake, and there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.

And I, the Lord God, formed man from the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul, the first flesh upon the earth, the first man also; nevertheless, all things were before created but, spiritually, were they created and made according to my word.

And I, the Lord God, planted a garden eastward in Eden» and there I put the man whom I had formed.

And out of the ground made I, the Lord God, to grow every tree, naturally, that is pleasant to the sight of man, and man could behold it."Book of Abraham, page 35:

"And the Gods came down and formed these generations of the heavens and the earth, when they were formed in the day that the Gods formed the earth and the heavens, according to all that which they had said concerning every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew for the Gods had not caused it to rain upon the earth when they counseled to do them, and had not formed a man to till the ground; but there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.

And the Gods formed man from the dust of the ground. * * And out of the ground made the Gods to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food. *****

And out of the ground the Gods formed every beast of the field, and every fowl ot the air, and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them."From a discourse preached by President Brigham Young, the following is taken:

"They [the Gods] came here and organized the raw material, and arranged in their order the herbs of the field, the trees also.

The seed was brought from another sphere and planted in this earth.

The thistle, the thorn, the briar, and the obnoxious weed did not appear until after the earth was cursed."(J. of D., Vol.

I., p. 50.) As a closing quotation of this branch of our subject, we will draw from Parley P.

Pratt's "Key to Theology.""A Royal Planter now descends from yonder world of older date, and bearing in his hand the choice seeds of the older Paradise, he plants them in the virgin soil of a new-born earth. They grow and flourish there, and, bearing seed replant themselves, and thus clothe the naked earth with scenes of beauty, and fill the air with fragrant incense.

Ripening fruits and herbs at length abound.

When lo from yonder world is transferred every

HENRY M. STANLEY.

species of animal life.

Male and female they come, with blessings on their heads and a voice is heard again, 'Be fruitful and multiply.'Earth—its mineral; vegetable and animal wealth—its Paradise prepared, down comes from yonder world on high, a son of God, with his beloved spouse.

And thus a colony from heaven, it may be from the sun, is transplanted to our soil. The blessings of their Father are upon them, and the first great law of heaven and earth is again repeated, 'Be fruitful and multiply.'"THE FRAGMENT DOCTRINE VS. THE NEBULAR HYPOTHESIS.

Now, if the fragment doctrine enunciated by Joseph

Smith, namely, "That this earth was organized or formed out of other planets which were broken up and remodeled and made into the one on which we live "—and that our interpretation of that doctrine be correct, wholly, or in part, then the nebular hypothesis will have to be discarded, at least so far as it assumes to account for the origin of this world.

We say, with the late Prof.

Orson Pratt:

"This hypothesis, however fertile in its consequences, is beginning to wane."*

It is believed that this doctrine will answer satisfactorily • as many phenomena relating to cosmology as any theory ever advanced.

It will give new interest to geological research.

And, further, it will narrow down the field of uncertainty surrounding this subject, besides being in harmony with the word of God.

There is a temptation to extend this paper and show how beautifully and consistently the fragment doctrine explains the initial cause of volcanoes, earthquakes, thermal springs, continental "Pratt's Kev to the Universe."crust-movements, formation of mountain ranges, etc., but these points will furnish the bases for a subsequent article.

A CLOSING REMARK.

By way of a summary it may be said, it is not improbable that there have been collisions or other catastrophes happening to terrestrial worlds, thus reducing them to fragments.

Locked up in these fragments would certainly be found the remains of an ancient life.

And further, these fragments would present all the characteristics of geological structure as seen in rocks now forming before our eyes, except wherein heat had caused a metamorphism.

The Power that guides the comet from one part of the universe to the other could bring stellar masses together and lay them down to form a symetrical sphere, according to the true science and architecture of world-building.

Necessarily, on coming in contact there would be great attrition of such huge bodies before all were properly adjusted. Large quantities of fine materials, as sand, gravel, etc., would result from abrasions, serving to fill up uneven places, and to cement the whole together.

Much heat would be developed also at points of contact, sufficient to fuse the surrounding rocks, and otherwise to change them.

Then by the action of the forces of nature—the water, the air, the cold, the sun—a soil would be prepared to receive the seeds of the forest-tree, the grass of the field, and the flowers by the brook-side.

And now the earth is prepared for man—"the first of all flesh."

But its end is not yet glorified and exalted it must be, blazing with celestial light, like as it rolled from the Creator's hand when he pronounced it "good!"Jos. B. Keeler.

HENRY M.

STANLEY.

Stanley was born in Denbigh, Wales in 1840.

His parents were named Rowlands, and being exceedingly poor, they gave him to the care of the parish when he was three years old, and he was reared in the almshouse at St.

Asaph.

After obtaining a fair education here, he taught school for a year or two, when he went as a cabin boy on a ship bound for New Orleans.

Here he met a wealthy American merchant named Stanley, who adopted him, and he took the name of

HENRY M. STANLEY.

Henry Morton Stanley.

He spent considerable time wandering afoot in the Indian country of the Southwest, but, his father dying intestate, he found himself poor again.

On the breaking out of the war he was impressed into the rebel service, but escaped thence and served subsequently on the Northern side until the fall of Richmond, when he obtained employment as a reporter on the New York

Herald.

His love of adventure was, however, overmastering, and he started soon to fight the Cretan army and to record its fate in the Herald.

That over, he traveled through the Eastern countries and in Abyssinia and Spain as a roving correspondent until October, 1869, when Mr. Bennett sent him to find Livingstone.

The story of that wonderful achievement is told in his book, one of the most fascinating records of exploration.

Mr.

Bennett sent him back to Africa almost immediately after his return from the Livingstone expedition, and four years more were spent in travels and battles "through the dark continent."Then his great Congo undertaking occupied him from 1879 until 1884, the result of which was the establishment of an independent nation from the western coast of Africa at the mouth of the Congo to the 30th degree in the interior.

When this was accomplished, loaded with honors, he returned to America, hoping to spend the balance of his life in less arduous labors.

But he had hardly reached American shores before the King of the Belgians and Sir William Mackinnon besought him over the cable to go and rescue Emin.

Messages had reached Zanzibar an<i Europe from the Pasha's capital at Wadelai indicating that he would be unable to hold his position against the Mahdi's threatened attack and was practically awaiting annihilation.

Had he been willing to abandon his people, those of whom he had created a nation, he could easily have cut his way by some southern route to the coast before the Mahdi's forces could come down the

Nile and get at him.

But Emin preferred death to desertion.

Indeed, when Stanley reached * him, this sentiment, carried to almost Quixotic extremes, threatened to render the relief expedition unavailing.

Sir William Mackinnon is the president of the British East Africa Company, into whose service it is now desired to enlist Stanley and Emin both, but Stanley especially.

Sir William secured subscribers to a relief fund, the Egyptain government giving a full third of the total presumed expense.

Directly upon receiving the messages from King Leopold and

Sir William, Stanley canceled his lecture engagements and hurried off to London.

There the character of the errand he was desired to perform was fully made known to him. The expedition was not to be military.

He was not to go in and drag out or anything of that kind.

It was not known just what Emin's situation might be.

His last letters had been quite hopeless in tone, telling of the submission to the Mahdi of all the territory north of his, and of his fears that his own time would inevitably come.

Stanley was asked, therefore, to conduct a caravan to Emin, laden with ammunition and supplies.

If Emin wanted to come home, Stanley was to act as escort.

If he wanted to stay and take his chances with the Mahdi, Stanley was to supply his necessities and come away.

The scheme was thoroughly peaceful, and merely in the performance of the duty owed by civilization in general and Great Britain in particular to the intrepid man who was bravely upholding worthy interests in such an unequal contest.

How well Stanley has performed his work, through what hardships and privations he has struggled, and with what splendid success his labor has been crowned, as an explorer and pioneer in the opening of a vast and rich region in Central Africa, it would take a good sized volume to set forth adequately.

Stanley, by carrying to a successful issue the expedition for the relief of Emin

Pasha, has added very much to his already enviable fame as an explorer.

The relief expedition was organized and sent out in January, 1S87.

Emin Pasha (Dr.

Edward Schnitzler) was, up to a recent date, Governor of the

MORONI.

Equatorial province of Egypt, having been appointed to that position in 1878, at which time General Gordon was Governor of the Soudan.

The Egyptian government contributed,£"10,000 toward the expenses of the relief expedition, and financial aid was also rendered by sev eral London parties.

The chief discoveries of a geographical nature which Stanley has made while on this last expedition, so far as information heretofore received has revealed them, may be considered the following:

He has traversed the entire length of the Aruwimi or Ituri River, a mighty tributary to the Congo, and found that it rises a little west of and close by Albert Nyanza.

It was previously known that this great river existed, but it had never been explored above Yambuya, a distance of about one hundred and fifty miles.

He found that Albert Nyanza does not extend as far south by considerable as Baker represented, and as has generally been believed.

He discovered a new lake, which he named Albert Edward Nyanza, southwest of Albert Nyanza, and connected with it by a considerable river^ which now bears the name Semliki.

This new lake must thus be considered the source of the White Nile.

Situated between Albert Nyanza and Albert Edward

Nyanza, about fifty miles southwest of the former, Stanley discovered a snowcapped mountain about seventeen thousand feet high, which he named Mount

Rowenzori.

And he has found that Victoria Nyanza extends much further southwest than has been supposed and approaches within one hundred and fiftyfive miles to Tanganyika.

It would be hard to mention any contribution made by the Dark Continent to the higher and progressive life of man.

It has resisted by the mere density and mass of barbarism all approaches of civilization, all ameliorating influence; and although now it has been widely penetrated and explored, it remains as dark a problem as ever,—a country without arts, science and literature, and only the rudest forms of government.

But to Stanley and his undaunted comrades the world owes a debt of gratitude which it will be difficult to repay.

It is to be hoped that Africa will at last be opened up to the civilization of the future;

that its vast tracts of wilderness will stimulate the enterprise of the pioneer, and that the day is not far distant—within the lifetime of our children's children, perhaps—when the shrill echo of the engine's whistle will be heard on the rugged sides of the snow capped mountains which Stanley has explored; when those illimitable forests will resound with the woodman's axe, and when the law of commerce will change the tawny native from a savage into a self-respecting citizen.

When barbarism will retire from its last stronghold on the planet, as the darkness disappears when the sun rises.

MORONI.

A SKETCH OF THE NEPHITE REPUBLIC.

Guizot in his great work on the civilzation of France classifies the relations in which the church may stand to the state substantially as follows

First, The state is subordinate to the church in the moral point of view, in the chronological order itself, the church precedes the state; the church is the first society, superior, eternal civil society is nothing more than the consequence, than an application of its principles it is to the spiritual power that sovereignty belongs of right the temporal power should merely act as its instrument Second, It is not the state which is in the church, but the church which is in the state it is the state which rules the land, which makes war, levies taxes, governs the external destiny of the citizen.

It is for the state to give to the religious society the form and constitution which

MORONI.

best accord with the interests of general society.

Whenever creeds cease to be individual, whenever they give birtli to associations, these come within the cognizance and authority of the temporal power, the only veritable power in a state Third, The church ought to be independent, unnoticed in the state; the state has nothing to do with her the temporal power ought to take no notice of religious creeds it should let them approximate or separate, let them go on and govern themselves as they think best it has no right, no occasion, to interfere with their affairs Fourth, The church and state are distinct societies, it is true; but they are at the same time close neighbors, and are nearly interested in one another let them live separate, but not estranged let them keep up an alliance on certain conditions, each living to itself, but each making sacrifice for the other in case of need, each lending the other its support.

The relationship described in the last clause most nearly states the relative positions of church and state among the Nephites, both under the monarchy and the republic.

From the circumstances under which society and government were framed among the Nephites, it could not be otherwise than that a close relationship, if not an amalgamation of church and state should exist.

The departure of Lehi and his colony from Jerusalem was a religious movement.

It was at the direct command of God that he gathered his family about him and departed into the wilderness.

They were led through the wilderness of Arabia, and finally to the western hemisphere by the direction and overruling providence of God.

It was by the commandment of the Lord, too, that Nephi, and those willing to follow him, separated themselves from their unbelieving brethren, after the western continent was reached;

and when they founded the monarchy, the

Prophet Nephi was chosen the first king, and the succession to the throne—limited to his descendants.* It was under King * In the second number of this series, I stated that "Previous to his death, the first Nephi chose a man and anointed him to be king.

Benjamin, too, and by him, that the first regularly organized church among the Nephites was founded; and his son, who succeeded him, was certainly as much prophet, seer and priest as he was king.

Under the circumstances it is a wonder that any state is recognized at all; and it becomes a matter for astonishment that there should be a separation of church and state in their polity.

Such, however, was the case;

the church and the state were separate institutions even under the monarchy.

The laws and regulations of the state were equally binding upon all; the doctrines, ordinances and laws of the church were only binding on those who voluntarily connected themselves with it.

Nor did the church assume to inflict temporal punishment upon those who violated its laws.

In the reign of Mosiah, when many members of the church, guilty of sins, were brought up before the high priest by their brethren, and the secular power refused to punish them, and the high priest presented the matter before the Lord, he received an answer by revelation, to the effect that those who were members of the church and would not repent of their sins were to be cast out of the church, and that was the extent of the authority of the church in such cases.* That became a standing law to the church, both under the monarchy and the republic.

If church and state were recognized as distinct institutions under the monarchy, it may be said they were regarded doubly so under the republic at least the distinction was more marked, notwithstanding the offices of chiefjudge of the republic and high priest of the church were sometimes vested in the same person, and exercised at the same time.

But there is nothing to indicate in the brief annals we have of the Nephites, that he was a son of the first Nephi;"and then incline to the opinion that he was not.

Since then, however, I have found the following passage:

"And now all the people of Zarahemla were numbered with the Nephites, and all this because the kingdom had been conferred upon none but those who were descendants of Nephi."Mosiah xxv, 13- • Mosiah xxvi.

MORONI.

Still, when Alma, the first chief judge and also high priest, gave up the first office that he might devote himself more completely to the second, when he went among the people of Ammonihah to preach to them, they said: "We know that thou art Alma; and we know that thou art high priest over the church which thou hast established in many parts of the land, according to your tradition; and we are not of thy church, and we do not believe in such foolish traditions.

And now we know that because we are not of thy church, we know that thou hast no power over us and thou hast delivered up the judgment seat unto Nephihah, therefore thou art not the chief judge over us."* And they rejected him, and drove him from their city.

This is but one instance out of many which might be cited to show that the church was separate from the state, and that the laws of the former were not forced and could not be upon those who had no membership in it.

Furthermore it was a strict law of the church that the members thereof should not persecute those who were not members; and persecution among themselves was also emphatically prohibited. f But unfortunately, it frequently happened that despite the laws of the land and a willingness to execute them, unbelievers persecuted the church and sought its destruction.

This persecution, however, with a few individual exceptions, the church bore patiently; that is, the church did not attempt to take upon itself to destroy those who sought its destruction, nor to revile those who cast reproach upon it.

Indeed, it would be difficult in the history of the Church of Christ, either in the one organized on the eastern continent among the Jews, or the one established on the western continent, to select a period in which the church more fully accomplished the purpose for which it was created, or more truthfully reflected the character of its Great Head, than did the Nephite church during the first years of the Nephite republic.

* Alma viii.

f Alma i.

Being reviled, it blessed being persecuted, it suffered with patience; being defamed, it only entreated, and that for the defamers'good.

Its ministers were humble and labored with their hands.

The priests were not exalted above the people.

When the former left their labor to teach, the latter left theirs to be taught, and both returned to their employment after the instruction had been given.

Though its members were wealthy, they were not vain neat, but not extravagant in their apparel; industrious and frugal, but not sordid, for they set not their hearts upon that wealth which perishes with the using they were generous in giving to the poor, attentive and kind to the sick.

Nor did they confine their ministrations to the poor and the sick in the church only; but partaking of that spirit, which leads the God of heaven to cause the sun to shine upon the evil and the good, and the rain to fall upon the just and the unjust, they ministered to those in need without distinction—as well to those out of the church as to those in it.

And while not, as an organization, interfering with the state, or any affairs which properly belonged to it, it was a great support to the state in that it taught its members obedience to law, and submission to rightful authority; but was far from seeking to make the state subservient to its dictation.

It was from among the members of the church that liberty found her best advocates it was from the same source that the state found its strongest hands and bravest hearts, and the young republic, its truest friends while from among apostates from the church, and unbelievers, came the foes of liberty and traitors to the republic.

The Nephite republic existed five years without meeting any serious difficulty in the administration of its affairs, or dangers that threatened its stability; but in the fifth year of its existence, it was suddenly confronted by a danger which wellnigh overthrew it.

The trouble grew out of the ambition of one Amlici.

Under any form of government you shall find ardent, restless spirits, such as never be at heart's ease, especially when they be-

MORONI.

hold a greater than themselves to prick them to jealousy.

Often, Cassius-likc, they sleep not 'o nights, think much, read much, and look right through the deeds of men love no plays, hear no music, seldom smile, and when they do, it is in such sort as if they mocked themselves and scorned their spirits that could be moved to smile at anything—such men, if inclined to mischief, are dangerous.

In free and popular governments especially are they numerous.

Here they have free access to the people, and it is more than passing strange if your demagogue shall not convince some among the multitude that they be poorly governed, and upon that basis breed discontents, tumults, riots, perhaps rebellion in the hope that some chance wave of popular favor will carry them into place and power.

Such a one was Amlici.

By flattery and vain promises he created a powerful faction in the government, whose object was to overthrow the republic and set up a monarchy on it ruins, with Amlici as king.

It was with great alarm that the friends of the republic saw the rise and growth of this faction.

They saw the supreme danger which ever threatens popular governments.

If this man should succeed in increasing his party until it should outnumber the party friendly to the government, then their liberties would be snatched from them, and their church, together with their freedom to worship God, would perish for this man Amlici was unfriendly to the church.

He was after the order of one Nehor, an heretic, who in the first year of the republic sought the destruction of the Church of God by teaching false doctrine, looking to the introduction of pomp and ceremony and class distinction in the church, especially exalting the priests above the people.

His notions of church doctrine and polity he was not satisfied to support by argument and persuasion alone though a master in the use of those weapons—but Nehor also sought to introduce his innovations by force, and in the course of a contention with an old veteran both of the church and the state—one Gideon—he drew his sword and killed him.

For his crime he was taken before the chief judge, proven guilty, sentenced and finally executed on the Hill Manti adjacent to the city of Zarahemla. He left a considerable following, however, among whom was the demagogue Amlici.

The question as to whether the republic should be overthrown and a kingdom set up in its place was promptly referred to the people, for their voice in the matter.

The decision was adverse to Amlici and his faction—the republic was still the choice of the people.

But it was not yet free from danger.

Defeated in an appeal to the people, Amlici, in secret conclave, was anointed king, and preparations were made to seat him on his throne, by force of arms.

The republicans, however, Were aware of the intentions of the monarchists, and when war was forced upon them they were prepared to receive its shock.

The city of Zarahemla was most likely situated on the west bank of the river Sidon, that river in the main flowing northward.

Eastward from Zarahemla and on the opposite side of the river was the hill Amnihu, and this Amlici made the rendezvous of his forces.

No sooner did Alma, the chiefjudge—who seems also to have been the commander-in-chiefofthe armv—learn that the enemy was gathering at Amnihu than he crossed the river

Sidon and gave him battle.

Amlici proved to be a stubborn foe, and not until the fortunes of war were decidedly against him did he commence a retreat.

He was vigorously pursued by the forces of the republic, and when night settled over the conflict, more than nineteen thousand had been slain, of whom twelve thousand five hundred and thirtytwo were of Amlici's followers.

Notwithstanding this decisive victory for the forces of the republic, Alma determined to keep a strict watch over his enemy, and for that purpose sent a body of select troops to watch his movements.

It was well he did so, else the destruction of his own army might have been the price of his neglect.

Amlici retreated southward, bending his course towards the land of Nephi;

and as he did so he met a large army of Lamanites marching northward, doubt-

MORONI.

less intending to invade the Nephite country.

To this army Amlici united his forces and immediately returned, buoyant with hope, to the conflict he had so lately abandoned in despair.

These united forces fell upon the Nephite city, Minon, captured it, drove out the inhabitants and then continued their march towards Zarahemla.

When word was brought to Alma of the new dangers which threatened, he broke up his encampment in the valley of Gideon, with the intention, no doubt, of reaching Zarahemla before the invaders.

Before he could accomplish his purpose, however, the army of Amlici and his new found allies were upon him, attacking him, as his forces were crossing the river.

Nothing daunted by being taken at this disadvantage, and with only part of his forces on the west bank of the river, Alma, strengthened by the God of his fathers, withstood, and even beat back, his assailants, notwithstanding they overwhelmingly outnumbered his army.

An interesting feature of this second battle was the meeting of Alma and Amlici face to face, sword in hand.

In an instant they closed in deadly, doubtful conflict.

For a moment the din of battle was hushed save the clashing of the swords of these champions.

They pause for breath.

In that brief interval the patriot cries:

"O Lord, have mercy and spare my life, that I may be an instrument in thy hands to save and preserve this people!"And now patriot and traitor are again in deadly conflict;

but the patriot, conscious of the righteousness of his cause, and his arm strengthened by a holy faith in God, at last strikes the traitor dead at his feet.

What shouts of joy broke from the throats of his followers, or what cries of rage arose from the ranks of the enemy, the Nephite annals in our possession do not record.

But from the Lamanite army strode another champion to contend with the puissant Alma. The patriot, now aroused and strengthened by his God, beats back the Lamanite, who flees for safety to his body guard, whom he sends to contend with Alma.

The latter is joined by his guard, however, and the Nephite guard are victorious.

The Lamanites retreat, and Alma and his men clear the west bank of Sidon, by throwing the dead into the river.

Having been reinforced by the remainder of his army from the east side of the river, Alma renews the battle and drives the Lamanites and the followers of Amlici some distance to the northwest of Zarahemla into the wilderness of

Hermounts, where most of them perished from their wounds or from the attacks of the wild beasts that infested the place;

and their bones, which afterwards were gathered into heaps, added to the natural desolation of that weird, dense wilderness.

A second army essayed an invasion of the Nephite country in this same year the fifth of the republic—but it was met south of Zarahemla, defeated and driven back to its own territory.

Alma did not go against this second invading army as he was suffering from a wound received in resisting the encroachments of the first.

Though the friends of the republic were everywhere successful in this unhappy war, their victories were not won without considerable sacrifice of life and property, especially in flocks and herds.

The joyous return of those who survived the terrible conflicts was saddened by the remembrance of the thousands of their brethren left stark and stiff upon the battlefields, or thrown into the yellow waters of the Sidon; while the gladness of wives, parents and children who hailed the return of their loved ones, was stifled by the cries of anguish and mourning of those who had lost theirs.

This war seems to have greatly humbled the Nephites, and there were numerous additions to the church immediately following it.

Two years of great prosperity, however, gave birth to pride and all the evils that wealth drags in its train; and in this item of the history of the Nephites, we have an illustration of the fact that:

"Man is vain, and can but ill sustain A long immunity from grief and pain;

And after all the joys which plenty leads, With tip-toe step, vice silently succeeds."

This serious transgression on the part

SOME COMMON SHAMS.

of the people, aroused the zeal of Alma, and he determined to give up the office of chief judge of the land, that he might the more zealously discharge his duties as high priest of the church.

The people were assembled at their voting places and gave their voices for one Nephihah, to be the chiefjudge in place of Alma; and the latter went among the people to labor as a missionary, to teach them the word of the Lord.

B. H.

Roberts.

SOME COMMON SHAMS.

It is uttering a truism to say that this is the age of sham.

Few things are really and truly what they represent.

Gold that has not the smallest particle of gold in it;

leather that shows but the surface grain of leather;

silk that is some clever preparation of cotton, and stone that is only stucco, come the most readily of a score of illustrations that one might meet with in a single half-hour's walk.

We have become resigned to it; the universal make-believe has, to a certain extent, defeated itself, and we are not for a moment taken in by the outside appearance of half the things we see.

But I wonder, says a writer in the Phrenological Journal, how many of us ever seriously consider, for our own benefit and that of those whose education may lie in our hands, how common, how wide-spread is the character-shamming of daily social life?

Any who have done so can not but be appalled by the ease with which the most honest-meaning of us slide into small hypocrisies, and how heedlessly we teach the same to children.

That "sending of love,"what nonsense it often is!

a mere form of words, an empty compliment.

Mrs. Brown has seen Mrs.

Jones twice, and meeting a relative of the latter when walking in the street one day, must of course, say sweetly, "Be sure and give my love to Mrs. Jones!"Lily, by her mother's side, recollects that, not two hours before, mamma remarked to papa, that she couldn't "see much in that Mrs. Jones, that the Smiths should seem so fond of her!"It is "love"here, "kind love"there, "much love"everywhere.

And perhaps it would not trouble us greatly to know that we should never meet the recipients of it again.

In nine cases out of ten the old-fashioned "kind regards"would serve all purposes of politeness and express the utmost of the cordial feeling we entertain.

Then again, how do we praise and affect and admire the work, or singing, or housekeeping of some one upon whom we call, and, arrived at home, proceed to find more or less fault with nearly everything over which we were ''gushing'not half an hour before.

The excuse that we do it to give pleasure, by no means exonerates us.

Truth must come before all;

and although it is right to cherish a spirit of love (evidenced by actions rather than a glib and frequent utterance of the word), and to avoid wounding by crude criticisms the feelings of those about us, sincerity surely demands that our actual sentiments shall at all times measure the warmth of our speech.

Besides such hypocrisies as these taught to the young by example, another is sedulously promulgated among them by the encouragement of "company manners.""How wrong of you, Tommy, to come bouncing into the room like that, when Mr.

So-and-So was here!"Well, either the bouncing referred to was really wrong, or it was not.

If it was an act of rudeness or carelessness, then it would have been equally deserving of reproof, had mother or father been quite alone.

"I am surprised at you, Julia, showing off your temper before Mrs.

Blank/"As though the presence or absence of anybody could make such an exhibition either better or worse.

But that such teaching as the above widely prevails, and produces the desired impression upon children's minds, is proved by the fact that so many of them behave quite differently in the presence of strangers from what they do when with those they know well.

I am not going to say that the unnatural primness, frequently exhibited in the former case, should be the constant rule of behavior, for it is usually overdone; but it is the hypocrisy of it that I most condemn.

But a child who is taught always to be

SOME COMMON SHAMS.

good is not likely to do anything disgraceful either in company or out of it.

Again, in the matter of naughtiness which demands apology to some one, what a grave mistake it surely is to either bribe or threaten a child into expressing contrition which he does not feel!

I confess I cannot but admire the boy who will say bluntly, knowing that his punishment will be prolonged thereby, "I'm not sorry, and I am not. going to say I am!"If you can get him, by putting the case in its proper light, to see for himself how wrong his conduct has been, and be genuinely repentant, the expression of it, with judicious management, will naturally follow;

otherwise better let him remain a rebel than become a hypocrite.

It is an error of the same nature to compel children who have quarreled to "kiss and be friends,"while their cheeks are still hot with anger, and resentment is burning within.

Wait until the passion has cooled and gentler feelings supervene; then, if tenderness and magnanimity toward the offender can be awakened, a genuine desire for reconciliation will inspire the pardoning kiss; but don't, don't make little Judases of them, even if the feud should last for days.

Incalculable harm is done to children's sincerity of character for life,

I feel sure, by the early forcing of expression of one sort and another that has no spring within.

Allied to the above is the habit, far too popular, of extracting from the young premature declarations of religious sentiment.

"Do you love Jesus?"is the favorite formula to start with, and what can the little creature thus button-holed do but answer "Yes!"though it may so far have no conscious feeling whatever on the subject.

Other queries of a like nature follow, and they must all be replied to with the proper affirmative or negative, as the case may be, or the grave surprise and uplifted brows of sad concern will be brought into play to make the small victim feel like a reprobate, an evidence, as it is regarded, of full-blooming piety is thus squeezed out, while possibly the actual sprout is not yet showing above ground.

The flower does not produce the root, but the root the flower; and compelling from young people the words and works of religion—the religious phrases, the missionary contributions, and the Dorcas sewing—will not make youthful Christians of them, any more than assiduous attention to their outward behavior will ensure their being good girls and boys.

But hypocrisy, which is simply doing without being, will be greatly fostered thereby.

Nothing short of going back to the source of action and dealing with motives will, either in ourselves or others, be of any real use in the formation of character.

Let nothing superficial satisfy us, no amount of external gloss and finish be thought worthy of a moment's care, save as the faithful indication of what is within.

Let us be loving before we "send love;"let our courtesy be the natural expression of a kindly desire for others'comfort and welfare;

let our outward religious life follow and not precede, still less be a substitute for, the life within; and let us train the young folks under our care, even in this, the only «honest fashion—truly praying, each and all, "Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within A well-known merchant once said.

"I would not give much for a boy who does not say 'we'before he has been with us a fortnight.

The boy who says 'we'identifies himself with the concern.

Its interests are his.

He sticks up for its credit and reputation.

He takes pleasure in his work, and hopes some day to say 'we'in earnest."The boy will reap what he sows if he keeps his grit and sticks to his job.

You may take off your hat to him as one of the solid men of the town.

Let his employer do the fair thing by him; check him kindly if he shows signs of being too big for his place; counsel him as to his habits and associates, and occasionally show him a pleasant prospect of advancement.

A little praise does an honest boy a heap of good.

Good luck to the boy who says "we."

ANTENNA AND EYES OF

INSECTS.

Every fully developed insect has upon the upper part of its head, a pair ol jointed appendages, the appearance ol which readily suggests the name "horns,"by which they are generally known.

Some people call them "feelers,"however; this name being doubtlessly due to the manner in which many insects employ these curious outgrowths. A more exact name for them is Antenna, the word itself being of Latin derivation, and signifying, in the original, the yard-arm of a ship.

Even our best entomologists have thus far failed to discover the object and use of these antennae.

'Some observers have considered them to be organs ot smell or of hearing, while others regard them as simple balancers, designed to aid the insect in its flight.

It is tolerably clear, however, that the antennae are in some way connected with the special senses of the insect; they may be aids in smelling, hearing, or some other of the senses with which we are familiarly acquainted, though likely, most likely, perhaps, they are the medium of some sense with which human beings are not familiar.

Because we are endowed with but fiv# well-developed senses—seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting, and feeling, we should not rashly conclude that these are the only avenues of communication with the outer world possessed by any of the innumerable creations of our God.

Under some circumstances, animals exhibit powers which to us are inexplicable as manifestations of any one of the common senses.

Such, for instance, is the sense of direction, by the exercise of which, animals find their way between distant places, without artificial aid.

The exact way in which the antennae are made of service to the insect, may still be a matter of doubt, but that they are of use is entirely beyond question.

Observe the way in which a pair of ants from the same nest, communicate with each other when they meet.

They cross their antennae, pat and caress each other, and seem to effect a very satisfactory exchange of ideas.

The writer remembers once coming across an ant hill through which a wagon wheel had cut only a short time before.

The evidences of distress and concern on the part of the ants were wonderful; but the little workers spent no time in idle sorrow on the contrary, they set to work in a truly systematic manner to repair the damage and I observed that they attended to the most pressing needs first.

How different indeed from the frequent loss of presence of mind with which we human creatures are afflicted in cases of emergency.

We have, perhaps, heard ol the man whose house was afire, and who became so frightened and disconcerted that, in his eagerness to save his goods, he began to throw the most valuable things from the window, and among other things, threw out a costly looking-glass, and then carefully carried a pair of feather pillows down the stairs.

This is extreme, but it is scarcely an unwarranted exaggeration of human excitement in the presence of danger.

But the ants, whose house had been damaged, showed some system in their actions.

They first gathered up and carried to a safe place the tiny white bodies which one may see at almost any time about a broken ant hill, and which are in fact the pupce or baby ants of the household.

These tender little ones would soon have been killed if left exposed to the scorching heat of the July sun.

While the ants were thus busily engaged, I picked up about a dozen of the pupae and took them off some distance, and there buried them in the sand.

The next day I visited the nest again, and found it fairly well repaired, and the inhabitants busy as usual in the affairs of their life.

I captured one of the ants, and carried it to the spot where I had buried the pupae on the preceding day. Then

I uncovered the babies and set the ant down by them.

The little creature felt about the pupae with its antennae, and soon became intensely excited at finding children of its nest in this exposed situation.

The ant seized one of the babies in its mouth and set off with all speed toward its nest.

But its eagerness far outran its steps, and, seemingly

ANTENNAE AND EYES OF INSECTS.

knowing that its speed was retarded by the burden which it carried, it at length laid down the pupa and hastened on the faster.

On the way it met another ant from the same nest, and then ensued an exciting conversation, after which the second ant hurried off in the direction of the pupae, while the first continued on its way, stopping and sending off in like manner every ant that it met.

In a short time, a dozen ants were on the spot, and the pupae were soon transferred to the protecting shelter of the nest.

Ants, and indeed almost all insects, seem to be able to communicate between themselves through the aid of their antennae; and so perfect is this system that Huber, the celebrated naturalist, has proposed for it the expressive name of "antennal language."

Let us examine a few of the different forms of antennae as they appear under the microscope. Figure 1 shows the long, slender antenna of the house cricket.

It Fig.

1.

looks much like a thread of tiny beads.

Figure is the antenna of that pretty creature, the green grasshopper.

It is remarkable from the fact that the antennal joints are larger in the middle than at mv &£& m. Fig. 2.

i-"7 ct am either end.

In figure 3 is represented the antenna of a tiny cocktail beetle; so named from its habit ot bending the hind part of its body upward whenever it is alarmed.

Many a one of this class ot beetles is not thicker than a horse-hair,

Fig. 3- and some few are so small that they are almost invisible to the unassisted eye.

These are the little creatures that occasionally cause us such painful irritation by getting inside our eyelids. We usually say that a gnat has got into our eye, but in the most of cases the beetles are the culprits. The hard outer wings and sharp pointed tails are sufficient explanation of the pain which usually attends the visits of these flying mites.

Fig. 4.

Here (figure 4) is the antenna of the ground beetle, sometimes called the garden beetle, and scientifically designated as a member of the Carabus family.

The antenna is regularly jointed, and presents an appearance which has been aptly compared to a string of pears.

The beetle itself is an attractive insect, of a slender, elegant form, and of rich color.

The prevailing hue is a burnished green or brown, sometimes deepening into lustrous black.

Some members of this family when full grown attain the length of an inch.

They are called ground beetles, because they seldom fly, and this is due to the imperfectly developed state of their wings.

They should be protected, for they are of great use in destroying large numbers of other and more injurious insects.

Another truly beautiful insect, the cardinal beetle, furnishes us with a rare form Fig. 5- 01 antennal structure (see fig. 5).

In this case the antenna is "pectinated"or notched like a comb.

The structure is much more perfectly developed in the male, and indeed it is a general fact that the male insects excel their mates in the beauty of their antennae.

It will be noticed that in all of these examples of beetles, the antennae are composed of eleven joints eaeh this is universally the case in the beetle tribe.

Here (figure 6) is the appearance presented by the butterfly's "horn."

Notice the clubbed form, which indeed is a char-

ANTENNA AND EYES OF INSECTS.

acteristic of the entire family, and furnishes a ready means of distinction between the butterflies and the moths.

Among the latter there is a wide diversity I Fig. 6.

of antennal forms, but all are pointed at the extremity.

Figure represents in a greatly enlarged form, the antenna of one of the most beautiful of moths, the ermine moth.

Our most vivid imagination could scarcely suggest an improvement in the elegance of shape and the fineness of structure of this beautiful appendage.

Figure 8 is a sketch of an antenna from a tiny gnat of the male pursuasion.

No picture can convey any adequate idea of such an object, as it appears under the magic glass. The central filament is regularly jointed, and the joints^ fa r e almost transparent, while the % whorl ed filaments that spring from the joints suggest the finest spider web.

Before leaving our subject, study figure 9.

It is a representation of the antenna of the cockchafer, as drawn by the late Dr. Carpenter, of London.

This is one of the finest of antennas.

Do not fail to observe the stout joints and the finely figured leaf-like expansions at the end.

Fig. 8.

Turning now our attention to the eyes of insects, we shall not want through a scarcity of objects.

In the case of many insects, the eyes are so largely developed that they compose the greater part of the bulk of the head.

As fine an example as could be desired is furnished by the dragon fly, or so-called darning needle.

The eyes of this creature are in the form of two large, lustrous globes, one on either side of the head.

Each of these balls is called a compound eye, being, in fact, a collection of many eyes, as will be plainly seen by carefully examining the structure with the microscope.

The faceted appearance of the house fly's eye, about which we said something on a former occasion, will be remembered as a good illustration. The facets of all insects'eyes are, as a rule, sixsided in form.

Each of these faces is but the outer termination of a tiny tube, provided with all the essential elements of a perfect eye.

In the seeing organs of the house fly there are usually about four thousand of such facets in the common cabbage butterfly, the number reaches seventeen thousand in the dragon fly, there are twenty-four thousand, and in some kinds of beetles even twenty-five thousand.

Figure 10 is a representati o n ot the head of a bee as it appears when magnified. The eye masses, comprising several thousands of facets, each Fi&- JO - with its complicated tube, are situated, one on either side of the head, and between these compound balls there are three single eyes, known as s/emma/a, and sometimes as ocelli;

these are arranged in a triangular form.

All insects

MELBOURNE CUP DAY.

do not possess stemmata, and among those that are so provided, some have but one, others but two, and none more than three.

Many observers have supposed, because each of the numerous facets of insects'eyes seem to be a perfect and independent organ, that these little creatures see a distinct and separate image through each of the eye tubes.

As one writer has very properly said, if such be actually the case, it must be an agonizing moment for a butterfly when an openmouthed bird, or a cruel-fisted boy darts toward it, for the terrified insect would in all probability see thousands of foes in one.

Such a belief is scarcely reasonable, however.

Human beings possess naturally a pair of eyes, yet they do not see objects double in consequence.

True it is, that two images are produced within the organs of vision, and in all probability, double impressions of every object looked at are conveyeed to the brain, but the living brain interprets such according to the facts of existence, and conceives of but one object when but one was viewed.

Yet we do not know the full operation of insect vision; we have no means of comparison.

So, too, with the antennse to the insect they are of paramount service—and so well adapted are they to their intended purpose, that they bear the unmistakable marks of a Creator's power.

J. E. Tahnage.

MELBOURNE CUP DAY.

Cup day with the people of Victoria is the day of all days.

Christmas may be hailed with more delight by the children, but to the adults it has nothing like the charms of Cup day.

It is on this day that the spirit of pleasure-seeking, which has such a hold on the people of Australia, and on the world generally, is given full play, and all flock forth to take part in this great racing carnival.

Racing, cricketing, and foot-balling, in different, parts of Victoria, daily call out large numbers of people, but it remains for Cup day to make the greatest and grandest display.

About three miles from Melbourne is situated the Flemington Race Course, which is considered by some people to be the best in the world, and by others to be second only to the Epsom Course in Eng land.

But be that as it may, having seen the Flemington, I can hardly conceive oi a finer situation or better surroundings than this possesses.

The race course proper lies on a beautiful green flat surrounded on three sides by hills from which a splendid view of the whole course is to be had.

On what are known as Flemington Heights are erected three large stands with a seating capacity many thousands; and for the luxury of a seat in one of these enviable positions one might pay from a half-crown (sixty:ents) to one pound ($4.80), according to choice. The non-paying public, however, issemble on other hills and on the flat, the latter being within the race course.

Having heard so much of this day's racing, of the immense crowds which yearly assemble, and being desirous of gaining experience, my companion and I determined to make an effort to be present.

Accordingly on the morning of the fifth of November (Guy Fawks'or Gunpowder plot day, as well as Cup day) at: 30 a. m. we were slowly wending our way over hills and dales from Scoresby to the metropolis, a distance of eighteen miles.

Having accomplished this distance in company with a good lady, Sister Tillack, who is carting fruit to the Melbourne market, we bid her good-bye and make a foot journey of four miles to Footscray, where we visit with some Saints until time to go to the races.

As early as: 30 a. m. people had begun to gather, and when we reached the course (about 12: 30) the stands were black with humanity, there being besides, great multitudes on the hills and on the flat.

As one of our objects was to see the crowd and note the trickery, we

MELBOURNE CUP DAY.

chose the latter place.

The fact of our purses being rather slim was anothei strong incentive, to our taking a standing seat.

The flat which but a few hours before was covered with green grass, knee high, gently swaying in the breeze and presenting a pleasing sight, was now greatly changed.

The multitudes which had swept over it had laid the grass low, and up near the judges stand, where the crowd was the greatest, had powdered it until clouds of dust arose above the swaying throng.

As stated, this is the day when every one turns out, and among the throng we behold all grades and classes of society, from the wealthy baron in his broadcloth, to the vagrant whose dirty, ragged, rotten threads scarcely cover his nakedness.

All, too, have endeavored to save a few shillings to spend on Cup day and as near as I could judge, old and young, rich and poor, as one grand whole, risk a few on the races.

The trickery 1 had heard so much of was far below what I had anticipated, (the writer comes from America) but taken altogether it was a day long to be remembered.

Without speaking of all the different contrivances invented, and plied here for all they are worth, to induce men to risk a few shillings with a possible chance of gaining more,

I will mention only one, which will give an idea of what was going on.

A young man having some twenty-six cards in his hands, numbered from one to twenty-six, was surrounded by a crowd, and handing out a card to any one who chose to give him a shilling.

He generally succeeded within about two minutes in securing seven or eight shillings, when he would ask which of those to whom he had given cards held the highest number, which, being found, he would give to the lucky holder the number of shillings received less one which he reserved for his "honest labor."His only cry ran thus "I don't care a lump of straw, or a lump of mutton who wins as long as I get a shilling for my honest labor. Who'll have another?

Another;

anybody!"So he was working this for all it was worth, receiving every two minutes a shilling for his "honest labor. "This is a sample of what was carried on in the flat aside from the betting on the races.

Of course, such a gathering is not without its side-shows of trained snakes, geese and monkeys, to say nothing of the various other amusements customary on like occasions.

The first of the races, and the one in which I was most interested, was a hurdle race.

I had often wished to see a good hurdle race, and my anticipations and wishes on this day were fully realized.

A few minutes after one o'clock the start was made.

The ten thoroughly wellprepared horses, mounted by jockeys in Jackets and caps of brightest hue, ran for three miles, every now and then clearing a hurdle.

The spectacle was as novel as interesting to me.

During this race two horses went down in attempting to clear the hurdles.

There were six races in all, but the interest of the day was centered in the third, or "cup race,"when the Melbourne cup is presented to the owner of the successful horse.

There were twenty horses—and fine-looking ones too—that passed us on their way to the starting point. A few minutes later they came thundering past seeming to shake the *'ery earth.

As they passed us the second ime all in a confused bunch, I involunarily held my breath, fearing lest one of he leading horses should fall and play;ad havoc with all the remainder.

No, hank you; I care not to become a jockey.

This race was for a distance of two miles, which was run in three minutes, thirty-two and a half seconds.

Won by a Ballarat horse known as Bravo.

Carbine, a New Zealand horse, which came in a half length behind Bravo, was the favorite, and his backers assert that had he not been compelled to carry the crushing weight often stones (impounds) and had he not had a broken hoof, he would have won surely.

If, and but During the interval between races, the aristocracy created quite an attraction as they promenaded up and down the lawn.

It is reported that a few years back, dresses costing hundreds of pounds were worn by some of the ladies, but that day seems to have gone by.

However, some

JOHN KNOX.

1 43 very becoming and expensive costumes were worn.

Those which to my mind were the most becoming were the plainest.

I am told Lady Locke, the wife the retiring governor, wore the same dress this year as last, and gained thereby, from a certain class, considerable unfavorable comment.

A remark I overheard, as I stood looking at the elite pass down the lawn, about expressed my opinion of the beauty of the gentler sex.

It was this:

• "I have not seen a goodlooking woman yet, and I have been standing here quite a while too."I thought he was just a little severe; but with a few, a very few exceptions, he was right.

But the heart makes beauty, and it is to be hoped the ladies who lack in facial beauty, have hearts that make them precious.

The throng assembled was variously estimated to be from a hundred thousand to a hundred and twenty-five thousand, and was made up of people from all the colonies. The crowd, considering its size, was exceptionally orderly; but I will not say, as did Christie Murray, an English journalist, that I saw no man drunk; for I saw a number who were far from being steady, and this unsteadiness I noticed was not confined solely to the male portion of the assembly.

I agree, however, with the gentleman in his statement, that I saw nothing sold on the ground stronger than soda water;

but I have been informed since, that one side of the course was lined with shops where any intoxicant could be had.

We had not visited the spot, and "where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise."The greatest noise by far, which was made, was occasioned by those selling betting-tickets, who, by the way, were dressed in the oddest manner possible.

The races being over, the immense throng begins to separate and again there is a novel spectacle.

Those going to Melbourne make a grand rush for the trains which are standing in readiness, and the crush is terrific.

I am thankful I was a spectator rather than a participant.

No lives were lost, however.

The excitement being over, we are willing to seek rest at Footscray.

Various are the rumors of the immense sums lost and won by different individuals.

I have heard of but one suicide as a result.

As before stated, it was Gun Powder Plot Day, and as darkness spread her mantle over this side of the globe, bonfires were seen in various directions, and fireworks in general began to play.

So ended Cup Day, as far as I was concerned.

Geo. E.

Woolley.

JOHN KNOX.

John Knox, the Scotch "Apostle of the Reformation,"was born at Gifford, in the "Lothians,"in 1505.

In regard to his family but little is known, a fact that leads us to think their condition was humble.

He received the first rudiments of education at the grammar school at Haddington, and from there at the age of sixteen he went to Glasgow University.

Being a very apt scholar, he early became famed as a theological disputant, and at the age of twenty-five he was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood.

He was well acquainted with the learning of the age in which he lived, and was endowed with a great amount of eloquence.

His zeal and cutting sarcasm rendered his preaching of the kind that rouses and inflames the hearers against what the mind of the speaker led him to direct his discourse.

In 1530, Knox went as a teacher to the college of St. Andrews, in Fifeshire, where he resided for twelve years.

Here he imbibed those ideas against the church of Rome, which afterwards rendered him famous.

Having renounced the faith, he was degraded from the priesthood in 1543, and, being in danger of assassination, he took refuge with Douglas, of Longniddry.

About this time he became acquainted with George

Wishart, and the two great opposers of Rome became fast friends, so much so that when, in 1546, Wishart was

JOHN KNOX.

burned at the stake by Cardinal

Beaton, it was witli difficulty that Knox was kept from voluntarily giving himself up to suffer the same fate.

There is a legend, that when Wishart was being put to death he addressed Beaton, prophesying before many days

Beaton's castle should be taken from him by force, and he murdered in his own house.

Whether the prophecy was made or not, the cardinal was murdered on the 29th of May in the same year, and his castle became, for the time being, the headquarters of Protestantism.

Knox took refuge among his friends in the castle of the murdered cardinal, and here he first became famous as an eloquent preacher.

In 1547, a French fleet took the castle and imprisoned the friends of the reformation.

Knox was taken prisoner and condemned to serve as a galley slave.

Perhaps it was the severe treatment that he had received that made him so bitter an enemy to the Papal power, at least his hatred was bitter, whatever the cause.

After serving as a slave for two years he was liberated and went to England where he resided for five years. Here he was well received and became to Edward VI, son of Henry

VIII of England, and a warm friend ot Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury.

On the accession of "Bloody Mary,"he, with many others of the leading Protestants, was obliged to flee from England; it is claimed that he was very much opposed to flight, believing that he ought to be ready to offer his life for his convictions, but the entreaties of his friends, backed by the hope that he would yet be able to do a great work for his native country, caused him to decide in favor of withdrawing for a time.

He settled at Dieppe for a few months and there wrote a work entitled, "Admonition to the Professor's of God's Faith in England."He also took part in the discussions at Frankfort in regard to the using of the English liturgy, and here his opposition to the Catholic Church, or any of its ceremonies, led him to take the side of the Calvinist faction against that of the Episcopacy.

The Episcopacy proving to be the stronger faction, Knox retired to Geneva.

1° I 555» he paid a rapid visit to Scotland, but finding that "the day of deliverance had not yet arrived,"returned to Geneva.

He became pastor of one of the Calvinist churches of that place and here he learned from the "fountain head"those doctrines which had been the religion of his native land for four centuries.

1° J 559.

he returned to Scotland and began his career as the head of the reformation in that country.

He was now in the fifty-fourth year of his age, and full of zeal, intrepidity and disinterestedness.

In morals, he was severe and rigid, caring neither for rank nor power.

Rigid in his own conduct, he had but little mercy for the failings of others, but with acrimoni6us and vehement language attacking whatever displeased him, he at times made bitter enemies.

The queen-regent, mother of Mary Queen of Scots, in vain tried to withstand the power of Knox.

At a speech delivered in Perth, so much power did he exercise over the people that in the height of their enthusiasm they attacked the Catholic churches and monasteries, destroying their decorations and images, and in some cases the churches themselves. The riot was carried all over the country and bore down all opposition.

In 1560, the Scottish Parliament established Presbyterianism, with Knox at the head, as the established religion of the country.

In 1561, Mary, Queen of Scots, took the throne; and, having been raised in France, it was natural to believe she had a leaning towards Catholicism.

Knox was prejudiced against her on this account, and her numerous vanities brought forth his fiercest invectives and brought on a rupture between them.

He was compelled to retire into comparative privacy for two years.

Queen Mary having, by numerous acts, lost the love and confidence of her people, was obliged to flee and take refuge with Elizabeth of England who, like the vulture, "protected to destroy."Mary was cast into prison, from which she at last emerged to end her life at the executioner's block.

Knox was again at the helm of affairs and had almost completed his labors in establishing the reformation.

He was

LEAVES FROM A NOTE BOOK.

H5 even thinking of retiring to Geneva to end his days in tranquility, when, through misunderstandings and jealousies, he was again forced to leave his position in order to prevent his being assassinated.

He returned to Edinburgh in 1572, and died in

November of the same year.

The force of character of Knox has shown itself in the church which he founded and the doctrines he advanced.

Disliking all kinds of pomp and show, we find that his followers in their religion were devoid of such things.

No fine statuary graced their churches.

No bright painted colors were on the ceilings, and no stained glass adorned their windows. His daring spirit, irritable and acrimonius disposition, rendered him fit to advance the reformation among the fierce turbulent people among whom his lot was cast.

A more gentle manner might have failed, and a humbler person would have been unequal to the task. The Earl ofMorton had been chosen regent on the day when Knox was buried.

This man, who had little cause to love the reformer, gave him a high mark of credit when he said, "There lies he who never feared the face of man."Ward Stevenson.

Fortunes are made by taking opportunities: character by making them.

LEAVES FROM A NOTE BOOK.

A VIEW OF "SHASTA.

What a plague of rain (the expression is borrowed.) Along the Columbia River, rain At Portland, rain Through the seemingly never-ending forests of pine trees, from the southern boundary of Washington Territory to Puget Sound, rain Yes, very deluges of rain.

It was impossible to see the country through which we passed.

We only knew that on our right, for the last five hundred miles, there was a cordon of mountain peaks, culminating at last in Ranier, the King of the Northern coast.

And even at Tacoma, what could we see but the town, half drenched, and a sullen outstretched surface of waters, dull, under the ever descending rain?

Rain, rain, rain.

No wonder the roofs of the houses were moss-grown, and the fruits in the orchards insipid and tasteless.

It had been thus for several weeks, though we were told, confidentially, at every turn, that such weather was really unusual here.

And when, disgusted by it all, we started to return, it was very little better.

True, we had a brief view of Ranier, that is, part of him, for he refused to doff his sulking cap of cloud, nor would he show us that last proud twelve inches, that small fragment of stature, by which he towers above all his neighboring fellows v and we witnessed a wildish sort of sunset over the Sound, seen across the wet pier tops and the decks of vessels, and a glimpse or two of new made towns—

a saw mill in a clearing, with half a dozen board shanties around. But rain it would, the clouds closed in again.

We were clearly caught in the storm centre that the signal service had foretold, nor was there hopes yet of a change to fine skies.

One would die, I would imagine, set down in one of those Washington clearings, if he had lived previously where there was a chance of seeing the surrounding country.

Verily, did I live in such a place, I should take to climbing the trees.

It might not be dignified, but dignified or no, it would be necessary to me.

My heart would break in one of these towns, shut in by the high mass of forest branches, quite efficient as ever prison walls to shut out the sight of all, save the sky and the passing clouds, but from their topmost branches one could see the Siskiyou Range and Cascade peaks—Adams, Ranier, and Saint Helens, too, and others, illumined with white or red fire, at sunset or dawn.

What a glorious privilege, to be allowed to grumble (The English are a nation of grumblers, they say, and blood will

LEAVES FROM A NOTE BOOR'.

tell.) What we should have done without it, I do not know.

Though, of course, we did not mean the half that we said.

We pretended not to admire the rich colors given to foliage and rocks by the unceasing wet, though secretly we did, and once we had to openly declare it—a high, rocky cliff, thick covered with moss, and the most exquisite ferns that ever I saw in my life.

Wonder if it always rains in Oregon and Washington Territory?

If it does not, there must be some lovely sights there at times.

Yes, and they were lovely.

Now we must be honest and say so.

Fair was the valley of the Willamette, with its nooky bits and the falls.

But we were longing then for clear weather, and could not relent, under the dripping clouds.

Rain, rain, rain, rain.

Rain, as we rounded the bases of Mounts Jefferson and Scott, and Pitt, and the Sisters Three.

Rain, as we shot through the Calla Loola

Mountains, over Rogue River and by Table Rock.

Old Ocean, over there to the west, must have been, as the jolly tars say, sending it up by the bucketfull.

Pity he could not take a hint from the mountains themselves, and leave them alone as they do him, instead of sending such legions of clouds to drench them from morning to night.

The streams went roaring down the mountain-sides, tearing out fresh ravines and hollows, and sending down millions of tons of earth to find a new resting place in the ocean depths.

But, after all, we found a kind of pleasure in watching the grand phenomena the exalted parts of earth being levelled, torn down by the omnipotent sea, and carried to rest for aeons, ere, perhaps, by earthquake shock, or the slow upheaval—the balancing of things—it may again be turned up in a range of snow-covered mountains new Himalayas or Andes—to be again slowly denuded, worn down into decripitude, like the old, old hills that lie between the Canadas, and our Northeastern States.

Wonder, too, seeing that we are in a state of wonderment, if such rainfalls preceded the sinking of lost Atlantis?

Those heavy rainfalls, we are told by residents, are often accompanied by earthquake shocks—trembling of the earth along the coast for a thousand miles.

Why was I betrayed into saying all this? We were merely about to post up, concerning our days at "Shasta."

All of this has nothing to do with him unless, indeed, and there we have it, the thoughts were suggested by the dense curtain of watery cloud that kept his majesty hidden from sight the greater part of the time.

Shasta—the clear, white, shining—how often I had heard the name, and read it, too.

In how many mind-pictures was the huge old crater cone, for it is nothing else, the theme Long ere I saw it, the poetic beauty of its name, made the mountain dear to my heart.

Shasta—the clear, white, shining—You have endless, changeful moods. Not ever frowning, like that steep mount at thy side—Black Butte, or, as it is now called, Muir's Peak—which is always implacably sullen.

The heat in thy heart had long since grown cold and dead, ere the fiery lava poured forth from it.

Will you ever grow fearful again?

Mount Shasta, to begin talking rationally, belongs to the Sierra Nevada range of mountains, and has been called the "keystone "of California scenery.

It is distant from San Francisco (north) about three hundred and twenty miles, a little less than the length of the Sacramento River, that stream taking its rise on its western slopes, as the McCloud River does on the eastern.

On the mountain's very top stands a geodic monument of copper, nickle-plated and polished, erected in 1875.

On the lesser peak, for Shasta has three principal summits—the main peak, fourteen thousand four hundred and fortythree feet the Thumb Rock, thirteen thousand feet, and Crater, or lesser peak, twelve thousand nine hundred feet—there is a crater basin one thousand five hundred feet deep, whose rim, at some period, was bursted through by the lava, as may be seen from the pretty little town of Edgewood, to the north.

Says E. McD. Johnstone "Should the bottom drop out of Shasta at any time that is, if everything from an altitude of

LEAVES FROM A NOTE BOOK.

four thousand feet upwards, should sink out of sight, it would leave an awful chasm seventy-five miles in circumference!

The greatest diameter of the main summit is about one and one-half miles, measured from north-east to south-west."

From near Castle Lake, from Sisson's, from Dunsmuir, or from Strawberry Valley, it is hard to tell from which locality we get the finest views.

Ever a change of foreground, but always the same majestic centre.

Over grassy meadows, across the wild gorge cut by the infant Sacramento, or over the forests of pine, ever the same white, marble height.

In shape it alters somewhat from these different points of sight, but the effect is always the same on the mind.

But at neither of these places, however, did we happen to stand when the clouds rolled away at sunset, disclosing to our wondering eyes the mountain from top to base, unutterably grand a vision like the great white throne that was seen by

John.

We were about to enter upon a little wood path, that goes winding among the pines.

A dense chaparral extended from our feet to that of the mountain.

There commenced the lower swells of hill—blue-black with pines.

Above these, dark, murky heights, with old snow in their gullies, and then in its loneliness commenced the tremendous dome.

What a sight to see It was the 18th of June, yet the storm clouds had covered, for the upper five thousand feet, the hoary old monarch with a new and unstained raiment of white.

Coldly austere seemed the mountain to us.

Soon the amber and rose faded from off the few threads of cloud that floated above the crest.

Then the clear vault grew violet, then purple, with a sprinkling of silver stars.

I fell in love with the pine-wood path.

The air there was heavy with the perfume of the resinous trees, and the floor of the wood was thickly covered with huge fallen pine cones. At the path's beginning, there were other trees than pine—black cedar and white and black mountain oak, the old white cedars, with red corrugated trunks, and barkless and weatherseamed.

All of the next day we waited for fresh clouds to lift, but we were not to see the mountain again.

A cold, sharp wind swept through the valleys and moaned among the pines. Not once did we see more than a third of the mountain's height. Heavy and wan clung wreaths of cloud to its sides.

At intervals rain fell in the valleys.

All was dismal and drear.

It is a pity to see the Sierra woods destroyed, as they are being destroyed.

An irrevocable edict seems to have gone forth against them.

We felt to cry out shame I when we saw the graceful sugar pines, being all cut down, great and small, to make railway ties.

But perhaps it is necessary.

Many centuries must elapse before another such lordly race of trees can take their place.

At the end of the path already mentioned, we found the huts of the wood cutters, and a number of men were near by, felling the trees.

One of the men was a very intelligent young fellow, quite proud of the mountain near by, as though he had a sort of ownership in it.

He incidentally told us that with the money he made at tie-cutting he expected to build a home for his future bride.

It would have been hard work, I think, to have made him look upon the timber with a sentimental eye.

To him its fall meant the near approach of wished for hours.

Another thing I remember his saying is, that no human being would be able to push his way through the chaparral from his hut to the mountain's foot, a distance of perhaps some three or four miles. One look at the gnarled, twisted, stubborn and interwoven mixture was enough to verify his words.

One landlord was honesty itself.

When we asked him what our chances were for clear weather and a chance to work, he replied:

"Waal, waal, you see, it kind 'o hangs on for a good long sort o'spell, when it gets into this 'ere shape."So, accepting his kindly hint, and the next morning bringing showers of drenching rain, limiting the view around to a few groves of black oak and pine, we boarded the first south-bound train and were soon away from the mountain, rattling along towards the Lower Sacramento Valley.

Alfred Lambourne.

PIONEER

SKETCHES.

Would the readers of The Contributor like a glimpse of every day life in Utah's early times?

If so, let them picture to themselves a small fort built in the form of a square, perhaps sixty rods long on each side, the four sides being occupied by about fifty or sixty small dwellings of adobe the vacant space between being filled in with pickets twelve feet high, compoesd of house logs set in the ground as closely together as possible.

On each of the four sides is a pair of folding gates made of thick plank, open during the day, but closed and fastened at nightfall.

Looking attentively one might have seen, in those days, a few, vigilant, armed men pacing about the fort all night.

That is the guard.

For two or three years the fort has been thus guarded for although the pickets are high, an enterprising Indian might climb over, unfasten the gate and let in a horde of savages, anxious for blood and plunder.

So all take their turns at guard duty, every fourth or fifth night, going upon duty at 9 p. m., and going off guard at daylight.

It is early to-night, and from many a casement shines a dim radiance.

I wonder if it be gas or kerosene that is illuminating the night?

Let us look in and see.

No it is neither gas, oil, nor even tallow it is only the light from the blazing pitch pine in the fire place.

This is not quite as serviceable as oil or tallow for illuminating purposes, but it does very well, like all other things where there is none better.

For several years pitch pine firelight was the only illuminator used, except in very rare cases, as, for instance, in case of sickness, when tallow candles might be obtained.

Why not use candles? Because there is nothing from which to make them.

No man can afford to kill his work-ox or a cow, for these animals are almost his sole dependence for support. Consequently, also, for months at a time, there was no meat, except, now and then, a little game.

Hunting was not engaged in much since it was thought wise to preserve the wild game for the support of the Indians, thus avoiding cause of offense to them.

Our diet was very simple.

Bread and milk, thickened milk—mush and milk—this was the usual bill of fare, month after month and, when the little flour brought by the colonists was eaten, we had to grind wheat in an old coffee mill.

Every night a number of men might be seen gathered at the little mill, slowly grinding out their supper; coarse food, but wholesome.

pLet us peep into Brother Henry Lunt's house—for although he is but a young man and unmarried, he has one—and see what this coterie of a dozen young men are doing.

What is it, boys?

"Oh, this is the regular evening for our weekly free-and-easy."Ah, you seem a little mystified;

our "Free-and-easy"is a sort of Mutual Improvement society.

Each member is expected to add his share to the general enjoyment by gospel teaching, recitation, a song, story or anecdote, just as he may feel inclined.

This, you see, is good and useful too—far better than idling away the time in the manner now done in many cases.

Now one young man sings a song of his own composition.

I do not remember the lines, nor can I vouch for the correctness of the meter, but this is the chorus in which all heartily join "Parowan in all her glory Parowan's the place for me Each may sing or tell a story Each rejoice for liberty.

For we are the true born sons of Zion."

And they do rejoice indeed for liberty.

It is but a little while since they escaped the mobs, the fire and murder of Illinois—since they finished their wanderings over more than fifteen hundred miles of wilderness, and found at last a resting place.

Truly to them Liberty is sweet—they indeed know how to prize it.

Here in this peaceful valley many of the older people—harassed and worn out by the persecutions of an intolerant priestcraft, more befitting the dark ages than the present, will lie down to rest in full hope and assurance of a glorious, holy resurrection.

To their tired lives death has no terror, but is only the entrance to a fuller, happier and more glorious life.

But, to carry the vision further, the sun

PIONEER SKETCHES.

is up, and now in the public corral (which for security is placed in the center of the fort) may be seen the busy milkers just finishing their pleasant task.

Soon the cow herd is turned out in charge of a wellarmed guard, which is shortly to be followed by the horse-guard with the horses.

And here is another—the picket-guard—who take their way to a hill not far away, from the summit of which they may scan the whole valley and detect the approach of any unknown party.

Every man had [to take his turn at all these duties.

You may easily see it was a very onerous labor, taken in connection with the thousand other labors that must be performed in a new colony.

We must build our houses, but must first make the adobies and get them in place;

for our lumber, we must go to the mountains and cut and haul the logs to the mill which President G.

A.

Smith has built.

For lack of nails, we must fasten the boards of our floors and roofs with wooden pegs—a slow and tedious process.

But we must have a house—no one is able to hire help—so each man must create his own materials and build for himself.

And so in other things, he must learn to repair his broken-down wagon, his plow and other tools—to make what he needs—in short, to bring into exercise all his faculties and ingenuity.

And then there are cafion and other roads to make, fences to build, land to clear, plow and plant, canals to make—an infinity of labor;

everything needs to be done at the selfsame time and at once, and apparently must be.

So the little hive is truly a busy one.

But with all this, we have another care.

We are hundreds of miles from any other settlement, and are surrounded by savages whose only occupation is the chase and war.

Compared with their poverty, we are wealthy, and they, halfstarved as they are most of the time, cannot help coveting our cattle; and they long for our rifles, which will kill so much further than their sheep-horn bows and their arrows, tipped with greasewood or flint.

And no wonder they do.

White men in the same conditions would do much more—they would take what they wanted, by fair means or foul.

So we must be upon guard constantly;

and this was the fatherly counsel of President Young, and of George A. Smith, president of the colony.

No man must leave the fort unarmed;

if he is going upon the range, to the canons, or to his work in the field, he must carry arms for self-defense.

The plowman upon reaching his farm first saw that no one was watching him, then he secreted his rifle in the grass near at hand, and, as he followed his plow, scanned the country round about to be sure that no one approached him unawares.

So with the canon-bound men.

If unpleasant rumors were in the air, they went in numbers strong enough for safety; and while some loaded the wagons, others stood guard.

In coming down the canon some drove two teams, the men so relieved acting as guard to the teamsters.

This was all very troublesome, you say.

Very true, but it was necessary and must be done.

This is not all.

Much time must be spent in exploring, and in active service as scouts, or in repelling Indian depredations.

Our military drills must not be neglected.

Often we parade in company or battalion drill, for such exercises always had a salutary effect upon the

Indians.

To them it betokened a readiness for war; and as they always preferred to attack an unready and an unsuspecting enemy, rather than one prepared, they waited for more propitious opportunities which our vigilance prevented.

Thus is realized the wisdom of President Young's maxim that, "the best preventative of war with the Indians is to let them see that you are always ready, at the same time giving them no cause for offense.

It may be truly said that, under the overruling hand of the Lord, the preservation of the early settlers from a savage foe, was due to the more or less strict observance of the counsels of the Presidency and Apostles.

And, further, whenever any serious trouble with the Indians did occur, it was always through a neglect of, and failure to observe, those admonitions.

This little sketch—not in the least overdrawn—will give some idea of the toils and dangers experienced by Utah's

i5<> "WAKE UP, JONAHS early pioneers, in settling and transforming what was then a most barren desert into a garden, such as it is to-day.

It required a strong faith, such as the Saints alone possess, to enable a people, poor, plundered and destitute as they were, even to exist in such a country.

Hut they labored in faith and God gave the increase.

Santiago.

Gratitude is the music of the heart when the chords are moved by kindness "WAKE UP, JONAH."Jonah was and is even now to be seen here snugly housed in one end of his huge old whaleboat by one of our Oakland wharves, an old Yankee sailor;

tall, lean, lank; once as full of old sea stories as an old pin-cushion is full of old needles.

Nearly all of these stories are made up of dreadful shipwrecks, in every one of which he bore a conspicuous part and was each time the worst shipwrecked sailor of the whole crew.

And I think this is why the Californians, long, long ago, when it was the habit to call the men by queer names, called this man "Jonah."

Well, in a few days the place took fire and everything, including old Jonah, as it was thought, was burned to ashes.

But as these Californians always rebuild very quickly, the workmen, while clearing away for a new foundation, heard a voice away down below, and, opening the mouth of the well that had been covered by falling timbers, there they found poor old Jonah, up to his neck in water, where he had fallen while rnnning in great haste to give the alarm of fire.

This and other less important incidents in the same line gave the honest old sailor such a reputation for bad luck that few fishermen or pleasure parties were willing to embark with Jonah if other boats were to be had at hand.

But on the 28th of November, 1S86, the day on which the California Arbor Day was established, the old man had his big boat filled with as bright and lovely a little crowd of country boys and girls as could have been found for miles around.

And this was because every other boat had been engaged to go to Yuba Buena Island, in the middle of the great and most glorious Bay of San Francisco, where the ceremonies were to take place.

This great big and ugly island in this broad and most beautiful bay on the globe—if we except the Bay of Naples, perhaps—was a barren and rocky place.

It belongs to the Government and has a pretty lighthouse on it.

And so, as thi? barren island lies almost in the middle of this magnificient bay, and is nearly between Oakland and San Francisco, where boats pass by continuously, it was agreed that it would be a good thing to begin our California Arbor Day by planting this ugly and barren island with forest trees.

The sun was high and hot, and you could see thousands and thousands of children in red and white and blue clambering up ihe stony steep ot the island away out in the middle of the bay before the old man Jonah could find a customer.

And then suddenly there came a crowd—a crowd that had missed the last boat by the least part of a minute—

a crowd of strangers—strangers to one another mostly.

They had come down from the country on the cars by twos and threes and fours.

And when the plank of the last boat was pulled in this little band of young folks from the country melted in together and wandered along the shore till they found Jonah.

They tumbled into his boat with a shout.

They were so glad!

Nearly every one had a brother, sister, cousin or something of that sort along.

True, there were two or three young men who did not have their own sisters.

But they had some other young men's sisters and so did not complain. There was one pale and plain littte girl who seemed quite alone.

She was very plainly clad, too.

Her dress was black.

And there was a blond young man, lofty and handsome and

WAKE UP, JONAH."saucy, who was all aione.

The pale little girl looked up to him and seemed to like him.

But he was clearly in love with himself, and did not very graciously accept the seat which Jonah assigned him by the side of the solitary little girl in black.

But, still, as everybody else was happj', he, too, must make merry;

and as the great boat, with its fluttering flags and living passengers, pushed off and swung about with its head towards the island, the blond young man shouted out:

"I say, old duffer, what's your name?""Jonah;"and the word came up like the growl of a grizzly bear, as the old man leaped heavily to his oars.-

The name and the manner, too, of the old man seemed to dampen the spirits ol the handsome blond boy who sat by the side of the plain little girl in black; and he said no more, but sitting himself over to one side he drew out a bunch of nasty cigarettes, and, without even asking anybody's leave, lighted one and puffed away, as if he had been smoking ever since his mother had left off his long clothes.

The old man pulled hard and steadily.

The pretty girls from up in the Sierra Nevada Mountains glanced out from under their bonnets and all took in the sunlight and the sea and were silent with joy and admiration.

But long before the clumsy big whaleboat, with its one pair of oars in feeble old hands, could make the landing the ladder was drawn up and the ceremonies well under way.

In this state of affairs all that could be done was to pass on around towards the

Golden Gate and get as near to the music and the speakers as possible.

This the old man did, and, casting anchor, was soon nodding in his seat, for the sun was hot, and then his work had been long and hard for one so old and worn.

The big boat swung about, pointing towards the Golden Gate, which opens into the Pacific Ocean some five miles distant.

This brought the rope by which the anchor hung close under the arm of the blond young man with the cigarettes, where it creaked and squeaked continuously.

The music ceased, and then the speaking began.

But the party in the boat could not hear what was said, and some of the less thoughtful began to grow restless and mischievous.

A frecklefaced boy, with small eyes and a sunburnt nose, tried to tickle the sleeping old Jonah on the neck with a wooden toothpick, but could not quite reach.

This inspired the blond young man, and sticking his burning cigarette on the point of his penknife he leaned over and, in the midst of giggles from the whole party, with one exception perhaps, he held it close under the old man's nose.

Fortunately it did not harm him, and, after coughing slightly from the smoke, old Jonah again doubled up like a pocketknife and soon was sound asleep as before.

But the spirit of mischiefwas now abroad, and the handsome blond boy, with his pen-knife in his hand, turned his attention to the creaking, squeaking rope that held the anchor.

At first he only cut it a little, just for fun.

And how they all did giggle!

All but one; and that one put out a little brown hand feebly from under a black shawl and laid it reproachfully on the blond boy's arm.

This only angered him and, setting his teeth, he severed the rope and let the great boat swing loose and drift as it liked.

The giggles burst into laughter, laughter loud and furious as the old man's head bobbed up and down under the action of the swiftly moving boat, and his hands.

"I hear the music again; but it seems a good way off,"said the eldest of the girls suddenly.

She half arose, and, looking in the direction which the boat was drifting, cried:

''And the Golden Gate is close by And the great ocean Look Here is the open ocean! Wake up, Jonah! Wake up, Jonah Blanched faces, and silence! No one moved or spoke.

But down from over the side of the boat a little white cigarette slid, and falling into the water with a scarcely audible "sizz"was soon left behind and lost sight of.

The old sailor opened his eyes slowly as his name was called.

Slowly he looked from one terrified face to the other, and slowly but

"IVAA'E UP, JONAH."certainly took in the situation.

He did not say one word or look right or left.

He only held tightly to his oars and kept in the midst of the now roaring current, straight for the open sea.

Let me explain how the Golden Gate, through which so many tons of gold have passed, is at certain times swift as the swiftest river, and at such times you cannot land at all.

You must pass right on and out, as if shot from a gun.

And this is the reason:

a great river flows into this bay and floods it full as the tide sets in.

So that when the tide sets out it goes with fearful force and swiftness through the narrow, rock-bound Golden Gate.

"Why don't you land?

Why don't you land?"gasped the blond boy at last, as the racing and eddying waters of the Golden Gate began to lap and leap into the boat.

"Shut up! or I'll land you over the hull,"was all that old Jonah said between his set teeth.

Up and down! Down and up, and away Oh, but that old boat was saucy

She seemed to smell the rattling, salty waters without the Gate.

The snap and the sparkle and the clash and the color of the awful deep delighted her.

And even old Jonah was wide awake now, wide awake as he had not been since he had retired from the sea and eked out a stint as a landsman.

There was a glint in his old eyes; a gleam of gladness, even with all this misery and hopelessness at his feet in the boat.

For the young folks were nearly all sick now; fearfully sick

Firm as the rocks that lock the walls of the Golden Gates was old Jonah all this time.

The sun was setting low and fast;

full and large and luminous as a world of flame lay the sun on the sea of blood for a second only; and then it was night on the surging, heaving bosom of the sea of seas The girls that lay crouched in the boat were but thinly clad.

They were wet and crying with pain from the cold.

The boys were no better.

In fact, they shivered harder and made a good deal more complaint than the girls.

But no sign of help.

At last in despair he gasped out.

"Do any of you folks have friends?

I mean, do any of you amount to anything?"

They did not seem to quite understand, and after a painful silence, he again began, after once more glancing back towards the

Golden Gate.

"I mean, is your father anybody—anybody in particular I mean, miss."The old man spoke with effort and desperation.

The cold was piercing his old bones to the marrow, and he knew he could not hold the oars or steady the boat much longen The eldest girl, the only one who could hold up her head as she spoke, only looked at him blankly and then said, "No"in a husky whisper.

Then all was still for a long time.

"Boy! big blond boy over there!

is your father anybody?

Who is your father, I say?

And where is he?""Yes, yes, gasped the blond head from between the girls, without rising up, ".yes, my father is a great man.

He is Sheriff of Stanislaus!""Well, let him stay in Stanislaus,"muttered the old man between his chattering old teeth.

He again glanced back over his shoulders;

light-houses and stars, stars and light-houses, and a great gleaming wall of white beyond.

But that was all.

"My little girl, my quiet little girl in black, where is your father?'The old man's voice was quite broken now.

It trembled so that he could hardly speak.

His left hand had slipped from the oar and lay helpless.

"Little girl, where is your father?"he gasped again.

Her two little brown hands clasped together clumsily, hardly able to hold together from the cold and wet; but holding them so she raised her pitiful face to heaven.

Her chin quivered and her lips trembled, but she could not speak.

The old man understood.

With his one remaining hand he lifted his hat and laid it reverently down as he said in a whisper so soft and low that maybe only He heard it:

"Then we must look there for help."

And a long time he looked steadily up-

SWEET MEMORIES.

ward.

And the trembling lips and the quivering little chin were lifted also.

The two rowlocks rattled and rasped and rasped and rattled.

The boat was her own master now.

She had turned about.

Her bow was to the Golden Gate!

The tide had turned!

It is strange that some one on some one of the many ships had not seen this party and its peril;

strange that some watcher from some one of the lighthouses had not seen this lone craft in its peril.

But it is a fact that this boat passed out of the Golden Gate, spent much of the night in the open ocean, and was finally borne back with all its precious cargo saved, and with no other help than the help of Him ta whom all will cry out for help, at least once this side the River of Rest.

Joaquin Miller.

SWEET MEMORIES.

Sweet memories come in visions of the night,

And banish sleep and thrill us through and through 'Till every pulse throbs with a wild delight

And scenes forgotten burst upon our view.

Strange fancies hold us by a magic power,

Then fade away, as fades the summer flow'r.

We clasp the hands of those now long since dead,

And press our lips to theirs in kisses sweet,

Deserted paths and by-gone places tread,

And hand in hand familiar faces greet.

'Tis but a moment and the vision's flown,

And we are left bewilder'd and alone.

We gather wild flow'rs in the fragrant vale,

Meanwhile the bluebird sings and soars away,

The low-voic'd thrush pours fourth her plaintive tale, Alone in silent reverie we stray,

With thoughts subdued, and eyes suffused with tears, As we recall these scenes of other years.

Anon, we wander by a winding brook

Close to its banks the fern and moss still clings,

And in the self-same sheltered, shady nook

The lonely whippoorwill disconsolate sings

The long night through, bemoaning his sad fate,

As those who, bowed in sorrow, wail and wait.

In the low meadows 'mong the clover bloom,

Where buttercups and daisies nod and sigh,

And the soft air is laden with perfume,

A moment we are lost in ecstacy,

And mingle with companions of our youth 'Till conscious of the sad and bitter truth

That they are gone, and this a waking dream,

Wherein our fancy revels to deceive;

And yet so perfect all these pictures seem,

That we half-doubting gladly would believe,

That youth and love and buoyant hopes were ours, And chilling frosts ne'er nipped life's fairest flowers.

Sweet mem'ries of our busy life a part,

Rifting the clouds that hang around our way, Whispering gently to the human heart,

Hope on and bear the burden of to-day.

Shrink not from trials that are hard to bear,

For life has many blessings rich and rare.

The lonely wander'r in a foreign land,

Far from his home and those he loves the best,

In memory sees again the household band,

And in the vision feels supremely blest

Full well he knows the old familiar place,

And gazes lovingly upon each face.

Thus soothed, unconsciously he sinks to sleep.

Breathing, as 'twere, a blessing and a prayer;

That angel sentinels may vigil keep,

Around the home where his fond treasures are And in his dreams softly he seems to hear

Voices of absent loved ones murmur'ng near.

Thus retrospectively we turn and gaze

Into the regions of the shadowy past,

And analyze our lives through every phase

Wond'ring what horoscope could have been cast, When first was usher'din our hour of birth, To fill the mission, taken here on earth.

Ah me! what matters it that we inquire

Into the past, or search the paths we've trod.

'Tis knowledge of the future we desire,

And grace divine to bear the chast'ning rod;

Acknowledging his hand in good or ill,

While daily toils and duties we fulfill.

Yet,—harder still would be our earthly lot

If the sweet mem'ries of life's golden hours,

The brightest and the best, were all forgot;

The perfume taken from the fairest flowers,

That bloom along our toilsome, weary way,

And scatter fragrance round us day by day.

Em?neline B.

Wells.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, Fehruary, 1890.

THE SPIRIT OF WORSHIP.

Recently a young* man said that he could not enjoy meetings.

They were too dry.

He could not interest himself in what was said or done.

His condition is one worthy of consideration for a moment.

Why did he not enjoy the worship?

If we should trace the question down we should doubtless find that he, himself, was to blame.

No good can come from compulsion, and evidently he attended meeting because he felt compelled to.

He did not go because he had the spirit of worship in his heart, and herein lies the whole difficulty.

No good can come of either self-compulsion or legal compulsion In order to make worship anything more than a mere form, the heart and soul must be in it.

Of what earthly use would it be to force young people who have arrived at years of understanding and discretion to perform certain religious acts, such as reading the Bible and praying, unless the spirit of reading or prayer is with them?

So also with attending meeting.

It would be useless; so much form, like the sectarian story of the soldier who was saved from a bullet shot by a Bible in his vest pocket—but a package of cards might have served the same purpose.

It is the desire of the soul that is satisfied in religious worship.

This desire must come from the individual and is implanted in him by the living God, and made to grow by proper conduct and by obedience, in a proper spirit, to the commands of the Lord.

As long as we feel that attending to our duties is a burden, so long will the blessings attendant upon the performance of such duties be unknown to us, so long the soul will be unsatisfied.

The Spirit of God, the Comforter, is given to man that it may whisper peace, joy and comfort to him.

That spirit is manifest in all the meetings of the Latter-day Saints, and he who comes to worship with the same spirit in his heart will feel its comforting influence, and be strengthened by its power, no matter who, that has the spirit of teaching, may occupy the time—rich or poor, high or low, educated or uneducated.

But should this spirit not be in the heart of the worshipper, he should seek it in his closet, in his home, upon his knees.

On every hand opposition is manifested against the Saints of God, and where force cannot be used, sarcasm is directed against them, and the fingers of scorn and humor are pointed at them.

To those who are weak, or who lack experience in the world, this often has a great effect in making them believe they are not as good as others.

To resist such attacks requires moral courage, an unfaltering appreciation and knowledge of the truth that has been revealed to mankind by the

Lord.

Some day the truth will be understood and its advocates will be honored.

On this subject, the editor of Harper 1 s Weekly in a recent number said

The danger of a republic, or the political rule of the majority is the repression of moral courage.

When the majority necessarily and lawfully prevails there is a disposition to regard the voice of the majority as the voice of right voxpopidi, vox Dei—which is a fatal misapprehension.

It is a man who can resist a majority who leads the world forward.

The Americans of fifty years ago who were despised, rejected, hunted, mobbed, and ridiculed by the majority, are now seen to have been especially patriotic, and the chief authors of the national union and happiness of to-day.

James Russell Lowell recently made use of the following language, directed against the growing skepticism and infidelity so prevalent among certain classes:

The worst kind of religion is no religion at all, and these men, living in ease and luxury, indulging themselves in "the amusement of going without religion,"may be thankful that they live in lands where the gospel they neglect has tamed the beastliness and ferocity of the men who, but for Christianity, might long ago have eaten their carcasses like the South

MISSIONAR Y EXPERIENCE.

Sea Islanders, or cut off their heads and tanned their hides like the monsters of the French Revolution.

When the microscopic search of scepticism, which had hunted the heavens and sounded the seas to disprove the existence of a Creator, has turned its attention to human society and has found a place on this planet ten miles square where a decent man can live in decency, comfort and security, supporting and educating his children unspoiled and unpolluted a place where age is reverenced, infancy respected, manhood respected, womanhood honored, and human life held in due regard; when sceptics can find such a place ten miles square on this globe, where the gospel of Christ has not gone and cleared the way and laid the foundation and made decency and security possible, it will then be in order for the sceptical literate to move thither and there ventilate their views.

But so long as these men are dependent upon the religion which they discard for every privilege they enjoy, they may well hesitate a little before they seek to rob the Christian of his hope and humanity of its faith in that Savior who alone has given to man that hope of life eternal which makes life tolerable and society possible, and robs death of its terrors and the erave of its gloom.

No one loves to tell a tale of scandal but to him that loves to hear it.

Learn, then, to rebuke and silence the detracting tongue by refusing to hear.

Never make your ear the grave of another's good name.

Sterne.

MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE.

Events of more than ordinary interest are often connected with the experience of Elders in their ministerial labors, both at home and abroad, and are of historical value in the record of an age and dispensation that is to exceed all others in the development of God's dealings with the children of men.

That ministry that is required to preach the gospel to all the world must necessarily meet with conditions and vicisitudes that no other ministry ever contemplated and when with this requirement is connected the labor of gathering the Israel of God who have been scattered among all nations, as a part of the promised work that is to restore all things, temporal as well as spiritual powers are involved, and must become a part of the judgment record.

In view of any historical value that may attach, the following description of an interesting episode in my experience in the labors referred to is furnished

On the 23rd of May, 1854, in a large and spacious committee room of the House of Commons of the British Parliament, in the City of London, could be seen tables arranged nearly in the form of a half circle with a committee consisting: of fifteen members of the Commons; seated on the outer side facing inward, with John O'Connell, Esq., a prominent Irish Catholic defender, in the centre, as chairman.

In the innerside of this circle, with a government reporter by his side, sat the writer of this with all eyes fixed upon him.

This moment appeared to me one of supreme interest.

The fire of intelligence seemed to glow from every eye, and served to kindle a responsive light in one ready for the catechists.

This body of noble looking men, by whom I was confronted, were a committee of Her Majesty's Government on emigrant ships, and were present in their official capacity.

I was there, not by invitation to be merely an observer of what was to transpire, but by an order of a government officer, which had been delivered to me under the Queen's seal, at my office in Liverpool, some days previous—an order not to be disregarded with impunity.

This order to appear and answer to such a tribunal created some little apprehension with some not aware of its nature and object, but none on my part, knowing that it involved only my acts as a licensed

MISSIONARY EXPEKII-.Si /•;.

emigration agent, in which business I had been successfully engaged, and carefully watched by government agents.

The object of this committee may be understood by the order of the Commons creating it 'That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into the recent cases of extensive loss of life aboard emigrant ships, whether by sickness, wreck, or other causes; and generally into the efficiency or otherwise of the existing regulations for the health and protection of emigrants from the United Kingdom."And further ordered, "That the said Committee have power to send for persons, papers, and records, and to report minutes of evidence taken before them to the house."This action of the Commons was in accord with a like action of the U.

S.

Congress, at the same time, by mutual understanding, with a view to improve the then existing laws of both governments relating to emigrants and emigrant ships.

The chairman's explanation of the object of the investigation, and a few introductory questions by him, set the ball in motion for a lively and interesting day, such as an Elder seldom gets with any audience.

The usual preliminary questions as to name and age, residence and occupation being answered, I found the door open for an investigation of all my official duties, of which all parties seemed to take the advantage.

When, in answer to the question what was my occupation?

they were informed that I was President of the British mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and in that capacity I presided over some seventy thousand of Her Majesty's subjects, and had charge of an organization more complete than any other in the kingdom, I began to feel the spirit of my mission, and they the influence of my presence.

They immediately discovered and felt there was something more than the matter of emigrants and emigrant ships before them, and questioning was by no means confined to the subject of their official duties.

Discovering an entire freedom and willingness on my part to answer all reasonable questions that related to our faith, doctrines, and organization, as well as the subject of emigration, every one seemed anxious to have his own peculiar views satisfied by drawing out the desired information, and questions were plied with a zest and zeal that I had never before encountered in my experience, but all with an evident desire to become acquainted with facts.

This questioning in which all had now become interested was not without due regard to both propriety and duty, and when any question was asked irrelevant to the legitimate subject under investigation, I was frankly reminded that I was under no obligation to answer, if not my pleasure to do so.

In this respect the utmost courtesy prevailed, such as only gentlemen delight to indulge in, and such as I have seldom seen prevail in my own land.

It was under these considerations that several hundred questions were asked and answered; many ofthe answers, purposely of considerable length, in view of a careful and satisfactory explanation.

The enquiring mind will be anxious to know the cause of this official enquiry into the interests of the emigration leaving the kingdom.

This, as explained by the committee, arose from the fact that excessive mortality had prevailed among emigrants generally on ship-board, which the Mormon emigration had not experienced.

The cause of their exemption was the object of the inquiry, as it had been reported that the Mormon emigration was conducted under a much better system than that which prevailed with shipping agents generally.

The investigation was held with a view to improve the law regulating that business, to learn if any facts could be obtained of sufficient importance to justify the committee in recommending a revision of the law, with amendments for the better protection of emigrants, and they were anxious to have any suggestions I could make to that end.

This request was timely to a full and complete explanation of the Church organization throughout the kingdom, which included England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, the Isle of Man, and other adjacent Islands.

MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE.

Inquiry into the details of the manner in which the emigration business was conducted by me, and the means I had of informing the public of any opportunity to take passage, led to a lengthy explanation of the organization which extended over the entire realm; that every town, where there was a branch of the Church had a presiding Elder; that all of these branches, included within one, and in some instances within two or three shires, or counties, constituted a conference district, with a president over |the whole that several of these conference districts were again associated and designated as pastorates, over which an Elder was placed to have the pastoral charge and the oversight of the conference included in his pastoral district; and the whole;

body of the Church was under the direction of the president of the entire British mission, whose office, for the general convenience of shipping emigrants, was in Liverpool, where also a weekly periodical was published having a circulation of about twenty thousand copies, and in which any communication the president wished to make, upon the subject of emigration or other matters of general instruction, was made to the people.

By this means the public were informed of the time a ship would be ready to sail and these presidents of branches and districts would forward the names of all parties who would be ready to sail at any given time.

If for any unforseen cause, a ship was to be delayed these parties, whose names and'addresses had been received, were notified by letter of such detention before leaving their homes, so that on arriving in Liverpool they could be booked and go on ship-board on the day of their arrival or on the following day, if more desirable.

This manner of conducting that business was found to be much more satisfactory than was the usual practice of agents throughout the kingdom, of advertizing a ship to sail for a certain port on a day named, and then, if the number of passengers desired were not on hand, delay the ship's departure, perhaps for weeks, and compel those who have arrived in port to find food and shelter as best they could in a strange place, exposed to change of climate and perhaps diet, unprotected except with such protection as land sharks and vultures give to the innocent and unsuspecting in a seaport town, on the paltry sum of one shilling per day, because the law permits it to be done.

Under the arrangements of my office in conducting business, the highest mortality that I reported to the committee of any one ship, during years of experience, was only two per cent, of the number on board; while other shipping agents were reporting numbers which were considered very excessive, really alarming.

This organized and systematic manner of shipping and forwarding emigrants was greatly admired by the committee who freely expressed their opinion that it was superior to anything that had ever been contemplated in law.

"Indeed,"said the chairman, "it is superior to anything we can enforce by law."

Further explanations of how a president was appointed by me to take charge of the company, on board the ship, to see that cleanliness and other essential habits necessary to a healthful voyage were carefully observed, as well as the religious services to which they had been accustomed, especially on the Sabbath, served to increase both their surprise and admiration, and I was asked at once if I was not assuming the authority which the law vested in the captain of the vessel.

To this I replied that the captain of the vessel most cheerfully conceded that right to the president of my appointment, knowing that the observance of ship regulations, under his management, was as much superior to what the captain's would be, without his aid, as my system of operations on land was to that of other agents generally.

My nativity, the source and extent of my authority, which, at that time, was to all foreign missions in matters referred, including Australia, the Sandwich Islands,

Malta, Gibraltar, France, Switzerland, the Cape of Good Hope and the East Indies—were all discussed as topics of interest, and absorbed the apparently deep interest of the committee, so much so that several of the members were ply-

I5« MISSJONAP V EXPERIENCE.

ing questions at the same time in a manner indicating that I was expected to transfer a liberal share of my stock of information to their account.

Utah was also inquired alter.

The form of government that prevailed, the number of its inhabitants, if there was any established religion, and if there had been any persecution suffered there, the cost of through passage, the distance from New Orleans, and manner of travel over the plains—all received attention.

In addition to the minute details of the manner of shipping and class of emigrants shipped, the character and condition of the vessels provided, with arrangements on board for the comfort of passengers, inquiry was made after our system and plan of making converts from which our emigrants were principally supplied, and whether the work of proselytism was then proceeding satisfactorily in that country; the number of the community in the whole country, was our success greatest where education was the least, which of the sexes predominated, male or female, and was there any desire to have more females than males in the emigration; and from what churches in the country were recruits principally obtained, if from the church of England.

Some amendments, which I considered would be an improvement to the passenger act, were by me suggested by request of the committee, and the investigation closed.

The committee rose to their feet, and, standing, the chairman expressed, on behalf of the committee, the unusual interest and pleasure afforded them by the interview, and that I had the thanks of the members, to which they bowed assent.

The chairman remained and entered into conversation with me upon matters of interest to himself; and, upon the appearance of the paying clerk, he was instructed to pay Mr.

Richards double fees for the time he was absent from his office in consideration of a deputy being employed there.

Upon taking leave he warmly insisted upon my meeting him the next morning in the lobby of the House to be introduced to some of his particular friends.

On meeting him the following morning as arranged, he assured me that had the

House been aware of the interest attached to my examination they would have adjourned and been present to hear it.

He had spoken of it to quite a number of the members, and each had expressed regrets at not being present.

After being introduced to several of his colleagues, we visited the House of Lords, then in session, and I had designated to me the several prominent officials and members of that body.

Upon taking leave, I was corteously invited to make my stay with him whenever I came to London.

Greater courtesy could, under the circumstances, scarcely have been extended to the prince of a royal family.

That portion of the examination prepared to report to the House, was first forwarded to me for my personal revision and correction, if needed, so that nothing should go to that body, or the public, without my sanction and approval, which I recognized as a continuation of that courteous respect which was shown from the beginning.

Names of the Committee—John O'Connell,

Chairman, Mr.

Peel, Mr. Monkton Milnes, Mr.

Chichester Fortesque, Mr.

George A. Hamilton, Mr. Vernon Smith,

Sir Thomas Herbert, Mr. Hankey, Mr.

Fagan, Sir James Anderson, Mr. Davison,

Mr. Meagher, Captain Scobell, Mr.

Liddell, Mr. Higgins.

The following morning the city papers contained a careful and minute description of the witness, Richards, together with the leading facts elicited, and such remarks as reporters present furnished for dressing, to suit the taste of their respective readers. For instance, The Morning Advertiser said:—"The London correspondent of the Cambridge Independent

Press says:

I heard a rather remarkable examination before a committee of the House of Commons.

The witness was no other than the supreme authority in England of the Mormonites, and the subject upon which he was giving information was the mode in which the emigration to Utah, Great Salt Lake, is conducted.

This curious personage is named

Richards; he is an American by birth;

is

MY SABBATH THOUGHT.

a dark, rather good-looking man; I should judge, of fair education, and certainly of more than average intelligence.

He gave himself no airs, but was so respectful in his demeanor and ready in his answers, that, at the close of his examination, he received the thanks of the committee in rather a marked manner.

According to his statements about twenty-six hundred Mormonite emigrants leave Liverpool during the first three months of every year, and are under the care of a president.

On arriving at New Orleans they are received by another president, who returns to Mr.

Richards an account of the state in which he found the ship, etc. Questions from Mr. F.

Peel elicited many interesting facts relative to the sect; but I will only stop to notice generally, that, according to Mr.

Richards, the great hope of the Mormons is to form a community by the Great Salt

Lake.

At any rate there is one thing which, in the opinion of the emigration committee of the House of Commons, they can do, viz., teach Christian shipowners how to send poor people decently, cheaply, and healthfully across the Atlantic."6".

W. Richards.

THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.

In an address delivered at Saltney, the

Hon. Wm. E. Gladstone gave utterance to the following sentiments My last recommendation to the student is one I have been in the habit of making for the last fifty years, because I then adopted the sentiments upon which it is founded, and I now make it, therefore, with greater confidence after a lapse of fifty years.

That recommendation is to those who are able to carry it out to study the history of the American revolution.

That is an extraordinary history.

It is highly honorable to those who brought that revolution about, but also honorable in no insignificant degree to this country, because it was by this country that love of freedom was sown in America.

In this country we have happily had to a great extent—and I hope we shall have it still more—what is called local selfgovernment, not merely one government at a central point, composed of parties and exerting a vast power over their fellow citizens, but a system under which the duties of government are distributed according to the capacities of the different divisions of the country and the different classes of the people who perform them, in such a way that government should be practised not only in the metropolis, but in every country, in every borough, over every district, and in every parish, and that has tended to bring home to the mind of every father of a family a sense of the public duty which he is called upon to perform.

That is the secret of the strength of America.

The colonial system, in which America was reared, was, in the main, a free colonial system, and you had that in America.

These two things are combined, the love of freedom and respect for law, and a desire for the maintenance of order, and where you find these two things combined—the love of freedom together with respect for law and the desire of order—you have the elements of personal excellence and national greatness.

I believe it is not extravagant to say that although there were but two millions of people in the thirteen American colonies at the time of the American revolution, yet from among these two millions of people there proceeded at that epoch a group of statesmen that might defy the whole history of the world to compare with them in any one country or at any period of time.

Such were the consequences of a wellregulated and muscular freedom.

MY SABBATH THOUGHT.

No lovelier spirit ever swept The vast etherial depths of space;

Or down on earth, more sweetly kept

Her place 'mid life's bewildering race!

Pure as the snowdrop's drooping cup,

Yet perfumed more than violets rare,

Her deep devotion swelling up,

As incense at the hour of prayer.

Modest, yet queenly as the rose,

A treasure in her quiet home;

*In sympathy with Mr. and Mrs. George A.

Alder, on the death of their beloved daughter, Nettie Sarah Alder, who died in Salt Lake City,

Jan. 10th, 1890, aged nineteen years, two month and twenty-six days.

i6o ASSO CIA TION INTEL L IGENCR.

Unconscious, as she freely throws,

Her wealth of love, though far she roam.

Celestial graces dwelt within,

A soul untainted by earth's sod;

No passion wave, or thought of sin, As if but fresh from hand of God!

Virtues?

Yes, such as angels know, As seraphs and immortals tell;

Just lent to earth awhile to show

The depths in which earth's myriads dwell.

A dream, a vision, yet as bright

As truth in its divinest glow;

A shadow of yon realms of light

To lure from seemings here below.

And yet 'tis past, she's soared again,

With meteor flight to realms afar,

With sudden triumph over pain,

To find yon golden gates ajar!

What welcome greeting!

See her met By hosts of friends beloved of yore;

While all our eyes with tears are wet,

And breaking hearts with grief run o'er.

By faith we know that Nettie lives,

Though in our happy circle missed;

And He who claims, was He who gave,

He from her form her spirit kissed.

And He will give her back again,

In covenant, this was long decreed;

Salvation all the Saints obtain,

And promise reaches all their seed!

God give you courage, faith and peace,

His spirit for this day of gloom;

So Nettie's love shall never cease,

But blossom fruit bevond the tomb.

Full soon, oh soon, a family group

Shall gather, clasp, rinhracc, enjoy.

To earthly baubles who would stoop,

When heaven is love, and God's employ?

Henry W. Naisbitt.

RISE IN THY STRENGTH, O ZION.

Rise in thy strength, O Zion, For at thy very door Roars the destroying lion, Furious as ne'er before.

Loud are his boasts of numbers

Hosts he is gath'ring in Rise from thy silent slumbers,

Lest he the battle win!

See how his steeds are prancing.

Wild with hilarious glee Hosts upon hosts advancing What can their object be?

Art thou their sole attraction?

Art thou their chosen prey?

If so, arise to action, If thou wouldst win the day!

Trained by thy Great Commander

Ably by him equipped, Needst thou to foes surrender,

And of thine arms be stripped?

If thou with Christ, in glory,

Looketh for resting place, Christ's is the way before thee

Do not thy steps retrace.

Make thou thy bulwarks stronger, Strengthen thy gates anew, Ease must be thine no longer, Watchmen thou hast but few.

H. H.

Petersen, Sen.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

NEW TESTAMENT SUBJECTS.—BY MILTON H.

HARDY AND GEO. H. BRIMHALL.

Course II.—{Concluded!) DISCOURSE OF OUR SAVIOR.

Lecture LXVII.

Subject:

Baptism; a place, Jerusalem; b reference, John.

iii.

LXVIII.

Subject:

Water of life;

a place, Sychar; b reference, John iv.

LXIX.

Subject:

Proclamation of His authority; a place, Nazareth;

b reference, Luke iv.

LXX.

Subject:

Synopsis of His doctrines;

His "Sermon on the Mount;"a place, Mount of

Olives; b reference, Matt. v.

LXXI.

Subject:

Instructions to His Twelve Apostles; a place, Galilee;

b references, Matt, x;

Luke ix.

LXXII.

Subject:

Judgment according to light received;

a place, Galilee;

b reference, Matt.

xi.

LXXIII.

Subject:

Divinity of His own mission; a place, Jerusalem; b reference, John v.

LXXIV.

Subject: The Sabbath day; a place,

Judea; b reference, Matt.

xii.

LXXV.

Subject:

Sacrifice; a place, Capernaum; b reference, Matt. x.

LXXVI.

Subject:

The bread of life; a place, Capernaum; b reference, John vi.

LXXVII.

Subject:

Purity of heart; a place, Capernaum; b reference, Matt. xv.

LXXVI 1 1.

Subject:

Offenses and forgiveness;

a place, Capernaum;

b reference Matt, xviii.

BRO^HVI^O BROS OGDEN and SALT LAKE CITY.

MANUFACTURERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DE/LELS!N 0} C C iff -tf as O -J "O P as c i c o d) o i « e f f?

y i:

<D co o.i? £ o en be CD Ocw * I » CO flj o « r » £ O 3 O O (1) -M C 03f-OcoOOajQ.fl:^503^Xco<<f-^§ c o a o We can furnish anvth-ingin our line, and our Prices are LOWER than the lowest.

We have the largest and best equipped repair shop in the United States, and are prepared to do all kinds of repairing.

:%&- Send for Illustrated Catalogue.

461 Washington Ave,, Dgden.

UTAH iS Main Street.

Salt Lake City-.

ismic ^EA!^ QUICKEST & BEST SOLD BY ALIi Wholesale and Retail Grocers C. W. CILLETT, MTr, CHICACO, ILL.

It is the universal ve-dict of B ik°rs arv> good Housekeepers that Magic Yea-it is the best TESTIMONIALS.

I have used Magic Yeast suo» cesstuiiy lor several vears.

It makes good, sweet bread and is always ready for use.

Mrs. A M. Tribe* Salt Lake City, Utah.

Magic Yeast is more convenient than any I ever used, It does not sour in the summer, and makes light, white bread.

Mrs. H. C. Wells.

I have tried Magic Yeast and it works like magic, mailing nice light bread.

Mrs.

E. H Anderson.

Ogden, Utah.

^Liverpool & London & Globe)* INSURANCE COMPANY.

^Unlimited Liability of the Stockholders.^ Losses Paid in the Great Firks at Chicago and Boston, $4,500,000.00 Income in the United States, 1888, /. '66,026 00 Expenditures in the United States, 18S8,? 554 396. 00 CHCAGO EOARO OF OIRICTORS:

JOHN CRETtAR. of Orerar, Adams & Co., LEVI Z. LEi TEH, late F'eld. Idler & Co..

EZRA J. WARSER, of S/jraiftie.

Warner <fc Co., WILLIAM WARREN, Resident Sec'y, Chicago, Ilia, H.

J. GRANT & CO., Agats, Sait Lake C The Kodak Camera you. press the button we do the rest."The only camera that anybody can use without instructions.

Send for the Primer, free.

The Kodak is for sale by all Photo stock dealers.

TjBE^toanDripiafc^FiImCo.

Price, 825.00—Loaded for 100 Pictures.

ROCHESTER, N. Y.

D.&R.G."Pleasant Valley COAL!

COLORADO ANTHRACITE, Pig Iron.

AGENT.

148 S. Main St..

SALT LAKE CITY.

4^ ^*~%£^ jiy SUBSCRIBE FOR ©•0% T5 e Contributor Established 1879.

Leading Features of Volume Eleven,

COMMENCING WITH THE NOVEMBER MJMBhR.

Steel T£m.££i?£i.-%rixxgz&t Four full page steel engravings portraits of President George Q. Cannon, Apostles F.

D.

Richards and F. M. Lyman, (each of whom will contribute an original paper.of deep interest) and the beautiful n<-w plate of The Three Pioneer Women of Utah.

OirigjiMLaLl JSerial^s Scientific Natural History studies illustrated, by Prof.

J. E. Talmage.

Moroni and the Nephite Republic, by

B. H. Roberts.

The Morrisite War, by Richard W. Young.

A Serial Story, by Alfred Lambourne.

A Serial Story, by Horace G. Whitney.

Frontier Life in Utah, by Santiago.

The Pioneer Women of Utah, by Orson F. Whitney.

Geography of the Book of Mormon, illustrated with maps, by Joel Ricks.

Boys of History, by Amalric.

0:«rig:i:rx&l Short Airtioleos

Stories, Biographies, Sketches of Travel, Music and Art, Poetry, Association Intelligence, Editorials and Book Reviews.

The variety and value of short papers for Volume Eleven will be greater than ever before.

Inducements to Subscribe We give ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS IN CASH for the purchase of Libraries, to the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Twenty

Wards having the greatest number of paid up subscriptions April i, 1890.

To the first, $200;

Second and Third, $100 each;

Fourth to Tenth, $50 each;

Eleventh to Twentieth, $25 each.

SUBSCRIBE, AND HELP YOUR ASSOCIATION GET A LIBRARY.

j&bgcription, Including Binding, iq Advance, $2.50.

We deliver the numbers monthly, bind them at the end of the volume and return the bound volume postage free for the price of subscription

Bound Volume Ten now ready.

Price, $2.50, including the great Premium Steel Engraving of President Brigham Young.

address:

The Contributor Co., Herald Building, Salt Lake City

CANVASSING AGENTS:

WILLIAM M. PALMtR.

JOHN T. THORN.

JOHN QUIGLEY.

S. W. JENKINSON.

>*$ fc<*-» +->>^d§£$il!!$§£ii&&*-*--* ^>*>liijW-<-» 00 OOOO OOOOOOOO OOOOOoo OOOOOOOO

WHITE & SONS CO.

PEMBROKE MEAT M A K K ET.

LEADING FRESH MEAT DEALERS.

Every description of Fresh and Cured Meats always in stock.

Game in season.

prompt attention given to receipt of orders and delivery.

WHITE & SONS CO., W.

FIRST SOUTH STREE1, TELEPHONE No SALT Xj-A-STJE CITT 00000 OOOOOOOO OOOOOOO t—«l-^ M1-^rifi®V*VBB^*'V®!»1-^-^^^3^ CS^-H s-^r^^PIOJVE^^R^tr^^ PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF 1 "EPOTUOltlR m r High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office.

W.

South Temple St..

SALT- LAKEvOITY, UTAH

kingsford's Osweoo Starch "Pure"and Silver Gloss I And Corn Starch FORTHELAUNDRV.

FOR THE TABLE.

ABSOLUTELY I»TJf£E IN <^XJ^JL,ITA. /sAmo Ir&kiAi /"sAmq l<*Pg\ I'&ftA* l<s£k>\ lc*fig>\* fo»kj<. /ngAvl (r&kX (<&)gX wA 26 LLThomiSp 28 B.E Thomaip 30 B.E.Thoma8 P 32

T7 ast First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

*TOTO WJ WJwWWWWWww

Hayes-PartridgeShoe Co.

.OTXJREBS SHOES.

L. D. YOUNI}, Agent to Utah.

No. U03 ^ace% philadephia MANUFACTURERS LADIES', MISSES,'CHILDREN'S, BOYS* and YOUTHS'....

Famous "GLieiT Shifts Art the best Fitting and Wearing Pine Dress Shirt Made.

Manufactured at CLENS FALLS, N. Y, by Z. C. M.

I. Sole Agents in Utah.

PAID UP CAPITAL, $200,000.00 CASH ASSETS, $272,865.58 OFFICERS.

HEBER J. GRANT, President.

JAMFS SHARP, Vice-President, LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, ELIAS A. SMITH. Secretary, W. J. BATEMAN, Ass't Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dlnwecdey, John Henry Smith,

George Rorvmey, John C. Cutler, Thos. G. Webber, David Ecctes, P. T. Farnsworth, Geo. W. Thatcher, William H. Rowe, Frank w. Jennings, Charles S. Burton.

CASH CAPITAL, _ $100,000 OFFICERS.

JOSEPH F. SMITH, President, HEBER J. GRANT, Vice-President.

LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, HEBER M. WELLS, Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dinwoodey, George Romney,

Wm. W. Riter, James Sharp/ Moses Thatcher, John Henry Smith, Wm. H. Rowe, Chas. S. Burton, John C. Cutler, Elias A. Smith.

Richard W. Young.

I LIFE CD F yrt& ^>g)» (£>^-< Heber J. Grant & Co., Genl. Agts., Herald Building, Salt Lake City.

U/m. Driuer 9 S09, qw> Wholesale and Retail.

The Mo^fe Reliable Drug pouge in the West IS THE FIRM OF ^WJVI. DRIVER «Ss SON, MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPl ATTENTION.

Ogden, Utah MKXKV WALLACE, Manager.

Utah Cracker Factory, fl'anutacturers of the Celebrated

Si/lmfi Sailid of c/'i/ie Bimketi^

SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Whole*de and Retail Dealers in tfie Territory.

\&®QQQCm9&BB For Sale by all Druggists.

££ Walter*, Oa\Iej \ Co., MANUFACTURERS OF CHICAGO WAX CALF^S S^UPPEB LEATHER, CARD AND FLESH SPLITS.

Huston Store, 16 and 18 South St,

Chicago Store.

179 and 181 Lake Street.

T

=THE= ^homgon % Taijlof Spice go.,-* SP1GLS 1 Mil fflll KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

n J Proprietors of the Famoua Brand of

RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO WATER STREET,

CHICAGO.^ M. SHIELDS & Co.

(1 43 & 45 State St, Chicago, [) Iffl MY IT IS THK 13KST.

TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN »)!'-HI J The LAPGEST SALE o< any Tobacco in th Wor d.

fOR PLEASURE, COMFORT, HE ALTri, SMOKE THE'MANUFACTURED ONLY BY ||y>^> W.T.Bljtck^eix^ & Co. P£\3£ - Pl)RHflM,lV.C.

| ^Sl ^Va^v4|^W'bears thp lar eecause reliable.

TREES!

We are headquarUrs for first diss Fruit Trees.

Wt, carry the btj>l varieties adapted to this climate

In addition to our nursery business we are cultivating an extensive iruit farm, and put'ing fruit upon the market daily, through the fruit season, hence we know just what the market wants All vatieties are tested here before sending th« m out.

Our nurseries are on North Washington Avenue, near Five P* ints, on the steam motor line.

Cars to and from the nurseries every half hour Send for Price List.

Address GEO. JSMUIIV *& CO,, LYNNE NURSERIES, And F^uit Farm, < )GDEN, UTAH'THE p* are those \vx up by ^* D.M.FERftY&CO.

Who are the larger Seco jii.cn in the world.\

D. M Fekuv & C«>'s 7'lustrated, Descriptive and Priced

S£ED AHNUAfc for 1890 wiil be mailed b KEX2 10 all applicants, and to last season's customers.

It is better than ever.

Every person using Garden, Flower or Field Seeds should send for it. Address

D. M. FERRY 4. CO.

DETROIT, MICH.

$1000.°?

- in Gash Will be given to the Y. M. M.

I. A.

(for the purchase of Libraries) of the Twenty Wards having the largest Lists paid up April 1st, 1890.

Agents should send in Lists and Payments now.

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

Jfje^ea'dii^ Imple/neijtjtatis^of ilta'r?

HEBER J. GRANT, PREST..

JOSEPH F. SMITH.

YICE-PREST..

.

RULON S.WELLS. SECY. aPTREAS.

OPERATIVE WflGON.-. and ACHINE CO Directors:

Heber J. Grant.

Joseph F. gmitti, Joshua F. Grant, Francis M. Lym n.

George T. Odeil, John Henry William W. Riler, Charles S. Burfon.

George Romney, Junius F. Weill, James Sharp.

Salt Lake, Ogdsn, Logan, F.agte Rock.

Hianagemcnt:

/OStlL'A F. GRANT, Gen. A/gr., GEO.

T. ODLLL, AssL ±a/l Lake Ci.'y.

Ctah ED. T WOOL LEY.

flgr. Ogden R>onch 'A. G BARBER, fl/gr. Logan Hnih C. G WRIGHT. Mgr Eag/e Rock Branch

THE SALT LAKE HERALDS Surprising Offers to Subscribers.

THE SALT LAKE HERALD has just completed its list of Premiums to be given away in April, 1890, to subscribers of the

Semi-Weekly is-ue.

The list is a stupenduous one, including 1500 prizes one hundred of which are valued at over $5.00 ea< h, and no one of which is worth less than a dollar.

We quote the first ten only, which gives some idea of the efforts The People's PAPER is putting.forth for its Semi-Weekly patrons:

.

.

.

Value.

Prize No.

1.

A Fischer Grand Upright Piano $500 00 A Thoroughbred Holstein Bull 20000 A Beautiful Decorated B.u'n Wagon 17500 A Lnt in Garden City 15000 A Holstein-Jersey Heifer 125 00 A Purse <>f.

One Hundred Dollars—Gold A lot in Lake City 100 00 A Domestic Sewing Machine 70 00 A New Piano Mower 65 00 Prize No. 10. A Purse^ of.

Fifty Dollars—Gold With 1490 other prizes of all kinds, including Purses of Cash, Sewing Machines Pictures, Books, Art Works, etc., etc.

REMEMBER.

Evkry subscriber to the Semi-Weekly Herald gets the largest, brightest and best paper published in the west, and a chance to secure one of these prizes FREE.

See your local agents, or send money by registered letter, P. O. order, check or stamps to

THE HERALD CO., Salt Lake City, Utah.

The price of the Semi-Weekly Herald is only #3.00 per year.

Prize No. 2 Prize Xo.

3.

Prize No. 4, Prize No. 5 Prize No. 6 Prize No.

7.

Prize No. 8 Prize No.

9,