June ^-^HE ROYAL ARSENAL AT WOOLWICH."

CHURCH.""SCANDINAVIA"TWILIGHT,""THE AWAKENYEAR,""LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.'"AN ENGINEER'S TRIBULATIONS."in this Number i P CUT i m I i i THE ONTRIBUTOR- A-/^ONTHLY-AACAZINEvoLxn JUNE- 1891No 8 PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR ° CO SALT • LAKE-CITY- UTAH"I

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1891.

PAGE.

Church Emigration, II, Places ol Gathering,

Andrew Jenson.

Influence of Imitation Selected.

Twilight, »...Josephine Spencer.

The Awakening of the Year, J. E. Talmage, How Some Print, Leo Ha;feli.

The Royal Arsenal at Woolwich,

J. H. Andeison, Scandinavia, III, Denmark, Edward H. Anderson.

2c,9 In the Nursery, Harper's Bazar.

Life and Labors of Orson Pratt, Milando Pratt. 305 The Bible, II, S. VV. Richards. 310 Life in California in '49 Century. 312 Hugh. A Character Sketch Cactus.

Editorial The Conference, t Reminiscences of William C. Staines, i^n Engineer's Tribulations J. H Marlineau, 320 WiLFORD Woodruff, President.

B. H, ScHETtLER, Asst. Cashier.

, 3 & 5 ©ai^t 'Sem.pfe St., Satt Sa-fec- £i I'l p^

ESTABLISHED 1873.

INCORPORATED 1888.

DOES A niRE€TOR9.

Wilford WoocIrufiF, Prest., Geoi'ge Q. Cannon, Vice-Freat., Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon,.James.Jack, I^e Grande Young, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H.

13. Clawson.

GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

Pays *5 Per Cer^t.

Interest on Savings ==z-.Deposits. ^ SJ^FETY DE?OS[T VAULT.

Boxes for Rent at Reasonable Charro Money to Itoan, °SetSm?eT at horn t^ates of Interest.

:^n*'fTH K Will not compare with one MOW BAGIHG Against H. PRICE _^ISrD L. T. ISTOTE, Prominent citizens.

Won by Improvement and Combination.

The WOODS MOWER AND REAPER Operate better combined than apart;

purchase them and you will find THE INVESTMENT MORE PROFITABLE

Than Sold in Manti, Fairview, Moroni, Nephi, Spanish Fork, Idaho

Falls, Montpelier, Logan, Ogden, Salt Lake City, and in any Railroad town between Manti in the South and Idaho

Falls in the North, where we deliver car loads at uniformly low figures, AND UNDER A STRONG GUARANTEE.

KING KASH and PROMPT PAY, Sole Agents.

Go*operative Wagon & Machine Co., LEADING IMPLEMENT DEALERS

^WMNEB BROS.^ (Celebrated <3orsets.

s HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that f'over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with com mon twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation recognized, for they have "Dr They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

«c<i<iii^ciC':(^i<i<i<«i<« iO}>}^^^^:

>^¥^^^ •^WARNER * BROS.

y^^^i \i^i<i<C<i07>}n^^^^^^}^^^^i^ For Sa/e in Salt Lake City For Sale in Ogden S Z.

C. M.

I., Z.

C. M. L SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

COHN BROS., SMUIN & THOMAS, R. K. THOMAS.

J. WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets.

BEjUnS OWK BAG GO.

•^Ba^ Manufacturers, 614, 616, 618 SOUTH UTh STREET.

OMAHA, NEB.

Best Goods. Prompt Attention. Lowest Prices.

S,P,MO[L P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer In Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies _!_'_ S,P,MD[L Tapi^, I^omnei|, J|^M?li^ong Co.

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

f^ustiG, piap[(, Joists, i^afters, Sl^i^i^Ies, nioiJJ^'9<?s.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

B. F. & H. L. SWEET MANUFACTURERS OF "COIVIIVION SENSE"SLEIGHS,:io- "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight^ Wagons

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Vrucks,

Buckboards, Lumber BuggiesGeneral Western Agents.

for hki Ckssss, Lihries, Etc., Etc.

THE HEROES OF THE NATIONS.

Biographical studies of the lives and the work of certain leaders of men about whom have gathered the great traditions of the Nations to which they belonged, and who have been accepted as types of the several national ideals.

Edited by Evelyn Abbott, Balliol College, Ox. Large 12 mo., fully illustrated;

each, cloth extra, ^i-So; li^'f ''"O''- ^i-75'I. NELSON AND THE NAVAL SUPREMACY OF ENGLAND:

By W. Clark Russell, author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor,"'The Life of

William Dampier,"etc., with the collaboration of Wm. H. [aques, late U. S. N.'n. GUSTAVUS ADOLPHUS, AND THE STRUGGLE OF PROTESTANTISM FOR EXISTENCE: By C.

R.

L.

Fletcher, M.

A., late Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.

III.

PERKiLES, AND THE GOLDEN AGE OF ATHENS: By Evelyn

Abbott, M. A., Fellow of Balliol College,

Oxford.

Author of "A History of Greece "etc.

IV. THEODORIC THE GOTH, THE BARBARIAN CHAMPION OF

CIVILIZATION:

By Thomas Hodgkin, author of ''Italy and Her InVoders "etc* THE STORY OF THE NATIONS A series of graphic historical studies

Each narrative is complete in one volume, small 8vo, profusely illustrated, and containing maps and plans.

Price per volume, cloth extra, $1.50;

half leather, gilt top, $1.75.

The latest issues are:

XXXI. THE STORY OF SWITZERLAND: By R. Stead and Mrs. Arnold

Hug.

XXX. THE STORY OF SCOTLAND: By James Mackintosh, LL. D.

XXIX THE STORY OF THE JEWS UNDER ROME: By the Rev. W.

Douglas Morrison.

POPULAR WORKS of WASHINGTON IRVING.

WASHINGTON AND THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION, 12 mo. I1.50.

THE LIFE OF COLUMBUS, 12 mo.

I1.50.

THE SKETCH BOOK, 12 mo., illustrated, I1.25.

The LIRRARY of AMERICAN RIOGRAPHY.

Fully illustrated, i2mo., each, $1.75.

I.

ROBERT FULTON AND STEAM NAVIGATION:

By Thomas W.

Knox.

II. THE LIFE OF GEORGE WASHINGTON STUDIED ANEW: By

Edward Everett Hale.

III. THE LIFE OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN: By Noah

Brooks.

TALES OF HEROISM.

By E.

S. Brooks.

Octavo, fully illustrated, each I2.00.

I.

HISTORIC BOYS: Their Endeavors, Their achievements, and Their Times.

II.

HISTORIC GIRLS:

Stories of Girls who have Influenced the History of their Times.

III.

CHIVALRIC DAYS AND YOUTHFUL DEEDS.

PREHISTORIC AI^LEIllCA: By Marquis de Nadaillac. Translated bv N. D'Anvers, author of "A History of Art."Edited with notes by W. H. Dall.

Large 8vo, with 229 illustrations.

New, popular edition, ^2.25.

"His book is one which no anthropologist should be without.

It gathers into one critical and incredulous volume all that is most solid, sure, and trustworthy in the whole realm of American

Archaeology.—5^a// Mall Gazelle.

%* Illustrated Lists of Books for YoMig People, prospectuses of the Nations,

Heroes and Nuggets Series setit on application.

G.

P. PUTNAM'S SONS, New York & London

GOOD BOOKS

for LIBRARIES, Published by Harper & Brothers, Mew York.

CHAS.

CARLETON COFFIN'S WORKS.

Profusely Illustratod.

8vo., Cloth, $3.00 eiich.

Fre<'«loin 'I'riiiniphant.

The end of Ihe EebolUon.

Redceiiiiiig:

tUo Reptibliv.

Tho Third Period of the War of the Rebellion In the year 1864.

Maroliiiig- U* Victory.| IThe Second Period of the War of the Rebellion, Including the year 1863.

The l>riiiii-beat of tlie BTatlon.

The First Period of the War of the Rebellion.

Bnll4ilnif tlie Nation.

The United States from 1783 to 1861.

Tli«> Bo.y!« of '76.

The Battles of the Revolution.

Olii Tiinos In the 4'olonieM.

From the Discovery of America to the M ar for Independence.

Th«'Ktory of Liiberty.

From the Signlnf;

of the Magna Charta to the Settlements at Jamestown and Plymouth.

Henry Mayliews'Stori«'».

Illustrated.

vols., 16mo., Cloth, 11.25 each.

BOTHOOO OF MARTIN LU- I i'OUNQ BENJAMIN FRANK- i;

THEK.

I LIN.

WONDERS OF SCIENCE.

I PEASANT-BOY PHILOSO- I PHER.

John O.

K«lu'ar's Works.

Illustrated.

vols., 16mo., Cloth, J;1.00 each.

BOYHOOD OF GREAT MEN.

I.SEA KINGS AND NAVAL HISTORY FOR BOYS.

HEROES.

FOOTPRINTS OF FAMOUS | WARS OF THE ROSES.

MEN.

I Pan I B. I>n rhaillu's Stories.

Illustrated.

5 vols., 12mo., Cloth, $1.50 each.

THE GORILLA COUNTRY.

I LOST IN THE JUNGLE.

WILD LIFE UNDER THE MY APIN6I KINGDOM.

EQUATOR.

I COUNTRY OF THE DWARFS BOOKS OF ADVENTURE.

Adventnros of a Toiiit;;

Natnrali!«t.

By Lucien Blart.

Illustrated.

12mo.

, Cloth, $1.75.

Nearly every scene or event of Interest which occurred to the exploi-ers is made tho subject of a spirited picture, the whole furnishing a rich repast to the young and curious|reader.

Interior,GhXcago.

An Involuntary Voyag'*'.

By Lucien Blart.

Illusti-ated.

12mo., Cloth, $1.25.

A nSost enchanting story for boys.

Pittsburg Telegraph.

Voyajfej* of a Merch»-nt Naviiralor of the ItayN that are Fast.

By H. W. S.

Cleveland.

12mo., Cloth, ^1.25.

Fathers who wish to show their boys of what stuff the American seaman and merchant was made In former "days, can do no better than to buy this biography.—C/iris<(cm Intel ligeyicer, N. Y.

The Startling'£xMloit8of I>r..r.B.<ini€S.

From the French of Pavil Celiere.

Profusely Illustrated.

Crown 8vo., Cloth, $1.75.

All France and most of Europe has laiighed over the adventures of Dr. Quies.—iV.

i". Tn-Hnmr.

Abbotts'Illustrated Biotfraphies.

By Jacob Abbott and John S. C. Abbott.

The Volumes of this Series are printed and bound uniformly, and contain numerous Illusti'ations and

Maps.

16mo., Cloth, $1.00 per volume.

Morley 38 vol GIBBON.

SHELLEY.

MILTON.

DEFOE.

SOUTHEV.

BYRON.

POPE.

DRYDEN.

SIDNEY.

OOWPER.

LANDOR.

BENTLEY.

'H(.Iohn) EngllNlillen of I^ettem.

umes, 12mo., each 75 cents.

BURKE.

MAOAULAY.

FIELDINO.

JOHNSON.

BUNYAN.

BACON.

SCOTT.

SPENSER.

DICKENS.

HUME.

SWIFT.

STERNE.

KEATS CHAUCEH.

I)E QUENCET.

LAMB.

BURNS.

WORD8WOBTH.

COLEBIDOE.

GOLDSMITH.

LOCKE.

GRAY.

THACKERAY.

SHERIDAN.

ADDKON.

HAWTHORNE.

CHARLES I.

CHARLES n CORTEZ.

HENRY IV.

LOUIS XIT.

HORXENSE.

MARGARET OF ANJOC QUEEN'ELIZABETH.

MARIA ANTOINETTE.

MADAjnS ROLAND.

LOUIS PHILIPPE. PETER THE GREAT.

GENGHIS KHAN. JOSEPH BONAPARTE.

CYRUS.

DABIUS.

ALEXANDER.

KOMULUS.

HANNIBAL.

PYRKHUS.

CJ5SAR.

CLEOPATRA.

RICHARD I.

RICHARD n.

RICHARD m.

A complete descriptive list of Harper & Brothers^ publications (with Index) will be se post-paid, on receipt of Ten Cents.

KING PHILIP.

JOSEPHINE.

NERO.

ALFRED.

WILLIAM THE QUEROR.

MARY QUEEN SCOTS.

CONOF People's Etiilioii. 36 vols, in 12.

16mo, $12.00.

THOMAS W.1<N0X'S WORKS.

THE "'boy TRAVELER"SERIES.

Each Volume Octavo, Clotli, $3.00.

Illustrated.

In iHexlco.

In <'i>liia and.lapaii.

In Niain and Java.

In 4Vy|<kii and India.

In Kgypt and ihe Hitiy I..aii4l.

In Africa uitli Ntanley.

In.^oiitll AincricH.

On the * ongo.

In the Itiissian Empire.

Ill Australasia.

In (]i real Kritaln anil Ireland.

YoungNiinr«i«ls in N.

America.

8vo., Cloth, $2.50.

Young >iinro«ls in Europe, etc.

ovo..

Cloth, $2.50.

The Voyage to the Xorth l*<»le.

8vo, $2.50.

Beii'llnr:

A Tale of the Christ.

By Lew Wallace.

12mo., Cloth, $1.50.

Maniiiel Miniles's \%'4»rlis:

SELF-HELP.—CHARACTER.—THRIFT.—DUTY.—

MEN OF INVENTION.^LIFE AND LABOR.

12mO., Cloth, $1.00 per volume.

BOUND THE WORLD.—A SCOTCH NATURALIST.

A SCOTCH GEOLOGIST JAMES NASMYTH, ENGINEER.

12mo., Cloth, Illustrated, $1.50 per vol.

GEORGE AND ROBERT STEPHENSON.

Illustrated.

8vo., Cloth, $3.00.

HUGUENOTS.—HUGUENOTS IN FRANCE.

CrOWQ 8vo, Cloth, $2.00 per vol.

John Bonner's Child's Histories.

Illustrated.

16mo., Cloth, $1.25 each.

GREECE, vols.

ROME, 2 VOlS.

THE UNITED STATES, 3 vols.

Indian History for Yonng Folks.

By ^Yancls S. Drake. Profuselv Illustrated. Square 8vo., Cloth, $3.00.

Cast |ip by.he Sea.

By Sir Samuel Baker.

Illustrated.

12mo., Cloth, $1.25.

Kl4tries «»f the Wl<l l>«»iniiiion.

By John Esten Cooke.

Illustrated.

12mo., Cloth, $1..50.

Thi* Adventiirt^s of Reuben iinvidg^er:

Captive among the Dyaks of Borneo. By James

Greenwood.

Illustrated.

8vo., Cloth, $1.25.

Science for the Y<»ung.

By Jacob Abbott.

Illustrated 4 vols., 12mo., Cloth, $1.50 each.

HEAT.—LIGHT.—WATER AND LAND.—FORCE.

From the Forecastle to the 4':-biu.

By Captain Samuel Samuels.

Illustrated, pp. 324.

12mo., Cloth, $1.50.

C'it.v Boys in the Woods:

or, a Trapping Venture in Maine.

By Henry P.

Wells.

Illustrations.

8vo., Cloth, $2.50.

"What they learu about the arts of trapping and hunting adds interest and value to the entertaining narrative."€anip l.ife in the Woods, and the Tricks of

Trapping.

By W.

H.

Gibson.

Illustrated.

16mo., Cloth, $1.00.

Macaulay's Histor.y of England.

Duodecimo Edition.

5 vols., $2.50.

Green's (.1.

IX..').•«bort History xf the Enuli^h Peoi>le.

Map* 8vo., $1.-J0.

Gibbon's History of Rome.

6 vols. l2mo., $3.00.

Ini mail

L.M.RUMSEY MANUFACTURING CO.

MANUFAOTUnEBS & JOnUKIlH OF SANITARY SPECIALTIES* Foundry and Railway Supplies^ PUMPS. WOOD AND IRON WORKING MACHINERY.

AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS.

LEAD PIPE, SHEET LEAD and GAS PIPE.

PLUMBERS, STEAM & GAS FITTERS SUPPLIES.

References—D. James Co., and Z.

C. M.

I.

ST. LOUIS.

DTAHBOOK& STATIONERY Co SUCCESSORS TO I—

I "CORXICELLI."ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, H M These are the spools, in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of thiead;

The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli"built.

C. H. SAMPSON, Agent.

» H 1—

t3d B (/3 r a M H V r 1) r^ PI a n H H (yj tfl

XJSE

HiOHrv^\.:ivi> ':Bie^^K:i3 EVAPORATED CREAM ^i EVEt^YOlHEf^E, i^ Wtiile at Home, Traveling or Camping.

ALWAYS CONVENIENT, ECONOMICAL & DELICIOUS.

To Consumers of Pure Lard.

To meet the increasing demand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers throughout Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City, Is Jor ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS CITY, MO.

MOSES THATCHER BARNARD WHITE, F. R. SNOW, OEO.A.SNOW, Prggt^ Viee-PruL Sec «fc Tretu.

Gm. Mgr.

^opsolidat^d Implement (^D.

Headquarters for Wagons, Buggies & Farm Machinery.

^$100 CASH WILL BUY THIS BUGGY.O X> 0) COo PI D i >zD 0)Hm r The following are a Few of the Principal Goods we Carry:

"Porter"Road Carts; McCormick Mowers, Reapers, and Binders;

Scott Full Circle All Steel Hay Presses;

Nichols & Shepard "New Vibrator"Threshing Machinery;

"Jay-Eye-See"Sulky Plows, "Canton Clipper"and J.

1. Case Steel and Chilled Plows,

Harrows and Cultivators; "Planet Jr."Garden

Tools; Press and Grain Drills;

Combined and Independent Seeders, Fanning Mills, Feed Cutters, Etc.

KHr^We make a Specialty of BUGGIES and carry the Celebrated U. S. Carriage

Co.'s Fine Buggies (of Columbus, O.) and D. W. Haydock'sof St. Louis.

Send for Special Prices to Houses at Salt Lake Oity, Ooden, Loaan and Milford.

Utah.

avd /d(i/i(t F(///..^, [iUilio

JUNE.

1891.

Vol.

XII.

No.

8.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

PLACES OF GATHERING.

'Ye are called to bring to pass the gathering of mine elect, for mine elect hear my voice and harden not their hearts;

wherefore, the decree hath gone forth Irom the Father that they shall be gathered in unto one place upon the face of this land (America), to prepare their hearts and be prepared in all things against the day when tribulation and desolation are sent forth upon the wicked."Doc. and Cov., sec. xxix:

7, 8.

The foregoing is a quotation from a revelation given through Joseph the Seer, in the presence of six elders, in Fayette,

Seneca County, New York, in September, 1830, about five months after the Church was organized.

It tells, in plain language, that the dispensation just opened, through the instrumentality of Joseph the Prophet, was to-be a gathering dispensation, and that the elect should be brought into one place upon the western continent.

Previous to this the Lord had revealed to Joseph Smith that the New Jerusalem was to be built within the borders of the

United States, or "on the borders by the

Lamanites."Doc. and Cov., sec. xxviii: 9.

In the beginning of the year, 1S31, Joseph Smith removed with his family to

Kirtland, Ohio, about two hundred and fifty miles southwest of his temporary home in Fayette, Seneca County, New York; and on February 4th, 1831, a few days alter his arrival there, a revelation was given in which the Lord commanded

His people "to assemble themselves together"at Kirtland.

Doc. and Cov., sec.

xli:

167.

Thus the village of Kirtland, Ohio, where a large branch of the Church had S been raised up by Parley P.

Pratt, and fellow-missionaries, a few months previous, became the first place of gathering in this dispensation; and as the spirit of persecution pursued all the branches organized in the State of New York and elsewhere, to a very great extent, the Saints, agreeable to the commandment of God, commenced to gather to Kirtland.

But there was a land of still greater importance, than Kirtland, Ohio, kept in reserve for the Saints, although the exact location of the same had not yet been revealed.

However, in a revelation given through Joseph the Seer, in Kirtland, Ohio, February 9th, 1831, the Lord, speaking to the elders, said:

"From this place (Kirtland) ye shall go forth into the regions westward; and inasmuch as ye shall find them that will receive you, ye siiall build up my church, in every region, until the time shall come when it shall be revealed unto you from on high, when the city of the New Jerusalem shall be prepared, that ye may be gathered in one, that ye may be my people, and I will be your God.

That my covenant people may be gathered in one in that day when I shall come to my Temple.

Thou shalt ask, and it shall be revealed unto you in mine own due time where the New Jerusalem shall be built.

And ye shall* hereafter receive church covenants, such as shall be sufficient to establish you, both here (Kirtland) and in the New Jerusalem."Doc. and Cov., sec. xlii: 8, 9, 36, 62, 67.

In a revelation given at Kirtland, Ohio.

March 7, 1831, the Saints were commanded to gather up their riches, with one heart and one mind, to purchase an

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

inheritance, which the Lord would point out to them.

This inheritance was to be the place of the New Jerusalem or Zion.

Doc. and Cov., sec. xlv: 64-71.

June 7, 1831, the Lord, in a revelation given through Joseph the Seer, at Kirtland, Ohio, commanded Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon, Hyrum Smith, Edward Partridge, David Whitmer, Martin Harris,

Parley P. Pratt, Orson Pratt, and about twenty other elders to journey westward, two by two, preaching the word, and building up branches of the Church wherever the people would receive their testimony.

These elders were to take different routes, and meet together in the capacity of a conference in the western part of Missouri.

In this revelation the Lord said that masmuch as His elders were faithful, the land of their inheritance should be made known unto them.

Doc. and Cov., sec.

Hi.

Joseph Smith, and a number of the other elders mentioned, arrived in Independence, Jackson County, Missouri, about the middle of July, 1831.* A few days after their arrival, having traveled a distance of nearly one thousand miles, in a westerly direction, from Kirtland, Ohio, a revelation was given, in which the Lord said that the land of Missouri was the land which He had appointed and consecrated for the gathering of the Saints.

"Wherefore,"said the Lord, "this is the land of promise, and the place for the city of Zion.

Behold the place which is now called Independence, is the center place, and a spot for the Temple is lying westward, upon a lot which is not far from the court house.

Wherefore, it is wisdom that the land should be purchased by the Saints;

and also every tract lying westward, even unto the line running directly between Jew and Gentile.

And also every tract bordering by the prairies, inasmuch as my disciples are enabled to buy lands.

Behold, this is wisdom, that they may obtain it for an everlasting inheritance."By the same revelation, Sidney Gilbert was appointed an agent for the Church, to receive money and to buy land for the benefit of the Saints;

and Edward Partridge, as the Bishop of the Church, was commanded to divide to the Saints, who should arrive in the land of Zion, their inheritances, according to their families, etc.

About a week after the arrival of Joseph and his brethren in Jackson County, the first company of emigrants, known as the Colesville branch (because they hailed from Colesville, Broom County, New York) arrived and settled on the borders of a fertile prairie, west of the Big Blue, in Kaw District, and not far from the present site of Kansas City.

On the second of August, 1831, Joseph the Prophet, assisted the Colesville branch to lay the first log for a house, as the foundation of Zion in Kaw Township, nearly twelve miles southwest of Independence.

On the same occasion, through prayer, the land of Zion was consecrated and dedicated for the gathering of the

Saints, by Elder Sidney Rigdon.

On the following day (August 3rd) the spot for the Temple, a short distance west of the village of Independence, was dedicated; and on the fourth the first conference was held by the Saints in Jackson

County.

This, then, was the commencement ot building the city of Zion—the New Jerusalem—or what has since been designated the central city or Center Stake of Zion.

All other gathering places, which have since been selected and dedicated for the benefit of the Saints, have been and are still known as Stakes of Zion.

As this lovely and fertile land has previously been described in The Contributor and other periodicals, together with the subsequent persecutions and mobbings of the Saints, and their final expulsion from Jackson County, we will here simply state that, as soon as it became known that the Lord had pointed out the land of promise, and commanded His people to gather there, the Saints responded cheerfully to the call, and the following two years witnessed a steady emigration from the scattered branches of the Church in the diflferent parts of the

Union, into Jackson County, where that industry, frugality, thrift, and union, which has since characterized the people of God in all their subsequent gathering

CHURCH EMIGRA TION.

places, soon asserted itself, and caused a marked distinction between the Saints and their rather lazy and indolent neighbors, who mostly hailed from the Southem

States.

Large tracts of land were bought from the government at the rate of I1.25 an acre; several hundred farms were opened, and mills and many extensive improvements commenced.

A mercantile house was also established at Independence, and a printmg office opened, from which the first Church periodical, the Evening and Morning Star, was issued.

The Saints also endeavored to comply with the law of consecration, which the Lord had revealed and established among them, but inexperienced as they were, at that time, they were unable to keep it.

In the meantime trouble arose between the Saints and their Gentile neighbors.

Jealousy, hatred, contention, mobbings, persecutions, and expulsion followed;

and in the fall of 1833, the Saints were driven, as a body, numbering then about twelve thousand souls, by their merciless persecutors, out of Jackson County, and have never since been privileged to return.

On the north side of the Missouri River, or on the opposite bank from Jackson County, lies the county of Clay.

There the Saints found temporary shelter, after their expulsion from Jackson County, the people there being more friendly toward them than in any other place where they sought protection at the time.

Hence, Clay County may be considered the third general gathering place of the

Saints; and most of the members of the

Church who had been expelled from Jackson County, as well as others who emigrated to Missouri, principally from the Western and Middle States, spent nearly three years in that particular locality, while the headquarters of the Church actually were in Kirtland, Ohio, where Joseph the Prophet and most ot the general authorities of the Church resided, and where the first Temple reared, by the Saints in this dispensation, was built in the years of 1833-36.

Thus, while Clay County, Missouri, was a general gathering place for the Saints in the West, many of the members from the branches and conferences in the

Eastern States, flocked into Kirtland, which had been properly organized as a

Stake of Zion, and a regular gathering place.

It was here, in the House of the Lord, that the keys for the gathering of Israel were restored,- and committed to Joseph the Prophet.

This most important event took place on Sunday, the third of April, 1836, when, after the administering ot the sacrament, Joseph Smith and Oliver

Cowdery retired to the pulpit, in the west end of the Temple, to pray.

The vail, which separated the pulpit from the congregation, was dropped, and while the two servants of God were engaged in solemn and silent supplication, the vail was taken from their minds, their understandings were opened, and a glorious vision given them, in which they saw the

Lord standing upon the breastwork of the pulpit before them, and heard Him speak with.a voice that resembled the sound of the rushing of great waters.

"After this vision closed,"writes the Prophet, "the heavens were again opened unto us, and Moses appeared before us, and committed unto us the keys of the gathering of Israel, from the four parts of the earth, and the leading of the Ten

Tribes from the land of the north

After this vision had closed, another great and glorious vision burst upon us, for Elijah the Prophet, who was taken to heaven without tasting death, stood before us and said:

'Behold, the time has fully come which was spoken of by the Prophet Malachi, testifying that he (Elijah) should be sent before the great and dreadful day of the Lord come, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers, lest the whole earth be smitten with a curse.

Therefore, the keys of this dispensation are committed into your hands, and by this ye may know that the great and dreadful day of the Lord is near, even at the doors."Doc.

and Cov., sec.

ex:

11-16.

The reader will here bear in mind that, although the Saints had gathered in from the different States in the Union, previous

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

to this no general gathering of Israel from the four quarters of the earth had been contemplated; neither could this be effected until the keys for that purpose were committed to men in the flesh:

but soon after the appearing of Moses to Joseph and Oliver, in the Kirtland Temple, the first foreign mission was opened, and the gathering of Israel from the British nations, and subsequently from Scandinavia, Germany, France, Italy, the islands of the sea, and many other countries, has since been going on steadily; and it will thus continue until all the ancient and modern predictions concerning the gathering of that chosen people, in the last days, shall be fulfilled.

The reader should also bear in mind that the keys committed to Joseph Smith, by Elijah the prophet, are closely connected with those restored by Moses;

for, while the latter opens the door for Israel to gather, the former opens up a most glorious and important labor to be performed by the people of God, after they are gathered, namely, to erect holy Temples into which they can enter and perform ordinances of salvation both for themselves and their ancestors; and thus bring about a most happy condition of affairs among the human family, by causing the hearts of the fathers to yearn with the deepest sense of gratitude and affection toward their descendants, who, as saviors on Mount Zion, by bonds of the most sacred covenants and labors of love, are bringing about the redemption of their progenitors who have died without the knowledge of the Gospel.

In the fall of 1836 the second driving of the Saints took place, but was not, as had been the case in Jackson County, attended with bloodshed.

This time it was the Clay County people, who, raising objections to the Saints, "because they were eastern men, whose habits, customs, and even dialect, were essentially different from the Missourians,"made an earnest appeal to them to leave the County of Clay, and seek homes elsewhere.

During the three years the Saints had resided in Clay County, they had, by industry, economy, and prudence, acquired considerable wealth, and enjoyed prosperity and the comforts of life; and had also been enabled to purchase large tracts of land.

But in order to avoid more disastrous results they chose to sacrifice their homes a second time and leave the older inhabitants of Clay County in peaceful possession, as they had found them three years previous.

These resolutions they immediately carried into practice by moving into an almost uninhabited region of country, lying about thirty-five miles northeast of Liberty, Clay County, and which was soon afterwards given a separate county organization under the name of Caldwell County.

Into this prairie country the Saints commenced their retreat in September, 1836, and soon founded Far West, and other smaller settlements.

During the following two years Caldwell County, was changed from a naked prairie to one of the most flourishing counties in Missouri, and as the emigration from Ohio and other states increased, the foundation of another town called Adam-ondi-Ahman was laid on Grand River,in Davis County, twenty-five miles north of Far West, and a village commenced in Carroll County, on the Missouri River, called De Witt.

Altogether, several hundred thousand acres of land were entered at the land offlce, and thousands of large and flourishing farms opened.

The corner stones were also laid for a Temple at Far

West, a printing office established there, and numerous industrial pursuits commenced.

Both Far West and Adamondi-Ahman were organized into Stakes of Zion, and the land dedicated for the gathering of the Saints.

In the meantime persecutions, caused principally by the treachery of apostates, had broken out in Kirtland, Ohio, which resulted in another sacrifice of homes and property in 1838, when nearly all the

Saints in Ohio, including Joseph the Prophet, and other leading men in the Church, were forced to leave their first Temple city and join their brethren in Missouri.

This was the third general driving which took place in the experience of the Church.

The Saints from Kirtland had barely had time to locate themselves at Adam-ondi-

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Ahman in Davis County, Missouri, when persecutions of a more desperate character than thitherto had been konwn, broke out against them and terminated in the expulsion of about twelve thousand people from Missouri in the winter of 1838-39 and the spring of 1839.

The house-burnings, whippings, imprisonments, and murders connected with those sad and memorable days are matters of history that do not belong to this narrative.

Suffice it to say that it was a religious persecution from beginning to end, as the Saints had done notliing to bring these troubles upon themselves, except that tliey believed in revelations from God and had organized themselves according to the pattern of the Church of

Christ.

The exodus from Missouri is known in Church history as the fourth of a series of five general drivings of the people of God in the last days.

After finding temporary shelter in Quincy, Illinois, and in other places, the village of Commerce on the Mississippi

River, in Hancock County, Illinois, was chosen in 1839, as the next gathering place of the Saints.

There the scattered Saints, not disheartened, though so severely persecuted, clustered around President Joseph Smith and commenced building the city of Nauvoo.

This place was so sickly that two or three unsuccessful attempts had previously been made -to settle it, but now, through the blessings of the Almighty and the united labors and industry of the Saints, Nauvoo in a few years became as healthy as any other p irt of Illinois.as the surrounding bluffs were put under cultivation and the swamps in the low lands were properly drained.

On the fifth of October, 1839, a Stake of Zion was organized at Commerce (afterwards Nauvoo) and another one in Iowa Territory, on the opposite side of the Mississippi River.

Soon afterwards Stakes were also organized at Lima, in Hancock County, Quincy, and Mount Hope, in Adams County, at Geneva, in Morgan County, Illinois, and in other places.

All these Stakes were designated as gathering places for the

Saints, but sometime afterwards all except those in Hancock County, Illinois, and Lee County, Iowa, were discontinued as it was thought best not to settle over too extensive a country at that time, but rather concentrate the labors of the people upon the building up of Nauvoo and the

Temple which was being erected there.

Besides the continued emigration from the different States in the Union, the British nation in 1840, commenced to forward its sons and daughters to the head quarters of the Church, and be it said to tiie credit of these first arrivals from Europe, that they did much toward the building up of Nauvoo and the surrounding country.

Nauvoo continued to be the main gathering place of the Saints until 1846, when a repetition of* the Missouri persecutions were enacted by the people of Illinois, who, not being satisfied with having murdered the Prophet and Patriarch in Carthage Jail, concluded to drive the Saints beyond the borders of civilization, or out into the wilderness that they might die from starvation or be massacred by the red men of the plains.

But in like manner as the selling of Joseph into Egypt resulted in good although it was intended for evil, so also did the expulsion of the Saints from Nauvoo have the opposite result to that which had been anticipated.

Instead of perishing by hunger or by the tomahawk of the Indian, the God-fearing exiles were preserved by Him whose commandments they loved to obey and whose authority they were willing to honor, and they were led to the Rocky Mountains to work out a great destiny for themselves and mankind generally;

to fulfil prophecy, to grow in strength and numbers, to gain experience so as to be fit instruments in the hands of God for the carrying out of future problems, to make the barren places fertile and productive, to cause the desert to blossom as the rose, and to lay a foundation for a great commonwealth, the influence of which shall eventually be felt for good to the uttermost parts of the earth and shall save from total ruin,not only our own nation, but all other nations as well, through the maintenance of the element of truth

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

and virtue and the principles of justice and equity, which shall be adopted uni-* versally when that government of peace and righteousness, which the Prophets and Saints of God have looked forward to with so much joy and hope since the fall of man, shall be fully established on the earth.

The Pioneers, who led the van from Nauvoo, first planted their feet in the valley of Great Salt Lake in the summer of 1847, and in that same yedr a Stake of

Zion was organized in the Rocky Mountains.

After the return to Winter Quarters, a "General Epistle from the Council of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, abroad, dispersed throughout the earth, 'was written and signed by Brigham

Young and Willard Richards.

It was dated December 23rd, 1847, and announced, among many other important things, that emigration could be recommenced, as a new gathering place had been found in the heart of the Rocky Mountains.

The following year (1848) witnessed a large emigration of Saints crossing the plains and mountains for the valley of Great Salt Lake.

These were not only the exiles from Nauvoo, but included large companies of British Saints, who, not fearing to exchange their homes in the crowded cities of England for the pioneer cabin in an American desert, braced the storms of the ocean and the dangers and hardships of the plains, in order to gather with the Saints of God.

Since that lime a constant stream of emigration has poured into our mountain home, where the settlements of the Saints have spread from the first little colony planted where Salt Lake City now stands to the extreme south and north, and also to the east and west, until nearly every valley in the Rockies resounds with the music of industry and thrift, and also with the praises and thanks-givings which a devoted people continually offer up to their God, who has so miraculously preserved and blessed them.

As the population has increased new Stakes and gathering places have been organized, until there are now nearly five hundred organized wards and branches of the Church in the Rocky Mountains, all ot which may be considered as gathering places for the people of God at the present time.

These settlements are continually growing by the emigration from abroad, as well as from the natural increase at home, and new wards and branches are still being organized every year.

Not to count the settlements in Canada and Mexico, the wards and branches within the confines of the United

States are at present organized into thirty two Stakes of Zion, which, arranged into alphabetical order, stand as follows

Bannock Stake (organized February 4th, 1884) embraces the northern part of

Bingham County, Idaho, and consists of twenty organized wards.

Bear Lake Stake (organized August 25th and 26th, 1877) embraces Bear Lake

County, Idaho, Rich County, Utah, a part of Uintah County, Wyoming, and one settlement [Soda Springs] in Bingham County, Idaho.

It consists of twentysix organized wards and branches.

Box Elder Stake (first organized in 1856, and reorganized August 19th, 1877) embraces the greater part of Box Elder

County, Utah, and consists of fourteen organized wards.

Beaver Stake (organized July 25th and 26th, 1877) embraces Beaver County.

Utah, and consists of six wards and branches.

Cache Stake (organized November 14th, 1859) embraces Cache County, Utah, and consists of twenty-three wards.

Cassia Stake (organized November 19th and 2oth, 1887) embraces Cassia County, Idaho, and consists of six wards.

Davis Stake (organized June 17th, 1877) embraces Davis County, Utah, and consists of seven wards.

Emery Stake (partly organized August 22nd, 1880) embraces most of Emery County, Utah, and consists of fourteen wards and branches.

Juab Stake (organized July ist, 1877) embraces Juab County, Utah, and consists of six wards and branches.

Kanab Stake (organized August 17th, 1877) embraces Kane County Utah, and consists of eleven small wards and branches.

INFfr>EACE Of IMITATION.

Maricopa Stake embraces Maricopa County, Arizona, and consists of five wards.

Millard Stake (organized July 21st and 22nd, 1877) embraces Millard County, Utah, and consists of ten wards.

Malad Stake (organized February 12th, 1888) embraces the northeast part of Box

Elder County, Utah, and part of Oneida

County, Idaho, and consists of nine wards.

Morgan Stake (organized July ist, 1877) embraces Morgan County, Utah, and consists of nine wards.

Oneida Stake (organized June ist, 1884) consists of seven wards in Oneida County, and seven wards in Bingham County, Idaho—fourteen wards altogether.

Panguitch Stake (organized April 23rd, 1877) embraces Garfield County and part of Piute County, Utah, and consists of six wards.

Parowan Stake (reorganized in 1877) embraces Iron County, Utah, and consists of seven wards and branches.

Salt Lake Stake (organized in October, 1847) the principal Stake of Zion and the present headquarters of the Church, embraces Salt Lake County, Utah, and consists of forty-four wards, namely:

twenty-two in Salt Lake City, and twentytwo in the surrounding country.

San Luis Stake (formerly called the Conejos Stake, organized in June, 1883) consists of the Saints residing in Conejos County, Colorado, who are organized into six wards and branches.

Sanpete Stake (reorganized July 4th, 1877) embraces Sanpete County, Utah, and consists of seventeen organized wards.

San Juan Stake consists of the Saipts residing in San Juan County, Utah, two wards in Grand County, Utah, one ward in La Plata County, Colorado, and two wards in New Mexico—altogether seven wards and branches.

St.

Joseph Stake embraces Graham County, and part of Cochise County, Arizona, and consists of seven wards.

Snowflake Stake (organized December i8th, 1887) embraces parts of Apache and Yavapai counties, Arizona, and consists of eight wards.

Sevier Stake embraces Sevier County and part of Piute County, Utah, and consists of twenty wards and branches.

St. George Stake (organized April 7th, 1877) embraces Washington County, Utah, the Saints residing in Lincoln County, Nevada, and two small settlements in Yavapai County, Arizona—altogether thirty-six wards and branches.

St.

Johns Stake embraces a part of Apache County, Arizona, one ward in Valencia County, and one in Socorro County, New Mexico—altogether seven wards.

Summit Stake (organized July 8th and gtii, 1877) embraces Summit County, Utah, two wards in Uintah County, Wyo and one branch at Rock Springs, Sweet Water County, Wyo.—altogether sixteen wards and branches.

Tooele Stake (organized June 24th and 25th, 1877) embraces all of Tooele County, Utah, and consists of eight Wards.

Uintah Stake (organized May 9th, 1887) embraces Uintah County, Utah, and consists of six wards.

Utah Stake (first organized March 19th, 1851) embraces all of Utah County, and a small part of Emery County, Utah, and consists of twenty-four wards and branches.

Wasatch Stake (organized July 14th and 15th, 1877) embraces Wasatch County, and one settlement (Woodland) in Summit County, Utah, and consists of nine wards and branches.

Weber Stake (first organized Jan. 26th, 1851, and reorganized in 1877) embraces all of Weber County, Utah, and consists of twenty-one wards.

Besides the Stakes enumerated in the foregoing, which are all within the borders of the United States, there is a Stake called

Alberta, recently organized in the Dominion of Canada, and several settlements in Mexico, now awaiting a Stake organization.

Audrew Jenson.

INFLUENCE OF IMITATION.

Man, to a very large degree, is an imitative creature, and especially so in childhood.

By constant imitation of what he sees others do, habits are formed, and, once formed at that early period, be they

TWILIGHT.

good or bad, are rarely, if ever, entirely suppressed in after years.

All the ethical subject lessons may be given him that is possible, but if there be object lessons that go counter to them, these invariably take the deeper root, and soon nullify or supplant the former.

With these truths before us, is it not the imperative duty of all—all who wish for good government, safety of person and property, and the advancement of the race—to become bright and living ethical object lessons to the risinggeneration?

Nor is this all that is to be done we should discountenance and remove all who are not ethical object lessons worthy of study.

Man's imitative propensity is called forth principally by those whom he thinks are his superiors.

Consequently, all those in high places of all kinds, who are pernicious object lessons, should be the first to be removed, for if the source be putrid, the onflowing stream becomes foul also.

It is very truly said that the fall of the Roman Empire was "an effect ot a moral ruin."Now, all readers of Roman history know that the germ of this "moral ruin"had its birth in the topmost strata of Roman society;

and the masses, with ready imitativeness, became rotten to the core.

The sad finale of that wonderful empire we all know.

Is Roman history now preparing to repeat itself in these United States? The indications all strongly point that way.

Do we not see venality and corruption pervading, more or less, every branch of the government?

With this state of things, is it to be wondered at that vice and crime are rolling up in billows mountains high?

Is it to be wondered at that our public schools, our Sunday schools and pulpits are impotent to check the approach of this "moral ruin Nor can it be checked until the wise and the good throughout the land determine to elevate to places of honor and trust only those who are calculated to make the best ethical object lessons for the study of the rising generation.

Selected.

Honesty is the best policy, because it is the only policy which insures against loss of character.

None but a well-bred man knows how to confess a fault or acknowledge himself in error.

TWILIGHT.

The hour is nature's angelus, And faint and sweet, From night's high belfry towering o'er the day,

Its calm and silver cadence comes to greet

Day's flash and tumult, stilling the slow ray

Of toilful light, and calling earth to prayer.

Swift at Its soft and measured stroke, the air

Is filled with murmurs—the mute whir of wings

Folding—and prayerful twitterings.

The reverent crossing of slim leaves and lilt of flowers The sudden, silent presence of cool airsLike spirits hither drawn, half unawares,

By the earth's prayerful mien.

With what dim, silvern meekness the far plain

The compeUing hour obeys.

In each is seen All that can be of praise And sweet humility.

But those pale mountains yonder seem to hear

A voice from heaven;

Like an appointed seer, Who penetrates where angels may not even.

They are given to see Heaven's deepest mystery;

And seem to breathe and bring its splendor near.

That deepening glow That thrill divine Of shadowy purple, white-pulsed with the snow.

Is inspiration's sign A burst sublime of psalm and prophecy!

Oh, holy hour!

As thy blue cadence steals Across the tired world, I feel thy power

My spirit kneels.

And knows the reverence of the leaves and flowers The meekness of the plain.

Sweet thoughts like spirits glide

My soul beside;

My being thrills With that high spell that holds the listening hills,

And hears, but may not voice the inspired strain

Josephine Spencer

THE AWAKENING OF THE YEAR/ Now the springtime is upon us:

this is the awakening of the year.

Myriads of Hving things that have been soundly sleeping since the first autumnal frosts.are now bursting into a newness of existence, with a vigor that speaks of youtii and of a life to come.

Seeds, which during the season of cold have been buried under a friendly layer of rotting leaves, or wrapped in a snug coat of soil, now put forth their shoots, to breathe the air of spring, and dip their rootlets into the earth in search of food.

Buds that have given no evidence of life through all the dark days of the year, now swell, and soon will burst from the expanding of a life-force that cannot be restrained.

The peach blossoms have already donned their fresh robes of pink, and soon will appear bedecked in golden ornaments, the pistils and anthers of the flowers;

then they will be prepared to receive visitors, and these will not long delay their calls.

The bees and their kindred will soon begin the season's festivities; and among them the pretty peach blows are in high favor as pleasant hostesses;

the insects like to visit them, enjoying the delicate perfume of the blossoms, and drinking the rich nectar, with which the fragile chalices are well supplied.

Multitudes of insects are now recovering from the lethargy and torpor of the past, and most of them awaken with an appetite as if begotten of long fasting.

Now, too, should the farmer and the /^^^^MI^ horticulturalist look well Fig. 2.

about them, for at this season they can take by surprise and easily destroy many foes to their crops.

Every fruit tree should be thoroughly examined for eggs and larvae of insect.

* This paper was written for the May number, but was omitted to make room for the Sketch of Daniel H. Wells.

S* pests, from the ravages of which the orchards and vineyards of Utah have for many seasons suffered greatly.

After the insects have reached the adult stage, with wings fully developed, the task ot capturing and destroying them in numbers is almost a hopeless one;

then, too, they are likely to deposit their eggs, and thus originate increasing trouble for the succeeding season. They can be successfully overcome only while in the egg;

or, at latest, while passing the earlier stages of larva p.

or pupa.

Loose pieces of bark upon tree trunks furnish enticing quarters for many varieties of insect life, and all such nooks should be carefully searched during April and May, and the hiding foes should be destroyed.

The peach-borer is a common and a destructive creature;

it is drawn, natural size, in figure i, the upper sketch representing the female, and the lower the male.

As is seen from the figure, the female is by far the larger and stouter in body.

Her body is of a glossy blue or purplish color, with yellow variations.

The front wings are opaque, and a bluish tint.

The male is somewhat similarly marked.

The peach-borer belongs to the moth family, though in size, general appearance, and mode of flight, the insect bears some resemblance to a wasp or hornet.

It is, however, while still a caterpillar (figure 2) that the insect proves so destructive.

The larva measures about half an inch in length, is of a pale yellowish color, with a brown head and black jaws.

They bore their way into the wood, and thus work great injury to the tree.

The presence of the larva in peach trees may be recognized by the exudation of gum about the grooves; the trees should

Fig- 4-

THE AWAKENING OF THE YEAR.

be carefully examined, and the larvae destroyed.

The pests are usually found beneath the bark near the base of the tree.

Scrape away the soil around the trunk;

if the bark be at all loose or discolored, or if gum be observed there, search diligently for the borers.

For destroying the pests on a large scale many schemes have been proposed.

A wash, consisting of a weak alkaline soluFig.

5- tion, such as soda or potash in water, or even thin milk of lime, will usually prove fatal to the larvae if applied to them in an exposed condition.

Hot water has been found of service; this to be applied after the earth has been removed. Much praise has been bestowed on the method of heaping earth as a mound or bank about the trunk, to the height of a foot, then pressing the soil firmly around the tree.

The currant-borers are troublesome insects, small though they be.

The Imported Currant-borer is the larva of a small moth, somewhat wasp-like in general appearance.

Figure 3 shows the adult moth, with the caterpillar (larva), and chrysalis (pupa).

The moth is bluish black, with golden bands upon the abdomen.

It may be found in June as a lively day-flier. The larva is light-colored, soft and fleshy, not unlike a maggot.

Its ravages are wrought in the stems of curFig.

6.

rant and gooseberry shrubs, the woody parts being at times tunneled through great distances.

The feeble appearance of the tree and the poor quality of fruit will give evidence of the presence of the borers even though the hollow stems do not break off.

The American Currant-borer belongs to a different order of insects, though resembling the foregoing in general habits.

This creature is the larva of a small beetle, shown in figure 4, natural size and enlarged.

This beetle flies by day, and may be easily caught by reason of its low state of activity.

The beetle is of a long and narrow shape, and of a brownish color.

White markings appear on each wing case.

The maggot is white and footless, with dark head and jaws.

As a remedy it is well to cut off and burn all affected stems;

this treatment is most seasonable in spring or autumn.

Apple tree borers are numerous and some of them are very destructive.

The "flat head apple worm"is shown in figure 5, which represents the larva, the pupa, and the mature insect, all sketches being slightly enlarged.

The insect beFig.

7.

longs to the order of bupresiian beetles.

The full grown larva is a light colored grub, without feet, and chiefly distinguished by its swollen and flattened head.

The round-headed apple tree borer is also a beetle; the larva, pupa, and mature insect are sketched in figure 6.

The imago is a fine insect, nearly three-quarters of an inch long;

light brown, with long cream-colored stripes extending the whole length of the body; the legs are gray.

The larva is light-colored, with brown lustrous head of characteristic roundness.

The presence of the borers, both round and flat-headed, is usually indicated by a discoloration of the bark;

the affected parts should be scraped and the larvae killed.

Alkaline washes are good remedies soft soap solution, or even ordinary soapsuds may be em-"ployed with profit.

Let the treatment be

HO IV SOME PRINT.

repeated several times at intervals of a day or two.

Many of the larvae may be killed in the fall of the year, when they are preparing their quarters for the winter nap.

A wide range of insects known as barklice, most of them very injurious to plants, may be killed by thoroughly washing the trunk and spraying the branches with a mixture of thin white-wash and kerosene oil; a good preparation is in the proporFig.

8.

tion of one gallon of milk of lime and one pint of kerosene.

Treatment with this should be repeated several times.

Now, too, the pupae or chrysalides of the coddling moth may be found in great numbers beneath the bark of apple trees.

In a very short time these will develop into the moths proper, small glistening creatures; very beautiful, indeed, as subjects of microscopical study, but detestable in the eyes of the fruit raiser. Figure is a representation of this creature, showing the larva, the naked pupa, the cocoon, and the adult moth or imago.

While the apple fruit is very young, before it has well passed the blossom stage in fact, the moths deposit therein their eggs, from which the grubs are soon developed; these then eat their way into the core of the fruit. The chrysalides should be sought in their hiding places and killed without mercy; then the trees should be treated with a wash of lye, soap, or limewater.

The eggs of destructive insects should be sought at this season Those of the tent caterpillar may be found on the twigs and small branches of many of our fruit trees, apple, pear, plum, cherry, and quince included. The eggs are deposited in encircling bunches like collars, about half an inch in length, and are protected by a gummy secretion rendering them practically waterproof.

All the twigs thus adorned should be cut off and burned.

Empty egg collars, the shells of preceding broods, may be easily distinguished from the filled shells.

Figure 8 shows a twig encircled by eggs, also the caterpillar and the moth of this insect.

It should be remembered that injurious insects attack, by preference, plants of weak nature and poor culture.

Judicious pruning, and proper fertilizing of the soil about the tree, will do much to secure immunity from these pests.

In the springtime the farmer will encounter many insects which are really friends to him in his labor, and he will do well to make their acquaintance, and to extend to them his fullest protection.

Nearly all the ground beetles, the carabidie family, prey on insects injurious to crops.

Most of these beetles are of a dark color, exhibiting burnished or metallic hues.

Their larvae are generally called maggots.

They are usually found on the ground, though occasionally they ascend trees in search of caterpillars there to be found.

The pretty lady-bird beetles afford to our fruit trees and flower shrubs great protection, by destroying the hosts of plant lice, which make their presence so disastrously apparent.

Man has warm friends and destructive foes among the insects; he should learn to know both; then should he treat each class according to its deserts.

James E.

Talmage.

HOW SOME PRINT.

Professor Max Muller, the great Oxonian professor of philology, says that "humor is a safer sign of strong convictions and perfect safety than guarded solemnity."Likewise did I ever prefer tlie gaily smiling philosopher of Abdera (Demokritus) to the stern and austere Heraklitus.

To correct bad manners

HOW SOME PRJNT.

with wit and satire is far more pleasant for the executioner as well as for the condemned; and, likewise, the correction of incorrect habits of speech is far more easily achieved by bantering badinage than by pedantic pedagoguery.

This holds good, of course, both of oral and written speech, with the latter of which I intend to occupy the reader's time for a short breathing spell.

Written speech, in this age of paper, is becoming a mighty, nearly almighty factor of interchange of ideas, almost supplanting its twin brother of the oral branch.

But it is as yet in its infancy, and few manipulate it with that accuracy and "hair-breadthness"that distinguished the diction of the classics of the Tatler and Spectator in the past Euphues days of Addison and Steele.

Especially the daily or weekly newspaper of the "wild woolly West"is too often the vehicle of a "wild and woolly"style that would shock even less sensitive linguistic nerves than those of a purist of profession.

But "time is money,"and in the feverish haste of "getting there,"the hack writer on the exacting press, with the unsilenceable clamor of the foreman for "copy!"at "make-up"time, has to let his pencil drive and drivel away, Canadian snow-shod or slip-shod.

Hence the sand -on -the -sea -shore abundance of lapsus calami ("calamitous lapses") in the country newspaper and the city newspaper with "country"brain.

It has for years been to me an almost daily source of a little malicious delight to encounter, even without deliberate search or "malice aforethought,"those crooked little "devil's imps"in the columns of "exchanges,"and my rival editor's "bulls"indemnified me many a time for the "bears"of my "typo"or proofreader (though the latter might even have been my dear own self).

Of late, in the more or less imaginary leisure hours of a rural (but not yet rusticated) pedagogue, I've taken my pencil and note-book and jotted down a few of those little frailties, those peccadilloes of style that my eyes could discover or my ear would be offended by.

I give a brief anthology, the result of half an hour's "pick"at random with no propensity at fault-finding, only with a sort of innate and ineradicable appreciation of the ludicrous—the same as Peck's (or Haefeli's) bad boy would enjoy when he saw his paternal ancestor of the immediately preceding generation slip on the ice.

I do not specify the papers whence I glean, as no evil motive or captious personality inspires me.

What I am doing is simply for the sake of a little fun for others as well as for myself.

Thus, one little comma, by its contumacious absence, played the very deuce with politics.

A paragraph in a daily Utah paper (all my present gleanings are harvested on Territorial acres) says:

"It was a splendid thing for the Republican party that it has been decided not again to call up the Lodge Bill and a big victory for the Democrats."

With no comma after "bill,"the unselfish Republicans are subjected to the possibility of so generous an intention as calling up triumph for their "friends, the enemy."In the same journal I learn that "Tom Reed rules too supreme in the lower house, to expect the free coinage measure will pass."Tom Reed, I take it, was never likely to expect any such contingency;, it is the people who might, did he not "rule too supreme."And once more, pointing out that "it costs the county when its officers chase escaped convicts,"and advising the employment of "a steady jailor"(an unsteady one wouldn't do, of course) the self-same paper hopes that such employment would "give the sheriff"better opportunity to go "where duty calls."As if "escaped convicts"did not at all times and places escape and need chasing, the latter being the emergency "where duty calls"the sheriff and not the "steady jailor."Another (a "metropolitan") journal makes the sagacious discovery that ''sometimes political feeling runs high and acrimony is sharp and bitter."So is granulated sugar sweet and soft, but not sufficiently so as to smooth the sharp edge of sharpness or sweeten the bitter in bitterness.

H0\^ SOME PRINT.

It is a case, as in the same paper's editorial columns, "like Buridam's (means Buridan's) ass, starved to death between clover and hay,"two species of fodder which admit of preference and choice to any donkey, whereas the English writer's simile implies an ass midway between two bundles of hay of exactly alike quality, precluding all diflference and hence offering no inducement for preference.

I meet a good journalistic friend of mine in an off-mood and bad company, when he remarks that "the smelting of ores require a certain amount of iron, carbonate of lime and salt,"and then proceeds to say that "these necessities exijt in abundance, and all are in the immediate vicinity of—"(never mind where!) Indeed "these necessities exist,"not only "in abundance"but in complete totality wherever smelting is to be prosecuted;

but the wherewiths to supply the materials which form a necessity, are only found in such favored haunts of nature Another patriotic sheet, in lustily clamoring for a supply of the wants of its city, says that "the Chamber of Commerce will agitate the question of an allnight telephone service,"and adds that—(the city) "needs it badly."Needs "it?"The question?

No, but probably the solution of "it."According to the same vehicle of current information a fellow-citizen heard "from his sheep last night."As "he has five thousand head in two herds,"the chorus of those twice two thou^nd five hundred ovine orifices must have been of a stupendous acoustic fullness.

How would they do to be "heard from"at the

Columbian exposition?

No wonder that "the manner in which people are subscribing to the is flattering."They must be doing the subscription act in knickerbockers, powdered \vigs, and lace cuffs.

Their "manner"must be altogether different in its mildness from the wildness exhibited in the immediately following paragraph where "the mush ice in the factory race banked it up by the railroad track, causing the water to overflow the lands."The watermaster "was soon there, however, and had things fixed,"forgetting in his zeal to "fix"the editorial syntax.

Of a contemporary journal, in the fraternal spirit of reciprocal titiilation, our old friend asserts that "it covers all the southern territory."Bless the imagination Mustn't the newsboys down there be the veritable spawn of Homer's "hundred-handed"Briareus?

A New York dispatch in a city paper tells the shocking tale how "the headless and mutilated body of a man was found floating,"etc.

Well, if any one were to cut off my caput, little as it may be worth, my friends would think I had been mutilated to a considerable sufficiency.

By the way, I forgot the best part of the midnight catastropiie in "the factory race."Another column, in the same issue referred to above, tells us of the same incident, that "the water, while running, had frozen into a solid mass, and began flowing over the river headgate.

Down onto the factory went the stream,"and so on till, "if it had not been for the early action of the watchman and others, it might have proved very damagmg."I should say so.

Running water frozen into a mass of solid ice and a flowing stream going onto the factory!

Lucky thing, that the factory is alive yet; or did it burn up?

In the account of a woman's suffrage meeting, the same paper informs us that one of the lady speakers "believed suffrage was right, and we should all take hold of a thing we haven't got."The dear ladies may do that by the time their brethren of the sterner sex have learned to lift themselves by their own boot straps.

Many instances have been recorded of "typographical errors."I mean common "misprints."Some of them are exceedingly ludicrous, because they are what the Germans call "sense-perverting."Thus one of my most welcome journalistic visitors, speaking of Sullivan's new opera, reported of it that it was a "suburb performance."The latter having occurred in one of London's most exceptional temples of art. the description must indeed appear "superb"to the managers.

THE ROYAL ARSENAL AT WOOLWICH.

Speaking of J. E. Boyd, the Governorelect of Nebraska, one paper gives the assurance that "there is no danger of the

Presidential bee ever buzzing in his bonnet, for he is ineligible, having been born in County Tyrone, Ireland, and is fifty-six years of age."Well, what of the latter biographical fact?

That would make him neither too old nor too young, would It?

But that is "none of our funeral."

Neither shall I, when I am dead, want such obsequies as those announced in the paper just quoted from, according to which "the funeral over the remains of the little son will take place from the residence,"etc.

Poor innocent What did he perpetrate in his short life to require "the funeral"to "take place over"his guiltless remains?

Are we about to witness a reestablishment of the monster car of Juggernaut among the Hindoos?

Dire prospect, avaunt A paper, more or less familiar with the woolen business, informs us that certain "woolen mills are now turning out perhaps the finest class of woolen goods the fact being that the wool could not be sufficiently cleansed so as to entirely remove the grease."Poor wool Was the wool after and although (or because) "not sufficiently cleansed,"expected to go out and "entirely remove the grease?"Wherefrom?

from the sheep?

Or did the fact that the wool "could not be sufficiently cleaned,""entirely remove the grease? "Here's a stunner for the chemist or the grammarian, possibly for both.

Or it might be "a plucky incident,"such as the runaway narrative in the same issue.

A "pied stick"has done many ugly things But not all are so hideous as the following:

"Disease was once considered a creature of frightful unicre, but the revelations of modern tnien show the germ of most diseases to be very insignificant in size and appearance "Was it a "frightful unicorn"or a "mien,"to be set right by the revelations of modern "science? "I hope the latter.

No wonder the diabolical sprite in the same office made a most venerable and respected, as well as gifted, preacher say that "if the Lord has dealt with all the ancient governments on account of their sacrilegioii,"etc.

No wonder, neither, tt^t so many public speakers of ability dread the idea of being "reported"in the slip-shod daily press, without "due process of law"and possibilities of revision of both the manuscript and the proof.

Revision of the latter was evidently needed in the following passage:

"There are dire calamities coming over this great nation in the near future, for they are failing to repent of their sins."Who?

the calamities?

I hope, the "comp."and the proof-reader of the journal in question will, in sackcloth and ashes at that

But I am afraid that from trying to be entertainingly humorous, I am getting morosely critical and didactic.

I only wanted to cause the youthful reader especially to pause and stop at everything he reads or writes, hears or says, whenever there seems to be "a hitch."Sift and simmer down the cause of the perplexity and you will in ninety-nine out of one hundred cases find it to be the result of a lack of thought-begotten accuracy.

Leo Hcsfeli.

THE ROYAL ARSENAL AT WOOLWICH.

The fame of Great Britain as a fighting nation, both on land and sea, has been a theme of song and story for generations.

In the present century Waterloo and Trafalgar are pointed to as examples of her prowess, and if there is any one thing of which the typical Britisher is especially proud, it is the record of national achievements in battle which the history of his country presents.

Intimate to him that any other nation, ancient or modern, approaches his in warlike proclivities orabihties, and he regards it as an affront;

suggest that there have been occasions when the cross of St. George has been torn from its haughty peak, and he pre-

THE ROYAL ARSENAL AT WOOLWICH.

pares to use force to effect a change in your opinions.

No one, however, who is acquainted with the events of history will call into question the indomitable courage and untiring energy which have placed Great Britain in the front rank of the great powers of the earth, and enabled her to retain the position with comparative ease.

That there has been an enormous expenditure of bood and treasure is true, but every British statesman will reply that the investment was profitable, and even necessary.

The old maxim "In time of peace prepare for war,"has been the ruling policy, and millions of pounds sterling are now being expended annually in maintaining and improving the army and navy.

In the matter of armament of land and naval forces, the nation has been extravagant rather than otherwise; and such importance is attached to this feature of the militant division of the empire, that there is no cessation in the labor of providing an abundant supply of the most effective munitions of war.

Sir W. Armstrong and other contractors furnish a large quantity, but the government does not rely on private enterprise for the development of new ideas and better methods in providing arms, or for its supply of weapons of war.

This field is largely occupied by the Woolwich Royal

Arsenal,'a government institution.

Woolwich is located on the south bank of the Thames, and has about eighty-five thousand population.

It is really an eastern suburb of the great metropolis, being but nine miles from London Bridge.

The Royal Arsenal, magazine, dockyard, barracks and other buildings occupy a section of country about five miles in circumference.

The greater part of this distance is followed by a wall of stone and brick, the Thames furnishing the rest of the barrier necessary to exclude the public.

The magazines, well stored with arms and ammunition, extend nearly a mile along the river front.

The dockyard was established in 1532, by

Henry VIII, and has been closed since October i, 1869.

Within the area enclosed by wall and river, there is a system of narrow-gauge railway, the rolling stock of which is built specially with a view to handling heavy weights.

This network of railway reaches every building and place of storage in the arsenal, there being upwards of three nuudred miles of track.

The public are allowed to visit the arsenal two days in the week, between the hours of ten a.m. and noon, and two and four p.m., but only upon presentation of a ticket issued by the war office.

The rule is, "British subjects only admitted,"but foreigners may obtam special permission by application through their ambassadors.

Owing to the friendly relations with the United States, there is comparatively little difficulty for an American to secure the desired privilege.

The arsenal itself covers one hundred acres of ground.

The buildings which compose it are divided into three classes, viz:

The laboratory, for making cartridges and projectiles; the gun factory, established is 1716 by a German named Schalch; and the gun-carriage and wagon department, for the class of manufacture its name indicates.

The "peace contingent"of the arsenal comprises an army of ten thousand employes, mostly skilled workmen.

On special occasions this force is increased to fifteen thousand.

The men are under strict military control, the rules of conduct being as stringent as with troops in the regular army; the variation in discipline is that made necessary by the different nature of the work.

Many of the employes have seen service in one or more campaigns.

Under no circumstances are drawings or writings, except such as the war office prescribes, permitted to be taken out, and any visitor attempting to take notes are promptly required to stop.

The utmost care is exercised to prevent the knowledge of devices in use. or of plans being conveyed to outsides parties. Under the regulations the number of visitors at one time is limited, and a guard, who acts as guide, is detailed to accompany each party.

In making a tour of the arsenal, the first building entered is one belonging to the Laboratory division.

The view that

THE ROYAL ARSENAL AT U^OOLWICH.

is obtained upon passing through the door is at once novel and interesting.

The ceiling of the spacious room is covered with rows of pulleys, each row being propelled by a shaft running the entire length of the building.

On the floor, arranged in close order, are tiers of machines of different sizes and shapes, for making cartridge shells, bullets, shrapnel-shells, rockets, torpedoes, etc. Nearly three thousand machines are adjusted in that space, most of them being in operation.

Upwards of two thousand men at work kept regular pace with their mechanical companions.

The row directly in front of the door was engaged in making cartridges for the new magazine rifle adopted for the British army, and said to be the most rapid-firing magazine gun yet invented.

A special feature in connection with it is the reduction in the weight of the bullet.

It is an elongated piece of lead barely one-fourth of an inch in diameter, and weighing only half an ounce.

The cartridge contains seventy grains of powder, and it is claimed that the weapon can be used with remarkable precision at eighteen hundred yards'range, and is effective at a still greater distance.

The war office has been criticized for arming the troops with a gun that is too complicated in its operation, but Secretary of War, Stanhope, in whose hands the matter rests, says the weapon is not difficult of manipulation, and that with it the British army has a decided advantage over that of every other nation.

In one comer of the room named there is a place for specimens of shells, etc., that have been superseded by new inventions.

These are shown to visitors, and the difference pointed out.

For instance, there is the rocket that was used in the time of the Crimean War.

It is a sort of parachute.

The object was to explode it over the enemy's fortifications at night, where it would be suspended in the air for from thirty to forty seconds, and would give sufficient light to enable the gunner to take aim.

But sometimes the wind would be unfavorable and carry it too far, or drive it back toward the British lines and reveal them to the Russians.

The new missile is called a "star"rocket.

It is fired in the same way as the others, but when it bursts over the enemy's works the force applied by a burning fuse gives it a rapid circular movement and keeps it in position, while bright "starlights"are thrown from it and for a minute or more brilliantly illuminate the scene below.

The next apartment entered, contains all kinds of projectiles, from those weighing one-fourth of an ounce to the ponderous eighteen hundred pound shot which can be hurled ten thousand yards and be made to penetrate wrought iron two feet thick.

Here are shot and shell and fuse of every description known to modern warfare.

In the adjoining room is a collection of torpedoes aud torpedo boats, with diagrams and explanations of the methods of propulsion and operation.

The latest development in this line is called a fish torpedo.

It is provided with a screw propeller, and it is said that it can be fired with unerring precision at, and be made to strike a hostile vessel five miles distant.

It keeps well down in the water, so its approach cannot be easily discovered, and comes in contract with the vessel at which it is directed just below the water-line.

If fairly hit with this deadly missile, which is only about sixteen feet in length, it is claimed that the strongest war ship afloat would be almost completely annihilated.

The carpenter shop is the building next in order, in which are circular, plain and band saws, slotting machines, planing machines, lathes, and so on ad infinitum, in operation. The number of workmen in this department is about seventeen hundred.

They are engaged in making ammunition boxes and anything else from wood that is used by an army.

From here we proceed through the grounds where, on either side, are acres upon acres of stacks of cartridges, shot and shell, ready for shipment, with ordnance of almost every size and description.

High above its surroundings is a cannon, which is a veritable monster in appearance.

It is the famous "Woolwich Infant,"weighing thirty-five tons.

There were two of them cast, and they mark an era in the constructions of heavy guns, for they

THE ROYAL ARSENAL AT WOOLWICH.

are the last made from cast iron.

Passing on, we come to the Gun Factory, and, in the] show-room, are confronted with samples of each kind of the rapid-firing guns now used by the artillery, from thirty-five pounders down.

There is the mountain howitzer, for loading on camels or mules, and using in that position.

Then there are the Nordenfeldt and Armstrong gun, and others, all breech loaders and rifled, as, of course, is all modern artillery.

The Nordenfeldt and Armstrong pieces exhibit how completely under control of the operators are these massive weapons.

Throwing projectiles weighing six, eight or twelve pounds a distance of three miles and over, yet their mechanical arrangement is such that while one man loads, another aims and fires^them^from his shoulder like an old wall piece. Mounted on a swivel, they are easily deflected in either direction, the force of concussion being received by a mechanism, so that the man who has his shoulder in the rest at the back of the weapon scarcely feels a jar.

In the Armstrong gun this is accomplished by a combination of springs.

The same effect is obtained in the Nordenfedlt by pneumatic power, and is considered at Woolwich to have an advantage over all others.

There is a kind of wonderment in watching the operation of one of -these pieces of artillery.

Just imagine, if you can, shoulder-practice with a five or seven inch gun, weighing five to six and a half tons, and delivering shots at the rate of twenty in a minute This is precisely what these weapons do—one shot every three seconds with ease.

One man aims and fires, another loads, while a third is at hand to clean or give any necessary assistance.

The "boom!"of the explosion is scarcely heard before the "clank, clank! "of throwing out the old shell and inserting the new cartridge, follows;

then a momentary pause for sighting, and the operation is repeated.

Each round fired is a solid shot that will tear a hole through fifteen inches of wrought iron, or a shell that is almost certain death to all within a radius of thirty yards from where it explodes.

Of these guns. Great Britian has an ample supply in her armament.

Their skilful use in an engagement produces disastrous

Insults among the enemy's forces.

At Woolwich are manufactured guns weighing from two hundred pounds to sixty-eight tons.

The massive one hundred and ten ton guns were made at the Armstrong armory, but it is now conceded that sixty-eight tons is the maximum weight for heavy ordnance to be efficient.

A number of these are now in course of construction.

Wrought iron is the material used in heavy guns, though forged steel is also being utilized.

The metal must be of the highest quality in a particular way to withstand the severe shocks which it must receive.

This will be understood when it is known that the sixty-eight ton guns are required to bear the sudden pressure of an explosion, the force of which is sufficient to give an eighteen hundred pound shot a velocity of twenty-eight hundred feet per second, when leaving the muzzle, and carry it a distance of ten thousand yards, or over five and a half miles.

The metal, then, must stand the first heavy Jshock; must yield a little, and return to its former shape and position when the pressure is removed—all without being liable to fracture.

To meet these requirements, the material has to be of great tensile strength, and be tough and elastic; for solids are elastic to a certain extent, and possess the faculty of recovering themselves when not pressed beyond a given limit.

To secure these desirable qualities, the most careful and thorough forging is necessary.

In preparing wrought iron for heavy ordnance, it is essential that in the forging, the hammer used is at least as heavy as the finished gun.

For the smaller weapons made at Woolwich, a forty ton hammer is made to do the work. The wrought iron is heated in a furnace, and then placed under this ponderous hammer, where it is beaten together, or forged, by blows which, at the point of contact, have a force of one thousand tons.

With the metal for the large guns, the one hundred ton hammer is used, and when it descends on the mass of iron

THE ROYAL ARSENAL AT WOOLWICH.

the earth in the vicinity is made to fairly tremble by the tremendous shock.

The strain of firing a charge in these stupendous weapons of destruction mu^t be guarded against in two directions.

One is the liability to blow the breech off, and can be provided for by the weight of metal.

The other and more dangerous is the transverse strain, which tends to burst the gun.

It acts so quickly that, unless preparation has been made for the exigency, the inner layers of metal are expanded and fractured before the resistance of the others can aid thom.

To meet this, the system of constructing the gun of a number of concentric cylinders is followed, and the outer ones are made to compress the inner so that the pressure from within acts upon all together.

This is accomplished by making each successive cylinder smaller, to the extent of the shrinkage of which it can be made capable, than the one it encloses.

This quantity has been determined by mathematical computation and experiments.

The outer cylinder is expanded by heating, and the inner one is pressed into it.

The contraction which follows the cooling process sensibly squeezes the inner cylinder until the desired compression is produced.

This cannot be done with cast iron guns, because of the inability to cool the different parts in precise conformity with the relation they bear to each other for this special purpose.

In constructing a sixty-eight ton gun, a tube of this prepared metal is made by taking a solid bar forty-four feet in length and placing it on a lathe, where it is turned on the outside to within a fraction of its required size.

The reduction to the exact dimensions is made at a subsequent stage of the process.

An annular hole of the proper diameter is cut, the bar being fed automatically, and the core passing out through the tube on which the steel cutters are fixed.

The core thus obtained is used for smaller pieces of ordnance.

The time of cutting such a tube is about three months.

Then comes the jacket, the cylinder which fits over the breech of the main tube, and which is prepared in the same way.

It is heated till it expands to the full extent and is forced on the outside of the main tube.

Heavy hoops or bands of the same material are placed over both tube and jacket in a similar manner, each being bound immovably by the skrinkage.

The gun is then rifled; the spiral grooves placed in the interior by this process, seize upon the copper band at the base of the cartridge, and as it moves out give to it that circular movement necessary to secure precision in markmanship The breech is next attached.

This contains the firing and sighting apparatus, thus enabling ihe gunner to stand behind the great mass of iron while he is aiming and discharging the weapon.

After the breech is in position, the gun is placed on its carriage, resting upon trunnions or projections of metal from the jacket.

Then it is ready for "proof having taken about a year in its manufacture.

Just outside of the building where this has been going on, is an immense crane, which is claimed to be the largest in the world;

it is capable of raising a weight ot two hundred tons and moving it to any point within a radius of fifty feet.

In January, 1891, close to this huge piece of machinery, lay one of the one hundred and ten-ton guns, in for repairs.

It was part of the armament of the first-class armored battle ship Sans Pareil, and in firing a charge a few weeks before, one of the chase hoops had burst.

This hoop weighed twenty-five hundred and eightytwo pounds, and had to be replaced. The one hundred and ten-ton guns cost ninety thousand dollars each and throw a projectile weighing eighteen hundred pounds.

Their estimated life, without refitting the interior, is seventy-five rounds.

There have been fourteen shots fired from this particular gun already, and its long tube is beginning to curve slightly.

Connected with the gun factory is an extensive foundry.

A long tier of large cupolas for melting iron is in constant use, and as the castings are all of special patterns, the molding "flasks"are of wrought iron, in size and shape suited to the casting within.

There is also a capacious steel furnace, and one of the "pots"for carrying molten steel to the

SCANDINA VIA.

molds will hold four tons of the liquid metal.

In the gun-carriage and wagon factory is performed the labor of constructing the wheeled vehicles for transporting arms and munitions of war, in every form.

One of the buildings connected with this division is a spacious warehouse for the storing of harness, saddles, bridles, etc.

The full complement of harness is twenty-thousand sets, all ready for use.

There is also a vast supply of pressed forage—hay and grain—in a condition ready for shipment at a moment's notice, in case of emergency.

The largest building contains an extensive fitters'shop, for light pieces of machinery.

After a glance at the workmen heating an iron wheel-tire in a furnace, placing it over the wooden wheel which lies on a circular plate, and sousing the whole thing in a well to cool it, the visitor is ushered into the passage that leads through the arsenal gates to the open highway, impressed with a deep sense of the magnitude of the labor performed, and the efforts put forth in constructing machines with which to destroy human life.

Inquiry may be made as to what is proposed to be done with the vast production of such an army of mechanics.

"Destined for the use of the army and navy,"is the reply.

That it can be thus easily disposed of may be realized with the information that, closing with the year 1891, a period of five years will witness the building of twenty-one ironclads, twenty-one protected cruisers, and fifty-six smaller vessels.

There are also in process of construction, to be completed within the next three years, ten battle-ships, forty-two protected cruisers, and eighteen other vessels.

If the navy takes such a large share—costing eighty million dollars for new vessels alone during the past five years—the army can easily absorb the rest.

Truly Great Britain shows by her action in this line, that she is working on an "emergency programme,"and is making full preparation for a terrible conflict at arms with some of her neighbors.

J, H. Anderson.

SCANDINAVIA.

in.

DENMARK.

With"allowance for license in translation, one of the Danish patriotic poets has sung of his native land:

My Fatherland, how beautiful, Bathed by thy silver waters With sound of language soft and smooth, With mild and winsome daughters.

With beech-tree garlands 'round thy brow,

Grams, in thy arms, so golden.

Mementoes of thy saga night And songs of heroes olden The Danes love Denmark, and there are few indeed among the tens of thousands of old and middle-aged that have left the sea-washed shores of these islands, and this little peninsula of green meadows, and shady groves, for the romantic mountains, outstretched prairies, and rolling plains of America, that are ever quite satisfied with the change. We must except the Danes in Utah, because they came to America, not because they loved their country less, but the everlasting Gospel more.

The word of God satisfied them, and any sacrifice they might be called upon to make wets counted of small consequence compared with the peace of mind they found in it, and the future they saw before their children.

But the great majority of those who have emigrated to the New World do not reside in Utah, and these occupy the position to which reference is particularly made, although it may well be doubted if any of them forget their native land, or cease to long for its memories.

A Danish-American writer for one ot the Copenhagen papers, recently touches upon this subject, and presents some facts that are interesting enough for reproduction.

He says, m Politiken, the leading liberal progressive daily of the

SCANDINAVIA.

country:

"In our northern mythology we are told tliat once when the Gods wished to protect themselves from the Fenris wolf, they bound it with the strongest chains that could be found, but nevertheless, the animal tore them asunder.

At last they sent word to the ingenious dwarfs, who manufactured a chain which they called Glejpner (Glupner) thin and smooth as a thread of silk, woven from the sound of cats'steps, from the breath of fishes, and from the expectoration of birds.

In vain the wolf tried his strength on this;

it bound him forever.

The ties that link mankind to their native land may be likened to the chain Glejpner.

Like it, they are woven together of apparently immaterial substances—the ^sound of purling springs, the scented breezes of the woods, cradle songs, childhood tales, memories of sorrows and joys, the thoughts of graves of loved ones, and the associations of kindred and friends.

But, as with Glejpner, so with these 'homestead-ties;'they cannot be broken.

We may for years permit the ocean barrier to separate our old from our new homes, we may long have made an abiding place in the midst of our new surroundings, we may learn a new language, and probably create for ourselves a new and interesting sphere of action, and yet we cannot avoid realizing that we must remain bound by these ties until the day of death.

"The first great losses that we feel are the mementoes or remembrances.

The American woods and the plains are grander than at home, btit they awaken no memories in us—to them we look in vain for links of thought.

In our childhood we imagined surrounding nature peopled with the creations of our fancy could hear the water sprites'mournful song, behold the hill supported by statues of fire, aud witness the fairies dancing over the meadows.

We seemed to be surrounded by the spirits of our departed, in our churches, at our meetings, and even in our homes and at our daily tasks.

Here, however, where we call a business establishment 'old'when it has been in existence ten years, and where we gaze upon a book or a piece of furniture a hundred years old as we would upon relics from the flood—here, the prairie, to us at least, is but a sageless plain, the woods a pile of timber without historical antiquity.

Another circumstance—that seldom, in the same family are more than two generations together, parents and children—has a wonderful effect on the community.

The lack ot that influence which a grandfather or an old grandmother so frequently exercises over the little ones results in the children being early left to themselves, because the parents must be engaged in the battle for existence.

The children are early mixed with business and family cares.

They grow up in an atmosphere of wages, profit and loss, buying and selling; they dream of gold mines when their fathers dreamed of lovely princesses, and fear thieves in the years that their fathers trembled before the thoughts of witches, apparitions and hob-goblins.

It is difficult to build a family life exclusively with parents and children; and this task is doubly hardened when the two generations belong each to its own class in the community, has its own civilization, its own language and history.

The children often get a better education than the parents have received, they understand better how to dress, become independent early, select their own society, and are, on the whole, no longer Danes but Americans.

In the greater number of emigrant families, the children are the domineers;

they determine the social tone of the family, they sing and play American songs and melodies, they gather their American friends about them, arrange the dinners, love and make love in American fashion, and all protestations of the parents against these innovations on their old time customs are met by the children with 'you do not understand,'or 'that is how the others act.'

The parents feel much like the hen which has patiently hatched duck eggs they withdraw to the kitchen or private rooms where they are looked upon by the new generation's friends and visitors as a kind of curiousity, and unavoidable inconvenience, a kind of half-civilized people."

SCANDIhAVIA.

That the children should be Americans in America is perfectly proper.

It is worse than folly to seek to establish or perpetuate Danish, or any other foreign customs, habits, society and modes of life in a land where every condition, inward and outward, savors of their opposites, breathes the spirit of freedom and progress.

And besides, Denmark and its inhabitants are improving also, and it would astound many of its old inhabitants in America should they come back here and find, as they often would, that they are "behind the procession"not only in America but Denmark as well.

It is a great mistake that foreigners are making in many parts of the United States—this clannishness.

It crops out occasionally in our own Utah, and would doubtless flourish there as elsewhere were it not for the absorbing, patriotic, progressive and uniting influence of the

Gospel.

But being Americans does not prevent the young men of Scandinavian parentage from paying that respect and reverence to their parents which, notwithstanding their position, is most assuredly due them, owing to the many virtues of which they are possessed.

These people sacrificed themselves and much they held dear for their children.

They are like trees torn by the roots from their native soil and transplanted to new earth, where the sun, and the air, and the'ground, and the sky are strange and uncongenial to their lives, where they spend their remaining strength upon the new limbs that shoot forth in springtime splendor from the roots of the dying trunks.

The fathers and mothers of thousands of the young people of Utah have made a precious sacrifice which is little understood and often poorly repaid by their children.

We laud the soldier who places himself between his companion and the deadly shell, and praise the hero who throws himself in the path of danger for the safety of others;

how much more, then, should we not honor the parent who willingly and knowingly sacrificed himself to pave a pathway of freedom and progress for his posterity!

This can be done most acceptably not by encouraging clannishness in which is sought the perpetuation of effete traditions and peculiar customs, but by preserving in, and obeying, the truth, by improving the opportunities for advancement that were laid bare, and by perpetuating the heaven-born principles which their visions beheld, and to insure which to their children the parents became the hidden corner stone, the root of a new life.

But in this digression we are forgetting our subject, Denmark, of which a general outline will be interesting before special subjects are spoken of.

The present population are descendants of the Goths who came from the East.

Before the Goths overspread the country, Denmark and other parts of Scandmavia, were inhabited by a primitive race, of whom there is no reliable history, who were driven from their rude habitations, or made the slaves of the more intelligent invaders.

The Goths brought to the North a wonderful mythology.

Their greatest gods they called Asers, and among these Odin was the chief, the father of all the gods as well as ot man.

Thor, the god of thunder, and Balder, were his sons and their discendents, were the various gods of war, peace, poetry, sunshine and rain, the sea.

The evil god they called Loke;

he was of a giant family, but had early in time become related to Odin.

He was the father of the Fenris wolf, the Midgaardsworm, and Hel, the goddess o» death.

Each of the gods had a goddess who had each her duty to perform, from Frigga, the wife of Odin, down to Ydun, who had the golden apples in her keeping by which the gods renewed their youth;

to Ran, whose daughters were the billows of the ocean;

to Nornema, the goddess of fate, who sat by the springs of life and controlled the fate ot mankind;

to Walkyriema, the virgins of Odin, who passed through space marking with their spears the heroes whom death should claim in the battle fields on land and sea.

It will not be possible here to give even the briefest outline of the faith, habit and modes of life of these people, and their legendary kings which included the famous Hamlet, Hildetand,

SCANDINA VIA.

Ring, and many others; but it is enough for our purpose to know that long after Christianity was introduced in southern and western Europe this as a faith prevailed in Scandinavia, and it was not until 827-30 A. D., cotemporaneous with the raids of the Vikings, that Christianity began to take foothold among the people.

At this time it was introdued into Denmark and Sweden by the Catholic monk Ansgar, who had been called "The Apostle of the North."The country was formerly ruled by a number of chiefs or kings, and it was not until after this time that one sovereign ruled the whole, while wars and contentions have constantly been the rule. The peace which we love to claim modern civilization has had a tendency to establish, has been rudely broken at various times even in the century in which we live.

Denmark now consists of a portion of the peninsula of Jylland, reaching nearly as far north as the fifty-eighth degree of latitude, and a number of islands, most of which lie between the Baltic and Cattegat.

The total area of the main land and the islands is about fourteen thousand five hundred and ninety-five square miles, and the population is about two millions.

Jylland, which is the main land, and the real home of the typical Dane, lies between the North Sea and Cattegat.

This peninsula,not considering SchleswigHolstein, and

Lauenborg, is about one hundred and seventy miles long, while its greatest breadth is about one hundred miles, containing an area of nine thousand six hundred and sixty-five square miles.

The surface is low, particularly on the west coast which is occupied by great dunes, or sandhills that are constantly encroaching upon the arable land.

These dunes frequently reach from the sea inland as far as three and four miles and are sometimes as high as two hundred feet, being composed of white sands so that they shine as if snow-clad.

The coast is begirt with a tripple row of sand banks, and is very dangerous to shipping, being for this reason provided with many light-houses and life-saving stations.

To prevent the flight of the sand inland, the sandhills are frequently planted with grasses.

The country further inland, and particularly near the Cattegat coast, has fine wood-clad, but low, hills, and rich, beautiful valleys.

The country is dotted over with villages or bunches of white, low-walled strawthatched houses often built in the form ot squares.

In the midst of these villages the white Church, with its low cloisterlike entrances, and clumsy white tower, stands, a monument to the Christian faith, introduced and built by the early Catholic fathers, and taken from them and given to other priests when the larum of the Reformation, early in the sixteenth century, converted the heads of the nation to the new faith, and when the doctrines of Luther were heralded over the land.

There is a rise towards the east, culminating a distance from the coast, in a stretch of hills of which the highest Ejersbavsnehoj—is five hundred and fifty feet in altitude, the highest point in Denmark.

Among these hills is another point called Himmelbjarget, the height of which is five hundred feet.

There are no rivers in this country, but a number ot fjords, springs and little creeks are found.

Limfjorden, in north Jylland, is the largest water in the country, but can, of course, no longer be called a fjord since it now reaches from Cattegat to the North Sea across the whole land, having broken its way over the country during a great storm in 1825.

In the central part of Jylland are large heaths overgrown with lyng, a peculiar brown shrub or plant richly clothed with small, pretty flowf rs.

Up to October 30th, 1864, Jylland included the Dutchies of SchleswigHolstein, and Lauenborg. but it was then lost, and this is how it occured:

The present king, Christian IX.

is the first king of the House Gliicksborg.

Previous to the death of his predecessor, Frederick VII., in 1863, the kings of Denmark since the days of Kristiern I., who began ruling in 1448, had belonged to Oldenborg line of kings, who, besides being kings of Denmark were Dukes of Schleswig-Holstein and afterwards of Lauenborg.

But Frederick VII. had no

SCANDINA VIA.

heir, and so an arrangement, by all the European powers, was entered into by which Prince Christian of Glyksborg was to be declared the heir to the Danish throne at the death of Frederick the Seventh—this was called the "London Treaty."But Frederick died, and then a party in Schleswig-Holstein, under the leadership of Prince Frederick of Augustenborg, objected to the arrangement, and, upon the ascension to the throne of the present king, declared war with Denmark, which Germany and Austria combined to assist him in.

England, France and Russia objected to the plunder of the little land, and asked for peace, but nevertheless, the war was prosecuted, since these powers were not interested enough to follow up their desires with the deoiding power of the sword.

The Danes lost the day, and on the thirtieth of October, 1864, a treaty of peace was signed in Wien in which it was provided that the kingdom of Denmark should relinquish not only Holstein and Lauenborg, but also Schleswig their old possession in southern Jylland in which over two hundred thousand Danes had their homes.

These people have been treated by what the Danes call persecution ever since.

They have had to adopt the customs and language of their conquerors, and many indignities, as they consider, are heaped upon them.

A later war in 1866 between Prussia and Austria decided (treaty of Prague) that Prussia was to be the sole proprietor and governor of the conquered Duchies, but by the intervention of Emporer Napoleon

III., a provision was inserted in the treaty by which Schleswig was to be returned to Denmark, providing the people so preferred.

This provision the Prussians steadily refused to fulfill, and by a later agreement between Prussia and Austria, it lias been rescinded, and so the subject rests for the time being.

It is not unlikely that should war ever break out again in Europe, tiiis little question will be one among many that will mix itself in with the interminable entanglement that would result.

In 165S, the southern part of Sweden, consisting of the provinces of Skane, Holland and Blekinge, which had for many years belonged to Denmark, were annexed to Sweden through the assistance which the celebrated Danish Nobleman Korfits Ufreld rendered the Sweding king, CarlX., against the then Danish ruler Frederick

III.

Besides Jylland, the country consists of several large island, of which Sjalland, containing the capital city, Copenhagen, is the largest.

Then there are Fyn, (Feen) Laaland, Falster, Langeland Moen, Bornholm, and a number of smaller islands containing a joint area of about four thousand nine hundred and thirty square miles.

Excepting Bornholm, with its rocky shores and lyngbedecked heaths, these islands are very fruitful, and have beautiful meadows, fields and woods, in which latter the the famous beech-trees, the Danish poet's pride, are very abundant.

The colonies belonging to Denmark comprise the Faroe Islands, just north of Ireland, consisting of twenty-two small unfruitful islands, Iceland, Greenland, and the three islands of St.

Croix, St. Thomas, and St. Jan in the West Indies.

The government of Denmark is a limited monarchy in which the king is the executive power.

The congress, or parliament, called Regsdagen, which is the lawmaking power, consists of two houses, Landsthing and Folkething, the members of both of which are elective.

The Lutheran is the established state religion, but other sects enjoy the full liberty of worship which, with many other privileges, including the freedom of tl^e press, and compulsory education, is a result of a modification of the constitution in June, 1848-9, under Frederick the Seventh.

It will be remembered, in this connection, that at a general conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, held in Salt Lake City on the seventh of October, 1849, Apostle Erastus Snow and Elder P. O. Hansen were called to open the Gospel doors in Denmark where they arrived, together, with

Elder John E. Forsgren, who was called to go to Sweden, and Elder Geo.

P.

Dykes, who accompanied Apostle Snow

IN THE NURSERY, from England, and proceeded to introduce the glad message June 14th, 1850, Elder Hansen having gone ahead, arriving on the eleventh of May.

It will thus be seen that the opportunity was no sooner presented than the Gospel was preached, and our Elders were among the first to show the people the errors of the prevailing faith which had held unbounded sway in the land since its introduction under Kristian III.

in 1536.

Erastus Snow erected the standard of the true and everlasting Gospel, and became the second great "Apostle of the North."The nineteen Amt, or counties in the land are divided ecclesiastically into seven divisions each called a tift, each presided over by a bishop who has in turn charge of the various churches, priests and pastorates in his stift.

The whole is presided over by whoever is appointed Bishop of Sjalland, and this dignitary in church matters stands next to the king, who IS the head of the church, and in whom all religious power and authority is vested.

The education of the children is in the hands of the church under proper educational control, and the Lutheran faith is taught in all the public schools.

There is a fine state university in Copenhagen; and in various parts are normal schools for the training of teachers.

The chief industry of the people is agriculture and stock-raising.

Some grain and large quantities of butter and cabbage are exported.

The manufacture of the country is unimportant, but its trade is healthy with a forward tendency.

The climate is mild; and owing to the insularity of the land the winters are less severe than in inland countries much farther south.

The moisture is great and the weather is often cloudy.

During the winter of 1890-1, from the middle of September till the close of March, there were very few occasions or days when the sun shone.

That was an unusual and severe winter, however, but excepting a few days in January, when Oresund froze over so that it became almost impossible to continue the steamship communication with Sweden, the temperature was seldom colder than from one to three degrees Remaur.

The winter days, as in the whole north, are short and dark, the shortest being six and one-half hours.

Copenhagen, of course, is the chiet city, having about three hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants; other important cities are Aarhus, Aalborg, Frederickshavn,

Horsens, Randers, and Fredericia, in Jylland; Odense in Fyn, and Korsor and Helsingor in Sjabland.

The surroundings of Copenhagen are delightful.

Its many fine parks are the pleasure of visitors, and the pride of its inhabitants.

No city in Scandinavia has so many and such fine hospitals, theatres, hotels, and places of amusement as Copenhagen.

Its Tivoli is famous everywhere, and its celebrated sea-side walk, Langlinie, is among the prettiest in Europe.

It may well be doubted that a better governed city can be found anywhere.

It has several ancient castles, Thorvaldsen's Museum, besides many old historical buildings, churches and schools.

Ships from all the sea-faring, surrounding nations may be seen in its fine harbor.

Edward H. Anderson.

IN THE NURSERY.

Where do I like my lady best?

In truth I cannot tell.

Like daily sun, from east to west,

O'er time of work, o'er time of rest,

She casts a shining spell.

From drawing-room to terrace moves

The presence of my dear.

As after Venus flit the doves, My thoughts, my happy hopes, my loves

Fly up and follow near.

Yet if one picture there could be

Which I might choose to keep, 'Tis in the fire-lit nursery, Two children clinging to her knee,

The third held close, asleep.

Harper's Bazar.

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON

PRATT.

At the afternoon meeting, President Orson Pratt spoke at some length from Isaiah xl, 9; "O Zion that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, behold your God This passage is one among numerous others, relating to great events which were to receive a fulfillment just previous to the second advent of our Lord, whose coming is clearly predicted in the following verses:

"Behold the Lord God will come with a strong hand, and his arm shall rule for him.

Behold his reward is with him and his work before him.

He shall feed his flock like a shepherd;

he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them to his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young."The subjects contained in the foregoing text.

Elder Pratt arranged under three general headings:

First.—Who were to be the people whom the Prophet here addresses as "Zion?"Second.—What is the nature of the good tidings which Zion shall bring?

Third.—Why is Zion commanded to get up into the high mountains? "

Upon these questions President Pratt spoke briefly in substance as follows:

"First.—Who were to be the people whom the prophet here addresses as "Zion!""They were to be a people raised up by the Lord Himself, just before He "comes with a strong hand"to rule with His own arm.

David says (Psalm cii.) "When the Lord shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory."The Zion mentioned in these passages could not have had reference to the Zion then existing at

Jerusalem, but to a Zion that was to be built up and exist in the future.

It could not have had reference to the church established under the administration of the ancient apostles;

for the Lord did not '^appear in His glory"to rule with a strong hand in that day.

It could not have had reference to anv people who have existed for the last seventeen centuries; for, according to their own testimony, the Lord has not spoken during that time; and therefore He has not called any of them Zion.

Neither has He built up any city among them called Zion; for, if He had, He would have appeared in His glory.

But, as a preparatory work for His glorious appearing, both a people and a city called Zion are to be raised up.

The people now have an existence.

The city is yet to be built up by them according to the pattern which the Lord shall give by new revelation.

The Latter-day Saints, the 'pure in heart'have already been acknowledged by the Lord to be Zion.

(Doctrine and Covenants, page 243).

"The nations of the world will not be at a loss to know when the Lord builds Zion; for each dwelling in Zion will have an appendage to it different from what has ever been seen in any of the cities of the nations.

Isaiah says, that "the Lord will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night.

Tiiis peculiar appendage will distinguish the assemblies and dwelling places of Zion from the assemblies and dwelling places of all other cities.

We think that this appendage will not be easily counterfeited.

It will bs a new order of architecture, that will puzzle the wise men of Babylon.

Gas light and artificial illumination will rather get out of fashion in those days, especially in Zion.

When the great men of the earth find that they can neither buy nor steal the patent for thus illuminating their cities, they will no doubt feel anxious to emigrate.

Hence Isaiah says, 'the gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising.'But some of the kings will get awfully frightened as they draw near the city, and behold a flame of fire over every habitation.

They will find out that a city of such splendor is no place for them, and they will haste away as fast as possible.

"David illustrates this beautifully in the 48th Psalm:

'Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised in the city of

3o6 LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRA TT.

our God in the mountain of His holiness.

Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north the city of the great King.

God is known in her palaces for a refuge.

For, lo, the kings were assembled, they passed by together.

They saw it, and so they marveled, they were troubled and hasted away.

Fear took hold upon them there, and pain, as a woman in travail.'"It seems, then, that the Lord will build up a city before he appears in His glory, that will strike sudden terror to the hearts of kings, as they assemble to see it.

They will have something else to think of then besides catechisms, creeds, and doctrines of uninspired men.

Their imaginary 'God without body, parts, or passions,'will, for awhile, be forgotten, as they look upon the dazzling glory of Zion.

Such is the city and such are the people, whom Isaiah in our text calls Zion and to whom he addresses his prophetic message.

"Second.—What is the nature of the ^good tidings'which this people called Zion were to bring?

''The 'everlasting gospeV no doubt was to form the principal part of this message of 'good tidings.'The Lord could not raise up a people called Zion, without restoring to the earth the gospel as predicted by John in his prophecy.

That gospel, when restored, must produce the same blessings among the children of Zion as were enjoyed in ancient times, namely, visions, dreams, new revelations, prophesies, healings, and, m fine, all the miraculous gifts promised to the believers.

"Now this, indeed, would be 'good tidings'to the nations, who, for a great many centuries have been destitute of such blessings.

The gospel containing such tidings as nothing more nor less than the 'everlasting gospel,'that is, a gospel that is unchangeably and everlastingly the same, producing in all ages, among all nations, and at all times, the same fruits, the same blessings, the same miraculous powers and gifts, wherever and whenever it is preached by those sent of God, and received and obeyed in faith.

Such a gospel had no been preached by one having authority on this eastern hemisphere for the last seventeen hundred years, until it was of late restored by an angel from heaven.

But now it is preached with power and authority for the last time, and those who receive it are the children of Zion, and they are gathering out by the thousands from among the nations, that in the Lord's due time they may build the city of Zion according to the prophets.

This people then are the people who are carrying *good tidings^ to the nations.

Never were there better tidings revealed to man than are contained in the present message.

"O, ye inhabitants of the British Isles, rejoice, for Zion hath sent unto you 'good tidings'of great joy.

She hath sent to you the messengers of peace, holding the great seal of authority from her king.

If you will hear their voice, and receive their good tidings, you shall become the King's favorites, and assist in building Him a beautiful city, and He will come and dwell in your midst, and you shall go in and out in His presence, and

His glory shall be upon you and upon your children, and upon all your assemblies, and upon every dwelling place of the city, and it shall be called "the perfection of beauty,''and the great King shall honor it with His presence.

"Let the poor in the Isles rejoice in the tidings, for the day of their deliverance is near at hand; for they shall be gathered to Zion, and flourish in the rich valleys of

Ephraim.

Let the rich rejoice also; for they shall have the privilege of bringing their gold and their silver with them to beautify the place of the name of the Lord of Hosts—the mount Zion.

Let the kings of the earth rejoice, for they shall come to the light of Zion, and shall be taught a perfect system of government;

for a perfect law shall go forth of Zion, from which kings and many nations shall learn wisdom.

Let all the inhabitants of the earth rejoice, for a feast of fat things is preparing, and all that will come, may come and partake freely.

"Behold, we publish 'good tidings'to all nations and kingdoms, peoples and

LTFK AND

L'ABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

tongues, that the preparatory glory of the second coming of our Lord is about to be revealed.

Blessed are they who shall take oil in their lamps and gather out from among the nations—from the midst of great Babylon, and go forth to meet the Bridegroom—to the place appointed, and there build unto Him a city and sanctuary that the place of His feet may be made glorious;

for, recollect, the Bridegroom will not come until 'He builds up Zion.'Blessed are they who shall receive these good tidings, and shall seek with all their hearts to build up Zion, for they shall be filled with the gift and power of the Holy Ghost and shall perform miracles, signs and wonders in the name of the Lord God of Israel, and shall receive their hihcriiance among the mighty ones of Zion.

Zion is now sounding her 'good tidings'in the ears of the present generation.

"Third.—Why is Zion commanded to 'get up into the high mountains?

Why did He exclaim so emphatically, 'O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountains Surely He must have seen some cause of an important nature, why

Zion should go into a high mountain, or He never would have uttered a commandment to take effectnearly three thousand years in the future.

One of the principal causes why Zion should be requiced to 'get up into a high mountain'is, that they might build a house of God there, in fulfillment of prophecy.

Micah, (chap. 4), says:

'But in the last days it shall come to pass that the mountain of the house of the Lord shall be established in the tops of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills;

and people shall flow unto it.

And many nations shall say, come and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and He will teach us of His ways, and we will walk in His paths, for the law shall go forth of

Zion, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.'All this was to take place in the 'last days.'"We can see the propriety then of Isaiah's calling upon the people of the latter-day Zion to 'get up into the high mountain.'For it is there that the 'house of the God of Jacob'is to be built.

It is from the tnountains that Zion shall send forth her perfect law to teach the kings of the earth wisdom, and the nations afar of? a perfect order of government.

It is in the house of God which shall be in the mountains, that 'many nations'shall be taught in the ways of the Lord, and be instructed to 'walk in his paths.'There must be something connected with the House of God in the mountains which is very peculiar, or it would never excite the attention of many nations.

There are many thousands of houses built up at the present day, professing to be the houses of God.

Scores of them are to be seen in almost every city of America and Europe; yet there does not appear anything very striking in any of them.

There is not one house among the whole of them that has excited the attention of even one nation.

There is a very good reason for this; for all nations have been entirely destitute of a 'house of God'for more than seventeen hundred years.

Indeed, the house of God was not to be built again until the last days; and, when it was built, it should be built in the mountains, and not in several hundred places among the nations.

"The 'house of God'could not be built without new revelation to give the pattern of its various apartments.

Without new revelation Zion would not know the precise time to 'get up into the high mountains,'they would not know the precise mountain where God would have His house to be built.

The 'house of God'never was in any past age, and never can be in any future age, built without express commandments or new revelations being given to the people who build it.

When the house of God shall be built in the right time, and in the right place, and according to the right pattern, and by the right people, then it will be acknowledged by the God of Jacob—then His glory shall rest upon it, and His presence shall come into it.

Then 'He shall sit between the cherubims,'and reign in the midst of Zion.

Then the wicked shall tremble, and the inhabitants of the earth shall be moved

3o8 LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

Then ^many nations'shall say, come, let us go up to Zion, for God is there;

His house is there; His people are there;

His law is there; His glory and power are there; the "prefection of beauty"is there;

whatsoever is great, and good, and noble are there? Come, then, let us go up, 'for he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths,'and we will no more lift up our swords against nations, but convert them into the peaceful implements of husbandry, and henceforth dwell with the people of God.

It is to accomplish this great, this marvellous, this wonder ful work, that Zion in the last days is commanded to ^get ttp itdo the high mountain.

"Thousands of her noble enterprising sons have already traversed the widely extended plains of North America, and have ascended the great central range of mountains that form as it were, the backbone of that continent, and among its deep, retired, and lonely recesses they have 'sought out'a resting place for the children of Zion.

In the spring of 1847, eight of the Quorum of the Twelve, in company with one hundred and thirtyfive others, left Council Bluffs on the Missouri River, as pioneers, to explore the great interior of the continent, and find a place suitable for the location of the Saints.

We prepared ourselves with astronomical and other scientific instruments of English construction, viz:

one circle of reflection, two sextants, one quadrant, two artificial horizons, one large reflecting telescope, several smaller ones, two barometers, several thermometers, besides nautical almanacs, books, maps, &c. We also invented a simple machine attached to a wagon wheel, by which the whole distance, as well as distances from place to place, were accurately measured.

By the aid of these instruments, the latitudes and longitudes of the most prominent places upon our route were obtained, as also their elevations above the sea. Meteorological and geological observations were also taken throughout the whole journey. Geographical descriptions of the streams, rivers, lakes, plains, deserts, mountains, and vales, will also be found interspersed throughout the numerous journals kept by us.

Botanical and zoological observations were not forgotten by the scientific among us; and, indeed, the whole journey was rendered intensely interesting to the lovers of nature.

New sceneries, grand and sublime beyond description, were constantly exhibiting themselves to our delighted vision.

Mineral springs, hot springs, mineral tar springs, caves, and numerous other natural curiosities, were found in abundance, which constantly exited the analyzing and cause - seeking powers of our chemists and natural philosophers.

"In the latter part of July we arrived in the valley, called by us the "valley of the

Great Salt Lake;"here we located a site for a city, called by us "Great Salt Lake City."In this city we reserved a block for the building of a house unto the God of Jacob;

this we called 'Temple Block.'The latitude of the northern boundary of this block, as ascertained by a meridian observation of the sun with a sextant, is 40 deg. 45 min. 44 sec.

Its longitude, as ascertained from the mean of the calculations of three lunar distances taken by the sextant and circle, is III deg 26 min.34 sec, west of Greenwich,

Its altitude above the level of the sea, as determined by taking the mean of a number of barometrical observations upon different days, is feet.

The variation of the magnetic needle at the same place was deg.

47 min.

sec, as determined on the 30th of July, 1847, by the mean of several observations and calculations of the sun's azimuth and altitudes.

"This valley is almost shut up by high and lofty ranges of mountains on the east, west and south, and by the Great

Salt Lake on the north.

Two of the highest peaks of the range of mountains on the east are elevated about one and one-third miles above the level of the valley, and are capped with perpetual snow, which, glistening in the sunbeams, gives to the scenery the picture of eternal winter, wedded in sweet unison with the gentile mild, varied, and refreshing seasons of the valleys beneath.

The mountain scenery of this whole region

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

presents a beautifnl picturesque appearance, awfully grand and imposing.

The impress of the power of Divinity seems to be enstamped in majestic silence on every rugged brow.

One would think that Sublimity itself had hewn out an everlasting habitation in these wild romantic mountains.

"It will be perceived that the site for the city is in the same latitude as the City of New York.

And it is highly probable that all the variety of grains and fruit, so abundant in New York, can be raised in the valley.

The average temperature during the month of August, in the heat of the day, was about 96° of Fahrenheit's scale, which is about the same as in the same latitude on the eastern coast of tiiat continent.

The nights are cool and refreshing, the mountain breezes gentle, generally changing their directions with the sun, so that in twenty-four hours a pure, exhilerating, reviving breeze is experienced from every point of the compass.

The winters are mild and pleasant;

the grass remaining green the year round.

Cattle, sheep, horses, mules, etc., graze at all seasons.

The cutting and laying up ofhay is unnecessary.

It will be necessary to irrigate the soil, as there is not much rain that descends into the valley.

The showers of rain, hail and snow generally fall upon the lofty ranges of mountains, where the vapor is condensed -by coming in the neighborhood of large masses of snow, and immediately precipitates itself upon surrounding hills and forests, beautifully illustrating the prediction ofIsaiah(chap. xxxii), who prophesied that the calamities of Israel should continue until the spirit poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest.

Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness and righteousness remain in the fruitful field.

And the work of righteousness shall be peace;

and the effect of righteousness, quietness and assurance forever.

And my people shall dwell in a peaceful habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places; 'when it shall hail, coviing down on the forest; and the cify shall be low in a loiv place.

To stand upon the site of our city, and cast our eyes up to the elevated regions above us, and see the showers of hail Rnd snow descending upon the dark forests of the mountains, we would exclaim with the ancient prophet, that surely, 'the city i^low i?i a low place '—the mountain storms do not effect her!—the hail of the high forests does not disturb her 'quiet resting place\ "If ever a city was locu in a low place, when compared with the mountains in the immediate neighborhood, it is the 'Great Salt Lake City.'Or if ever a city was high in a high place, when compared with the general surface of the earth or with the sea level, it is Salt Lake City.

Well might the ancient prophets speak of Zion going up into the high mountains, and of the house of the God of Jacob being built in the mountains, when it is ascertained that the 'Temple Block'is feet above the level of the ocean.

It cannot, for a moment, be supposed that Zion would go up to the top of some mountain peak, and undertake to build a city and a temple upon its snowy summit.

But the word mountain in those passages doubtless means some high elevated portions of the earth, and yet not so high as to be rendered sterile by eternal frosts and snows, for this would unfit;t for the habitation of man.

"Isaiah (chap.

Ixii), says:

'Behold the Lord hath proclaimed unto the end of the world, say ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold thy salvation Cometh; behold, His reward is with Him, and His work before

Him.

And they shall call them the holy people, the redeemed of the Lord;

and thou shalt be called, sought out, a city not forsaken.'By this passage it seems that the daughter of Zion was not only to 'get up into the high mountain,'but was to locate a city in a place 'sought out.'From this we learn, also, that the latter-day Zion was not to be built where

Zion anciently stood, that is, in Jerusalem, the place of which has been well known for ages; but in the 'high mountain,'in a place unknown, that should be 'sought out;'and there they should be called, 'the holy people'—

'the redeemed of the Lord 'a city not for-

3IO THE BIBLE.

saken.'This was something, too, that was to take place in connection with the great preparatory work for the coming of the Lord; for it will be seen in the above passage that the 'end of the world'was about this time to hear a proclamation concerning His coming, 'His reward being with him, and His work before Him.'"How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of those who are publishing 'good tidings,'that are saymg unto Zion, 'behold, thy God reigneth.'Let the servants of the Lord cry aloud to the children ot Zion scattered abroad, saying:

Go ye 'up into the high mountain'and build yourselves a c'ty, and the God of Jacob a house; for 'He will suddenly come to His temple,'and reign in Mount Zion, and in Jerusalem, and before His ancients gloriously."

Milando Pratt.

THE BIBLE.

There are three grand fundamental propositions which cover the whole ground of our Biblical research and Christian faith.

They are:

1. A world to be redeemed;

2. A redeemer;

3. The plan and powers of the redemption.

The facts that fully affirm the first proposition are found in the Old Testament;

those that establish the second, in the New Testament, and those that fully develop the third, in the consummation of the dispensation of the fulness of times, as predicted by the prophets, and will furnish material for another testament far more elaborate and important than either of those we now have.

The plan arranged through which these powers of redemption may be made available is the most important within the scope of man's comprehension, and may not be overlooked.

It simply consists of two baptisms, with accompanying conditions.

The first baptism, by water, is for the cleansing of the being, or the washing away of sin; the second baptism, which is by fire, is to consume everything that is corruptible, whether it be of man or the earth on which he dwells.

The first is an outward evidence of repentance, that man is dead to sin and has come forth to a new life; being buried in water, and brought forth out of it as typical of the resurrection from the dead.

This being his entrance upon spiritual life under divine favor, he has • now to prepare himself for the day of burning, which is irrevocably attached to the last dispensation of God to man.

It is written that a day will come that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, and all they that do wickedly, shall in that day be so thoroughly consumed, that there shall not be left either root or branch to them;

while even the elements shall melt with fervent heat, consuming all that is corruptible and leaving that only which may dwell with God in everlasting burnings.

Man once in possession of the fulness of those pMDwers of redemption prepared for him by his Redeemer, is beyond all power that can consume or destroy. The elements are as fully at his commands as the spirits of evil that dwell in them.

He becomes the possessor of all power, both in heaven and on earth.

Such is the Bible promise and such the Christian's hope.

The earth itself has had its baptism ot water, and will not escape that of fire.

There will be a new heaven and a new earth, a dwelling-place of righteousness;

indeed, all things shall become new.

The new earth, like a sea of glass, so pure and transparent, will become a suitable home for the resurrected, immortal, and celestialized beings who are to dwell upon it, and will pass to its sphere in the midst of those glorified worlds which no longer depend upon sun, moon, and stars for their light, but have the glory of the Redeemer for the light thereof, which is above the brightness of the noon-day sun.

THE BIBLE.

The Bible, as we now have it, is prophetic to the end of time.

The inspiration we are able to derive from it, opens to the mind visions of fearful import, as well as of glorious happenings. No Bible believer can afford to be indifferent to its predictions of the future.

Many men have spoken as they have been moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and every word of God thus spoken, is not only a sure word of propliecy, but every word must be fulfilled that has reference to man, or the earth on which he dwells.

The powers of redemption are applicable to all;

to the restitution of all things.

The decree has gone forth from the early ages of time, that the seventh thousand year or era of the earth's duration shall be one of peace and rest, free from the bondage of sin and death.

That period may be near to our doors;

indeed, the signs that were to precede its advent are already appearing; and, as predicted, the angels from heaven have declared the hour of God's judgment has come. Even now the all-important question is, who is prepared to meet Him? who is prepared for judgment.upon his life, by Him who knows the thoughts and intents of men's hearts?

Many and unreasonable have been the attempts made to throw discredit upon the Bible and bring it into disrepute.

Its authenticity has been questioned its data of'historical events have been denied j the character of its authors made to appear questionable and its would-be defamers have condescended to array words and phraseologies as of ignorant origin and emanations of low and vulgar minds.

Science has been declared as opposed to its very fundamental propositions of earth's creation and duration, and of all its consequent logical deductions; and even the consistency'of redemption by atonement, on the

Bible plan, has been denied as utterly inconsistent with a God of justice and mercy.

Yet, notwithstanding all this, its true defenders have been successful in resisting every assault, until now, the day in which we live, it is a reproach to intelligent minds to be arrayed against its sacred history.

Those truths directly affecting the happiness and salvation of man, are all capable of demonstration by him.

He may acquire that personal knowledge of his relation to the present, the future, and his God, as well as to all truth of divine import, that will place him beyond the reach of unbelief, and enable him to say in. truth, as others, of Bible fame, have said, "I know that my Redeemer liveth;"thus adding to the accumulated testimony of that innumerable throng which shall surround the throne of God, when rewards and punishments, there determined, shall indicate the future condition of every soul of man.

If He who created the earth, and who created man in His own image and likeness, with all the attributes and characteristics of his Maker, has done so without any intention of communicating to him the nature of his being, and the purpose of his creation, then the entire work, so far as man is concerned, must be entirely void of result, and the whole scheme only an exhibition of the most consummate folly.

If He has spoken at sundry times and in divers places, and made known to man the object of his being, the law of his creation, and his future destiny, the facts of these communications are certainly found in the Bible, as the acknowledged record of His dealings and revelations; and every man in every place should know what these facts are.

If divine truths are not as susceptible of demonstration as are mathematical problems, then the intelligence of man is greater than that of God the human mind greater than the divine mind, and the sciences of earth superior to the intelligence of heaven.

Bible precepts are adapted to the wants, conditions, and the development of man from childhood to old age.

The Bible is salutory of peace and good will to all men everywhere;

Its sanctity as the word of God is proverbial in all lands;

It is like an iron rod to which one may safely cling in life's darkest hour;

Its mission is to take man from his low condition and place hmi among the celestial ones on high;

LIFE IN CALIFORNIA IN

I9It offers more than man can ask, as a reward for implicit confidence in its truths.

The Bible is like God, in that it contemplates \h&fuiure with the same certainty that it has recorded the pasi, or recognizes the present It imparts prophetic vision that enables the eye to look beyond the bounds of time, and gaze upon eternal realities.

In view of the benefits to be derived, I would most earnestly advise Bible reading by all classes.

It is a trusty guide in the journey of Hfe.

Its social and moral teachings are most sublime, and have a direct tendency to develop and purify both the moral and spiritual of humanity.

Its demand of "Love to God,"and "love to fellow-man,"we can well afford to pay, and be the richer the more we give.

Love works no ill;

it may grow to Deity itself, and find its counterpart among the glorified of worlds.

If man will only put the mantle on, he will ever find it one of charity; the first of all the virtues known—the garment of the Gods.

Of all people, the Saints of Latter-days are the most directly interested, and should be most familiar with the Bible and its assurances.

Every child of the age of twelve years should so comprehend its text as to be able to determine whether the lives of self or others are in conformity with it.

It tells us that the knowledge of God shall cover the earth, and in that day no one shall feel proud to be ignorant of the Bible, as the word leading to the knowledge of God

Eternal Life.

5".

W.

Richards.

LIFE IN CALIFORNIA IN '49.

Life in California was at that time a wild romance.

No words can describe the scenes that were enacted during that chaotic period.

Outlaws and professional gamblers opened saloons by the score at every point where men gathered.

Money was scattered everywhere as if by the wind.

Miners who had realized fortunes in a few days came down to Stockton, Sacramento and San Francisco, to squander them in a night at the gambling tables.

Scarcely a woman was anywhere seen.

All restraining influences of society were absent, and I cannot find an expression better suited in the case than "Pandemonium on a frolic."

This rough life was not without its touches of sentiment.

One day the town was electrified by the rumor that an invoice of woman's bonnets had arrived, and could be seen at one of the stores.

The excitement was intense, and there was a rush from every direction to get a realistic view of even so insignificant a substitute for female society.

I do not overstate the truth in saying that the thoughts of home that were awakened in the breasts of the rude-looking men at the sight of those bonnets, started tears from their eyes which the worst forms of privation had failed to moisten.

The Christian missionary was already on the ground, and had managed to find a place where he could preach on Sunday.

One of the first men who arrived with his family came to one of these meetings attended by his wife and baby.

During the sermon it chanced that the bab^'^cried and the mother was about to withdraw, when the preacher addressed her thus: "My good woman, I beg you to remain;

the innocent sound of that infant's voice is more eloquent than any words I can command.

It speaks to the hearts of men whose wives and children are far away, looking and praying tor a safe return to their own loved ones at home."Never shall I forget the sobs and tears which those words evoked tjjroughout that rough assembly.

That infant's cry seemed to them the music of angels.

With those who made San Francisco their temporary abode, gambling appeared to be the chief occupation, and Spanish monte the favorite game.

One house fronting on the plaza, a two -story frame building called the Parker

House, rented for |i2o,ooo per annum, the rental being paid mostly by gamblers.

A single store of small dimensions, and made of rough boards, rented for I3000 a month.

A canvas tent used as a gambling-saloon, rented for $40,000 per annum.

Money was loaned on good security at fifteen per cent, a month, and out of the loan the borrowers made fortunes in real estate operations.

Century.

HUGH.

A CHARACTER Some writer, in our busy world of books,

With literary prestige bristling o'er,

Has made a man, in reading o'er his traits,

A dual being; having one set mood

In which he meets the world and fellow-man;

Another, known to none except himself,

And Him from whom not e'en his thoughts are hid.

From me far be it to eschew his thought;

Or seek upon its broken pedestal.

In manner Phoenix-like, to rear anew,

From ashes of the old, a figure-head.

And yet, from out the path so plainly laid

I'd fain digress, and speak of one

I know, As fair exception to a general rule.

For if the average man of mind and mold,

Be represented full in dual form,

My hero shall in measure doubled be.

I.

A sunny smile, tho'skies are gray;

A cheery laugh, tho'days are dreary;

A jest for one who is not gay,

A helping hand to him that's weary.

A pleasant voice to tell old tales.

Or read from books some sweet love-story;

Or, haply, as the daylight pales.

Discourse of ancient days of glory.

Perchance the future is the theme

And plans are laid, with castles airy;

He would be great—that is his dream

And earnest thought, tho'voice be merry.

H.

Midnight hour approaches;

Embers glimmer low;

Heaven's starry lanterns, Glisten o'er the snow.

Forth we'll sally, peeping Thro'the window-blind, At my hero, keeping Quiet, lest he mind.

Stern, you'd almost call him.

Looking on him now;

For the smile has vanished, Low'ring is his brow.

But when wrong is righted;

From error, truth evolved;

Light "mid darkness sighted.

And the problem solved Mark the brow serenely Earnest, thoughtful, wise;

Mark the vivid action Of the beaming eyes.

From the printed pages.

As he scans them through.

Wisdom of the ages Opens to his view.

Hail to the cheery social hour

Care and sadness in vain may glower;

Hearts leap light at the gladsome call

And his the lightest of them all.

The air is thick with the lightning gleams

Of jest, and banter and wisdom's beams

Scold, threaten, appeal tohischrivalry,

He answers with heartless mimicry.

Dodge as you may his keen-edged wit.

Lunge or parry, you'll own you're hit.

Forward, march, or quick retreat,

Lower your guns, and own defeat

A sick and suffering stranger;

A dimly lighted room;

A moan of pain and anguish Upstealing thro'the gloom;

A call for heavenly succrfr.

Thro'one endowed with power;

By blessings of the priesthood.

That priceless heavenly dower.

A strong and hopeful brother;

A tender heart and true.

With sympathy o'erflowing For old friends or for new.

A faith that does not falter, Tho'death be standing by;

A power to bid him vanish, And bring good angels nigh.

A voice that whispers comfort.

And bids faith bud anew;

That strengthens falt'ring courage.

And sweet hope bring? to view;

Leaving the torn mind tranquil;

The sad heart mild and calm;

The spirit freed from terror.

By faith's great healing balm.

Philosophers oft'tell us'That all we ever know, Is gained by vivid contrast Of things we meet below.

For if we knew not darkness, How could we publish light;

Or if we met not dullness Appreciate the bright So I have traced my hero.

In various humors dres't;

And, curious, 'wait your verdict.

Which mood vou like the best.

Cactus

EDITORIAL.

.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, June, 1891.

THE CONFERENCE.

The annual conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Latter-day Saints, held May 31st and June ist, was a spiritual feast. Never has there been exhibited more of the Spirit of the Lord than at the series of meetings just concluded; and no one can truly say that the time spent in coming together has been lost.

Throughout the whole programme of exercises the spirit of progress was exhibited, and the efforts of the young brethren who supplied the lectures wer^ earnest and strong, and were much enjoyed.

The words of the General Superintendent and his Assistants made a deep impression upon the congregations.

President WoodrufT, though quite unwell, could not rest without being present to give encouragement to the youth of Zion, in whom he showed great interest.

The lecture by Brother Thatcher was powerful and eloquent, and found an echo in every heart, while the letter from Brother

Joseph F.

Smith was full of love and charity, wise advice, kind encouragement, and breathed a sweet hope to all the Saints.

More than all this, their words bore the impress of the inspiration of the

Almighty, and satisfied the people that the brethren of the superintendency fully realize the great responsibility placed upon them.

The calling of twenty-nine young men as missionaries was an important incident and met the approval of the people.

It only remains for them to begin their work and great results will surely follow.

When this labor begins every member of the Associations, and especially the officers, should aid the brethren in their arduous labors, by conveying them to and from meetings, by invitmg them to their homes, being hospitable in every way, and making their missions as pleasant as possible.

The statistical report shows an increase in the membership over last year, which, in view of the interruptions during the winter, caused by political and other meetings, is flattering indeed.

Libraries are increasing in numbers and value; the number of young men not enrolled is growing less; the progressive programmes are more faithfully adhered to; the Y. M.

M.

I. A. books are being read and becoming popular, and altogether the showing is encouraging.

The excellence of the musical exercises during the meetings was noticeable, and the culmination in the great musical contest of Monday night, was an appropriate ending to one of the most enjoyable conferences of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations yet held.

"Pericles and the Golden Age of Athens,"a late work from the house of G.

P. Putnam's Sons is a valuable addition to our literature.

The work belongs to "Heroes of the Nations"series, and is a sketch by Evelyn Abbott, Editor of the series.

It is fascinating in interest and elegant in diction, chaining the attention to the end, and showing the author to be complete master of his subject.

The house of G. P. Putnam's Sons has just issued a popular edition of "AmeriLiterature, 1607-1885,"by Charles F.

Richardson.

It traces the development of American thought during the time named, and closes with an article on American Poetry and Fiction.

Brother Edmund Richardson has just published a little book containing his poetical writings.

The volume, which particularly appeals to the Latter-day Saints, is dedicated to the "honest in heart,"and is the author's way of conveying "some principles of morality in an attractive form."Leo Haefeli, the author of two volumes of "As You Like it,"is preparing a third volume, the principal feature of which will be a study on "Nihilism."Other articles, both in prose and poetry, will form a publication which cannot fail to be interestmg and instructive.

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM

C.

STAINES.

As soon as the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum were entombed the question arose, "What will the Latter-day Saints do without their Prophet?"Our enemies had concluded that without the Prophet Joseph Smith the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints could not exist; but in this they and the world were mistaken, for as I have before stated, for months previous to his death, the Prophet had been engaged with the

Twelve instructing tliem in all things pertaining to the building up of the kingdom of God; and all had been done that could have been done, had he known of his appro'aching death.

The con sequence was, as soon as President Young and the brethren connected with him in the Quorum of the Twelve.retumed from the States, where they had been on missions, a conference was called.

Thousands of the Saints were in attendance.

Brother Sidney Rigdon had previously been holding a few meetings privately, with a few of his brethren and friends, advocating his right to the presidency of the Church.

President Brigham Young was at this time President of the Twelve

Apostles, and called upon Brother Rigdon to speak, which he did for three hours, saying a great deal about his authority, and having been counselor to the Prophet.

After this President Young stated he had listened to all that had been said by the speaker.

He was very sorry that anything should have been said or thought of about who should be the leader or guardian of the Church in the future.

For his part, and he felt as did his brethren the Twelve, he thought they should mourn a while for the departed Prophet, and his brother, Hyrum, and humble themselves before the Lord.

But as the subject had been broached and the people would be anxious to know something about those who would lead, he said in a loud voice:

"I will tell you who your leaders or guardians will be—The Twelve!

I at their head!"This was with a voice like the voice of the Prophet

Joseph.

I thought it was his, and so did the thousands who heard it.

This was very satisfactory to the people, and a vote was taken to sustain the Twelve in their office, which, witii a few dissenting voices, was passed.

The consequence was that the organization of the Church continued under their direction.

The Temple was to be finished as soon as possible, that the people might receive their endowments.

This was quite a surprise to the outside people, who thought that Mormonism would soon die after the death of its Prophet.

Others were surprised we did not take the law in our own hands and kill or destroy, by way of revenge.

But we left this in the Lord's hands, wiiile we were contented to obey counsel.

For a while everything seemed to move along quietly; our enemies had little to say about us, and the Saints were busy cultivatmg their farms, making new ones, building houses, and working upon the Temple, the walls of which were rising rapidly.

Everything indicated we would have a peaceful time, but all who relied much upon this soon realized their mistake, for again the papers commenced to publish all manner of lies about what our leaders were doing;

finding fault with us for all voting for one man, or set of men at our elections, and a great many ridiculous things that were false.

Mobs again commenced to rob and plunder our outer settlements.

During the fall of the Twelve concluded to sell out their possessions, and go somewhere where we might dwell in peace and out of the reach of mobs.

A conference was held on the sixth of October, in the Temple, and these things presented to the people.

President Young said it was impossible for the Latter-day Saints to get justice done them in any of the courts of this State, for their losses; that "in consulting with the authorities and officers of the State, they promise they will assist us to sell out our property if we will leave the country.

We shall take a vote to know your minds upon this subject.

I will give you mine.

It is to leave.

And I will promise this people, that if they will leave in the spring and take our counsel, we will take you to a country where you will be better ofl"in five years

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM

C. STAINES.

than you are to-day.

I promise you this in the name of Israel's God."The people believed it.

The vote was called for, and every man, woman and child voted to leave.

This was a great manifestation of the faith the people had in their leaders.

"Surely,"I thought, "this is a strange people, many of whom have been driven from their homes time and time again, and have but just got comfortably situated, with hundreds of others, who have built cities and towns, opened up farms which are in a high state of cultivation, and all willing to leave them and go they know not where, only as their leader said, 'to a country where they will be better off.'"I could not help but think of the people's position, and our leader's promise.

Many hundreds were in good houses, with large farms; these they were about to leave, with a promise to be better off in five years.

It needed something more, my dear readers, than the "say so"of a natural man to get us to believe it, for at the least calculation we would be one year in reaching the place.

We had more than man's word, for with that saying came the spirit of phophecy that bore testimony to our spirits that it was God's truth.

And so we proved it to be, for we were better off in five years than when we left.

Companies were immediately organized to build wagons, cut timber.etc.

The Temple was so nearly finished that the Saints commenced, in the winter, to receive endowments.

I worked in it myself for several weeks, and on January 12th, 1846, I received my endowments.

During the wint&r the Saints in the settlements, a few miles from the city, were visited by mobs, robbed of their cattle, and their houses oftentimes burned.

This continued most of the time until the people commenced to leave.

The authorities of the State had promised to protect the Saints, and do all in their power to procure them customers for their property;

but instead of doing this, it seemed that they were aidftig our enemies in mobbing us and destroying our property.

Notwithstanding all this persecution the Saints continued to prepare for the move.

On the fourth of February the first company left the city for the journey west.

I belonged to Captain Charles Shumways'company ot fifty.

Companies were organized in hundreds, fifties, and tens; and we had captains of hundreds, captains of fifties, and captains of tens.

The captain over the hundred had charge of the hundred;

the captain of fifty had charge of the fifty;

and the captain of ten, of the ten.

This gave us eight captains over each one hundred teams, wagons, and men with their families, all of whom were subject to the captain of the hundred, and he subject to the one who had charge of the whole camp.

I have not forgotten my feelings, when crossing the Mississippi River on a raft with four wagons and several families, on seeing men, women, and children forsake the homes they had reared, through streams of persecution, and leave the bones of their martyred prophet and patriarch to be trampled upon by their murderers; and all this on account of their faith—a faith that all the

Saints of God had ever believed in, from

Adam to Jesus Christ.

We camped on the banks of the river that night; about one hundred wagons and three hundred souls.

The next morning we moved on a few miles and camped on Sugar Creek, where we found good water, and plenty of timber to break off the cold winds. The weather at this time was very mild and pleasant, and we all hoped to have an early spring.

It was requested that none should leave the city without having one year's provisions with them.

We remained at this place three weeks, and during this time we had very cold weather, so much so, that a few days after we crossed the river it froze over, and most of the companies, wagons and families, crossed on the ice.

Fancy, my readers, if you can, our position.

But a few days before we were in comfortable houses, with plenty of fuel and food; now in a forest, without homes, with nothing but tents and wagon covers to protect us from the storms.

Our cattle and horses were chained to wagens and trees, without any shelter but the trees. They had been in comfortable sheds and in good stables,

AN ENGINEER'S TRIBULATIONS.

with plenty to eat, and they could be heard bellowing and neighing, asking to be removed to better ciuarters.

I can assure you if you could have seen us getting up out of our tents or wagons in the morning, you would have pitied us.

Instead of slipping into a warm, carpeted room, with a fire, we stepped into a foot or eighteen inches of snow, with everything around us frozen, and no fire.

After sweeping a place and making a fire, our sisters would commence to prepare our meal.

Bulftf you had visited us, you would have found us doing all this without a murmur.

The Lord was with us, and His Spirit was upon us, and instead of crying or mourning for what we had left, we felt to rejoice that we were permitted to leave our city, our temple, and our dead in peace.

Let thy vices die before thee.

AN ENGINEER'S TRIBULATIONS.

It may interest some of the many readers of The Contributor to know something of a surveyor's life, and the many tribulations they may expect to meet in adopting the profession of a surveyor or a civil engineer.

In this connection I do not refer to city surveyors or engineers.

Their work, so to speak, is gilt-edged.

Right at home, their work does not compel them to face the furious snowstorm, the drenching rain, th2 camping in the snow or in the mud, which is worse, nor to suffer the intense thirst often encountered in his desert work.

He does not toil painfully and slowly up the precipitous mountain side for a mile at a tim:^, at the constant risk of his life, perhaps, and then find, on reaching what he fondly supposed to be the summit of the mountain, that he was mistaken—that a higher ridge is still in advance, with a steep, rocky caiion before him, apparently a mile deep, which he must at once descend, and then climb again, and after hours of toil and danger find himself but very little advanced upon his line of survey.

Any surveyor of e.x- perience will at once recognize the picture, and recall the unspeakable dismay it then caused him. The city engineer may at almost any hour get a drink of cold water, something to eat, 01 shelter from a storm, and, at night,rest in his own comfortable home.

I give a few bits of my own e.xperiences as an engineer, not to make one suppose mine to have been exceptionally hard, but that new beginners in the profession may know what they too may possibly meet.

The surveyor goes on in advance of civilization.

He traverses the wilderness and the deserts, as the foremost drop of spray of the advancing tide, as it encroaches upon the shore.

And so his work, of necessity, carries him away from the comforts of home.

No one can better appreciate the delights of home, wife, and friends than the surveyor, just returned from a three months'absence in the wilderness. Many a time has the writer and his party returned from such an expedition—not "fat, rugged, and saucy,"but just the opposite—a miniature copy of Falstaff's regiment of ragamuffins.

All ragged;

some with shoes (or their small remnant) fastened together with bits of wire; others with no shoes at all, their wounded feet protected by pieces of cloth cut from their clothing, and bound upon their feet by strings or thongs of raw hide.

And as he nears his home each man emphatically declares he will never—no, never be such a fool again, nor take another such a jaunt.

"No, sir,"say all, "you bet I don't go out again—not if I know myself"But it seems we do7i^t know ourselves, for in a month or two you may see that same set of boys start out again on just such another expedition of hardship and danger as that which they lately vowed never to repeat.

There is a species of fascination in such a life, and so long as men have something to eat and shoes to their feet, they can stand almost anything.

But sometimes

3i8 AN ENGINEER'S TRIBULATIONS.

provisions become scarce.

On one occasion I was makinja; a Uniffed States land survey in the heart of the Wasatch range, and our meat gave out and nearly everything else.

One day one of the boys killed a porcupine, and being very hungry we determined to eat it.

So it was cooked, and each man valiantly helped himself, saying, as he did so, "its first class, just as good as any meat I ever ate."But I noticed that a very small piece was sufficient for each one, and that what usually would be but a day's supply seemed good for a week at least, until finally we threw it away.

In truth, the meat seemed as good as any other, but imagination, no doubt, made all the difference.

At length we found a man with a flock of several thousand sheep.

He had a light covered wagon to live in, and had as companions five shepherd dogs.

He remained a few days in a place, until grass became scarce, then moved a few miles, living from spring until the next winter all alone.

"Don't you get lonesome,"said I.

"Oh, no,"answered he, apparently surprised at my question, "there's the dogs!

They're good company."Seeing a look of surprise, he continued, "Why, the dogs are good company.

They can't talk, but they understand every word I say, and I understand them.

I'll show you,"said he.

The sheep were about a quarter of a mile away, scattered and grazing.

Said he, in an ordinary tone of voice, and not speaking to any particular one, "John, I guess you'd better roundup the sheep."

Instantly one of the dogs—John, I presume—darted away and began to run round and round outside of the flock, gradually bringing them together, the other dogs apparently unconcerned and asleep.

"Nero, I guess you'd better help John,"said the man in the same even tone, and away Nero went to help the other dog.

"Charlie, you'd better go too,"and away went Charlie; and so in succession went Jack and Rouser.

All five ran round and round the flock, uttering not a bark nor a yelp—the sheep huddling closer until they became a solid mass.

"That'll do.

Watch 'em,"said the herdsman.

Instantly each dog stopped, and sat facing the herd at equal distances apart, and the man walked into the herd, selected a Tat wether to kill, and then said, "All right, let them go,"and every dog went to the wagon and laid down to sleep.

"Why,"says the man, "any one of those dogs is worth more than two men to me.

I can trust them better than I can any man.

I must go and feed them.

They know when they're well treated as well as anybody else."This lonely man, ignorant in many respects, knew the secret of power and influences, and I instinctively bowed in respect and admiration.

And so we got our meat.

But not always were we so fortunate.

While with Thos. B. Morris'party. Union

Pacific engineers, locating the line of railroad about two hundred miles west of

Ogden, we got out of provisions—had nothing left but a little corn meal and some vinegar—not a morsel besides.

Our supply teams had got delayed, and we were, as the boys put it "out of grub."So we laid by one day, and every man except one or two, went out to kill a few rabbits or birds.

Fifteen men started out, armed mostly with pistols, and after traveling about twentyfive or thirty miles each, in as many directions, returned at night to camp one by one, tired, hungry, thristy—and empty handed.

Not a man had seen a rabbit or bird, but each fondly hoped the others had.

When I, too, returned last of all unsuccessful, faces looked woe-begone indeed.

The cook mixed some corn meal and water, without salt even, and cooked it, but we could hardly eat it.

That night the men—-fifteen of them were mutinous; they "would'nt stand it!"

They'd have it out of Morris'hide!"&c. &c.

Mr. Morris took me to one side, saying "I wish you'd take this party and run it.

I can't do it.""Why no,"said I, "I could'nt do it.

The men would'ntmind me"""Oh yes they would,"said he, "they'd do any thing you say."So I talked around with the men—mostly from the far east, and tough cases—and gradually they calmed down.

For a while it looked serious.

Next day our supplies

AN ENGINEER'S TRIBULATIONS.

came, and with full stomachs peace again reigned.

I think it is Mrs.. Cady Stanton who says to her sisters that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach A base slander upon the men—but I fear it is very near the truth.

While assisting in the Union Pacific railroad survey dovvn the Weber Canon we had a very hard time.

The river had overflowed the bottoms on each side from one to five feet deep, and to make it worse our survey line ran through a dense growth of tall willows which shut out everybreathofair,makmg it sweltering hot.

A pathway about four feet wide was cut through the willows, and stakes.numbered and driven one hundred feet apart, marked the line of survey.

Sometimes the head chainman, wading in water perhaps a foot deep, would suddenly disappear from sight for a few minutes, but his spluttering "remarks"would soon make known his locality as he arose from the bottom of some gulch into which he had stepped, its depth hidden by the muddiness of the water.

Our natural desire to laugh at his misfortune was checked *by the thought that we, too, must follow where he had led, and get a a similiar ducking For weeks we toiled on, through water, brush and rocks.

One day our line ran along the precipitous face of a rock about eighty feet above the roadway beneath it;

but a narrow ledge a foot wide, and extending some two hundred feet to a big cliff, seemed to offer a sufficient pathway to our fearless chainmen, and they determined to try the dangerous route.

They climbed to the ledge, and slowly proceeded along it, stepping sideways step by step, we, who were below, looking on with some anxiety, when the leader, James Larkins, was seen to convulsively clutch the rocks as he shouted out, "I'm going to fall

Calling out to him to "stand still and not to look down,"and that I would go above and help him, I seized a long flagpole and climbed to the top of the rock above him.

But how to help him, was not so clear.

The rock, where I stood, was level, but sloped thence very steeply o the brink, where Larkin's head was barely visible.

It was so steep and smooth I was afraid to venture down its slope, but was obliged to, in order to get near enougii for him to get hold of the pole.

Luckily a small bush, a half an inch in diameter, grew in a crack a little way down.

I crawled carefully a little way below it, grasped it with my left hand while with my right I extended to him the pole, and in this spread-eagle style awaited with some trepidation the moment when he would try to pull himself up by its aid over the brow of the cliff.

*But would the bush retain its hold to the rock with a man's weight, struggling convulsively against it?

And if \\. should remain firm, could I retain my hold, both to the bush and the pole Before I could think much about it, Larkins had seized the pole, and was desperately struggling upward, bracing his knees against the rock and thus much increasing the strain upon me.

It was a fearful moment. Once I felt the bush loosen a little, as I thought, and my heart flew into my throat with the awful feeling that I was about to be dragged over the cliflf to the rocks beneath—eighty or ninety feet But the bush held, and in a moment Larkins was up and crawling rapidly to the level top on hands and knees.

We reached the flat, and then both fell, weak and limp upon our faces, and there lay fifteen or twenty minutes before either one dared or had strength to move, completely unnerved and bereft of courage.

Finally descending, we found the other chainmen safe at the bottom of the rock.

But for all such work in future, Larkins, hitherto a man without fear in such places, was utterly ruined.

He said he would'nt climb any more rocks like that for the whole Union Pacific; and I, for one, did'nt blame him.

The horrible sensation experienced when the bush seemed about to give way, cannot be described.

The only way to approximate to it is to get a fit of nightmare and imagine yourself about to fall a thousand feet.

At times the swollen river had to be crossed, and this is how it was done:

An expert swimmer started across with strong twine in his teeth, which was

AN ENGINEER'S TRIBULATIONS.

tied at the other end to a clothes line, and that fastened in turn to a strong rope.

Reaching the bank, by his twine he first drew over the line, and by its aid pulled the rope across.

This was fastened to trees on each side, and served as a ferry cable.

A little skiff was attached to it by a short chain and pulley, which held the boat against the swift current.

But in these endeavors the men several times narrowly escaped drowning.

Sometimes a man, after being carried down stream half a mile, would be glad On the western and northern sides of the lake it is very difficult to tell where the lake ends and the shore begins, on account of its exceedmg flatness.

For miles at a stretch along the shore, a rise of one foot in the waters of the lake would submerge the land westward for from six to ten miles, increasing by many square miles the area of the lake, and also its proportional evaporation.

So it may easily be seen that when the streams are full by reason of rains or melting snows, their surplus waters spread over a to get out again on the side he had en-^vast additional area until a point is tered, and then make his way back to reached where evaporation equals the inhis clothing, naked, scratched and bleedflow and t'ie waters spread no farther, ing by the thorns and brush he must of And then, the unusual inflow having necessity creep through.

ceased, evaporation soon reduces the In fording the river where it was only waters to their normal level.

three feet deep, in one place, the current was so swift no man could keep his feet in it without help; but with a man upon his shoulders to hold him to the bottom he could do it.

But the less one has to do with such a raging torrent the greater his prudence and wisdom.

Westward of the Promontory range the party suffered much from thrist, and from inflamation of the eyes and partial blindness, caused by the intense glare of the sun upon the salt-incrusted plains.

The only remedy to hand was to wear a handkerchief over the face all day.

Nearly all the streams running into the northwestern part of the lake are strongly saline, and this helps to account for the exceeding saltness of the lake.

All river water contains more or less salt, and if they flow into a lake without an outlet, constant evaparation, in course of time, removes the water and leaves all the salt.

And when in addition, the inflowing streams are salty the salinity of the lake is proportionately increased.

It has been supposed by some that the lake has an outlet which disposes of the inflow from so many streams and rivers.

But a moment's reflection will enable any thinking person to see that the waters To illustrate the enormous effect of evaporation, I will say that some few years ago the government entertained the idea of turning the Colorado River into the great California desert westward of Yuma, where a tract of many thousand square miles lies hundreds of feet below the level of the sea, and by thus making a large lake it was expected to modify the climate of that torrid region.

After two years of very careful research and experiment, the engineers reported the scheme not feasible, because the river water would evaporate as fast as it entered the desert, and thus no lake could be formd at all.

When we remember that the Colorado River contains much more water than all the rivers in Utah put together, we can understand better the capacity which a dry atmosphere has, to absorb moisture.

And this is how the calculations were made:—The velocity of the river in feet per second, multiplied by the area in square feet of a cross section of the river, gives the number of cubic feet of water per second supplied by the river.

Broad flat troughs, of one hundred square feet area, were filled with water, and the time occupied in its evaporation showed the in such case, would be fresh instead of amount of water evaporated in a given salty, as it must be if the water flowed time per square foot.

A survey of the away as fast as it flowed in—like any intended lake's boundaries, gave its area, other great river or moving body of and thus it was easy to make the estimates water.

required.

J. H. Martineau.

D!!PRICE'S Baking Powdec Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit.

Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

Be Provided With A bottle of Ayer's Clien y ri'ctoial, and so liave tlie means at hand of contending successfully with sudden attaclcs of tlnoat and lung troubles.

As an emergency medicine, for the family, Ayer's Cherry Pectoral has iiS equal, its prompt use having frequently cured croup, whooping cough, and bronchitis, and saved many lives.

Leading physicians everywhere give it the preference over any other preparation of the kind.

"I find no«uch medicine for croup and wlioopIng couRh as Ayer's Cherry Tectoral.

It was the means of saving the life of my little boy, only six months old, carrying him thronsh the worst oase of whooping cough I ever saw."—J. Maloue,

I'iney Flats, Tenn.

"I am never without Ayer's Cherry Pectoral

In the house.

For croup, it is the best remedy."- Mrs. J. M. Bohn, lied Bluff, Cal.

"After an extensive practice of nearly onethird of a century, Ayer's Cherry Pectoral is my cure for recent colds and coughs.

I prescribe it. and believe it to be the very best expectorant now offered to the people."—Dr. John C. Levis,

Druggist. West Bridgewater, Pa.

To a lady whose daughter had been treated for chronic bronchitis without relief, we recommended Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.

The lady says that this preparation is doing more good than any other medicine, and that her daughter now sleeps well and is improving rapidly."—J.

R.

Kelch & Co., Druggists, Tarltou, Ohio.

"Ayer's Cherry Pectoral saved my life.

It cured me of acute bronchitis."—Geo. B. Hunter,

Digby, N. S.

"Asa specific for croup, and for the cure. of colds or coughs, there is no preparation equal to Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.

It is pleasant, safe, and sure."—S. H. Latimer, M.

D., Jit. Vernon, Georgia.

"I have found Ayer's Cherry Pectoral a most valuable remedy for bronchitis, and disease of the lungs, from which I suffered greatly.

The cure which this medicina effected in my case was most wonderful.

I am also satisfied that it saved the lives of my children, who were sick with lung fever."—S. L. True. Palisade. Nehr.

"I have used Ayer's remedies in my practice, and am glad to say that I have found them very beneficial.

In acute bronchitis. Ayer's Cherry

Pectoral is particularly valuable.

It is considered by my people as a remedy which no household should be without."—Dr. V. Lamberti, 257 Gratiot St., Detroit, Michigan.

Ayer's Cherry Pectoral, Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co.. LoweU, Mass.

Sold by aU Druggists.

Price $1.

Six bottles $5.

AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER

TO ^VOE>Iva^».

We want Live, Energetic and Capable Agents in every county in the United States and Canada, to sell a patented article of great merit, on its merits.

An article having a large sale, paying over looper cent, profit, having no competition, and on which the agent is protected in the exclvisive sale by a deed given for each and every county he may secure from us.

With all these advantages to our agpnts, and the fact that it is an article that can be sold to every house-owner, it might not be necessary to make an "Extraordinary

Offer"'to secure good agents at once, but we have concluded to make it to show, not only our confidence in the merits of our invention, but its salability by any agent that will handle it with energy.

Our agents now at work are making from ^^150 to ^600 a month clear, and this fact makes it safe for us to make our offer to all who are out of employment.

Any agent that will give our business a 30 days'trial, and fail to clear at least gioo in this time, above all expenses, can return all goods unsold to us, and we will refund the money paid for them.

Any Agent or General Agent who would like ten or more counties, and work them through sub-agents for go days, and fail to clear $750 above all expenses, can return all unsold and get their money back.

No other employer of agents ever dared to make such offers, nor would we if we did not know that we have agents now making more than double the amounts we guaranteed, and that but two sales a day would give a profit of over $125 a month, and that one of our agents took 22 oiders in one day.

Our large descriptive circulars explain our offer fully and these we wish to send to everyone out of employment who will send us 3 one cent stamps for postage.

Send at once and secure the agency in time for the boom, and go to work on the terms named in our extraordinary offer.

We would like to have the address of all the agents, sewing machine solicitors and carpenters in the country, and ask any reader of this paper who reads this offer, to send us at once the name and address of all such they know.

Address at once RENNER MANUFACTURING CO., 510 Smithfield St., Pittsburgh, Pa.

Geo. a. IvOwk, DCALCR IN ALL KINDS OP FIRST'CLASS /^(^rieultdral Impleme9t5, Combining Latest Improvements with Lowest Possible JMeet.

SCHUTTLER FARM I FREIGHT WAGONS,

BUGGIES, ROAD CARTS, SPRING WAGONS, iBtaLolszey© ^dCo^'vers, KJe^jjer® etrxCL

JS±Ti.<3.e:arm9 CROWN MOWERS, DAISY SULKY RAKES.

BRADLEY and SOLID COMFORT SULKY and GANG PLOWS,

SUPERIOR PRESS GRAIN DRILLS, (latest and best).

Planet JTunior Cultivators & Garden Tools,

ASPINWALL POTATOE PLANTER, Ames steam Engines.

Lane Saw & Shingle Mills LEFFEL TURBINE WHEELS.

Write for Catalogue.

Enquiries Answered Promptly,

^.

^. ^offip )1ardu/are Qo, »DBALBI^S im Nails, Iron, | Cordage, Pipe, Steel, Stoves, Brass and Iron, Granite Ware, I Pipe Fittings, Cutlery, I Rubber Hose, Builders'Hardware, Belting, Packing, Edge Tools.

Progress Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Finest and Largrest Variety of l^edding (jards (^ #^ Par^ Tickets Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

/T^erel^apt priptir^i^ ^ompapy, JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

M»n.g.r.

Nearig opp. So. Ttmple Qatts SALT LAELE CIT1 * j-^r^^r»IO:iVE>E^ie.;;^^_s PATENT ROLLER MILL CO, MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St.

SwA.LT L^iCE OITY, TJ'X'^ii

^ITER B^OS. D^UG GOn]PAI]l], WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGS, i^a^VARNISHES.

PAINTS, yj^J PUTTV, OILS, ^^^'BRUSHES.

4®"0rlers given prompt iitiention iuid careful pricing.

IiOGflN, UTAH.

FH^NKLilN, IDAHO.

WATCHES, DIAMONDS, [> Jeuaelpy, Silvercjaare, Spectacles, Hte.

^0( piirpitdjr^, U/all paper, taG<^ Qartaips, U/ii^doiu 5f?a<ie5, Ete.

[^ardy, Ybui^i^ 9 <5o.

.•.FlRST.-.<3C^SS.-.

pa^ily (iroeeries, Dry (Joods, Boots apd 5f?o^5- 5ou;i) ai)d <Soui)try Jrad^ 5o''sit6d.

J1AI^DV,-rOiJf(Q-&-(;0., 28-30 /r\aiQ St., 0pp. Z. ^.

/T\.

1.. Salt laHe Qity, 0.

)H. )1/iRDY, n^apa^er.

THE DESERET SAVINGS

BANK.

^WHE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called to the Deseret Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

JoHv Sharp, Moses Thatcher, S. A. Bhtth, President.

Vice-President.

Oashier.

DIRECTORS.

JoH« Sharp, H. Dinwoodet, J. R. Barnes, Euab A. Smith, P. W.

JENimros, Jaiob Sharp, L.

S. Hilu, D. H. Peery, W. W. Riter, Georgk RoiorKT.

M08EBTHATaHBR,J.

0. CUTLER. J. T. LTITLX.

wH'fc^C?''"?olHAt^D ^ MAeHl^JE 26 BItaas, 28 Eites, 30!l.nkaU2

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

U Tr4H LMCKES V ACTORY, 'Manafacturera of the Celebrate ***>»*»#«%*»» ^n<«»<w>i<»w **<'*><»^>^^»

SUw/t cSt^und of cFine ^acfuM,

SALT IvAKK CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the Territory.

SST'Jk.BXiZSIBISJZd!••.

INSURANCE COMPANY.

FIRE ASSETS, PREMIUMS RECEIVED 1889, LOSSES PAID 1889, H.

J. GRANT CO., SALT LAKE CITY.

$19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 CROOKE S WARREN, RssiDXifT Managers, CHICAGO, ILLS.

U/m. Driver 9 S017, o^^g'?;

^^^i?- Wholesale and^ Retail.

The Mo^t ^eliablB Drag jlou^e in the We^t IS THE FIRM OF OODEN, XJXAM.

MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT) ATTENTION.

G^TJION LIlv^E For QUEENST01^^]S^aIld LIATEHFOOL,

From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kiner St., Ne^ York, every Saturday.

UL\.K\iK 3.350 TONS \NXO\J\\HGi 3.1\& \ous.

NVIVSVvfv, fe.bOO Tons.

P^RMOUN. b bOO To\= \N\SOOUS\U 3-120 "^oi^s.

^^"These Steamers are built of Irou, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with] every requisiie to make the passnge across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room, 1

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

Tbe State-rooms are all on Deck, tlins Insorlng those yreateat of | »U liDxnrles at siea, perfect TentUatlon and Ugixt.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadway, New York,

A. M. UNDERHILL & COA

r55 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE., OGDEN, UTAH.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GUNS.

'^"^'^^'^'BaKER Gl)K BICYCLES, FISHING TACKLE, LAWN TENNIS, BASE BALL AND CRICKET GOODS.

TENTS.

HAMMOCKS.

WAGON COVERS, FIELD GLASSES, BOOTS, SHOES. Etc. Etc.

• Wheels etc.eic.

Acents for the "American Rnmbler,"the highcKt Rriide Su(ety

Hjpycle mado;

"liclip-e Du Pom's SnortinK and Bla>.ling i'ovvder; Safety Nitro and Atlas I'owder Giant Cups, Fuse,

We sell a 24-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch, S35.00; and 30inch for 545.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail fiee to any address.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Nicholas for Young

Folks issued by the same house, "are read bv every one person in thirty of tlie country's populatiop."'One great feature of The Century for is to be "THE GOLDHUNTERS OF CALIFORNIA."describing that remarkable movement to the gold fields in '49, in a series of richly illustrated articles written by survivors.

The November CeN'I'URY begins the volume, and new subscribers should commence with that issue.

The subscription price ($4.00) may he remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

The year 1891 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St, Nicholas."J. T. Trowbridge, Noah Brooks, Charles Dudley Warner, and many well-known writers are to contribute during this coming year.

One cannot put the spirit of ST.

Nicholas into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1891 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

THE pW EllGLAflD IWflGflZIIiE.

Edward Everett Hale, D. D.,\p..

John Myron Potter, Edwin D. Mead, i Manager.

An illustrated monthly Magazine, a current record of New England IKe ana thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

$3.00 per year.

Perfect Equipmeni SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CA/^ON MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN 0/ the GODS GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

'fVPtto Brno ''"'i"s.rk-°""^^^ks and y^Ullu DlUO.

«"-'-'^ -- *- stationery.

r^x/ / ibrary and Mormon Books Specmliv.

76 S. Main Street.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

iTHEi -^n!Iiom^oa ^ Taijloi'Spice 00.,-^ SPiS 1 LLiai EKMS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

S^r^'k-rl^a-oSS RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET,—o o IT IS tklil: best.—

TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN The LARGEST SALE of any Tobacco iu tho World.

rOR PLEASURE, <^MFORT,HEALT"SMOKE THI.^MANUFACTURED ONLYLBY W.T.BLttCKltoJi ZB Co.

- BDRHflM^N.C ™PULA?UKCM1SE REIJABLE;

M SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St. Chicago,: coifECTIOIII

@T'?^ Contributor ESTABLISHED 1879.

ISlotJU is the time to Subscribe.

INTERESTING;

BRIGHT, INSTRLK'lIX'1:.

GIVE ORDERS FOR A BOUND VOLUME

XII.

SECURE A SET OK THE M. So Jfln READING COIJRSH.

TIIEY AVILl, SOON HE GfiNi;.

ADDPESS'THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

, A pamphlet of Info'^ntlon and.ii \str;»ct of I he laws, siiowiiiK How L y^Obtiiin Piiteiits, rnveiitH, TradO/d ^Murks, Copyricljts, sent /re ^Address MUNN Si.

CO.^ v3til ItronHway, n^iANClS ARMSTRONG PRES P.W.MADSEN VICEPREST.

I (e.CUMMINGS CASm2.'».

22-24 EAST 1ST SOUTH $T.

Utah.

OENIiRAL BANKINO BUSINKSiS.

plu<^ per ^ept Interest paid 09 5^^'9^s Deposit^.

COMPOUNDED FOUR TIMES A YEAR.

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH.

Tin:

STATE URU OF UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.—

U.

S. Government Food Report.

llEKIiR I. GKWr, I'KKSIDENT.

\VM, H. Pi-iESrON.ViCK President.

IIIiHlCR.VI. WKLI.S, Cashikr.

JliSKPH V WII.I.IAM H. Kowt:.

AKKAHAM H. CANNON SPKNCKR OLAWSON.

KI.IAS MOKKIS.

-piRECTORs:-..::

MITH.

CIIARLKS S. BURTON.

NKPHI W. CLAYTON.

KKANK Y. TAYLOR.

l'HIL(J T. FARNSWORTH.

RICHARD W. YOUNG.

HKNRV A. MOOLLKY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Fxchange on all Principal Points.

Pays 5 per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays c.ireful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Co-^operative jVIereantile Institution, Salt Lake City, Organized Oct., i86S.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

OFFICERS:

/ resident, WiLFORD VVooukuff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. Webuer;

l\-easurer, A. W. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO, and IDAHO FALLS Drug Dept., Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

W. H. ROWE. Assistant Scpt.

Utah Territory.

DIRECTORS:

Geo.

Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo.

ROttiNEY, J. R. Winder, H. DiNWOODEY, P. T. Farnsworth, }.

R. Barnes, W. H. RowE.

MANUFACTURERS, 11^- PORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

T.

G. WEBBKR. Gknkral Sli-t.

HEBER J. GRANT a CO., GENERAL AGENTS.

J. F.GRANT, Manaskr.

•0 Main Street, with State Bank.