January ^I^J3I^NriV"V rrjV9 E.

H. ANDERSON.

Gobbler's ]Ve^w Year, leo haefeu.

mmimm%sm&%@^s^$®®®®^^i® a,QX I 1 1 * 1-^ THE I i i I I 1$ IP II Si) I ONTRIBUTOft AA\ONTHLYAACAZINE voLxirJANUARYSN03 si H n IS Is is PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR • COSALT • LAKE CITY- UTAH- 5g

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JANUARY, 1891.

PAGE.

Engraving of Apostle Parley P.

Pratt, Frontispiece.

Life and Labors of Orson Pratt, Milando Pratt Leaves from a Note Book.

I.

The Lower Hudson, Alfred Limbi urne.

S'avery—A Testimony for the Truth,

S. M. Sjodalil.

Ancient Engineering F^-ats Pioneer Sketches.

Utah in 1850 James H.

M.irlineau.

Why We Study History, Hv.s'aspes.

The Famous Bug Family, J. E. Talmage.

The Cobbler's New Year,..

Leo Haefeli.

Cross People Scandinavia.

I., Edwaid H. Anderson.

Tne Mistletoe A Vision of Heaven, Scottish American.

Boyhood's Days Santiago.

The Life of Love H. W.

Naisbitt.

The Gift We Prize Chas. W. Stayner.

Editorial:

The Indian Massiah Avenged, Ken Denys.

Association Intelligence.

Association Singing,,.. George E. Hyde.

Music:

The Power of Sjng..

Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst. Cashier.

Zioi/s Sauii^s Bai?^.A.I-TID ^^TRUS'T COMPAiyv,- 1 & 3 &a$t ^cniptz St., Sa£t i£a&e Qitu.

ESTABLISHED 1873.

DIRECTORS.

Wilford Woodruff, Prett., George Q. Cannon, Vice-PresL,.Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon,*".Tames Jack, Le Grande Young, George Reynolds, T. G. WeHl»»r, Cashier, H. B. Clawswn.

INCORPORATED I883.

DOES A General Banking Business.

Pays & Per Cent Interest on Savings Deposits.

-^s Money to Iioan, l ec™ZT at horn fates of Interest

ORGANIZED OCTOBER

16th, 1868.

President, WILFORD WOODRUFF, Secretary, T. G. WEBBER, Vice-President, MOSES THATCHER,

Treasurer, A. W. CARLSON.

-DIRECTORSGeo. Q. Cannon, John Sharp, Henry Dinwoodey, William H. Rowe, Jos. F. Smith, George Romney, P. T. Farnsworth, Thos. W. Jennings.

Heber J. Grant, John R. Winder, John R, Barnes, Manufacturers, Importers, and Wholesale and.

Retail Dealers in Salt Lake City, Utah.

branch: houses at OGDEN, Weber County, Utah.

LOGAN, Cache County, Utah.

PROVO, Utah County, Utah.

EAGLE ROCK, Idaho.

Cooperative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our Choice and Carefully Bought Stock of

STAPLE and FANCY GROCERIES, DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS.

Crockery and Glassware, Clothing- and Furnishing Goods.

Tinware and.Stamped Ware, Hats and Caps, Carpels and house Furnishings,

Paper Hangings, Heavy and Shelf Hardware, Boots ana Shoes, Stoves, Grates and Ranges, Rubber Goods, Tools and implements, Leather and Findings, Stationery and. Blank Books, Pure Dtugs and Medicines, School Books, Wines and Liquors, Etc.

WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF HOME-MADE

Boots and Shoes, Cassimeres, Suitings, Linseys, Flannels, Jeans,

Blankets, Shawls, Duck Suits, Overcoats & Overalls.

8@* Orders by Mail will receive Prompt and Careful Attention.

T. O. WEBBER, Supt.

«MN£fi WKOS.

(Celebrated <3orsets.

HE merit and popularity & of these Corsets is at9i tested by the (act that fi"over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations ot Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation.

They can always be recognized, for they have "Dr.

Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

itSSSSSSlBBSj CT»???3?3?3?3?» •^WARNER * BROS.;

^ow"York: and Cliioago, ffig«««o?>???»»»»?»??;»?;««« For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden z.

c. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets.

BElilS OPHfl BAG GO.

Burlap Injporb^rs^ <^Ba<£ Manufacturers, 614, 616, 618 SOUTH 11IH STREET,

OMAHA, NE B.

Best Goods. Prompt Attention. Lowest Prices.

S, P.TEASDEL P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and AH Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies.

.__._ _._ _.__. __._, EJAST TEMPLE ®T. M In Relation to iiiiniiiniiiiiiuimiiiiiiumuiiiiiiuBoots 9 Sl?oes, -The people of Utah are sensibly united in preferring those made at ^.••(J.-J-EQ.-J-I.-* Factoid—<ISALT - LAKE - C1TY.0—

TajIoP, tynnnejjj ^Mgtfong Go.

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

Rustic, piar^,Joi$ts, Rafters, S^ip^Ies, /T\ouldii><§s.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

Soutb Temple (St., Salt Lake City.

Between Utah and the Missouri River Take the Fast Train, "THE - OVERLAND - FLYER."SAVE ONE DAY CROSSINC THE CONTINENT.

TOURISTS 'ii'iy properly appreciate the grandeur of the scenery and the magnificence extent and resources of the Unted States only when they have compassed journeys to leading eities in Colorado, Utah, Idaho, Nevada, California, Oregon, and Alaska, and mining camps, cities, and health resorts of the Rocky

Mountains, all of which are best reached via the

UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY Tickets on Sale sU all Coupon Ticket Offices in the United States.

C.F.RESSEGUIE, General Manager, nalt i-ake.

J.V.PARKER.

Asst.Ueu.Hass.Agl.

Suit Lake Utah.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

TRICE CANON.

SLACK CAfiON.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GOL 8> GRAND CANON OF THE ARKANSAS.

D.&R.G.

r*\/-\ a T t Pleasant Valley \j\JJU-i I COLORADO ANTHRACITE, nMAfr nan nc«i.x Coke, 10 i I 1, Pig Iron.

A. L. WILLIAMS, A.GENT.

143 S. Main St..

itebfl SALT LAKE CITY.

The moslev Patent Sereui Door BURGLAR PROOF BANK SAFE.

M.I'.('i.'U»'.«'«|M, The only Air Tight Bank Safe.

The only Automatic Bank Safe.

NoHote hrough Door or Bod v.

No Combination Lock or Bolt Spindles.

No Springs i r Weights to operate Bolt Work l^lxe Mosler Bank Safe Oo., Exclusive Manufacturers of flie following Mosler Patents:

SCREW DOOR BURGLAR PROOF BANK SAFES, DOUBLE POWER AUTOMATIC TIME LOCKS,

PATENT SAFE DEPOSIT CONSTRUCTION

Specifications and Estimates furnished on all Kinds of Bank and Vault Work.

Office and Sales Rooms:

~.

.

—.

.

11 n m Works:

86 to 96 Elm Street.

LMCHinCltl, UhlO,U.O.A. Front and Rose Sts.

For Information Regarding either Fire or Burglar Proof Work,

Address J. T. GALVIN, Salt Lake City, Utah.

^ovo,Ut^

CO on o i per a ro J:

cro.

^ardy, You i$ <?o.

.•.FIFJST.'.QC^SS.-.

pa/ryly Qroeeries, Dry Qoods, BOOtS 3T)d 5f?0655ou/i) ai)d Qouptry Jrad^ 5°l'e 't:e<^- \if\^bY,- YOlifid -9-Q0., FIRST sousji 5T-, 5PCT ^KE ^SY, 0.

ft. ^PRDV, Manager.

B. p. & J4.

li. SU1EET, manufacturers of ''Common Sense"Sle'ghs, "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba Sleighs,

Improved Freight Wagons, Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks, Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

<$0-OpEry*Tll/E \JJp,Q0\i /}|YD /TV/^QjHlJNfE <$)., Sole /^nts.

ESTABLISHED 1836.

Ui&flfOOL $ UONPON $ GlOVt INSURANCE COMPANY.

FIRE ASSETS, PREMIUMS RECEIVED 1889, LOSSES PAID 1889, H.

J.

GRANT CO., AGENTS, SALT LAKE CITY.

$19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 CROOKE & WARREN, Resident Managers, CHICAGO, ILLS.

U/m. Driuer 9 Sop, <y*?

: y.

Wholesale and Retail.

The Mogt Reliable Drug floi^e in ie Wegt IS THE FIRM OF ^2\T]Vi:. DRIVER «& JSOIV, MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

Ogden, Utah, aUtON LUNTE For QUBEN8TOWN and LIYEEPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kinsr St., New York, every Tuesday.

UtNIPOOK 3 350 lows.

NNXONWUG 3.1\0 ^ous k\_KS\^N, &.500 lows.

I\R\10UI\. 5-500 lo^s.

'A1\SC0US\U 3 120 ions.

r B^""These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make tbe passage across i he Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

The State-rooms are all on Deck, thus insuring: those greatest of all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30.

STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadway, New YorP

A. M. UNDERBILL & CO

MOSES THATCHER, BARN ARD WHITE, F. R. SNOW, GEO. A.SNOW, J'rest, Vire-I^ct.

Sec.

<k Treat.

Qi-ii. M;/r.

^oi^solidat^d Implement Qo.

Headquarters for Wagons, Buggies & Farm Machinery.

««$100 CASH WILL BUY THIS BUGGY.t>

DIRECTORS.

Moses Thatcher, Barnard White, F. R. Snow, W. W. Burton, M. Snow, W. B. Preston, G. A. Snow.

The following are a Few of the

Principal Goods we Carry:

COOPEJR HV^RM WAGONS, JMOJLVIIVE} I^oxxr^JSj^rixig: Mountain. Wagons, "Porter"Road Carts; McCormick Mowers, Reapers, and Binders;

Scott Full Circle All Steel Hay Presses;

Nichols & Shepard "New Vibrator"Threshing Machinery;

"Jay-Eye-See"Sulky Plows, "Canton Clipper"and J.

I. Case Steel and Chilled Plows,

Harrows and Cultivators; "Planet Jr."Garden Tools; Press and

Grain Drills;

Combined and Independent Seeders, Fanning Mills, Feed Cutters, Etc.

PTWe make a Specialty of BUGGIES and carry the Celebrated U. S. Carriage

Co.'s Fine Buggies (of Columbus, 0.) and D. W. Haydock's of St. Louis.

Send for Special Prices to Consolidated Implement Oo., Houses at Salt Lake Oity, Ogden, Logan and Milford,

Utah.

**v.

Vol.

XII.

JANUARY, 1891.

No.

3.

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

"About the first of January, 1832, I went to Kirtland, attended many meetings, visited disorderly members with Elder Cahoon, called church meetings and excommunicated several.

I then returned to Hiram, united in the ministry with Elder Lyman E.

Johnson, and started for Lorain County, Ohio, where we preached in the regions around until the general conference, held at Amherst,

Lorain County, on the twenty-fifth of January.

At this conference the Prophet

Joseph was acknowledged President ofthe

High Priesthood, and hands were laid on him by Elder Sidney Rigdon, who sealed upon his head the blessings which he had formerly received.

I was appointed to preside over the Elders, and was set apart and ordained by Sidney Rigdon.

At this Conference, by the request of the

Priesthood, the Prophet inquired of the Lord, and a revelation was given and written in the presence of the whole assembly, appointing many of the Elders to missions, among whom, Elder Lyman

E. Johnson and I were named and appointed on a mission to the Eastern States.

The next day after conference we left Amherst, and in a few days found ourselves in Hiram.

"February 2nd, 1832—On this day, by the counsel of the Prophet, I was ordained a High Priest under the hands of Sidney

Rigdon. February 3rd—Elder L. E. Johnson and myself started on our eastern mission, traveling as usual, on foot, without purse or scrip, and carrying our change of clothing in our hands.

We traveled in an easterly direction through

Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York City, to Hurlgate, on Long Island;

preached thirty times in towns and villages on the way, where they previously had never heard the gospel.

In the town ofBlakesley, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, we baptized four, and ordained one of them, namely, Asbury Secor, a priest.

At Hurlgate, near the last of March, I baptized and confirmed my eldest brother, Anson Pratt.

From this place we traveled north, visited Canaan, Columbia County, N.Y., and saw my parents.

We then traveled north-east through the southern part of Vermont into New Hampshire, proceeded up the eastern shore of the Connecticut river to Bath, preaching wherever we were led by the Spirit; while journeying from Long Island to Bath we held five meetings.

"We tarried twenty-six days in the regions round about Bath, held twentyone meetings, and baptized fifteen, among whom were Orson Johnson, Hazen Aldrich,Amasa Lyman, John Duncan and Daniel S. Miles.

"May 14—We traveled north, and came to the town of Charleston in Vermont;

tarried ten days; preached seven times in this region, baptized fourteen, among whom were Winslow Farr, William Snow, and Zerubbabel Snow.

In these parts the Lord wrought by our hands many miracles of healing.

"Oct.

8—Re-crossed the lake into Vermont;

the next day preached in Franklin village; two days more brought us to the town of Jay, where we held three meetings.

"Oct. 15—Started for Bath, called at Charleston and held two meetings.

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

"Oct. 20—Arrived at Bath, stopped five days; held six meetings in the neighboring towns; baptized one, and ordained John

Duncan a Priest; and William Snow from

Charleston being present, we ordained him an Elder.

"Oct.

26—I started in company with Elders L. E. Johnson, Hazen Aldrich and

William Snow and traveled west some three or four hundred miles—a portion of which we rode on a canal boat, where I preached to the passengers.

"Nov. 8—Arrived at Spafford, Onondaga County, New York, at which place there was a branch of the Church; here we tarried six days;

held five meetings, one of which was a conference; eleven

Elders present;

baptized eight, among whom were Allen Holcomb, whom we ordained an Elder, Libbeus T. Coon and Mahew Hilman.

Elder L.

E. Johnson here united in the ministry with Hazen Aldrich and started for Ohio.

I united in the ministry with Elder Wm.

Snow and started eastward, preached in the villages of Vesper, Tully, and Fabius in the latter place tarried six days; baptized two, namely, Samuel and Jemima Newcome.

"Nov.

23—Traveled eleven miles;

preached twice in Casinovia; then traveled six days to the town of Day, Saratoga County, where we tarried seventeen days;

held fifteen meetings.

"Dec.

20—We started for Bolton on the west shore of lake George; here was a branch of the Church; we tarried ten days;

held ten meetings, baptized ten persons.

"Dec. 31—Ordained Silas T. Gardner an Elder, held one meeting in Benson, and then pursued our Journey to Bath about one hundred miles distant.

"January 8, 1833—Arrived in Bath;

I tarried nine days, William Snow having gone to Charleston; held five meetings, then visited the church at Charleston, held one meeting; then returned to Bath and held two meetings.

"Jan. 28—Started for Ohio.

"Feb. 2—Arrived in Bolton; tarried four days, held three meetings; baptized two;

ordained John Taylor a Priest, and then pursued my journey several hundred miles west.

Within about one hundred and fifty miles of Kirtland, I fell in company with D. W.

Patten and Reynolds Cahoon, tarried and held four meetings with them, and then proceeded on my journey to Kirtland, where I arrived Feb.

x 7, 1833, having been absent on this eastern mission one year and fourteen days, during which we traveled on foot nearly four thousand miles; attended two hundred and seven meetings, mostly in places where they had not heard the word; baptized one hundred and four persons and organized several new branches of the Church.

"Feb. 18—Washed my hands and feet as a testimony unto the Lord that I had warned this wicked generation, and that my garments were clean from their blood, and on the same day I was admitted into the school of the prophets.

During my attendance at this school, I boarded with the Prophet Joseph, from whom I received much good instruction.

On the Sabbath days I continued preaching n various places.

"Elder Lyman E. Johnson and myself, having received a commandment, through the Prophet, to visit the churches and preach in the Eastern States, left Kirtland on the 26th of March to fill our mission.

We arrived in Bath, New Hampshire on the 7th of June, having attended forty-four meetings by the way, and baptized thirteen.

"June 8—Met in conference in Bath;

present, High Priests, four;

Elders, eight;

Priests, two.

At this conference, Elders Willard Woodstock, Harlow Richfield, William Snow and Hazen Aldrich were ordained High Priests;

Henry Herriman was ordained an Elder, and Daniel Carter a member, was ordained a Priest, the ordination being administered under my hands.

During the next six days we held meetings in the towns round about.

June 14—Elder Lyman E Johnson went to Charleston, and continued laboring in

St. Johnsbury and the adjoining towns.

"June 18—I baptized six,namely; Gardner Snow,

Willard Snow, Lucina Snow, Jacob Gates, Mary Gates and Emily Harvey;

the last person named having been healed three days before, by the

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

power of God.

After this I held thirtyfive meetings in different counties in Northern Vermont, and baptized eight;

returned to St Johnsbury.

"July 6—Preached in St. Johnsbury, and baptized Sally Snow.

The 28th, preached and baptized Susan Briant.

After this held sixteen meetings in the towns around, and baptized seventeen, the most of whom lived in Danville.

Many were healed through the ordinances, by the power ofGod.

"July 19—Started for Charleston.

"July 24—Attended conference in Charleston.

Elders Orson Johnson and John Badger were ordained High Priests.

Winslow Farr, Isaac Aldrich and Roswell Evans were ordained Elders;

Gardner Snow, Willard Snow and Joseph Swasey were ordained Priests and Horace Evans was ordained a Teacher, the ordinations being under the hands of

Lyman E. Johnson.

After attending five meetings I left for Danville.

"Aug.

31—Ordained Jacob Rust an Elder;

tarried three days longer;

held three meetings and baptized three.

And then went to Bath, held five meetings in the adjoining towns, and baptized three.

"Sept. 8—Held two meetings in Bath.

Brother Horace Cowan was ordained an

Elder under the hands of Lyman E. Johnson.

"Sept. 9—I left Bath for Kirtland; held some meetings by the way;

arrived in Kirtland Sept.

28th, having been absent six months, during which I traveled about two thousand miles, attended one hundred and twenty-five meetings, and baptized upwards of fifty persons.

"I remained in Kirtland about two months, labored on the House of the Lord and printing office thirty days;

the most of the time boarding with the Prophet.

"Nov. 27—Elder Lyman E.

Johnson and myself started to visit some of the eastern churches, having been set apart by a council of High Priests for that purpose.

"Dec.

11—Held a conference in the evening at Elk Creek, settled some difficulties between the Elders; Amasa Lyman ordained a High

Priest, under the hands of Lyman E.

Johnson.

From Kirtland to this place we had held seven meetings.

"Dec.

16—We went to Silver Creek, tarried eight days; held eight meetings in the adjoining towns; then left for Geneseo, where we held a conference and preached much in the adjoining regions;

after which I went to Waterloo, near where the Church was first organized, where I arrived on the 17th of January, 1834.

"Jan. 20, 1834—I started for Kirtland, preaching by the way.

Feb.

13—Arrived in Kirtland, Elder Lyman E. Johnson having arrived a few days before me.

I had been absent about two months and a half, traveled about one thousand miles, and attended thirty-seven meetings.

"Feb. 22—I preached about four miles east of Cleveland, "Feb.

23—Preached at Newbury Centre.

"Feb 24—I traveled to Kirtland.

This day the Prophet received a revelation, wherein Orson Hyde and myself were appointed to travel together, to assist in gathering up the strength of the Lord's

House preparatory to the redemption ot Zion.

(See Doc.

and Cov., sec.

ioi, par 7, old Ed.) "Feb. 26—We left Kirtland; traveled eastward about two weeks, preaching by the way.

Arrived in Geneseo March 15.

"March 17—Attended council held at Father Beaman's house, in which

I was appointed to travel with Elder John Murdock.

March 20—We started westward, preaching almost every day.

Baptized two in the town of Greenwood.

"March 30—Arrived in the town of Freedom; tarried in this region twelve days;

held eleven meetings;

baptized twenty-two, one of whom, Heman Hyde, on April 10th, we ordained a Teacher.

"April 11—Continued our journey towards

Kirtland, occasionally preaching by the way.

"April 24—Arrived in Kirtland, having been absent nearly two months, during which we traveled about eight hundred miles, attended thirty-four meetings;

baptized twenty-four persons.

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

"April 26—I copied revelations for the

Prophet Joseph.

"May 1.—Being appointed to take charge of twenty persons, we started for Zion with four wagons.

The Prophet overtook us in a few days with a larger company and we continued our journey to Clay County, Missouri.

"July 7—I was ordained one of the standing High Council in Zion, under the hands of President Joseph Smith.

"July 19—Bishop Partridge and myself, having been appointed by the High

Council to visit the scattered Saints throughout Clay County, and set the Churches in order, commenced our mission.

We held eight meetings in different parts of the county.

"July 31—We reported the results of our mission to the High Council, which accepted the same after which the council selected John Carroll, Simeon Carter, Parley P.

Pratt, and myself to visit the churches throughout the county and hold public meetings, which we accordingly did.

"Aug. 21—The High Council gave their sanction for me to travel eastward towards Kirtland, preaching by the way.

I accordingly united in the ministry with my brother William D.

Pratt, and in a few days left, traveling on the north side of the Missouri river.

Over exertion in traveling brought on the fever and ague, which continued to afflict me at intervals for months. Sometimes I laid down upon the wet prairies, many miles from any house, being unable to travel. William D.

Pratt stopped at Vandalia, Illinois.

At Terra Haute I preached a few times, and baptized George W. Harris and his wife;

about the last of November I united in the ministry with Elder John Murdock, and continued my journey eastward, preaching in many places.

In a few days we arrived at Sugar Creek, Indiana, where we found Lorenzo D Barnes and Lewis Robbins, who had just arrived from Zion.

After holding a few meetings in this region, and baptizing a few, I united with Elder Barnes to travel.

"Jan.

2, 1835—We left Sugar Creek;

preached in many places for the next eighteen days.

"Jan. 20—Arrived in Cincinnati.

"Jan, 22—Crossed the Ohio River, visited a small branch of the Church on Licking river;

tarried with them two weeks, preaching almost every evening;

baptized a few.

"Feb. 6—Went to Cincinnati, and commenced preaching in that city and in the towns round about.

Tarried one month;

baptized a few.

"March 6—We started for another field of labor, and commenced preaching in Newbury, and in the abjoining towns;

tarried about six weeks, preaching almost every day.

"April 20—We started for Kirtland.

While in the streets of Columbus, Ohio, I saw a man passing, whom I felt impressed to speak to; he was a Saint, and the only one in the city;

I stopped at his house, and there read a late number of the Messenger and Advocate; found that I had been chosen one of the Twelve Apostles, and was requested to be in Kirtland on the 26th of April.

"April 24—Took the stage, and arrived in Kirtland on the 26th, about ten o'clock in the forenoon; walked into the meeting, and learned that they had been prophesying that I would arrive there, so as to attend that meeting, although not one of them knew where I was.

I was much rejoiced at meeting with the Saints.

"April 26—I was ordained one of the Twelve Apostles in this last dispensation, under the hands of David Whitmer and Oliver Cowdery.""April 26—I was blessed under the hands of Joseph Smith, Sen.

"May 4—I left with the Twelve on a mission through the middle and Eastern States.

"June 18—I baptized Sarah Marinda Bates, near Sacketts Harbor, whom I received in marriage upwards of a year after.

During the latter part of July, the month of August, and the fore part of September,

I preached almost every day in New Hampshire, in towns where they had not before heard the Gospel;

baptized a few, and then returned to Kirtland.

"Sept. 25—Arrived in Kirtland.

"Oct.

14—Started on a mission to the

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRA TT.

Ohio river, preaching by the way;

tarried two or three weeks in Beaver County, Pennsylvania; held sixteen meetings; baptized a few and raised up a small branch of the Church, and ordained Dr. Sampson Avard an Elder to take charge of them, and then returned to Kirtland, where I arrived on the 16th of November.

In December I taught an evening grammar school in

Kirtland, also during the winter studied Hebrew about eight weeks received a certificate from Prof. Seixas, testifying to my proficiency in the language, and certifying to my capabilities to teach the same.

This was the winter and spring of our endowments in the Kirtland Temple.

"April 6, 1836—Left Kirtland on an eastern mission, went to Canada West, preached about two months;

baptized several.

"June 4.—Took the steamer for Oswego, commenced preaching in Jefferson county and the regions adjoining; baptized many, and raised up some new branches.

"July 4—I was married to Sarah M.

Bates, Elder Luke Johnson officiating.

"The fore part of October I closed my mission in those parts, and started with my wife and a few of the Saints for Kirtland, where we arrived on the twelfth of October "Towards the last of autumn I commenced the study of algebra without a teachef, occupying leisure hours in the evening.

I soon went through Day's Algebra.

"About the middle of August 1837, I moved my family, from Kirtland to Henderson.

I started into the vineyard and labored during the fall and winter in the counties south-east from Jefferson.

"Early in the spring, I took my family and went to the city of New York, and was appointed to preside over a large branch of the church in that city.

I preached diligently among them some six or seven months, baptized many.

In the meantime I again visited Henderson, left my wife at her father's and returned to New York; but receiving a letter from

Far West, Missouri, to come to Zion, I again went to Henderson, brought my family again to New York City, and from there we departed for the west;

arrived in St. Louis about the middle of

November.

The ice prevented our progress any farther. Stopped in St.Louis.and labored with my hands during the winter.

"In the spring of 1838, I removed to Quincy, Illinois. InApril went to FarWest, from which place the Saints had been driven, held a conference with several of the Twelve on the morning of the 26th, and took our departure from the corner stone of the Temple for foreign nations, according to the revelation given through the Prophet more than a year before.

Returned to Illinois.

"July 4—Was an instrument in the hands of God in delivering my brother Parley from prison.

"In the autumn visited New York City;

continued preaching in the eastern churches of the Saints until the spring of 1840, when I embarked with several of the Twelve for England.

In April made my way to Edinburgh, Scotland;

preached there about nine months;

raised up a church of over two hundred

Saints;

published a pamphlet entitled Remarkable Visions.

"In the spring of 1841, set sail from Liverpool with several of the Twelve, and arrived in New York City, where I republished the 'Remarkable Visions.'Visited Henderson, near Lake Ontario, and then pursued my journey to Nauvoo,

Hancock Co., Illinois, having been absent from my family about two years.

"I remained in Nauvoo about one year, during a portion of which I had the charge of a mathematical school.

"In the summer of 1843, I performed a mission with several of the Twelve through the Eastern States; returned in the autumn; and being elected a member of the City Council, I was appointed in connection with others to draw up a memorial to Congress, which was accepted by the council, and I was appointed to go to Washington and present the same.

I accordingly went and tarried in Washington ten weeks:

this was in the spring of 1844.

While sojourning in that city, I preached and baptized a few, and during my leisure moments, I calculated eclipses, and prepared an almanac

LEAVES EROM A NOTE BOOK.

publication for 1845.

This I entitled 'The Prophetic Almanac':

it was calculated for the latitude and meridian of Nauvoo, and some other principle towns in the United States.

This was the first that I ever calculated and published.

After this I visited several of the Eastern

States, holding meetings, both religious and political.

"June 28, 1844—I was in New York City and wrote a letter home to my family.

After hearing of the martyrdom of Joseph the Prophet, I returned with several of the Twelve to Nauvoo.

From 1836 to 1844, I occupied much of my leisure time in study, and made myself thoroughly acquainted with algebra, geometry, trigonometry, conic sections, differential and integral calculus, astronomy, and most of the physical sciences.

These studies I pursued without the assistance of a teacher."Milando Pratt.

Do not be too ready witli your answers;

for a quick reply is very often suggestive of the shallowness of your knowledge.

LEAVES FROM A NOTE BOOK.

THE LOWER HUDSON.

"Unquestionably the finest river in the world,"he said, as he approached us, while we stood waiting for the steamer at the Newburg pier.

"Unquestionably the finest river, "and he ought to have known, considering the wide extent of his travels, as he afterwards related them to us.

"The finest river in the world, not even excepting the Rhine,"—that was his remark in full.

But I, with only the memory of other American rivers, did not, however, fully coincide with the declaration.

A haunting vision of that majestic flood, rolling down from

British Columbia, past the vast bastions of the Cascade Range, and entering into the western main over that wild bar by Tillamook Rock Light forbade it.

I could not forget those deep, mossy, glens opening out to the river bank, and over whose mossy ledges came the enchanting falls of

Multnomah, Oneonta, and La Tourelle, and whose winding ways led up into fastnesses of the mountains, "So deeply lone that, round the wild retreat

Scarce have the paths been trod by Indian huntsman's feet."nor the white gleaming of the snowcovered tops of Hood, Adams and St.

Helens.

But then, there was no. arguing the point with a man who began by telling of the Rhine, and then went on through a catalogue of rivers, embracing:

all the most famous and ending only with the Yukon, the greater length of which he had seen, and who spoke of the rivers of the earth as though he held a mortgage upon them.

Perhaps if he had said the most beautiful, I might not have differed in opinion with him, for the Hudson is beautiful, that is its main feature, that and its quiet impressiveness; "the lordly Hudson"is a term well applied.

Unquestionably, to use the stranger's word, the Hudson would lose half of its charms today were the memories of past days removed from our minds.

Take our case;

after a day passed at the old Hasbrouck House, once General Washington's head quarters; and busying our eyes and thoughts among the relics it contains; having the ghost of the revolution rise up before us in the council room, with its one window and seven doors; invoked by the sight of Hessian's boots and pistols; swords and muskets of patroits; lace dresses, worn at court balls; Washington's chair and LaFayette's tea kettle; the bullets which had killed heroes; and the endless odds and ends brought together there and reminiscent of the days following the "76;"had looked at the broad surface of water, over which

Benedict Arnold fled to the Vulture after the capture of Andre;

scrutinized the tomahawks of Indian chiefs, who had fougt bhoth the British and French, or

LEAVES FROM A NOTE-BOOK.

who had bartered thousands of acres of rich inheritance for a tawdry trinket;

had seen the quaint, fat cannons planted on the grounds; and watched the leaves of the maples, reddened by autumn's frosts, fall, and drift slowly around the monument of Uzal Knapp, last of the life guardsmen, we were certainly in the right mood to thoroughly enjoy and even intensify all the poetic beauties of the stream.

How much it owes, too, to the pen of Irving and Willis, and a host of other writers and to the invisible presence of those they have created—RipVanWinkle,

Ichabod Crane, Katrina Van Tassel—and half the pleasure we receive at Tarrytown, Donderberg or Tappan Zee, comes not through the eyes alone, exquisitely lovely as are the places;

but also through the music, that lingers in our memory from the reading of the magic words of genius.

These and the thoughts of Kosciuszko,

Putnam, and Hendrick Hudson, in his ship Half Moon give half the charm, I repeat, to the waters and hills of the Shattemuck.

Fish Kill bay is lovely.

It is in the socalled Highlands.

The Storm-King and Break-neck Hill are in sight.

Up or down the stream are wooded heights, one behind another, farther and farther, until lost in the silvery haze.

From"Newburg to the Palisades there is but little difference, really, in the scenery of the Hudson.

Rounded hills which rise to a higher or lesser degree; long reaches of the stream, wider or narrower, as the case may be;

the clustered houses of the towns, larger or smaller,—these seem the only changes in all those miles.

It would be but writing a sort of catalogue to enumerate or even describe those various eminences and slopes, and reaches of river, which the tourist pores over so diligently in his "panorama of the Hudson;"and they seem to melt into the mind and form one picture, as the subjects in those composite pictures, which were the fad a short time ago.

And, as in those pictures, the strongest set of features dominated over all the rest, so the mental picture of the Lower Hudson, at the end of a boat trip, is composed of its strongest features—a long, slowly-flowing stretch of water; rounded hills—perhaps one eminence a little more peaked than the rest;

a town in the middle distance; and the bright sunlight catching upon the white sides of a passing steamboat, or the swelled sails of a little skiff.

Our trip was made on the Newark, and it was the final one of the season.

The boat was gaily decked with brilliant flags, those of England, France, and, of course, the United States, being conspicuous.

Merrily they fluttered in the crisp, sparkling breeze which, at times, blew from the northeast. The foliage which climbed the hills was steeped in the transparent dyes of a late and glowing autumn; a few long, fleecy cirrus clouds laced the grayblue sky; the sun, from his low throne in the south, sent floods of mellow light;

indeed the Hudson was beautiful.

Being the "last day"our boat was saluted by every passing craft, and by the locomotives from the shore, and from each village and town.

The cadets at West Point came forth in a body waving their handkerchiefs; and to all salutes the boat returned answer in a blast from its sonorous whistle.

I thought how much better, indeed, are these days of peace than those of the warfare of which the river had once been the scene.

How much better to see floating from the huge steamer, in token of fellowship, the flags of three great nations, than to have seen them as they once were—carried against each other at the heads of columns of marching men.

When we reached the Palisades the sun was dipping behind their dark, square fronts, and when we glided into the slip at New York, it had fallen, big and yellow, and dimmed by clouds of smoke, beneath the Jersey flats.

11.

OCTOBER ON THE ALLEGHANY FOOTHILLS.

A spectacle, indeed; worthy the sight of gods or men, are these October woods!

Why, all the glories which grace our western sunset skies seem here to have fallen on the trees—the dusky red, the

LEAVES FROM NOTE A BOOK.

crimson, the scarlet, and the gold—all those colors which burn upon the faraway clouds in our mountain home, are here close by; we touch them with our hands.

But ah it must be confessed, shorn of their spirituality no longer making us think of the raiment of the cherubim, but rather of the earthly, silken, and velvet robes of queens and kings.

But glorious enough, however, for this every-day world, I think.

What more can one ask for when the soul is filled to overflowing by a contemplation of all the fairness round.

And lovingly, too, the sun, though he shines from a gray sky, rests his beams on the transformed leaves.

Lovingly, seeming to shower kisses upon them, as a departing lover upon his chosen mistress.

Lovingly over the whole woods, as though he said, "be of good cheer and.

pine not, for soon I will hasten back from the south and bright ye shall break forth again in bud and blossom; sweet in your spring time as a young girl; and slowly ye shall pass on to voluptuous womanhood, through the fervid months of summer."

A sweet stillness rests over hill and dale there is not a breath of wind from morn 'till eve, and so it has been for days, for "Where the dead leaf fell, there did it rest."and not a sound-wave comes from the vales but those that have traveled so far that they fall upon the soft, deep grass with a sigh, as a tired wavelet upon a strip of sand.

It is a pleasant task to sit and pick out all the notes in this rapturous symphony of color—those that can be picked out or to see them glide (if the term is allowable) into one another with such tender, subtle modulations that the eye cannot follow them, though they make themselves felt in the general harmony.

In places the color is massed in trembling, pulsating mysteries; at others its outlines are sharply defined, crisp, clear, rising, as it were, through the scale to one high piercing note of treble.

As I pass along the road the pictures change.

Sometimes it will be a vignette, tender, quaint or idyllic;

sometimes a broad, sweeping-lined landscape, focussed by objects or figures of rural life.

What could be more sweet, more unconventional, than this little vignette in sight:

A huge old beach tree, standing on a green slope of hill, with its under leaves all fallen, making a thick, round, amber-red mat upon the grass, the upper ones, yet on the branches, shining like shields in a fairy armory; a palegray sky, and across the distance a mass of the thick woods of purplish, brownish maroon, dashed with dusky gold.

Or this one: an ancient hemlock, low, but with its branches reaching far out from the trunk and holding a great weight of sombre-green foliage; by its side a tall, slim ash, and its fallen, paly yellow leaves lodged in the dusky hemlock;

appearing as though a whole troop of weary butterflies were resting there.

The broad landscapes are superlative of their kind.

The winding streams, which reflect groups of the tamarack, the hickory, the sycamore and the butternut, and which form deep, wide pools, or fall softly over ledges of sand or limestone, bringing down from the sky into the mass of warm colors, lines and flecks of pearlgray blue, are crossed by long, wooden bridges, with covered galleries; and in the distant vales are seen well-*to-do farm houses, while the hill side clearings are covered yet with stacks of corn, or littered with orange-gold pumpkins.

The long, winding roads leading from village to village, and rising and falling with the undulating country over which they pass are enlivened by figures which might have given an idea for an opening chapter to Trollope or Collins—the country doctor, perhaps, in his vehicle, answering to a sudden call; or the village squire, with his daughter; or a rider, with the saddle bags on each side of his pony—the country postman going his rounds, in.

THE "TURNERS, "t IN LENOX LIBRARY.

These two pictures—a scene on the French coast, with an English ship-ofwar stranded; and Staffa, Fingal's Cave,

Scotland—the one crumbling, cracking, fading rapidly away, and the other darkened already by time, bring us face to

LEAVES FROM A NOTE BOOK.

face with some of the deepest problems of art.

Both painted during that period of his life in which, many affirm, Turner was but an artistic madman, raving in color as others do in words; but which other critics say, Ruskin among the number, was the time in which he produced his most perfect work, (artistically not technically), from 1830 to 1845; they exemplified what he, and he alone, had to report of the more evanescent beauties of nature, after he had looked upon them with the eyes of love and»discernment, through the long years of his industrious life.

We are bound to ask before these works, where ends the domain of art?

in landscape art, I mean.

Dare its votaries aspire to the rendering of light—the undimmed glories of the rising or setting luminary, bathing, in his ineffable glory, earth, water and sky?

Or must they worship only, not daring, through the instrumentality of paint, an attempt to disclose what has been revealed unto them?

Inimitable Turner! in one sense he was a martyr—striving after the unattainable, and being misunderstood and mocked at for it.

Both of these pictures show the hour of sunset, and one of them, the first named, contains the famous scarlet shadow, which, Ruskin says, was his most distinctive innovation as a colorist.

In the other we see his passionate love of color in his later years, and also his transcendent genius in the arrangement of lines and chiaroscuro, the picture being one of those kind in which he stood alone—a study of drifting clouds and mist; smoke swirled by the wind; beating rain and tossing waves;

all lit by a low and lurid sun.

Those visions;

those dreams;

those inspirations of Turner's, what could he do with them?

Let them glow and burn within his brain like volcanic fire, and then die out unexpressed or did he do well, think you, in attempting to report them to us, even though the technicalities, the limitations of his art made the report imperfect, as would be the divine and sweet harmonies of some master composer, should he try to interpret them upon an instrument, broken, out of tune, unresponsive to fire or touch?

When Tennyson wrote:

"The sunrise broken into scarlet shafts

Among the palms and ferns and precipices,

The blaze upfln the waters to the east;

The blaze upon his island overhead;

The blaze upon the waters to the west:

Then the great stars that globed themselves in Heaven, The hollower-bellowing ocean, and again

The scarlet shafts of sunrise or, "How oft we saw the sun retire,

And burn the threshold of the night,

Full from his ocean-lane of fire,

And sleep beneath his pillar'd light!"he knew that the imaginative mind would respond;

nothing between him, the purity of the language (which will not change with time), and the sympathy of his reader.

But with Turner, what?

Between him, the impression he had received, the beauty he had dreamed, and the one whose imagination he sought to reach, was the vulgarities of paint;

the deadness of flake white;

the staring crudity of chrome yellow; the coarseness of red lead; the delusiveness of vermillion, smalt, and verditer.

Poor Turner!

how his heart must have ached at the difference between the dream and its realization; between the vision and the painted canvas.

A poet?

Yes, one of the greatest of the poets Fit to walk in spirit with Milton, Shakspeare, Dante, yEscuylus.

One who, though his life was not writ in water, was nevertheless, unfortunate enough to have embodied some of the grandest, wildest, most beautiful and sublime thoughts that have ever come to man, in fugitive pigments, working their own destruction.

Fading or blackening through chemical changes—false servants betraying their master.

A poet who, though thousands deny him, some because their eyes are blind to the most subtle, mysterious beauties of nature;

some because they are insincere^ and others because of their envy, was, beyond all doubt, the one whose eyes saw plainest, whose heart loved best, and whose hand was most skilful to portray, of all those who have yet worshipped at

9Q SLAVERY—A TESTIMONY FOR THE TRUTH.

the shrine of nature's beauty or sought to embody their love through the poor, powerless, inadequate medium of paint.

He was one, that, like the great prophets, will always be sneered at and hated by some, and revered and loved by others.

Scorning, at last, all conventionality, and, drawing toward the close of life, not having time to study technical laws, by which to make safe upon the canvas the new and wondrous things he had to tell, and which needed new methods of expression, he himself gave up to the painting of those fleeting visions of beauty, many of which are already faded from our sight.

Every picture that he made in his later days was a new thought in the world of art, and a first record of some exquisite phenomenon of nature.

Work that prepared the road for whatever is most lovely in the landscape art of today.

Those landscapists who sneer at him now, are, though they may know it not, reviling one who made it possible for their work to be.

» Alfred Lamboume.

SLAVERY-A TESTIMONY FOR THE TRUTH.

An awful prophecy was once delivered by the venerable patriarch Noah, a father's curse upon a wayward son:

"Cursed be Canaan: a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.

Blessed be the Lord God of Shem; and

Canaan shall be his servant.

God shall enlarge Japhet, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem;

and Canaan shall be his servant."Gen. ix 25-27.

The literal fulfilment of this prophecy, this curse, is a matter of historic record that should in itself give sufficient evidence of the authenticity of the volume which contains the prediction thereof before the nations concerned were born.

Slavery, with all its concomitant evils, has from time immemorial been the darkest cloud upon the sky of the "Dark

Continent.

The descendants of Canaan, the negroes, have been the "servants of servants"to all their brethren.

Saracens, Arabs, Turks, and even more civilized nations have captured the sons of Ham and led them into slavery, as a matter of course And even now, in our own enlightened age, notwithstanding the strenuous efforts that have been made, particularly by England, to rid the globe from this "relic of barbarism,"slavery in Africa is a fact, a real fact, the whole horror of which baffles description.

Philanthropists have asked, why this traffic cannot be destroyed at once—

a question which is best answered by reference to the social condition on which it depends.

For although there are very few, if any, written laws in the kingdoms of Africa, yet there are, as in every community, customary laws, which have established slavery as a social condition.

Such conditions, grown up with the people and deeply rooted in their inherited institutions, are not altered in one day.

It often takes the struggles of generations to accomplish that work.

I we have noticed what labor has been expended, for instance, to abolish monarchism, and establish republicanism in 'France, or how slowly the work of disestablishing the church in England progresses, we can easily understand why the slavery of Africa is slow in disappearing.

For this is a social condition of the nations of that continent, as tenacious of life as any social condition found anywhere in civilized countries.

According to the accounts of travelers, there are five different sources out of which slavery arises in Africa.

1. War.

A free man, if captured in war, may be made a slave.

When he is conquered and sees, perhaps the uplifted spear, ready to pierce his breast, and he asks for mercy, he is giving himself up as a slave to the conqueror; for mercy in this instance means a life long bondage.

By this means thousands, who prefer life to death are made slaves, and this barbarous custom thus perpetuates slavery, as it no doubt was the originator thereof.

2. Famine.

When a country from one

SLAVERY—A TESTIMONY FOR THE TRUTH.

cause or another suffers from a scarcity of food, there will necessarily be many who are brought to the point of death by famine. In an emergency of this kind a free man will perhaps resort to the only means that is left him of escaping a fearful death.

He will sell his children, his wife, or wives, and finally himself, as slaves.

Dr.

Laidley, an early slave-trader in Africa, relates that, during a famine in the countries of Gambia, which lasted for three years, many free men came and begged him to be put on his slave-chain, to save them from perishing of hunger.

3. Insolvency.

If a trader in Africa has contracted a debt on some mercantile speculation, payment to be given at a certain time, and he is unable to fulfil his obligations, the creditor can seize upon and sell not only his property but himself also, in order to satisfy his lawful demands.

Mungo Park, describing the situation, as he found it some ninety years ago, says:

"When a negro takes up goods on credit, from any of the Europeans on the coast, and does not make payment at the time appointed, the European is authorized, by the laws of the country, to seize upon the debtor himself, if he can find him;

or, if he cannot be found, on any member of his family;

or, in the last resort, on any native of the same kingdom.

The person thus seized upon is detained, while his friends are sent in quest of the debtor.

When he is found, a meeting is called of the chief people of the place, and the debtor is compelled to ransom his friend by fulfilling his engagement.

If he is unable to do this, his person is immediately secured and sent down to the coast, and the other released.

If the debtor cannot be found, the person seized on is obliged to pay double the amount of the debt, or is himself sold into slavery."Such laws seem to have existed and to have been enforced by Europeans as late as in the beginning of this century.

It is to be hoped that they are no longer used since slavery can no more be carried on openly by people who lay claim to civilization;

but there is little doubt that Mohammedan merchants and native traders still obtain many slaves on account of men becoming unable to pay their debts, in those parts of the country where the European powers as yet have but little to say.

4. Crimes.

There are three crimes for the committing of which slavery is attached as the penalty.

These are murder, adultery and witchcraft.

If a person commits murder, the nearest relation ot the victim has the right either to kill the murderer, or to sell him as a slave.

In the case of adultery, the injured person may either accept a fine or sell the offender into slavery.

By witchcraft is meant administering of some poison whereby the health or lives of other persons are jeopardized.

Anyone convicted of this crime may be sold as a slave.

It is but just to the black population of the "Dark Continent"to say, that according to all reliable travelers, these crimes are comparatively less frequent among these heathens than they are in civilized countries, whether this depends on the wholesome effects, of the penal code or not.

5. Birth.

A child born of slaves continues in the same condition.

Thus the social condition is perpetuated and naturalized, as it were, among the people.

It has grown up with their other institutions, and nothing short of a social revolution can ever uproot it.

The perpetuation of slavery, through birth, is to the native African mind just as proper and natural as is the perpetuation of nobility, or royalty, by the same means, in certain other countries.

So remarkably has the prophecy of Noah been fulfilled up to our present time!

The finger of God has written on the pages of the history of the human race a testimony to the truth of the pages of His inspired records, that all may see and understand, and that none may have a just cause for doubt.

6". M. Sjodahl.

The characteristic of the true gentleman, whether he be in the best of society or merely the humble drudge of the workshop, is chiefly recognized by the gentleness of his manners, and the resolute character of his actions.

ANCIENT ENGINEERING

FEATS.

The hard mechanical training necessary for an engineer of the present day disinclines him to spend his scanty leisure in studies which cannot be turned to account.

The result is that he conscientiously believes his art to be the special flower and glory of the age—in which he is not altogether wrong; but beyond that he regards all earlier feats of engineering as unworthy of serious discussion.

And the public, as ignorant, with less excuse, encourages this view.

It is waste of time to ask him how the boulders of Stonehenge were conveyed to their resting-place; how the walls of Fiesole or Mycene were built;

these marvels represent the power which lies in the brute force of multitudes, and there's an end of the question.

Engineering now is an art and a science, with which the rude work of the savages has no sort of connection.

One must not inquire why he takes it for granted that Stonehenge, for example, was built by savages, where the brute multitude came from, how they subsisted on Salisbury Plain, or why it is necessary to assume that they were unacquainted with mechanics.

All that is chose jugee—beyond dispute.

If you cite records of antiquity which tell of works he cannot rival, that fact alone is proof that the.record is a lie;

for how can it possibly be that mere Greeks and Romans should have been able to do what the builders of the Eiffel Tower and the Forth Bridge cannot accomplish? We had an amusing instance of this feeling lately.

The ingenious M. Eiffel and the artistic M.

Bartholdi have been gravely pondering the Colossus of Rhodes measuring it and weighing it as per description; and they concluded that the thing was simply impossible.

It could not have been set up, to begin with, and when set up it could not have stood the pressure of wind.

This is demonstrated by all the rules of modern science, and he who does not admit the demonstration must be prepared to show that two and two do not make four.

Those antique personages who professed to have seen the Colossus were victims of an occular delusion or flat story-tellers, and that greater number who mention it incidentally, as we might mention the ruins of the Colosseum, were credulous gossips.

The fact is that Messrs.

Eiffel and Bartholdi argue in the fashion usual with engineers.

Not all of them would pretend that they know every law of nature which applies in such a case.

But very few would listen patiently if it were urged that the ancients knew some laws with which they were unacquainted.

So it appears, however, to the disinterested student, and we can bring forward evidence enough.

If it be true that the Colossus of Rhodes is really proved "impossible,"according to the best modern authorities, this is a good illustration to begin with, for its existence is as well authenticated as the Temple at Delphi and the statue of the Olympian

Zeus, or the Tower of London, for that matter, to one who has never seen it.

By some means it was set up, and by adaption of some natural laws it was made to stand, until an earthquake overthrew it.

One is embarrassed by the number and variety of illustrations to the same effect which crowd upon the mind.

Since the Colosseum has been mentioned we may choose examples of that class.

Is M.

Eiffel prepared to put an awning over Trafalgar Square when the sun shines, and remove it promptly without the aid of a central support, of steam engines, or even chains?

The area of the Colosseum is certainly not less.

This may seem a trifling matter to the thoughtless, because they have never considered it.

Roman engineers covered in that vast expanse with some woolen material, and they worked the ponderous sheet so easily and smoothly that it was drawn and withdrawn as the sky changed.

The bulk of it must have weighed hundreds of tons, all depending by ropes from the circumference.

But the ancients thought so little of this feat that they have left us only one trivial de« tail of the method.

So Julius Caesar stretched an awning above the Forum Romanum and a great part of the Via Sacra in the space of a single night.

Have any of our modern engineers pondered the contemporary

PIONEER SKETCHES.

descriptions of Alexander's dubar tent before Babylon?

That, again, appears to have no central support.

It was upheld, says Phylarchus, by eight pillars of solid gold.

Of the glorious plenishing within we have not to speak, since our theme is mechanics.

Around the throne and the great courtiers stood five hundred Macedonian guards;

in a circle beyond them five hundred Persian guards beyond these again, one thousand archers.

To fix a tent which held two thousand soldiers on duty with arms and accoutrements, surrounding in successive circles the most gorgeous Oriental court that ever was, with hundreds of satraps, councillors, generals, eunuchs and slaves, would perplex a mechanician of the nineteenth century.

He will reply that the story is false—must be, because he could not match it.

Happily the awning of the Colosseum stands beyond dispute, and Alexander's tent is a small matter compared with that.

But we undertook to deal with the engineering of the ancients in connection with the theatre, having glanced on that class of illustration.

Pliny tells how Metellus Scaurus, aedile, built a wondrous edifice, which stirred his rival, C.

Curio, to frantic jealousy.

It may be worth while in passing—since we are all so much interested in the theatre nowadays and think so much of our new ones—to tell what sort of a building that was which Curio set himself to outdo.

It had three hundred and sixty marble columns, each thirty-eight feet high and thirty-eight feet apart.

About two thousand bronze statues stood among them.

The stage had three floors, as was usual; the lowest paved and fitted with marble, the second with glass, the third gilded, boards and all.

It held eighty thousand people.

This account will seem so fabulous to steady-going moderns that it is prudentto give chapter and verse.

The description will be found, with curious details and passionate reflections on the luxury of the day in Pliny's Natural History, xxxiii., 24.

Such was the wonder which Curio resolved to beat, and feeling himself unable to vie in outlay, he summoned the engineers of the period to design something which would "fetch"the public.

They built two enormous theatres of wood, each to contain an audience of twenty -five thousand, which stood back to back. When the spectators assembled in the forenoon, Curio was chaffed, no doubt, on his attempt to excel Scaurus.

But theaudience returned in the afternoon;

for these entertainments were devoted to the manes of Curio's father, and lasted a month.

In the place of two theatres back to back, they found an amphitheatre holding eighty thousand persons, wherein gladiators and wild beasts contended until dewy eve.

The two great buildings had been swung round and united; and day by day for the month following, this colossal trick was repeated.

The perfervid indignation of Pliny could not make him altogether indifferent to the ingenuity of the thing.

The fact is, in brief, that those who know what ancient engineers did with their imperfect means, feel a qualified admiration for the works of the moderns.

If Archimedes or Stasicrates had been acquainted with the forces and laws, with which every engineer is familiar in these days, they would have changed the face of the earth and the destinies of mankind.

PIONEER SKETCHES.

Utah in 1850.

It is very difficult for young men born in Utah, and still more so for those who have immigrated from other countries, to understand how Utah, with its fairvalleys, which now bloom as a garden, could ever have been so barren and desolate as they have heard the old pioneers describe it.

Now, look where they may, they see beautiful homes, lovely fields and orchards, majestic shade trees and waveing meadows.

"Is it possible,"say they, "this beautiful scene could ever have been the dreary waste we have heard our

noSEEN SKETCHES.

fathers describe?"It is even so, and the writer, in whose memory those scenes are still fresh, will endeavor to illustrate by a few reminiscences.

It was on the 22nd of July 1850, that on my way to the California gold fields, I first entered the valley of the Great

Salt Lake, but it seems as if 'twere yesterday.

As our little company, of half a dozen wagons, emerged from the mouth of Parley's Canon, avast expanse of gray desert met the eye, enlivened only by a growth of stunted sunflowers upon the slopes or "benches"at the foot of the mountains.

Gray, gray everywhere; nothing but the bluish-gray of sagebrush and greasewood covered the whole face of the land.

Not an acre of meadow or green grass to be seen anywhere:

the only green visible, being a thin line of willows along the Jordan, or the small streams flowing into the valley from the mountains.

We saw squaws among the sunflowers with basket and paddle in hand, beating the sunflower seeds into their baskets;

the seed ground between two flat stones into a coarse meal, forming material for their only kind of bread. The Indians cultivated no land, but subsisted upon game, fish, sunflower seeds and roots; and when grasshoppers and crickets were plentiful, they gathered them by the bushel and baked them for future use in pits, which they dug in the ground and heated by fires made in them.

Sometimes the poor natives had not even this to eat, and to preserve life, had to subsist upon the inner bark of cedar and juniper.and seedbearing grass.

Although the scene upon entering the valley of the Great Salt Lake was desolate in the extreme, away in the distance was a sight that gladdened the eye and caused tears of joy to flow from more than one of our party.

For months had we toiled slowly onward, living upon bacon and flour—flour and bacon—month after month.

"And now,"we thought, as we saw the distant houses, "now we may get something good to eat—some milk, butter—green vegetables! "What luxuries!

Who can appreciate such things until long deprivation has made them precious?

We drove through the scattered town of small one story adobe or log dwellings, but saw nowhere a sign displayed to indicate store, grocery or other place of business.

I afterwards found there were a few small second-hand stores in town, one on Emigration street, as Fourth South was then called; one east of President Young's block, and one or two in other places, but none on Main Street, which, at that time was lined on either side by a simple pole fence.

No shade trees or orchards were to be seen;

if any fruit trees had been planted they were too small to be casually noticed.

Some tall native cottonwoods stood along the south branch of City Creek, which ran southerly through the lot formerly owned by General Wells.

The other branch of the creek ran westward, through the Temple Block, and thence found its way to the Jordan.

The Old Fort on the present Sixth Ward or Pioneer Square, was still inhabited by families, who had not yet been able to build upon their own lots.

Everybody was busy—no loafers standing about every man engaged in the mighty work of building a new state in the midst of the desert.

And every man was a farmer.

Food is the most important requisite of life;

people may and do live without clothing or comforts, but food they must have or soon they die.

So every man's great desire seemed to secure food for himself and family—a desire sharpened by the sufferings of the infant colony during the two previous years of partial famine.

One thing struck a stranger as very odd—the sight of money disdained and refused in making a trade.

For instance, I buy some butter or vegetables, and offer the money for it—"Can't you let me have some sugar, sir, or some coffee or dried apples, instead of money?"I answer that we have but little of such articles left—hardly enough to last us to California, and again offer the cash.

"Oh, do let us have a little dried fruit, it is so long since I had any!"And so we found there are things more desirable than money.

This was a common experience during the summer of 1850—money re-

PIONEER SKETCHES.

fused, and better pay—food—demanded.

It may be different in Utah to-day.

Other things—strange things—were noticed by our party.

Not an oath was heard from any of the Mormon settlers;

and if a Gentile uttered one, he did so carefully, as we understood a man was liable to a fine for swearing.

Not a drunken man could be seen—for there were no drinking hells allowed until Gentile Christianity forced them upon the people.

And there were no houses of ill fame until the same corrupt but overpowering force introduced and sustained them.

"Why,"said they, "you must be like other people—you must have all these things."They judged Mormons by themselves.

No one thought to fasten a door at night—there were no thieves;and a woman might pass through the streets alone at any hour of the night with perfect safety.

Is it so today?

If not, is it Mormonism or its opposite that has wrought so woeful a change?

There is no dubiety as to the answer.

. A few settlers lived in Davis county, and some where Ogden now stands; also at Provo and its surroundings in Utah county.

The country about Bountiful now so rich and productive—then lay an open waste, covered only by a short, stunted growth of sage and greasewood, and to all human appearance seemed utterly worthless.

As the writer rode over it in those days he would not have taken a mile square of it as a gift.

What was it good for?

It would produce nothing—not even grass—without water, and there was no water for it.

"Yes,"says the reader, "but there is water for xtnozv; why not then?"I will tell you.

When the Latter-day Saints settled Utah they blessed the land by the authority of the Holy Priesthood, that it should be fertile, and they blessed the waters, that they should increase.

The Almighty heard, approved and verified their words.

That is the reason in a nutshell; that explains the great change that has taken place since Utah was first settled; a change well known to all the old pioneers.

I heard President Kimball, one day, when, in the spirit of prophecy, he said:

"As the need for water increases among the people, so shall the waters increase from this time forth.

Write it down if you like, for it is true."I heard his words and recorded them, and now testify to their truth, as shown by almost forty years experience since the words were spoken.

The waters in Utah have increased.

Small rivulets, dry in summer, have become steady streams, and much larger, and large streams have grown larger.

Springs have broken out where they never existed before, as the writer knows by personal observation.

In the spring of 1851 I went to where Payson now stands, selected a farm, and proposed to settle.

At that time—March 10th, not a house had been erected, but some were being built of logs, by seven families lately arrived.

Making known to them my intention, I was answered: "Oh yes, you may have all the land you want, but no water.

We claim all the water, and there is not enough for us."

And so I went down to Iron County.

Water at Payson was scarce;

the whole stream would have run in a ditch two feet wide or less.

How many people live in and around Payson now?

Hundreds, if not thousands, and all have water.

So has it been all through Utah.

I remember upon one occasion while traveling in southern Utah, in company with Apostles George A.

Smith and Amasa Lyman, we stopped for lunch one day at a small spring which oozed from a bank, ran a few yards and disappeared in the sand—the only water for miles around.

And this is how we got water to drink:—One sat beside the spring with spoon and tin cup, dipping a spoonful at a time until the cup was full.

Years afterwards, I passed that place again, and found to my astonishment, five families living there, all supplied from the same spring with water enough for gardens and fruit trees.

Many similar examples might be noted, had we space.

For years after Utah was settled the country was considered the very worst.

President Young used to say it was a good country for the Saints to live in, "for,"said he, "no one else would or could inhabit it."For years it required constant per-

WHY WE STUDY HISTORY.

suasion from the Presidency and Twelve to keep the people from wandering away to more favored lands, and nothing but the wonderful faith of the people retained them.

In spite of all, many did go away each year, feeling as if their hardships were more than they could bear.

But the great majority remained, sustained by a faith without parallel in the history of any people.

More than a thousand miles from the Missouri river; surrounded on all sides by powerful, unconquered tribes of bloodthristy savages; poor, plundered of their all by ruthless Christian foes in Missouri and Illinois; hated and despised by all the world; what but suffering and death could they expect in their isolated, desert home?

Their clothing would soon wear out, their ammunition needed for self-defense, would soon be expended, and all this would require a year's journey to replace.

But they could at least raise bread.

"No,"says Col.

Bridger and others long resident there, "you can't raise anything here.

Frost every month in the year."He said he would give one thousand dollars for the first bushel of corn they could raise, and felt secure in his offer.

But the Saints did conquer the desert, by the blessing of Him who rules all things; and their achievements, in founding a prosperous commonwealth as they did, in the face of almost insurmountable difficulties will yet be pointed to as some of the most remarkable upon record.

The silly babble indulged in by some of the enemies of the Mormons,—that Utah was desirable in the beginning fertile, abounding in water and verdant meadows—can only bring a smile to the pioneer, who remembers things as they were then.

Today Utah is a garden; but it has become so by the blessing of the Almighty upon the untiring, Herculean toils of the Latter-day Saints, who had faith in God and trusted their leaders.

Their faith, so steadfast and sublime is called by the world fanaticism; but the Saints know in whom they trust, and have no fears as to the future of Zion.

The fires of persecution and the blows of their enemies have the same effect upon them as the flame of the forge, the anvil and the blacksmith's sledge, upon the heated steel, solidifying and shaping and tempering it more perfectly.

And if some cannot endure the ordeal,but fly off like the sparks under the hammer, it is only an evidence that the remainder, purified from dross, is more coherent and stronger than ever.

James H.

Martinean.

WHY WE STUDY HISTORY.

There are people known as utilitarians, who claim that nothing on earth is worthy of our attention unless it can be put to some practical and pecuniarily beneficial use.

They claim, and use specious and attractive arguments to support the claim, that many things under the sun are of a superfluous character and that the loss of these would not materially affect man or his interests.

In the education,of their children these individuals would restrict the instruction to those branches, the knowledge of which can be immediately utilized in the procurement of a livelihood.

They would banish from the school and from the home all aesthetic culture.

They would prohibit the teaching of those branches which impart a delight to the soul, not to be experienced by the sordid mind.

It is pleasing to think that these individuals are becoming so few that we shall soon have to seek them as Diogenes sought the honest man—with a candle.

Another class of utilitarians should be mentioned, those who claim all principles and appliances to be necessary to the well-being of men, which are of indirect benefit, though their practical use may for the time being be imperceptible.

In this latter class of utilitarians, I think every true Latter-day Saint can claim membership, for it is one of the cardinal principles of the Mormon doctrine that

WHY WE STUDY HISTORY.

God never reveals anything of a superfluous character, and that all truth existent upon the earth has emanated from Him.

Much gratification is afforded us by the fact that constant additions are being made to the ranks of those who consider the indirect and remote, as well as the direct and immediate benefits accruing from a science.

Opposed to both classes of utilitarians is the individual whom, for the want of a better name, I shall call a transcendentalism He claims that the utility of a science or an art should never be considered as affecting its importance; but that we should foster all kinds of research and accept all demonstrated principles for the sake of our natural love for truth, without question as to utility.

This class is largely recruited from the ranks of philosophers and theorists, and from others who are engaged in metaphysical research.

But there are many of those spending their time in such pursuits, who take a pride in calling attention to the practical use to be made of all their inventions and discoveries, and such

I believe to be actuated by the proper spirit.

In order, however, that this idea may be properly appreciated, it is necessary that the meaning of the term "use"be extended far beyond its mercenary one.

It is from this point of view that we desire to treat the subject under discussion.

Judged from a merely mercenary standpoint, the study of history can be of but little benefit to'a man pursuing the ordinary avocations of life.

He cannot apply his knowledge of that branch to his business affairs, as he can a knowledge of the "three R's."He cannot make it available on the farm, at the workbench or in the mountains.

There he is confronted with living issues, with events of present importance, which have a tendency to exclude from his mind that which has its connection only with the dead past.

His labors are usually of local interest alone, and have no relation in a direct sense with the works accomplished by men, in places far distant from his own.

Nay, more; the very act of turning his attention to that which has no local or present importance, compels him to relax for the present hig hold upon the realities of life, and he consequently assumes an air of abstraction, foreign, and in some cases fatal, to the accomplishment of the purpose he has in view.

I would not therefore recommend the pursuit of the study of history, or of any other branch, merely for the sake of the extension of one's knowledge of that branch, without an idea of the use to be made of such knowledge in local and daily affairs.

This point conceded, it now remains for us to consider the use which can be made of that knowledge in our every-day labors.

Before taking up the consideration of this subject, it may be well to have it understood that the term "usefulness"is employed in a broad sense.

I would call those things useful which cause our fields to be more productive, our houses more comfortable, our cities more pleasant, our public buildings more commodious and elegant.

But I believe it is not well to stop here.

Let us consider as useful that which has a tendency to enlarge our minds, to develop our natural powers, to increase our faith in God.

Let us be optimists in the true sense of the word, holding that God has not placed anything upon the earth or among any of His vast creations, without decreeing its use.

Then can we truthfully say with the poet, "The waves that moan along the shore,

The winds that sigh in blowing,

Are sent to teach a mystic lore

Which men are wise in knowing."

If this is true of inanimate nature, how much more so must it be of those beings whom God has placed upon the earth, endowed with God-like intellects, and commanded to do His will.

Can we not say that their sighings and their moanings as well as their rejoicings, conveyed to us through the medium of their written history, will teach a lore, not mystic, but clear and tangible, which we shall be doubly wise in knowing?

And what wisdom will thus be given us!

Wisdom which will enable us to look with a broader and more comprehensive view of sympathy and brotherly love upon our fellow-creatures.

WHY WE STLDY HISTORY.

But it is not necessary for us to search in the mystic, the unknowable and the poetic, to find the beneficial effects of historical study.

There is no nation the study of whose history will not be of value in a practical, as well as a theoretical sense.

If we study the history of the

Egyptians, we will find food for deep and serious reflection in the miraculous circumstances of the rise, progress, decline and fall of that great empire.

We shall be able to discern that that which gave her strength in the early part of her history, was her disposition to look with a friendly eye upon her sister nations;

to view with disfavor the introduction of customs and habits possessing an enervating tendency.

We see her, mighty in her strength and majesty, erecting the most marvellous monuments of architectural grandeur—the great pyramids;

we see the country overrun by the usurping Shepherd Kings; we see the favored of the

Lord, the noble Joseph, raised from bondage to a seat beside the king; we see his brethren and his aged father on their journey to their new home on the banks of the Nile; we see the first appearance of oppressive tyranny exercised towards them, and know that the days of Egypt's grandeur are numbered; we see the fearful plagues inflicted by an avenging God; we see the destruction of the vast hosts of the insolent Pharaoh; we see Egypt enjoying a brief season of apparent prosperity, but the cankerworm is already at her vitals.

Caste and corruption, tyranny and treason, division and dissension—all combine to sap her strength and undermine her grandeur.

She falls—falls by reason at once of her vastness and her weakness, of her opulence and her corruption—falls, never to rise again And Babylon, the city of magnificence and of power, whose empire covered many lands and whose sway was over many peoples; what has been her history?

Does it differ in any of its essential features from that of Egypt?

She grew by reason of her inherent powers, until such were diminished by revelry and corruption, and a king was raised up to destroy the sacrilegious Belshazzar and annihilate the Babylonish power.

Nor have democratic governments been exempt from these devastating powers.

It is a significant fact that monarchies and republics alike have fallen into decay from the causes enumerated. above.

Greece and Rome, two of the grandest nations of ancient times, and both democratic in their governments, passed through the successive stages of advancement, retrogression and downfall; and, as in the cases before mentioned, the entire responsibility for these conditions rested upon the people of those nations.

Their fall was not caused by the inroads of other powers.

Greece was firm in her opposition to the invading Persians.

Disunited as she may have been at other times, there was no dissension at Marathon, Themopylae and Plataea.

There her sons stood strong and steadfast, fighting to the death to preserve their nation; there they fell, covered with a glory which time but renders brighter;

and their praises are sounded down the corridors of time with a zest and an enthusiasm which speak volumes for their heroism.

But all this did not save Greece from her fate.

The very independence of the Greeks degenerated into tyranny, and their bravery into bloodthirstiness.

Division occurred;

civil war, that greatest of all evils, ensued;

and Greece was united Greece no more.

Her mercenary soldiers held themselves in readiness for the call, not of patriotism, but of gold; her states, rent asunder and dispersed in interests, lay helpless; and that which had been so bitterly opposed to the Geeeks, a monarchy, came about by their own instrumentality, when Philip and his great son, Alexander, conquered the disaffected factions and made all Greece subservient to their will.

Since that time Greece has been a nation only in memory.

Instances of a similar character might be cited from the history ofmany nations, but it is time our conclusions were drawn from what has been said, as further citations would be but repetition.

The nations whose history has been reviewed, remained strong only so long as the interests of the various classes of society were inter-dependent They remained intact only while corruption and bribery

THE FAMOUS BUG FAMILY.

were excluded from their affairs, political and military:

As soon, however, as class distinction became prevalent, and the various classes contemned and antagonized one another, the union they had before enjoyed was dissolved, and this was the first step to decay.

But when the people's sense of justice and patriotism became so depraved that they could sell their swords to their former enemies, and contend against their countrymen, their national character was gone, and the days of their empire were numbered.

These causes, then, outside ot the punishment inflicted upon the nations by an angry God, have been sufficient to overthrow many stable governments, thus demonstrating upon what a slight tenure a merely human government holds its majesty and power.

What, then, are the benefits of the study of history?

In what way does it affect our individual and national character?

The answer would seem to be patent to all.

One cannot read of the noble traits of the Egyptian, the Babylonian, the Grecian, or the Roman character, without becoming imbued with a desire to emulate such, and this desire always bears its legitimate fruit in the actions of the individual.

So also with the converse.

By reading of the causes of these nations'decay and downfall, one may educate himself to the realization of his duties as a citizen, and to the proper performance of such.

The nation is made up of individuals, and if each of these has made the subject of history a thorough study, and is careful to regulate his actions by the knowledge thus gained, that nation is not far from perfection.

But the study of history must be accompanied and regulated by prayer, earnest and fervent, in order that its best results may be realized.

God has a hand in the affairs of nations.

His ruling and controlling hand is over all.

He has decreed the birth, the growth, and the decay of nations, all of which have taken place and shall take place in accordance with unchangeable laws.

And He has told us what events shall precede the fall of nations, as well as the indications which shall accompany their prosperity.

The words of God to the brother of Jared concerning the occupancy of this land, are applicable in some degree to all nations under heaven. "Whatsoever nation shall possess this land shall serve God, or they shall be swept off when the fullness of his wrath shall come upon them.

And the fullness of his wrath cometh upon them when they are ripened in iniquity."

Impressive words;

words of retrospect and of prophecy; words that should be taken to heart by every man who feels a patriotic interest in our glorious country.

There remains but little more to be said.

In conclusion let me say that the study of history is fruitful to the earnest student. Its fruit is sweet, its results glorious.

By its prayerful pursuit, the mind is enlightened and its actions disciplined.

Its beneficial results will be seen in the increased nobility of character and rectitude of action seen in him who has studied such traits in the character of others. Longfellow says:

"Lives of great men all remind us

We can make our lives sublime,

And, departing, leave behind us

Footprints on the sands of time.

Footprints that perhaps another,

Sailing o'er life's solemn main,

A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,

Seeing, may take heart again."

Hystaspes.

THE FAMOUS BUG FAMILY.

In popular language, the term "Bug"enjoys a very extended application.

Indeed, almost all orders of insects, with the possible exception ot lepidoptera, including butterflies and moths, are in some parts commonly known as bugs;

and the most persevering and unassuming of entomologists, is apt to be dubbed a "bug-hunter."Properly speaking, the name bug belongs to certain insects of the order hemiptera, or "half-winged"creatures, so called because in many in-

IOO

THF FAMO IS /."(; FAMILY.

Fie.

i.

stances the front wings are not of the same texture throughout, the usual occurrence being a membranous wingtip, with the other part thick and tough.

A tolerably constant feature of bug anatomy lies in the peculiar structure of the mouth parts, which are prolonged so as to form a beak well adapted for suction.

Usually the beak consists of an upper lip or labrum, and a lower lip;

between these are four thread-like organs, serving as perforating instruments.

Bugs live mainly upon the juices of plants, which they can readily obtain by means of their suction apparatus.

Avoiding all detailed and technical systems of insect classification, as unnecessary to our present object, we will content ourselves with considering a few from each of the divisions air-bugs and water-bugs.

The former class were once known as land-bugs {geocoridce), but as many of them do not live upon the ground, preferring to reside on the water, though not beneath its surface, the term a\r-bugs(aurocoridae)\s more appropriate.

Let us begin with the interesting creature known as the bed bug, or commonly as the bug simply.

An outline sketch of this familiar insect is given in figure i.

The wings of the bedbug are rudimentary;

their position being usually marked by projecting scales only.

The body of the bug is generally flat;

because of this characteristic the insect can creep into very narrow crevices.

In outline the body of the bug is oval, in length about one fifth of an inch;

its color is brown.

The juices of its body possess a very disagreeable odor;

to some people indeed this is positively nauseating.

The eggs (figure 2, highly magnified) are very small;

and are covered with a sticky varnish by which they are held to the object upon which they are laid.

A female bed-bug ordinarily lays about two hundred eggs a year;

in] four separate broods.

The young are hatched in about three weeks from the time the eggs are laid.

At first the baby-bugs are scarcely large enough to be seen with the unaided eye;

and the parency of Fig. 3- transtheir bodies adds to the difficulty of perceiving them Bedbugs live in crevices of floors, walls, and furniture;

in beds, and paper-hangings.

Popular prejudice has been aroused against the little creatures, and many people look upon them as bloodthirsty beasts, whereas in truth they are almost defenseless, and many of them never taste human blood.

The natural food of the bed-bug is probably plant juices; indeed some entomologists claim that the insect procures nourishment even from the dried wood of manufactured furniture.

For ridding a house of b e d-b u gs, vaporous insecticides alone are valuable.

Sulphur d r ox ide, produ ced by burning sulphur in an open vessel in the apartment to be fumigated, is surely destructive to all insect life, if the process be properly conducted.

As usually employed, however, the sulphur treatment is apt to be a failFig:

4.

THE FAMOUS BUG FAMILY.

Fie. 6.

ure. Not less than two pounds of sulphur should be^burned for each thousand cubic feet of space;

all openings into the room should be securely closed; even the doorcracks and keyhole should be stopped;

and the room should be left unopened for fully twenty four hours.

The various preparations known as P us sian insect powders are good for this purpose.

Some powders give better results if burned in the i ooms. A very different insect, yet belonging to the hemiptera or bug family, is the cicada, commonly called the harvest-fly, and sometimes though very inappropriately the locust.

It is among the largest of our common bugs.

The general appearance of the insect is shown in figure 3.

[-Numbers of them may be taken in our fields during the months of July and August.

A species slightly different from the common insect of the class is the red-eyed cicada or "seventeen year locust, "a sketch of which is given in figure 4.

The name "seventeen year locust"has been applied to these insects from the belief that they pass seventeen summers in the larval state, during which time they feed upon the roots of plants.

In consequence '^of this period of their immature existence, the adult insects appear once in seventeen years in any place in which they have become established.

Prof.

Riley, the entomologist of the Government Department of Agriculture, has shown that a variety of cicada appears in the southern Fig.

7.

states once in thirteen years.

The eggs of the cicada are deposited in grooves cut by the female for this purpose, in the trunks and branches of trees.

Figure 5 shows in reduced size, a pair of such groves, with the eggs arranged within.

Figure Fig. 8.

represents the larva of cicada, in general appearance it is a white grub. As a pupa (figure 7) the creature is still active and voracious, living upon the roots of plants.

It is the male adult cicada that produces the peculiar buzzing sound so familiar to us as the "song of the harvestfly."

The noise is caused by the movements of a pair of drum-like membranes, situated upon the abdomen of the male. The general form and situation of this musical apparatus is represented in figure 8.

The notes of the cicada l are shrill, and to our ears I discordant, yet among the Greeks of old, the sound was considered charming.

Indeed, the people of that nation kept these insects in cages, as people now keep sing'ng-birds, for musical companions.

The Athenians adopted the image of a cicada as their symbol of nobility of race; and the same figure appeared on the coinb? 01 the Locrians.

A familiar insect is the common squash bug (figure 9*1.

Its half membranous, half coriaceous wings are illustrative of the characteristics tnat give the name hemiptera to the order.

Like many of its allies, this bug evolves a very disagreeable odor.

It is aDun- j f dant in the month of June, large numbers congregrating upon squash vines.

A very interesting class of bugs are the plant lice or spiders.

The winged aphis is illustrated j in; figure 10, the wingless kind in figure tt, both sketches being highly Fig. 9.

magnified views.

The plant lice are abundant in most temperate and warmer climes.

The prevailing color is green, though yellowish brown and black kinds are known.

They are destructive to the plants upon which they live, boring as they do into the vegetable tissue, and sucking therefrom the juices.

The pretty

Till-: FAMOUS lil'C FA MIL).

little "lady-bird"beetle is one of the natural enemies of the aphides, destroying them in great number.

An ordinary magnifying glass will reveal upon the posterior part of the body of the aphis, a pair of protruding tubes.

V Fig.

10.

Through these pipes a quantity of a sweet liquid known as honey-dew is exuded.

The leaves of a shrub infested with aphides will often present a varnished appearance from the honeydew with which they are covered.

Ants are very fond of this product, and it is said they will capture Fi S- "and protect the aphides for the sake of the honeydew.

Fig. 12 shows a magnified view of an ant engaged in "milking"an aphis.

A curious group of insects are the.

. w o o 1 y - b o d i e d v plant lice, so named ( I from a remarkable ff covering which invests their whole bodies, closely resembling cotton wool.

This wooly coat renders the body light, in comparison with its size, so that the little bundle can be carried through the air, as a feather is wafted from place to place.

Many interesting forms of bug life are found among the plant-hoppers, of whicli figure 13 represents a good example, viz., the leaf-hopper of the grape-vine, magnified several times.

The living insect is less than a quarter of an inch in length.

Figure is a sketch in natural size of the curiously shaped frog-hopper, quite common in our orchards during the summer months.

These insects are called hoppers from their power of making long leaps: indeed some of them will jump several hundred times their own length.

Some of them, the froghopper among the number, are called "froth-hoppers,"and in England "cuckoo-spittles,"on account of the frothy liquid with which they are surrounded during a great part of their lives.

The popular Fig. 14.

names are due to the mistaken belief that the froth is the saliva of frogs or of birds.

Figure 15 represents one of the many water-skaters, frequently to be seen on the surface of streams and pools. This particular specimen is the Gerris:

it is a true air-bug, living on the surface ofthe water.

A closely related creature is the hydrometa stagnorwn (figure 16), belonging to the class of hydrometa or watermeasurers.

These are so named from their jerking movements, which make them seem to measure the distance over

Fig.

16.

which they pass.

In all of these the body is long and very slender; the under surface is covered with fine hairs, giving a velvety appearance.

In some the wings are well-developed, in others they are rudimentary.

The front legs are used in seizing prey.

THE FAMOUS BUG FAMILY.

Before leaving the class of aurocoridcs or air-bugs, we may well glance at the remarkablefic/gora or lantern fly (figure 17).

It is of tropical habit and a native of South America.

In shape it is very curious, mainly because of the very large and elongated head.

Its colors are yellow, greenish and black.

Among the most attractive of its many strange features is the power of emitting light, perhaps in a way analogous to the production of phosphorescence by our fire-flies and glow-worms.

Figuier thus refers to the effect of the lantern flies: "What a marvellous spectacle must the rich valleys of

Guiana present, when in the stillness of the night, the air is filled with living torches; when, the fulgoras flying about in space, the flashes of fire cross each other, go out, and blaze up again; shine brightly, and then die out, and present,- on a calm evening, the appearance of those lightning flashes which are usually seen only in the midst of a tempest!"

Among the hydrocoridcs or water-bugs we may pause to consider but two exditches.

It is an active voracious creature; eagerly seizing and devouring any aquatic animals of small size, and as a Safci^OTV Fig.

17.

amples. Let us glance first at the curious ranatra (figure 18), specimens of which may be found in stagnant water and rule fighting any obstacle to its progress.

Its wings are laid close to the body, but they are serviceable when the insect leaves the water.

The water scorpion [nepa cinered] is shown in figure 19.

The body of this insect is flattened, and in outline oval. The front pair of legs are so shaped as to fit them for seizing and holding prey.

The posterior of the body is provided with two long bristles;

these are tubular, and serve the animal for purposes of respiration.

The water scorpion is slow in movement and sluggish in habit.

When lying at rest in the water it looks not unlike a dead leaf.

These are but a few of the many species of our common hemiptera or bugs proper.

J. E. Talmage.

Whom the heart of man shuts out, straightway the heart of God takes in.

THE COBBLER'S NEW YEAR.

I see him before me.

It's old Ivan, the Russian qpbbler of the Thirteenth Ward.

Well, I know him as well as the shoes he patched for me, and the boots he soled.

There he is sitting, or rather nestling all the livelong day, in his little wooden shanty at the street corner, squatting on a worm-eaten tripod, as shaky as that of many an editor, before him a rude table with old-country tools of—say the times of his imperial namesake, the Cruel.

His garb has none of the ermine or mink of the Steppes;

his raiments is tatters and rags.

Deep furrows are crossing his face all over.

Hardly seeing or recognizing anything through his timestained eye-glasses, bent over like an age-bowed and sapless tree, he keeps on toiling and toiling, moving to and fro his half-bared, bony arms.

When in the morning (not every morning, though the municipal contract calls for it) the sprinkling-cart driver comes along with his vehicle, the contents of which spurt through the open bung hole, and cries a hearty, "Good morning! Daddy,"he awakens from his drowse and nods with speechless response.

And when the rich grocer, on whose ground and charity the poor despised cobbler runs his little shop, opens his shutters and basks in the light of the half rotten oranges and the fragrance of the wilting vegetables, the humble tenant nods again his silent morning salutation and returns, like a snail into his shell, into the almost solemn tranquillity of his self-absorbing isolation;

for he has fulfilled the duties of his homage.

Now he is one with his awl again and his twine encompasses both his soul and that of his customer.

His hands will tremble now and then, ever and anon the steel blue rings around his half-blind eyes will assume a deeper hue, and a pensive sadness enwraps the solitary toiler.

His is the best known personality in the street.

Only the local contingent of the "Terrors of America"have as "holy a horror"of the uncouth foreigner as their youthful energies will permit; they dare not intrude upon his isolation, hedged about by the invisible barrier of an unknown tragedy.

Why, the mothers would use poor, harmless, old Ivan as the mothers of the Gracchi used the terrifying reminiscence of Hannibal:

"If you won't mind I'll take you to Ivan,"say they—and the lads and the lasses will "mind."And when two neighbors—the butcher on Cleveland avenue and the meat market man across the street are in red hot competitions eoloric, the direst invective is, "May you fare as old Ivan,"and that is a "poser."Indeed old Ivan is poor and miserable;

but there were times when he was happy in spite of his poverty and his misery.

A few years ago (before the electric street cars ran) he was a happy man.

A few years ago he had his little Ivanovitch, his dear Ivanovitch.

How he loved him, loved him above all the world!

Whatever germs of affection could sprout in his almost petrified heart would blossom out of his warmed bosom for the little one. He would toil more than ever;

for had he not his little Ivanovitch to feed and to clothe?

And when all the toiling and patching and soling and pegging and sewing and stitching did not bring in enough for a meal for two, what then?

Little Ivanovitch had to eat, had he not?

And old Ivan, did he not feed on the ease and joy and rosy chee.ks of the only living being the old cobbler loved, yea, knew?

It was on a dun, nebulous morning—

a day bleak as Ivan's whole life-day was destined to be—that Ivanovitch was ushered into this world.

Poor little thing!

He could not help it, nor the sad fate of his mother going wrong, being lost and perishing.

Could he?

Thus our Ivanovitch grew up without maternal nursing or training. The street was his cradle, and there was enough rocking for the semi-waif.

And the same street was to be his rocky coffin too.

But wait a little while for that, it will come soon enough.

There were two objects that Ivanovitch had enshrined, as his grandfather had the jewels of the Blessed Mother of Christ at

Kasan;

his father and his books.

How

THE COBBLER'S NEW YEAR.

happy the dark-locked though unkempt lad was when one of his schoolmates loaned him a book.

To read it?

Oh, no.

He would derive ecstatic joy from merely gazing at the large printed leaves.

How delighted he would have been to know what they were telling.

But little chance he had to indulge in such raptures.

Only nine years was his claim on a three-score-and-ten life lease when he had to face life's stern realities and harsh duties.

It became his labor to take the mended footgear to the customers and then, when he had a few coppers given him, he was the happiest of humans.

Did he buy candies or toys?

Not he.

In secret, when old Ivan was not looking, he would huddle around to the stocking, which served as a purse, and drop his few coppers into its, alack too capacious depth.

"Why What's the matter?"old Ivan would exclaim of an.evening, when he'd find more coppers than his Crispin craft had brought him in through the day.

"How's that!"And Ivanovitch would keep the silence of a Sphinx and the goodness of an angel and "snicker,"yes, snicker to himself in childish glee—for wasn't that a good trick, a precocious prank to play on his father?

For the old man could not account for the discrepancy;

in fact, he did not really know whether there was an unaccountable surplus or an unaccounted for deficit.

Thus—did Ivan ever forget it?

the writer never did—Ivanovitch was just about to smuggle a few more coppers into the family treasury, unseen, as he thought, when Ivan happened to turn about and see the lad fumbling, as it appeared in the stocking. Thunder-struck, the grey-haired man fell back.

Poor he was, he knew it, and almost got reconciled to that fact or condition.

But that Ivanovitch, his only solace, hitherto, should turn out to be a thief! What an outraging culmination of mocking Fate His Muscovite blood went boiling as in a seething caldron.

Losing all control of himself, with bloodshot eye, rage in his uplifted arm, he rushed on the quivering lad.

"Tell the truth!"Almost terrified but unabashed, the little fellow told the truth of the errands and the coppers and the stocking.

"Bless the Holy Mother of Kasan!"prayed Ivan.

His arm fell, his tears dropped, and his bosom heaved with Ivanovitch's breast fluttering against it as the breast of a scared bird.

Ivan, the cobbler, had his small private passion. We all have some passion.

He was an ardent smoker.

Smoke he must, though he did not touch his native vodki.

To get enough to smoke on he would work an hour or two longer in the night.

Yes, three hours.

For tobacco brought in more profit to his big neighbor and landlord, the fat grocer with the gold watch and chain, than his cobbling brought Ivan.

But in the cerulean cloudlets of his incinerated weed he'd see visions Elysian before him.

One morning (another dun and nebulous one) the old man had twirled another cigarette of his common weed and was sighing into the blue, wee cloud ringlets:

"Oh, a little package of fine tobacco, that would be pleasure!"Ivanovitch sat opposite his father.

He said nothing;

he never said any-, thing unless he was asked directly.

But he was inspired, as it were, to think;

and he thought.

From that moment on he no longer deposited the coppers, that he gathered on his errands, in the old stocking.

No, he was his own treasurer. Poor lad! he had an independent financial idea.

He put his own coppers up by themselves, one by one, copper after copper.

How long, how everlastingly, how almost eternally long it took him to gather, at last, a treasure of a dollar.

A dollar Why, a fortune!

Now, let any one of his mates (neither schoolmates nor playmates, still less, hadhe)cometohim; would he notstep up, look proudly at them and ask: "Who are you?

What do you want?

Have you a dollar anyhow?"But no mate came.

So he started to execute his plan, for he feared he might lose his money (oh, the many heavy coppers!) or be tempted into squandering it for toys and knickknacks.

On his

io6 THE COBBLER'S'NEW YEAR.

return home he was passing along Main street.

Going along he took his time and a good look at the show windows, for he was on the search after something.

Arrived at the dazzling display of a toy shop he was fascinated, rooted to the ground, almost entranced.

"Oh, the marbles, the dolls, the tin soldiers, the balls, the tops, the harps, how pretty!

Just like the butcher's son's across the corner."Tears of tempting desire welled from his steel-blue eyes.

But wasn't he out to get something for his father, on this New Year's Eve?

"Shame, Ivanovitch!"he said to his own abashed little self and he went to the corner where a big wooden Indian was swinging (imaginably) an equally wooden tomahawk.

There he bought two packages of fine, very fine tobacco, put them cautiously in an inside pocket of his only half-patched jacket that had never felt as warm as now, and ran, yes ran down home in one breath, so to speak for mightn't a robber come and deprive him of his treasure?

And when he got home, he took his tin box, long held in readiness, put the tobacco into it and buried the whole in the backyard.

"Only till to-morrow, till New Year's,"he murmured in anticipatory glee over the morrow's surprise to his father, his savior and his summum bonum.

New Year's!

The bells tolled.

The sleigh-bells jingled.

What a golden brilliancy over the silver-white snow on the roofs of the rich and the walks of the poor!

Ivan and Ivanovitch had been to the only church where, although twelve days ahead of their national calendar, they could offer the humble worship of their devout souls on the opening of another year of grace.

The old cobbler was mentally calculating how much his last year's savings would advance him in the year ushered in.

Maybe he could rent a larger shop and take in a journeyman to assist in disposing of the increasing custom.

Ivanovitch, the little rogue, was almost smiling on his rosy lips that lent a cheery glow to his brown skin.

He thought of the surprise of his father when he would find the fine Turkish tobacco for his cigarettes.

Oh, how pretty the wee, blue, cloud ringlets would curl up and make a fairy realm of the poor, dingy cobbler's hovel!

And Ivanovitch would be so happy, much happier than the butcher's fat boy with all his toys.

"Oh, heavens See!""Poor lad!""Dead, for sure!""Who's the poor chap, anyhow?""Send for the doctor.""Where's the ambulance?

Quick, quick, the child's dying!"Dying he was.

Poor little Ivanovitch The "noble"team of an aristocratic outfit had long turned around the next corner, leaving a bloody track behind, when old Ivan was still leaning, sobbing, crying, wailing over the maimed body of his Ivanovitch, his son, his family, his all, his hope, his love, his faith.

Mangled by a gilt turnout, in whose roadway the little waif had strayed in one unobserved second.

"Ivanovitch Ivanski Ivanutchi l"And other endearments, other heartrending cries came from the poor old man's blanched lips, the feverish dryness of which was relieved only by the moisture that trickled from the eyes whose light was going out, going out before his feet, in his grasp, under the merciless shadow of death.

"Ivanovitch!""In the backyard—two of them—Turkey—tin box—buried—kiss me—"and the eyes closed and the lips trembled no longer.

The light had gone out.

"He's getting crazy,"said the bystanders who witnessed the father's frantic desperation, and finally succeeded in removing both the living and the dead to their old home.

Home Crazy?

No Ivan did not turn crazy, neither did he die.

Fate had decreed to torture him still more.

Poor, poor Ivan

CPOSS PEOPLE.

I see him again, this New Year's morning, many years after the terrible accident.

He is still there in the same old shanty, toiling and laboring, stitching and patching, sighing and nodding—but no longer smoking.

But now and then he stops in his work, takes from the pocket of his breast (the one that a dear head lay bleeding and dying against) two packages of tobacco, "fine, Turkey tobacco."These he inspects musingly, yea lovingly all over, all around.

He holds them to the light of the sun and to the dim ray of his candle.

He kisses them and then puts them back with a reverential slowness and stillness that could not be surpassed, were he handling >the precious relics in the jeweled shrine of the Blessed Mother at Kasan.

And when he sees horses he clenches his hands into furious fists and mumbles unintelligible words in the hoary stubble beard, which has been free of tobacco ashes or smoke since that New Year's morn on Main street.

And no children dare come near him.

If they approach, his face assumes hideous contortions and he grins as demented. A grin of sardonic hatred? Oh no, of love turned outside in, of honey curdled to gall.

Ivanovitch is no longer.

What!

shall Ivan linger?

And yet, this New Year's morn he is not quite crazy, he is not quite dead.

Poor old cobbler Leo Haefeli.

CROSS PEOPLE.

"I believe,"exclaimed a bright woman one day, "that I would rather have a really wicked person in the house, if he would only be good-natured, than to live with the best one who was cross."

This was extreme, but any one who has ever endured the society of an irritable companion for many days will feel a sympathy with even this strong statement.

Such a companion is a species of torture.

It sometimes seems as though almost every duty were more forcibly impressed upon the young than the duty of amiability.

In many quarters this virtue «e absolutely at a disadvantage.

The cross ones are likely to get a reputation for greater ability than the pleasant ones.

"Fools,"we are told, "are always amiable."We plead for a reform, and so plead everybody who happened to be in a certain house in an inland town, where a handsome and fashionable young woman was stopping with an aunt, who had every claim upon her tenderest consideration.

"Are you going out to the cliff?"the young woman would demand of her aunt.

"I don't know yet,"the aunt would respond wearily.

"Oh dear, I wish you could ever make up your mind! "the niece would fret.

"But I must wait and see how I feel after my dinner,"the invalid aunt would protest.

"If it wasn't that, it would be something else,"the niece would exclaim, petulantly.

"You're always waiting, always undecided.

I get sick of it The aunt bore her young charge's (or superintendent's) vagaries almost too sweetly; but the hateful little bicker and impudence of the latter were unendurable to the outside listeners, before whom she took no pains to control herself.

Yet this young girl was a member of the church.

She would not have lifted her hand against her aunt, yet she gave her daily worse insults than a physical blow.

"The blow a glove gives is but weak.

Does the mark yet discolor the cheek?

But when the heart suffers a blow

Will the pain pass as soon, doyou know f"

It is a woman that the poets are always giving praise for their ability.

It was a woman to whom belonged those "Sweet lips whereon perpetually did reign

The summer calm of golden charity."But it is doubtful whether women are really so equable as men.

Xantippe and poor Rip's wife are types of a very large class.

It is reasonable to expect that women should be less amiable than men.

Emerson says, "All healthy things are sweettempered.''

It is only within a few years that women have begun, as a class, to take proper care of their health.

Even now they are not expert in the art, and more than half our women are semi-in-

I OS

SCANDINA VIA.

valids.

A woman's mode of dress, her diet, her in-door and monotonous life, have all been against her.

Women are more conscientious than men.

They ought to have more principle about keeping a pleasant face on; but when the whole nervous system is ajar from insufficient nourishment and close air, an angel could not always keep her temper.

It was only she who "felt so pretty and so pleased all day "who "could not take the trouble to be cross."When one is baffled and thwarted all day.

crossness becomes a luxury that most women are too prone to indulge in.

But oh, how it spoils and degrades family life "See a word, how it severeth Oh, power of life and death In the tongue, that the Preacher saith

We may not all of us be able to cultivate the highest virtues—constancy, generosity, magnanimity—but we can all keep a civil tongue for those around us, and put on a pleasant expression if we try.

Amiability has been pooh-poohed at too long.

It is the source of more comfort and pleasure in any home in which it is practiced than many a more vaunted virtue.

"The music that can deepest reach

And cure all ills is cordial speech."By all means let us have more of it in our homes.

SCANDINAVIA.

The Gospel has been the means of so nearly eradicating the lines of nationality among the Saints that the young people in Zion scarcely know that there are two, practically three, nations in Scandinavia—Denmark, and Norway and Sweden.

It is generally understood that these kingdoms are very closely allied in all their state, commercial and social intercourse, but such a view is materially modified when the actual conditions are learned.

In state affairs, Denmark and Sweden have nothing in common, the only resemblance being that they are both limited kingdoms, and as such are governed much on a similar plan.

Norway acknowledges the Swedish King, and pays him certain tribute, but in all other affairs is perfectly independent, so much so that it would not be inappropriate to call it a republic in a kingdom.

It has its own flag, its own money, its own laws, and its own government.

In commercial affairs, it is true, the countries engage in considerable traffic with each other, but all articles of commerce passing from one to the other are treated as if they came from America, England, Germany, or any other foreign country.

Passengers from Denmark are required to have heir effects inspected by the Swedish custom officers as if they came from the most distant parts of the globe, and vice versa.

This is likewise the case, strange to say, with passengers between Norway and Sweden, regardless of the fact that both are under the dominion of

Oscar II, who is the king of Norway and

Sweden, in Norway, and the king of Sweden and Norway in Sweden.

The money of the three political divisions passes current in any of them, but the money of Sweden and Norway is only worth ninty-nine and three-fourths per cent, in Danish exchange, and so conversely.

Only a little of one nation's money is in use in the other, and once there, soon finds it's way back again.

In social affairs no greater affiliation exists than between other nations. Sweden rather leans to the adoption of French ways, evidently because its ruling house is of French descent, as witness the comparatively recent adoption, in that country, of the Metric system of weights and measures; while Denmark rather fashions after German methods, owing, doubtless, to reasons that might be traced to intermarriage in the royal families.

The language in each of the three •Duntries, is remarkably distinct and free from mixtures with the languages of the others, notwithstanding there is a wide

SCANDINA VIA.

variety of dialects within each country itself, so much so that people from one part can scarcely be understood in another.

It might be said that one may hear the various changes in Danish from

North Jutland to Copenhagen, and listen to Norwegian as spoken in Christiania, Trondhjem and in the • mixed-German Bergen, also to the worst Skane or southern Swedish, and to the best as spoken in

Goteborg and Stockholm, or hear the different varieties ofSwedish from Upsala to Ystad, and yet not hear anything quite like the mixture which is called Danish, Norwegian and Swedish in Utah.

The area of these lands is small, but the diversity in customs and habits is great, while the scenery is interesting in its many beauties and changes.

These old countries not only abound in old customs, and in beautiful natural scenery; but the people have many peculiarities and traditions in religious mnd social life that lend a fascinating romance to the study of their lives and homes.

In many parts of Denmark and in southern Sweden, landlordism holds the poorer classes to a state of servitude, little, if any better than actual slavery.

In central Sweden the people are more independent, living mostly on their own lands and in their own homes.

They cultivate small patches of ground, their farms being often among the rocks, on side hills which, farther up, are covered with dark groves of pine.

The landlord evil exists more or less in all three of these countries, but mostly, of course, in the rich farming districts of Denmark and southern Sweden.

Norway has the least of this evil to contend with, and the people here are doubtless the freest among the Scandinavians. The wild nature of their surroundings seems to have inspired them with the spirit of liberty which broods over their glens and fjords and thousand pine- decked hills.

Were it not that women work at all outdoor vocations, and assist in the heaviest drudgery, as indeed is the case in other lands also, the traveler would scarcely know that he was not in an American community.

The Norwegians are plain, out-spoken and jolly;

the Danes are polite in their manners, but more reserved, and less easy to understand;

the southern Swedes are melancholy, while among them in the central and northern parts there is a spirit of happiness and rural contentment seldom witnessed anywhere else;

all are courteous, kind, hospitable and honest.

Among the 'middle and higher classes the intelligence, bearing, dress, appearance and manners if anything exceed the similar characteristics in the best American society.

In physical structure the Scandinavians are a hardy and well-built race.

American women may be more beautiful, but in color and strength they do not compare favorably with the daughters of the north.

People here are never in a hurry, and appear always to select the longest and safest way to accomplish anything. Never cut a corner if you can go around, seems to be a universal motto here, especially with the working classes.

Don't use steam if you can use horses, or horses if you can get oxen, or either if man power will serve the purpose.

So we witness the novel sight, at railway stations, of horses switching freight cars; and men loading luggage on two-wheeled carts and transporting it by hand to any part of the city; and men driving piles at wharfs with mallets which are raised and lowered to the accents of peculiar songs.

Large pile-drivers are often operated by ten or twelve men whose ropes are attached to the weight which is raised and lowered to the time of the long drawn accents of the work-song in which they all join.

When large stones for. the foundations of buildings are placed in position, they are often moved by men who sing as they lift.

The soberness with which all this is done is not the least amusing feature about it.

Everything, from a stone wall to a seven story building, is done on a safe basis, and the time it takes to do it is the least consideration.

The most careful precautions are taken to have scaffolding for buildings strong and safe.

The building materials are generally carried by hand up flights of ladders, instead of being hoisted by elevators.

There is an air of completeness and a solidity in all things

1 io SCANDINAVIA.

sucli as one never sees in America.

On the farm every furrow is straight, every drain is clean and finished, everything is in its place, and the whole presents an appearance indicating that nothing further can be done to make it the model that it is.

The cities are well governed, clean and quiet; the bustle and tumult invariably seen in our country and in England is never witnessed here.

The streets are free from bootblacks, hotel and hackrunners, tramps, rags and misery, such as England, Chicago and New York abound in.

Business is couducted on a smaller scale than with us. Generally only the lower story of a building is used for trade, the remaining stories being tenanted.

The railroads are much like those in England, the bells, cowcatchers, and. palace cars of America, are unknown here.

As a rule there are no platforms to the cars, the doors being fixed on the sides, each with a window, which lets down much like a street car window.

Each coupe"or apartment seats from eight to ten persons, who are fastened in at each station, and must remain until the doors are opened for them at the next.

The conductors gather the tickets at the station, or on the journey, by moving on a plank fastened on the outside of the cars.

It is very amusing to see a conductor, while the train is in motion, suddenly thrust his head through the window of the door and ask for fares.

Familiar with the politeness of the average conductor in the west, it is equally amusing to hear him thank the passengers for the trouble he has put them to, as he returns the tickets.

The conductor's duties are now mostly performed at the stations.

The cars are lighted by oil or candles, let down in holders through the roof of the cars.

One road, leading from Helsingborg to GOteborg, in Sweden, is built and operated on the American plan, with all the modern conveniences and arrangements, the cars on this line being lighted by electricity; and as new roads are constructed, these improvements are generally introduced.

The railroad stations in these countries are models in style, neatness and conven"ience,very much unlike the rolling stock;

and the road-beds, grades and safety arrangements are excellent.

The perfect security with which satchels and traveling effects may be left on benches, at the stations or in the cars, is astonishing to Americans, and it would dumbfound the station and baggage masters in New York or Chicago, where the poor passengers are lucky if they escape being carried away by runners, cabmen, and thieves, body, baggage and all.

Having said so much by way of general introduction, let us, before entering upon any particular theme or description, take a hasty view of the geographical features of Sweden.

A glance at the map will show that the greater part of the large northern peninsula belongs to this political division.

It has an area of about one hundred and eighty-nine thousand nine hundred and thirty*four square miles, out of which the inland seas cover an area of about fifteen thousand four hundred and eighty-four square miles.

A very small portion of Sweden lies in the circle of everlasting snows.

The altitude of the whole land is low; the highest being near the mountains that separate Norway from

Sweden, and is only about two thousand feet, while nearly two-thirds of the country reaches only about eight hundred, and one-third three hundred feet above the sea level.

From the mountains in the west there is a gradual slope to the central part of the land in which are found the inland lakes, Venern and Vettern, in which the great rivers from the north-west empty their waters.

There is a highland in the north which directs the large rivers of Norrland into the Baltic, and a similar one in the south with low land in the center of the country.

Oland and Gotland are islands to the east, and the Baltic as well as the Cattegat coast is cut into by many bays, forming innumerable small and lovely islands, having rocky shores which protect the land from the invasion of fleets, and from the eternal wash of the restless seas.

Sweden is the land of lakes and rivers.

The pretty, clear, mirror-kke lakes, that lie nestled here and there among the wooded

THE MISTLETOE.

Ill hills; the rivulets that dance forth to the level where the meadows spread to view their many-colored flowers or the ryefields rock their gold in the sun; the long large rivers that tumble over many a grey stone in search of the sea, or dash over the huge cliffs that form glorious waterfalls;

constitute the leading and most beautiful characteristic of the Swedish landscape.

There are several water systems—that whose rivers, rising in the Kolen, or the mountains between Sweden and Norway, flow to the North Baltic;

the Malare system whose outlet waters wash the walls of the Swedish capital, and right in the center of Stockholm unite the waters of Lake Malaren with those of the

Baltic; and the central lake system whose outlet to Cattegat, Gfltaelfven, forms the world-renowned water flails of Trollhattan.

There are ten thous and streams and brooks and rivulets everywhere, gliding around in the valleys where the red-painted peasant houses peep out.of the dark foliage of the woods, or where the village church, with its ponderous white tower, is mirrored in the still waters—the whole making the scenery of Sweden as delightful as could be desired by the most enthusiastic admirer of nature.

While Sweden is not a large country, its area being only twice as great as that of Utah, yet its population closely approaches jive millions, it having steadily increased, according to the latest statistics, since 1750, when in round numbers it was one million:

in 1800, when it was two millions;

1840, three millions;

in 1870, four millions, and until 1S80 when the population was four millions, five hundred and sixty-five thousand six hundred and sixty-eight.

The country is divided into three principal parts known as Gflteland, the southern part;

Svealand, the central part; andNorrland, the northern part.

These divisions are subdivided into twenty-four Ian corresponding to comities.

The population is composed almost entirely of Swedes.

Near the borders of Russia, and scattered here and there in Dalarne are about sixteen thousand Finns, and farther north, in a district called 'Lappland, are a remnant (about 6000) of nomadic Lapps, who still wander around from place to place with their reindeer, driven to quarter, much like our Indians, by the persistent spread of civilization.

As in other countries of Scandinavia, the Lutheran religion is established by the state, and represents the faith of the greater portion of the population, although the religious freedom that exists has enabled other Christian denominations to establish themselves to a limited extent.

The Jews are said to number one thousand five hundred, and have adapted themselves as in other countries, in all other things than religion, to the prevailing language and customs.

There are some interesting features in the religion and worship of the Swedes, which practically includes also the popular education of the children, that will make an interesting topic for study.

The people are naturally an agricultural class, and it is conceded that in no other European country is the population of the cities so small, in comparison to the agricultural class, as in Sweden.

This can readily be understood when the whole population in is compared with the number of inhabitants in Stockholm and

Gflteborg, the two largest cities in the kingdom, which was then one hundred and sixty-eight thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and seventy-two thousand six hundred and eighty respectively;

it is now about two hundred and forty thousand and one hundred thousand resectively.

Besides agriculture, other occupations are timber culture, mining, fishing, hunting, manufacture, and commerce on land and water.

Some of the largest iron and copper mines in the old world are operated in northern Sweden, and the timber region covers ten thousand wooded hills, stretching over an area of more than seventy-three thousand square miles.

Edward H. Anderson.

THE MISTLETOE.

The legend of the mistletoe is an inheritance from the religion of the Druids.

The cathedral arches under which the Celts worshipped were the spreading branches of the oak, the roof a dense

./ r/s/ox of hi:.

1 /; v.

foliage of greenery, and the mistletoe, the mystical parasite of the tree, was a symbol full of meaning, for it was believed to renew its life by some agency differing from that which propagated all other plants, and to exist by a Divine power.

Here, under the oak, the favorite tree of the Celtic sun-god, at the period of the winter-solstice, priests and people sacrificed white bulls and human victims.

The mistletoe was gathered and dispensed in small sprays, to be hung by the worshippers over their doors as amulets against evil and propitiation to the sylvan deities.

The Scandinavian legend of the mistletoe, which tells the story how Loki, the god of fire, made the mistletoe the agent of the death of Balder, most glorious of Odin's children, is familiar to all students of the Norse sagas.

The mistletoe continues to. be specially cultivated in England for the sale which is always large at Christmastide, but the apple-tree has taken the place of the oak, as the soil on which the plant feeds the most generously.

The kissing privilege connected with the mistletoe during the days of yule is probably the most familiar relic of its traditions.

Both the yule fire and the mistletoe were of old believed to have special virtue as safeguards against the powers of evil; yet when they became thoroughly embodied in the Christian legend, it was not so much this as their suggestion of the divine power which at Christmas kept the Prince of Darkness and his satellites in abject submission, and gave them their value.

All readers of Shakspeare will remember the legend and its association with the crowing of the cock, as put in the mouth of Marcellus in Hamlet:

"It faded on the crowing of the cock.

Some say, that ever 'gainst that season comes

Wherein our Savior's birth was celebrated,

The bird of dawning singeth all night long:

And then, they say, no spirit can walk abroad;

The nights are wholesome;

then no planets strike, No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm,

So hallow'd and so gracious is the time."A VISION OF HEAVEN.

They sat together in the warm, sparking sand, the mother and the child.

The tiny golden head nestled against the protecting breast, the wan face lit by the evening sun;

the eyes were closed, and a smile parted the bloodless lips.

The maiden slept.

The mother watched beside her sleeping child, and—she scarce more than child herself—murmured a mother's prayer: "Lord Jesus, save my little girl!"

Again and again she repeated it.

"Save my little girl Softly she drew the threadbare tartan shawl round the slender frame.

Gentle as was the motion it roused the sleeper.

The great blue eyes opened.

"Did I wake ye Jeannie? ""No, no, mither, ye didna wake me;

I woke my ainsel.

I had a bonnie dream, mither.""Ay, dearie; what was it? ""Afore I went to sleep I was watch in'the ships wi'their white sails flittin'owre the water, an'I wondered whar they were a'gaun.

I looked, an'looked, an'looked, then I thought I was in a wee boatie, wi'white sails, too, mither.

They said it was gaun to heaven.

The sky was black owre my heid, an'great waves tossed my boatie to an'fro.

But far away the sun was glintin'on the water, and there were steps of gowd gaun up, up, up.

They said that was the way to heav'n.

Is't soo, mither?

Are ye list'nin'? ""Aye, aye, Jeannie, I'm list'nin to ye.""I sailed a lang, lang time.

I came nearer an'nearer the step.

I was a'most there, mither.

They said:

'Gae, Jeannie, an'ye'll no be tired ony mair.'I was gaun, but they said again;

'No, Jeannie, the next time.'Wasn't no a bonnie dream, mither?""My wee lamb."The mother pressed the frail form to her.

The golden head sank again drowsily "The next time."The sun set in crimson glory over the sands and sea; heavy purple night-clouds overshadowed the earth.

Ere the glory faded, the little maiden was far away on her journey up the golden stairs.

Still the mother watched and prayed:

"Lord Jesus, save my little girl Scottish-American.

BOYHOOD'S DAYS.

How pleasant are the memories of the past!

The many scenes of wild and boyish glee

When gathered we the ripe and falling mast

From walnut, hickory and chestnut tree.

The lake—whose waters still we used to cleave

With strong and spreading arm—whose depth profound We now explore—then up again to breathe

While merry laughter echoes all around!

The skating pond, the coasting down the hill, The winter spelling school—the quilting bee

Our rambles round the old and mossy mill:

Ah! we were happy as we well could be!

What tricks we played in school

How wrathful frowned The master, when a luckless ill-spelt note,

Directed to a giggling girl was found

By some great, awkward, idle youngster wrote

What punishment we sometimes used to suffer,

From birch—or placed between two laughing misses Who first would one side crowd, and then the other, Or cause our cheeks to burn with jeering kisses That punishment hath now its terror lost

As those may find who try it, to their cost.

Santiago.

THE LIFE OF LOVE.

When souls unite in marriage rite, And love is inspiration true;

"What joy or bliss, can equal this?"

Each asks the question, old but new.

Life swells supreme, a more than dream,

How real, its fluttering silken wings;

Each morn is bright, the silent night,

As Jove in rapture, soars and sings.

To youth, to age, this glowing page,

Is as a taste of worlds above;

A world so fair, no soul would dare,

To doubt its sweet undying love!

In human range of startling change,

This blooming sprite, oft droops and dies,

A word, a pout, the glow dies out,

Beyond recall, this priceless prize.

Should patience wait, by open gate,

Through which this treasure often flees;

'Tis doubtless true, indeed I know, Full oft the truant we might seize

A word of cheer, from one held dear,

Will fan the flame, will make it glow;

And oft a kiss, will keep the bliss,

From nipping frost and drifting snow

Love, ever warm, to keep from harm,

Must sheltered be beyond a chill;

Then it will dwell, if guarded well, In life or death; in triumph still.

If "God is Love,"we best can prove,

That kinship formed beyond the stars,

For love's full sway, in time's rough day,

The golden gate above unbars.

H. W. NaisbitL THE GIFT WE PRIZE.

If gift of gold were best for man's estate,

Did riches of the earth eternal freedom give,

Then with sudden sound would magic wand of

Fate, Ope long-locked treasure and bid all mortals "live For man's weak nature yearns for worldly lore

And opens wide to wealth, his heart's wroughtiron door.

But closed to Christ's great call to Wisdom's Feast, Man lingers far behind the Marriage train,

And chooses most what Heaven prizes least,

Thus losing hope of an eternal gain.

God's fiery trial must at that portal stay

Till stubborn iron bolts shall melt away.

Chas.

W. Stayner.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, January, 1891.

THE INDIAN MESSIAH.

The movement among the Indians is quite remarkable.

The announcement made by Porcupine, an Indian of prominence among the Cheyennes, that he had received a visitation from the Messiah, who appeared to him and others at a place near Walker Lake, Nevada, has produced a great sensation.

Porcupine's story, stripped of the garnishings which newspaper reporters, Catholic priests, post traders, subaltern army officers, and others who have purposely misrepresented it, appears to be one of the utmost importance to the Indian race.

He asserts that the burden of his heavenly visitor's message was to be peaceful; to look with faith to the coming of the Messiah, who would be the Indian's friend; to believe in the resurrection of the Indians and their regeneration; in the reign of millennial peace on the earth and the conversion of its surface and all its creatures to a condition that is heavenly.

He was promised that other messengers should come to the Indians, having power to heal their sick and to work miracles among them.

Within a few months, belief in this and similar manifestations of a supernatural character has spread from tribe to tribe with wonderful rapidity.

From British America to Mexico these tidings have been carried by swift footed messengers and a religious enthusiasm, never before witnessed among the Indians, has taken possession of them.

The "ghost-dance,"as it is called, is being celebrated in all the reservations and where permission is refused by the Government Agency officials, the Indians have withdrawn from the agencies that they might give expression in this dance to the awakened feelings, which they appear unable to control.

Aside from the necessary violation of agency restrictions, where the latter are interposed to prevent the dance, no movement of a warlike character has been made by Indians professing the new faith.

Not a word or intimation that they were to be marshaled for war with the whites has been given.

On the contrary, it is asserted by the Indians that their heavenly visitors declared that their enemies were to be swept oft by upheavals of nature, and that the Indians were not to shed their blood.

It is a most wonderful manifestation, breathing into the lives of these depraved people faith in the Lord, and the redemption of mankind teaching them that Christ, who was crucified, still lives and is watchful of them as well as of the white man; impelling them to improve their lives and prepare for the coming among them of a Savior; in a word, doing a work of conversion in a few weeks which an army of Christian missionaries could not accomplish in a generation.

Its effect will be observed with great interest.

It may demonstrate God's providence to be over the remnants of a fallen race, and His power to preserve and redeem them, by faith, from the low condition to which they have come.

Upon the question being asked one of the Elders what he thought of the manifestations among the Indians, he replied:

"I haven't much faith in most of the things I have heard; for instance, a squaw out in North Dakota claims to be the Virgin Mary, but one thing that seems to me to command a good deal of respect, if not faith, is this:

In New Mexico, it is said, among a tribe of the lowest and filthiest Indians in the territory, the new faith requires them to go into the river and bathe three times a day.

As cleanliness is next to Godliness, it looks as though the inspiration must be divine."The autobiography of Apostle Parley

P. Pratt has been so extensively circulated and read among our people, that we deem it unnecessary to break the narrative in the serial, "Life and Labors of Orson Pratt,"to introduce a biography of his brother.

The copy of the steel engraving, which we;'present as the frontispiece to the present number, is regarded as the

A VENGED.

most satisfactory likeness of Elder Pratt in existence.

"A Boys Town,"the accredited autobiography of the youth of William Dean Howells, Editor of Harpers magazine, is one of the cleverest books of its kind ever written.

If you would live your boyhood over again, with the enthusiasm of youth, tempered only by the light shading which a few years of the best experience might give it—experience which has developed the man but has not destroyed the boy—just follow Mr.

Howells through this charming volume, and you won't have to wait for old age to be "once a man and twice a child."

The Youth's Companion for promises to maintain its great lead among the Juveniles. The first "map of circulation,"that we remember to have seen, showed that about seventy copies were taken in Utah; now more than ten times that many are circulated here, and in the

United States, it has over four hundred thousand subscribers.

The most celebrated writers of the day, representing all ranks of life, regularly contribute to its pages.

AVENGED.

"Azrael, the Death Angel holds o'er all mankind From lisping babyhood to mumbling age,

The pall of death."The year of our Lord 1869, found Pioche, Nevada, attracting attention from the miners of the great west.

They had arrived in large numbers from Colorado and California.

The Hale and Norcross mine, and other promising claims, were fast developing, and Pioche was on the high road to a booming mining camp.

There was one drawback, however, and that was a scarcity of water.

The town lay in a gulch, high up among the hills.

No streams flowed near it and the only water obtainable was from some springs, located four miles from the town.

The water was hauled in and sold as milkmen sell milk.

A drink of water cost the same as a drink of whiskey.

Among the miners there was little water drunk, so long as the price of whiskey and water remained the same.

The men who owned the springs made as much money as the owners of the Hale and Norcross.

Six months previous to the opening of this narrative, on a rainy day towards the end of October, there appeared on the main street of Pioche, a wagon loaded with merchandise, and a carriage containing two men, a young woman and a baby.

And now on any day in the spring of "69 you might read on the principal street of Pioche, and, by the way, the town had but one street, the names: "Richie and Fisher, General Merchandise."If you stepped inside the store you would see and recognize, the men who rode in the carriage six months before.

Jack Richie, the younger of the two, was a Kentuckian, who had been wandering several years in the Rocky Mountains in search of a "pay streak."Three years before, in Colorado, he became the partner of Lew Fisher, a graduate of Ann Arbor law school, and a man who loved the mountain air as he loved the strong life within him, and who had given up the law for a roving life in the hills.

Jack had also taken another partner about the same time, and she now presided in the board shantie that he called home.

It was a pleasant home to him, with all its imperfections in the way of comforts, and he was always eager to leave the store and hasten to wife and baby Alice.

Ah! Jack's Baby Alice.

She was the cutest, sweetest baby in the Territory of Nevada.

Just learning to talk and so artful, lovable and clever!

Anyway Jack thought so.

The store was in a flourishing condition, and the amount of money that rolled into the till was amazing.

It was all gold and silver, no paper currency could be found in camp.

The partners were well

n6 A VENGED.

liked, and fortune smiled on their ventures.

There were two men who very often visited the store, both belonging to a class seen in every mining camp;

rough characters, participants in many a bar room fight;

hard drinking, hard swearing, turbulent men.

Their pistols was their first thought, and if they got the drop on their man, it was "all day for him"as they used to say.

These two men, Jose* Abrego, a Mexican commonly called Mexican Joe and Bill Ricketts, had run a large account with Richie and Fisher, and when settling day came they were unable to pay. They owned two claims up the gulch and one near the Hale and Norcross.

The partners offered to take the claim near the Hale and Norcross in settlement of the account.

Ricketts consented but Mexican Joe refused to do it.

The claim was quite promising, and the partners finally offered to cancel their account and pay them one hundred dollars each, if they would deed over the mine.

This offer they accepted.

Ricketts was perfectly satisfied and did no more in the matter;

but Mexican Joe sullenly consented, declaring it was robbery.

A few weeks after the settlement, a very rich strike was made in the Hale and

Norcross on a cross-cut vein that intersected the partners'mine, now called the

Baby Alice, after Jack's treasured baby girl.

Mexican Joe, upon hearing of the strike, went to the Baby Alice, drove out the single miner there and took possession.

As soon as Jack learned the news, he set out for the mine, accompanied by

Fisher and several miners, who were loafing in the store, and who volunteered their services, just to see the fun.

Arriving at the mine, they found Joe in full posses sion, with a rifle across his knee, awaiting developments.

He was not kept waiting long.

"Up with your hands,"shouted Jack, and six revolvers were aimed at Joe's heart.

His hands went slowly up.

"Take his gun, Lew.

Now Joe"said Jack, "What do you mean by this business?""I am the rightful owner of this yer mine,"muttered Joe. There was a laugh from the old miners that enraged the Mexican beyond reason.

"And curse ye, yer the man that did it."And he struck a powerful blow at Jack's face.

The blow was deftly warded and before the Mexican could recover his balance, Jack hit him squarely between the eyes, sending him to earth.

He got up boiling with rage, and with muttered curses, sneaked off down the hill, with the laugh of the miners ringing in his ears.

Jack, knowing the character of the Mexican, felt uneasy for some time, fearing a shot or stab in the back, some dark night.

After several weeks had passed, and no sign of disturbance from the Mexican, Jack concluded that he had accepted his defeat and thereupon returned him his rifle with a note, admonishing him to steer clear of the Babv Alice The dawn of the 14th of May broke threateningly upon Pioche. Storm clouds hovered upon the summit of the mountains, and an occasional drop of rain foretold the coming of the shower.

In Jack Richie's home little heed was taken of the weather.

Their hearts were too glad to notice storm clouds, or look for the over casting^of the sky.

The day before, a rich vein of ore had been struck in the Baby Alice and Jack now felt that he and his wife could take a much needed vacation and visit their relatives in the far east.

They had talked it over and their plans were formed.

Fisher was to remain and attend to business, and Jack and his wife and baby were to start on their journey in a week's time.

That day found the partners at the store busy making preparations for their separation.

During the afternoon quite a crowd of their rough, good natured friends gathered to discuss the strike in the Baby Alice.

After a few gentle hints as to the scarcity of water, Fisher brought forth a demijohn of whiskey and they all drank to the success of the Baby Alice mine.

Near the door Mexican Joe lingered, casting an occasional dark glacne at the boisterous crowd around the counter. Jack saw him, invited him to the

A VENGED.

counter, and poured out a cup of liquor, which the Mexican drank.

"Don't think I hold anything against you Joe, 'said Jack, ''for that little trouble.

If the mine turns out well, I'll do the handsome thing by you.""All right, Mr. Richie, Estoy muy contento"and Joe turned away satisfied.

At the door he met one of the miners who had witnessed his defeat at the hands of Jack.

"Hello, Joe,"said he, "You might hev been in Jack's shoes if you'd stayed with that mine.

But Jack's fists were too lively for you."And a good natured laugh rolled up from his chest.

Joe's face became livid.

His defeat was a sore point. He was ready to forget it a moment since, but now he never would; and the liquor had stirred the evil in him.

"I'll get even yit, "he said, and with a sidelong glance of hate towards the counter he left the crowd.

The miner never forgot the words nor the look that accompanied them.

Jack went home with a light heart that night.

He had made everything right with the Mexican.

His Alice had worried over the matter a great deal of late, and he took pleasure in telling* her that she could set her fears at rest.

After supper, Alice had occasion to go over to a neighbor's.

Before leaving she put the baby in Jack's arms.

"Take good care of her,"she said, "until I come back.

She is ready for bed; and maybe you can get her to sleep."Alice started for the door.

A premonition of evil swept over her.

She shook it off;

came back to where Jack stood, raised herself on her tip toes and kissed him.

"Take good care of yourself and baby,"she said, and hurried out.

Mexican Joe, after leaving the crowd, went to his cabin, which stood alone in an alley, just off the main street.

From a rack he took down his rifle, oiled it carefully, loaded it, and placed it near the door.

Then from a rough shelf he took the note Jack had sent him, sat down by the table and spelled out the contents over and over again.

When the dusk of evening stole over the gulch and crept noiselessly around the town, hiding from sight the barren brown earth, and the stars began their ceaseless vigil, peeping from amidst the the storm clouds.

Joe still sat with the note in his clenched hand, brooding, but with a stern, set face that told of a fixed resolve.

As the chill twilight deepened, and the ominous clouds hung low over the mountains, and the tireless night wind scampered down the gulch, his breath came quicker and the blood surged hotly through his veins.

His thoughts were in harmony with the night.

"Hello, the house!"Jack walked to the door, with his baby in his arms, opened it wide and looked out into the night.

He saw the figure of a man but could not distinguish his features.

"Come in, stranger."Jack turned back from the door and started to bring forward a chair, thinking the stranger would accept the invitation.

There was a report, the ping of a rifle ball, and Jack Richie sank down on the floor of his own home, with his baby in his arms, and a bullet through his head from base to forehead.

"Det up, papa."The little one tugged at the big man's hand.

"Please papa, det up.""Well, if '00 won't, I'll lay down wif *oo."The little head was laid lovingly against the cheek of the dead man, and from the hole in the forehead there crept out the life blood of the strong man and dyed the golden curls of the now fatherless babe, a bright crimson.

Night once more.

The clouds still hung upon the mountain tops, and the gulch was shrouded in a ghostly film of cloud and fog.

A light shone in Mexican Joe's cabin.

Twenty-four hours ago the tragedy had occurred that set Pioche in a fevei.

Mexican Joe had been at his claim all day.

He returned towards evening.

The night was not dark enough to nide the dusky forms that gathered a short distance from his lone cabin.

They

n8 ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

approached the cabin.

One of the party knocked at the door.

Joe opened it.

"Want to see you a minute, Joe."

He stepped outside, the miner slipped between him and the door.

"Hands up, Joe!"He made a motion backward. Too late, the door was closed.

He obeyed the command.

"Joe,"said one of the miners.

"Jack Richie, and his baby in his arms, was killed last night.""The baby too.

So help me heaven!

I didn't mean"he stopped.

The miners looked) at each other significantly They had struck the right lead.

"Jim, tie his hands.""Lew, bring the rope."As the sad funeral cortege, with the mortal remains of Jack Richie, followed by the entire population, wended their solemn way past some scrubby cedars, on the road to the cemetery, they saw the swollen body of Jose Abrego swinging from a limb, the rope creaking with each movement of the body.

Ken Denys.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

At the conference of the Y. M. M.

I. A.

held in Ogden, Dec. 7th, Apostles F. D.

Richards, Moses Thatcher, F. M. Lyman, and John Henry Smith were present.

The Stake Superintendency was reorganized, the following officers being unanimously selected:

Angus T.

Wright, superintendent;

Thomas A.

Shreeves and Heber H.

Thomas, counselors;

John L.

Herrick, recording secretary;

Chas.

A.

Smurthwaite, corresponding secretary; Thomas Y.

Stanford, treasurer; and George E.

Hyde, musical director.

ASSOCIATION SINGING.* The kindly and munificent feelings that have prompted the General Superintendency and The Contributor, to offer prizes or premiums for the best singing that may be performed by the competing associations, at the annual conference in the Tabernacle next June, are worthy the appreciation of all the members of the associations and the support of every Latter-day Saint.

And in order to truly manifest the appreciation which the movement merits and demands.it will be the duty of each association to make music a special feature of its exercises.

It is expected that all associations not already having an organized choir or glee chrb, will attend to the matter as soon as * Lecture delivered at the Y. M. M. I. A. Conference, Ogden, Weber Stake, Dec 7th, 1890.

practicable; and having selected out of their number one best qualified to act as leader, that they will then go to work in a methodical manner.

Where it is possible, an organist should be obtained, as not only will the voices be sustained thereby but theleader will find his burden lightened considerably.

The method of selecting four leading voices,—treble, alto, tenor and bass, has proven to be a very successful way of training, a choir.

The voices chosen should, of course, be the best talent in the choir;

and if they could meet, in connection with the leader and organist, say once a week, separate from the full choir, then at the regular practices each part would be sustained, and the learning of pieces would progress much faster than otherwise.

The music in the Mutual Improvement song book, and that which will be published in The Contributor, will furnish the associations with snfficient material for some time to come.

There is every opportunity now afforded for each association to have good music;

and if the work is taken in hand with the zeal and energy that it deserves, every member will be gratified with the result.

There is one very essential feature in practicing music, and that is in being thorough.

Do not be content with singing your pieces in a "hap-hazard"and "slip-shod"manner,—some sliding from

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

one note to another, and others dragging the time instead of all singing to a unit;

for upon the precision with which music is rendered depends its greatest beauty.

These difficulties can be obviated if the singers pay attention to their leader.

In fact it is the experience of every choir leader that they make the most useful singers, who pay the strictest attention.

There will no doubt be some very excellent music rendered at the competition, as the prizes are well worthy the greatest efforts of any of our glee clubs.

The largest prize will be two hundred dollars for the association having the best club of not less than twenty-five voices;

one hundred dollars for the best club of fifteen voices; seventy-five dollars for the best double quartette;

fifty dollars for the best quartette; twenty-five dollars for the best duet;

fifteen dollars each for the best tenor and bass solos and ten dollars each for the second best.

Weber County may not get the largest prize, but it is quite possible for us to carry off some of the smaller ones.

The associations which purpose entering the competition will have to put forward every effort if they hope to be successful.

Success in music, as in all the arts and sciences, depends in a great measure upon the application and the study bestowed upon it.

Where would the genius of Handel have manifested itself if he had not applied himself to the study of harmony.

His father had designed that he should follow the law as a profession, and tried to discourage his mania for music.

The poor boy used to study in his bedroom after retiring, with only the moon to read by, as he dared not light a candle for fear of being detected.

It required study to unfold the genius of Mozart; and though, perhaps, he was more gifted from childhood than any other of the masters, still application was necessary in order for him to raise music to the exalted heights where he left it.

This wonderful musician at the age of only six years played before the Emperor of Austria, and when twelve years old he composed a mass and conducted the same before the imperial court.

Perseverance and study has been the chief characteristics of all the masters;

in fact it is stated that genius is but a great capacity for receiving discipline.

Beethoven, the greatest of composers, was the most assiduous student.

The voice itself is capable, with practice, of gaining in strength and volume, and with perseverance can be raised two or three notes higher in the case of the treble and tenor, and a few tones lower can be attained by the alto and the bass.

Madame Malibran, one of the most celebrated singers of the early part of this century, was once complimented, at the close of a concert where she had sung, on having reached "D"in alt. She replied that the compliment was well earned as she had been chasing that "D"incessantly for over a month.

She had tried it while dressing, while combing her hair, and at last found it when buttoning her shoes.

We do not hope to be able to compose notes as soul inspiring as Handel's music, fugues as grand as those of Bach, nor can we expect to enchant our audiences with symphonies like the incomparable Beethoven.

Our sisters may not be able to portray the beauty of song as did Jenny Lind, or be able to make five thousand dollars a night like Adelina Patti; but we can make the best use of the talents that God has blessed us with and seek to cultivate them by attending our practices regularly, paying strict attention to the music that may be rehearsed, and profit by the assistance the leader may render us.

These details may appear small, but on them depends the success of any musical organization.

If the wishes of the Superintendency are faithfully carried out it will be no impossible thing for the central board of Weber Stake to be able to call together twenty-three mutual improvement choirs to render the musical exercises at their conferences in this stake.

Could they not make this house resound with the praises of God?

Would not the parents'hearts be made glad on those occasions to see their sons engaged in such a laudable work?

And if the idea of Brother Evan Stephens could be carried out, of having a grand musical

THE POWER OF SONG.

jubilee, in which all the association glee clubs could participate, there would be a choir as grand as that of King Solomon which comprised, in connection with his school for singers, a band of more than four thousand instruments.

It would bring to our imaginations the time when God made this beautiful earth for us; when we, together with the stars of the morning raised our voices in praises to Jehovah.

O.may we soon again renew that song, And keep in tune with heaven, till erelong, In His celestial concert we unite

To live with God, and sing in endless morn of light.

George E. Hyde.

THE POWER OF SONG.

Maestoso.

1st & 2nd Tenor.

mf.

mf.

t=t= '-3- 1—3 "p T need no sacred word to bind In union sweet and strong, These if a cheerful, man - ly thoughtWith an - y brother be, Tis 7 st & 2nd Bass.

S Ut-PH*- Cm •—i b -J—(1 Cres.

-—I fcr- f brother hearts that all confess The pow'r supreme of song, thrown a - loft in chorus strong By our full har - mo - ny.

(—^_p_^—

p -.-:

.

..J P P—£—<S>-»-—» S>-« -w p 1—

r i No wealth And as wealthmo love of pow'r or fame Could forge this golden as the brooks in mountain lands Leap singing to the =-_l_*lj—

Wt*~Z T =z F"F,rn*S=iP—P4-F *—i—r.

*—\—m i 2=2-*B3* 1zzt 4= chain, And glen, So mm And these So springs Cres.

those who feel springs our rich its mag - ic strengthWould not be loosed a a - bund - ant song, To gladden hearts of, m ft» frp P:—h—

i P O L:c f gain, men.

.

T 5—

THE

CONTRIBUTOR PREflMUfllS, VOLUME TTVELVE.

Thirty-five Premiums, $1200.00.

We shail give to the Y. M. M.

I. A.

of the Thirty-five Wards having the largest paid up subscription lists for The Contributor, Volume Twelve, on June ist, 1891, the following Cash premiums:

To the Ward with the largest list, next •« Ten Wards Twenty lists, $250.00 IOO.OO IOO.OO 50.00 50.00 25.00 each 20.00 Last year the Association winning the first premium had 113 subscribers; the one winning the last had 32 subscribers.

But twenty premiums were distributed.

Any Association sending Thirty paid-up subscriptions, this year, may hope to win a premium.

Now is the time to canvass.

Prospectus and instructions to M.

I. A.

officers and agents sent on application.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES "THE? CENTURY."THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Nicholasfor Young

Folks, issued by the same house, "are read by every one person in thirty of the country's population."One great feature of The Century for is to be "THE GOLD HUNTERS OF CALIFORNIA,"describing that remarkable movement to the gold fields in '49, in a series of richly illustrated articles written by survivors.

«««*»3 The November Century begins the volume, and new subscribers should commence with that issue.

The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

««ST. NICHOLAS."The year 1891 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St. NICHOLAS."J. T. Trowbridge, Noah Brooks, Charles Dudley Warner, and many well-known writers are to contribute during this coming year.

One cannot put the spirit of St.

NICHOLAS into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1891 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

The Finest and Largest Variety of yv/ edding i^ards )^£- & Party Tickets Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

fT\erQ\)ai)t priptir^ <$omparvy,—29 W. South Temple St., Nearly opp. So. Temple Gate JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

Manager.

SALT LAKE CIT1.

(Jood F^adii^ for all 5^5095 The HEROES of the NATIONS:

THE STORY of the NATIONS:

I. Nelson and the Naval Supremacy of Kngland:

By W.'Clark Russell, author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor,""The Life of William Dampier,"etc., with the collaboration of Wm. H. Jaques, late U. S. N.

II.

Gustavus Adolphus, and the Struggle of Protestantism for Existence.

By C.

R.

L.

Fletcher.

M.

A., late Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.

III. Pericles, and the Goldeu Age of

Athens.

By Evelyn Abbott, M. A., fellow of Balliol College, Oxford.

Each volume i2mo, cloth extra, $1.50;

half leather, uncut edges, gilt top. $1.75.

Holland and Its People.

Vandyke Edition.

By Edmondo de Amicis.

Translated from the Italian by Caroline Tilton.

New, revised edition, printed from new plates, with eighty-four illustrations, gilt top, $2.25.

"His happy faculty for discovering the curious and interesting points in people and places, his close observation of details and his charming style of narrative, make him one of the most entertaining of travelers. "—Journal of Education.

"It is beautifully illustrated, admirably printed, and bound in excellent taste."—Christian Intelligencer.

KNICKERBOCKER HUQGETS:

XXVIII.

The Sayings of Poor Richard.

Being the Prefaces, Proverbs and Poems of Benjamin Franklin, originally printed in Poor

Richard's Almanacs for 1733-1758.

Collected and edited by Paul Leicester Ford.

XXIX. Love Poems of Three Centuries.

Compiled by Jessie F. O'Donnell.

2 vols., $2.00.

XXX.

Representative Irish Stories.

Compiled, with Introduction and Notes, by W. B. Yeats.

2 vols., $2.00.

XXXI.

French Ballads.

Printed in the original text.

Edited by Prof. T.

F. Crane.

Illustrated, $1 50.

The Knickerbocker Nuggets are also handsomely put up in extra binding, specially prepared calf, full gilt edges, round corners, richly stamped.

Each work in an attractive box.

They are sold for $2.25 per volume, with the exception of numbers V., XI. and XVII.

the price of which is $2.75 per volume.

XXXI The Story of Switzerland.

By R. Stead and Mrs. Arnold Hug.

XXX. The Story of Scotland.

By James Mackintosh, L L. D.

XXIX. The Story of the Jews under Rome.

By the Rev. W. Douglas Morrison.

Each i2ino, cloth, illustrated, $1.50;

half leather, $1.75, Fra Lippo Lippi.

A Romance of Florence in the 15th Century.

By Margaret Vere Farrington, author of 'Tales of King Arthur,"etc.

With fourteen full-page illustrations in photogravure.

8vo, cloth extra, gilt top, #2.50.

Lorna Doone.

A Romance of Exmoor.

By R.

D.

Blackmore, author of "Cradock Nowell,"etc.

Authorized American issue;

with new preface specially written by the author for this edition.

The Exmoor edition.

3 vols., i6mo, S3.75.

A Literary Manual of Foreign Quotations.

By John Devoe Belton.

8vo,$i.75.

A Young Macedonian in the Army of

Alexander the Great.

By the Rev.

Alfred J. Church, M. A., author of "To the Lions,""Three Greek Children,"'"The Count of the Saxon Shore,"etc., etc,

Uniform with "To the Lions."nmo, cloth, with sixteen illustrations, printed in colors, £1-25.

Little Venice, and Other Stories.

By Grace Denio Litchfield, author of "Only an

Incident,""The Knight of the Black Forest,"etc., etc.

i6mo, with frontispiece, 75 cents.

Among the Moths and Butterflies A revised and enlarged edition of Insect Lives."By Julia P.

Ballard, author of "Building Stories,""Seven Years from To-night,"etc.

Small 8vo, cloth, $1.50.

Dust and its Dangers.

By T. M.

Prudden, M. D.

Uniform with "The Story of the

Bacteria."Illustrated, 75 cents.

Good- Living.

A Practical Cookery Book for Town and Country.

By Sarah Van Bureu Brugiere.

8vo, cloth, $2 25.

TALES OF HEROISM BY E.

S. BROOKS.

I. Historic Boys:

Their Endeavors, Their Achievements, and Their Times.

Octavo, illustrated, $2 00.

II. Historic Girls.

Stories of Girls who have Influenced the History of their Times.

Octavo, illustrated; $2 00.

III.

Chivalric days and Youthful deeds Octavo, lully illustrated, cloth extra, #2.03.

\* Illustrated Lists of Books for Young People, prospectuses of the Nations,

Heroes arid Nuggets Series sent on application.

G.

P. PUTNAM'S SONS, New York & London.

5^E •{• Semi-Cideekly o o o o o o o o o o B H. DORPDTC Editor.

KUbcn 1 o, o o o o o O o o TFTE SALT LAKE £emi-Wee\hJ [bald Is now the Largest and Brightest country paper published in the West.

Its sworn circulation is nearly Copies per Week, a fact which attests its popularity.

Price only $3 per Yr.

Cy C? X~\ T~\ F°r catalogue show- *—/V_> k \sL-J jng our extraordinary inducements to subscribers for 1891.

They cost nothing.

fill BECAUSE THE* ARE THE BEST.

D. M. Ferry & Go's Illustrated, Descriptive and Priced

SEED ANNUAL] For 1891 will be mailed FREE;

Ito all applicants, and to last season's] \ customers.

It is better than ever.

Every person using Garden, Flower or Field Seeds, should send for it.

Address D. M. FERRY 4. CO.

DETROIT, MICH.

, Largest Seedsmen in the world i FLOWER GARDEN * m WINDOW BOX =0NLY 25 CENTSs MOST LIBERAL OFFER EVER MADE flFFFR Nfl II NASTURTIUM "SNOW UlTLn llUi II QUEEN,''finest variety ever offered, flowers of immense size and a pure white.

Pkt.

10c.

PINK "HEDDEWICII".

flowers very large and double, must bc.-iiititnl ot its class.

pkt.iOc. MICNONETTE "May's Spiral", none can equal this variel v in size or fragrs nee, a perfect marvel.

VERBENA "HYBRIDA", no annual will make such a grand display as these lovely flowers.

This is the choicest seed, imported direct from the great German Seed Specialist, Ernst Benarv.

Over 20 different shades and colors.

Pkt.iOc.

MARIGOLD "ELDORADO", a distinct variety with large, magnificently quilled flowers, perfectly double, color orange, shaded yellow. Pkt. 10c.

PANSY "NEW CERMAN'', flowers of enormous size, often measuiing three inches in diameter.

The coloring of these grand pansies are simply wonderful.

Package 10 cents.

DC AH To introduce NORTHERN GROWN ItbAU SEEDS AND PLANTS we will send one full size package each of the above six varieties and our Illustrated Catalogue, containing over 500

Illustrations and a colored plate oflHADKM

KOSES, to any address on receipt of ONLY 25 CENTS.

Test Northern Grown Seeds and Plants and be convinced they are Superior to all Others.

ETEJETCr I PO M E A, no class of climbers lias I r%«fcl& created such a sensation the world over as this magnificent vine, which grows with wonderful rapidity, and produces large white flowers of the most striking beauty.

Start seed in the house if possible.

CnCpill EVERY PERSON sending silver, for grLUlHL the above collection, and mentioning paper and number of offer, will receive extra a pkt.

ofthe-LPOJIEA."l, l. MAY & CO., SEEDSMEN AND FLORISTS.

ST. PAUL, MINN.'The M.I. A. Course of Reading FIRST YEAR'S SERIES.

FIVE VOLS: Per Set in Box, $2.50.

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

I PIOrjEEP{ DRUG STORE,* LOGAN, UTAH.

The Oldest Drug House in Northern Utah. Can supply the Public and

Trade with anything in the Drug, Patent Medicine, and Oil line.

Orders given prompt attention and careful pricing.

RITER BROS., PROPRIETORS.

*Y Z.

* L.

i iVfe I. 4^ LOGAN BRANCH WHOLESALE AND RETAIL General Merchandise, DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS AND SHOES, CLOTHING, STOVES, TIN AND HARDWARE, NOVELTIES AND NOTIONS.

Our (joods are always tl?<? Best.

Our prices are always tr;? (pu/est.

R S. WATSON, Manager, e LOGAN, UTAH WATCHES, DIAMONDS, t> Jeuuelry, Silvet*caai*e, Spectacles, Etc.

CARPETS, Funjitun?, U/all paper, 0:r^*r.

lae<?

Qurtair;5, U/ipdou; Shades, Ete.

THE DESERET SAVINGS

BANK.

^JltHE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called ^y to the Deseret Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

John Sharp, President.

Moses Thatcher, Vice- President.

DIRECTORS.

E. A. Smith, Cashier.

John Sharp, H. Dinwoodey, J. R. Barnes, Elias A. Smith, P. W.

Jennings, Jams Sharp, L.

S. Hills, D. H. Peery, W. W. Riter, George Romnky.

Moses Thatcher,J. 0. Cutler, J. T. Little* _ BEST-SIX-CORD IJimiMiiiJIR ^OTiX*^°Jg FOfl D $c MACHINE a LLIkam, 28 LE.Tkm, 30 LLTkani, 32East First South Street,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SMwt dBmnd of ffine &mtktr&.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in tire Territory.

^t^PIONBER^^h PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF rJolulK.

UA^wwwuiuttfi^uttiii^ALtlUm^itiu^tilttt^nwBKTOn^^r^:

High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat Office, W.

South Temple St SALT LAKE OITY, UTAH PAID UP CAPITAL, 'ASH ASSETS, $200,000.00 $272,865.58 OFFICERS.

HEBER J. GRANT, President, JAMES SHARP, Vice-President, LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, ELIAS A. SMITH, Secretary, W. J. BATEMAN, Ass't Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

Henry Dinwoody, John Henry Smith, George Romney, Thos. G. Webber, P. T. Farnsworth, William H. Rowe, John C. Cutler, David Eccles, Geo. W, Thatcher, Frank W. Jennings, Charles S. Burton.

CASH CAPITAL, $100,000 OFFICERS.

JOSEPH F. SMITH, President, HEBER J. GRANT, Vice-President,

LEWIS S. HILLS, Treasurer, HEBER M. WELLS, Secretary.

DIRECTORS.

|fV0Mc I LIFE Henry Dinwoody, Wm. W. Riter, Moses Thatcher, Wm. H. Rowe, John C. Cutler, George Romney, James Sharp, John Henry Smith, Chas. S. Burton, Elias A. Smith, CDF Richard W. Young.

<TAY\ ^-^.(9^ Heber J. Grant & Co., Genl. Agts., Herald Building, Salt Lake City.

JBROWHVIIVO BROS

OGDEN and SALT LAKE CITY.

IVnNUFACTUSERS.ZWHOLFSALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN We can furnish anything in our line, and our Prices are Lower than the lowest.

We have 'ne largest and best equipped repair shop in the United States, and are prepared to do all kinds ol repairing.

^- Send for illustrated Catalogue.

£461 "Washington Ave,, Ogden.

UTAH.

166 S. Main Street.

Salt Lalce City.

m 8 C30OOOO860B For sale by all Druggists.

Wm 72L IMain sTJ SaltLakeCityWm V£.-TOTS,ggl \2V rAXyK::E}R, OAKLEY «& Co., MANUFACTURERS OF Chicago GClax Calf & Uppei* heathen

Cfl^D flflD FliESH SPLilTS, Boston Store, 16 & 18 South St.

Chicago Store, 179 & 181 Lake St.

M SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St, Chicago, ACTIONEM I Largest and most comJjOOkS cillCl plete Stock Wholesale and Retail.

Stationery.

Text Library and Mormon Books a Specially.

76 S. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

^THE^ Thomson % Wo?

Spice (£o.,-* SPICES |D ELHHG EXIRACIS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

^rr„*JoS RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET, s£CHICAaCi IT IS THE BEST.- TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN m\ okwell's Durham Tobacoo The LARGEST SALE of any Tobacco in the World.

TRADE MARK TOR PLEASURE, «OMF$RT,HEALT"SMOKE THE 0%, ^MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W.T.BLaCK^KIJA * Co, THB BECAUSE RELIABLE

^>THE T^ir*«TT YEAR'S Sf^RIl^Si.

Wo Mo Mo So Mo * COURSE * OF * READING. + I. THE GOSPEL, B.

H. ROBERTS.

II.

FIRST BOOK OF NATURE, J.

E. TALMAGE.

III, HISTORY OF ENGLAND, CHAS. DICKENS.

IV.

LIFE OF NE p HI, GEO.

Q. CANNON.

V.

READINGS FROM WASHINGTON IRVING.

THE SEX IN A BOX, Price, Post Free, $2,50

EVenj ]V[eniben of the Y.M.M.I.A, should own and mi thege M\$.

FOR SALE BY THE CONTRIBUTOR CO., SALT L,XKE CITY, U'l A H FRANCIS ARMSTRONG! PRIES.

DIRECTORS FRANCIS ARMSTRONG P. W. MADSEN T.W. ELLERBECK BOLIVAR ROBERTS GEO. HT CANNON THOS.W.JENNINSS OR. JOS. S.RICHARDS OSCAR H.HARDY M.E.CUMMINGS +~c^ P. W. MADSEN VICE PREST.

/ M.E.CUMMINGS CASMIEa.

» <4 g-'Vf '22-24 EAST 1st'SOUTH ST.

Otah.

GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

piv<^ per <?ei)t lQtere$t paid 09 5a vii}<$s Deposits.

COMPOUNDED FOUR TIMES A YEAR.

POWDER

Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

It.

S.

Government Report, Aug.

ij, /SSy.

THE STATE BflflK Of UTRH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

i •••«»***. »•.#»«»%,»».#• »<»«•

IIEBER J. GRANT, Prksident.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Cashier.

JIRECTORS JOSEPH V. SMITH.

CHARLES S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. ROW/..

NEPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM II. CANNON. FRANK Y. TAYLOR.

SPENCER CLAWSON.

PHILO T. FARNSWORTB.

ELIAS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOUNG.

HENRY A. WOOLLEY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays 5 per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Tl)eL^aclir)6lir)pleiT)ei)bHous^o^ Ubai).

HEBER J. GRANT, Prest.

JOSEPH F. SMITH.

Vice-Prest.

RULON S. WELLS, Sec'y and Treaa.

„(,>m»>»wunirmiwnn()„,w ^x^xy'z^—-—~-—^.y^3"v"w <„•>....,.,,. »>«»1.\«,»••««<»»#••.<•.(•M>MMiMti*t«n<IMA<M««.««>«»»1#««"»«»H#'M"»«»»<•»««•<««<"»»«»»•»««> czmooj* -4 «machh*e '•»*'•*'*%« »*»£ <f "'"*.« OIRECTORS:

HF.BF.R J. GRANT.

JOSEPH F. SMITH.

JOSHUA F. GRANT.

FRANCIS M. LYMAN.

GEORGE T. ODELL.

JOHN HENRY SMITH.

WILLIAM W. RITER.

CHARLES S. BURTON GEORGE ROMNEY.

JUNIUS F. WELLS.

JAMES SHARP.

„,•»«•«•'""SALT LAKE, OGDEN, LOGAN, EAGLE ROCK, MONTPELIER.

MANAGEMENT.

J. F. GRANT, General Manager.

GEORGE T. ODELL, Asst. Manasi E. T. WOOLLEY, MANAGER OGPEN BRANCH.

A. G. BARRKR.

MANAGER LOGAN BRANCH.

G. G. WRIGHT, MGR. RAGLE ROCK BRANCH.

M. D WELLS, MSB. MONTPBLIXR BRANCH.