September mimmstmi&&g&s&g& SB I (fa* I II $9 ft ail II L1SHED • BYT TRIBUTOR- COSALT • LAKE • CITY'UTAH Is £

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR SEPTEMBER, 1891.

PAGE.

Church Emigration.

IV.

Early American Emigration, Andrew Jenson. 401 A Glimpse—Or More, Henry W.

Naisbitt. 405 Galls ar,d Gall Flies J. E. Talmage. 406 Idleness, Oliver Belnap. 408 Evolution and Creation, Joseph Stanford 409 The Autograph Albu n, Ruby Lamont.

The Influence of Fict on, F B. 416 Keeping the Baby Happy, Selected. 417 Life and Labors of Orson Pratt,

Milando Pratt. 418 The Old Pueblo, J. H. Martineau. 423 Reminiscences of William C.

Staines •.

The Piute Indians Eugene J. Young. 42S The Irrigation Convention, Calvin Reasoner. 431 Left by the Roadside Josephine Spet.cer. 433 Editorial:

Y. M. M.

I. A. Manua G ttysbury and Waterloo Compared

Vocal Culture,..

John Quigley. 437 Music:

Home Love Fathered Architects, Respice Finem. 440 Wii.ford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst. Cashier.

irwfeB J±.N~T>:TRUST COMPANY,,3 & 5 ©ckvfc ^cwpfc St., Saft Salve Qitut

ESTABLISHED 1873.

INCORPORATED 1888 n/LCZECTona.

Wilford Woodruff, Prest., George Q. Gannon, Vice-1'nst.,.Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Le Grande Voting, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Cluwson.

DOES A.NERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

Pays Per Cent.

Interest on Savings = --=-pe posits.==^s SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Boxes for Rent at Reasonable Charge, jHoney to Itoan, on Appro Securit;

v s.

d at Iioca Rates of Interest

Trutli is IVtislity and -\7«7-±ll Prevail.

Farmers should read Utah Experiment Station BULLETIN No. 7 ON GOVERNMENT TRIAL.

WRITE PROF.

SANBORN, LOGAN, FOR COPY.

WOOD WAS YIOTOMIOCil Read what the "Login Journal"says in its issue of July 22, 1891.

'twas much more exhaustive than the trials at the World's Fair, Philadelphia. in i876,accordine to Mr.

Scott, which were concluded in one day, while in present Experiment two long days w er consumed.

The grass and fields were conceded to be even and of the best for fair trials.

Professor Sanborn kept the matter in his own hands, and all the parties active in the contest active in handling the machines they represented on the ground—agreed that the trial had been fair and impartial, and signed an affidavit to that effect.

The test is of the utmost importance, as it has taken place under government direction, and will be noted all over this country and elsewhere, and will be taken as authoritative.

YES.

MALICIOUS COMPETITION EQUALLY AS WELL AS ALL CRDPS.

Harrisville, Weber Co., August 7th, 1891.

Co-operative Wagon & Machine Co, Ogden, E.

T. Woolley, Manager.

The Russell & Co.'s Massillon Cyclone Separator, 30 inch cylinder, 46 inch Table achine, with ten-horse Woodburv Power, threshed 317 bushels this forenoon, this being its first operation.

It cleans well and DELIVERS IN HALF-BUSHEL—instead of sending it up the stack.

To our friends we say, Buy a Massillon Cyclone and be happy.

McENTIRE & CO.

Pleasant View, Weber Co., Utah, August 4th, 1891.

Co-operative Wagon & Machine Co., Ogden, E. T. Woolley, Manager.

The Walter A. Wood Single Apron Harvester and Binder which we bought from you has cut, bound and elevated to our entire satisfaction in heavy, light, and in fact all kinds of grain and weeds.

C. B WADE, JAMES M. WADE.

North Ogden, Utah, August 4th, 1891.

Co-operative Wagon & Machine Co.,'Ogden.

Gentlemen:—The Walter A. Wood Single Apron Harvester and Binder just bought from you, has been operated five days in some very heavy grain, at least fifty-five bushels per acre.

It Cuts, Binds, Elevates and Delivers to my entire satisfaction.

It has cut and bound grain twelve inches high.

Respectfully, JAMES A. MONTGOMERY.

Morgan City, August 4th, 1891.

Co-operative Wagon and Machine Co.

Gentlemen:—The Walter A. Wood Machines take the lead in this county; we have sold five binders and eight mowers this season.

HEINER BROS. COMMERCIAL CO.

Pleasant Grove, July 31st, 189J.

Messrs. Bullock & Wadley, Pleasant Grove, Utah.

Gentlemen:—The Walter A. Wood Single Apron

Harvester and Binder we bought of you, and for which we gave our order in Silt Lake

City, has been in operation now for several days.

We have cut, bound, elevated and delivered all kinds of grain, heavy, light, and tangled, to our satisfaction, and better than any other machine we have ever seen at the same work.

We consider the Single Apron Open End Machine far superior to any three for four canvas machines, both in point of workmanship and economy.

We have just finished cutting five and a half acres and have not missed tying one bundle.

ISAAC CARLSON, J.

J. CARLSON.

LEADING IMPLEMENT DEALERS, COhOP.

WRGOJSi 8t JVIRCHlNE CO.

GEO.

T. ODELL, General Manager.

Purchase Wood's Single Apron Binder and Pure Sisal Twine.

«MN£fi BKO» Celebrated <3orsets.

?>j>j5>HE merit and popularity viV^l tnese Corsets is at- <tej/.9t tested by the fact that f"over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with s'arch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation recognized, for they have "Dr They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

{CgCK gCKK tCKK^C^^^ gQ»»?»»»:

££^^ •^WARNER * BROS.,:

^fe^v Yorvls: etjoid Cliioago, »»»:kkk£o»;»s??sb»»»»^«« For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden z.

c. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets.

I P.TEASDEL

P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer In Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House Family Supplies.

__ SS.P.TEASOEL SECURE A SET OF THE Mo Mo Jio READING COURSE.

THEY WILL SOON BE GONE.

address:

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

J ASBOTor v A pamphlet of information and abstract of the laws, showing How to/ '.Obtain Patents, Caveats, Trade/'^Marks, Copyrights, sent free./ ^Address Broadway, ark.

T&iJIoi J^omneiJ, i^mgtag Co, LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

FJustie, piap^,Joi5ts, Rafters, Stymies, /T\ouldii)<$s.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

Sotatlx Temple Sit., Salt I^aJce City.

B. F. & H. L. SWEET, -MANUFACTURERS OF- <*: "COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS,:i* "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber BuggiesCo-operative "Wagon.

a».c3L Machine Co., General Western Agents.

The Herald's Offers this Year!

EVERY SUBSCRIBER to the SEMI-WEEKLY •HERHLDReceives a Number in the great $5000 Premium IMstritovttlon AS USUAL.

The Americanized Encyclopaedia Britannica,

THE LITERARY SENSATION OF THE AGE.

(Ten Volumes) can be had with one year's Semi-Weekly Herald for $23.00.

The books alone retail for $45.00.

Five dollars down and the balance in monthly instalments will secure the great work, the paper and a premium number.

Five per cent discount for cash.

-—Gold and Silver Watches given Free To those sending a certain number of subscribers.

An elegant $5.00 POLITICAL AND U.

S. MAP can be had with the Semi-Weekly Herald for $3.75.

Call and satisfy yourselves or ask your newsdealer for particulars.

Also NOTE THIS REMARKABLE OFFER.

You can get GENERAL GRANT'S MEMOIRS (2 volumes, the original $7.00 edition), the great COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE one year, the SemiWeekly Herald, and a premium number for $6.50.

See the Herald for further particulars.

H.

G. WHITNEY.

Business Manager.

B. H. ROBERTS, Editor Semi-Weekly Herald.

W-5J1EH* f QDffS^IBUJO^ ESTABLISHED 1879.

Or^ap of t^ Ybur^ /T]ei/s /ritual Improu^m^t flS50(^iatio9S. ****** Vol. XII Boundjwill soon be ready, and will contain

Twelve Full Page Engravings, including the magnificent Steel Plate of Apostle Orson Pratt, engravings of Daniel H. Wells, Wm. C. Staines, Parley

P. Pratt, and others, and copies of famous Paintings.

Also Music and interesting and invaluable matter for preservation.

Political Papers, Poems, and important M.

I.

Association Instructions.

The following named are some of the contributors:

Moses Thatcher, B. H. Roberts, C. W. Penrose, H. J. Grant, Judge Zane, J. M. Zane, J. L. Rawlins, J. H.

Paul, Calvin Reasoner, S. A. Merritt, Ruby Lamont, H. W. Naisbitt, Dr. Talmage, Willard Done,

Milando Pratt, J.H.Martineau, Ken Denys, Josephine pencer, Andrew Jenson, George E.

Blair, L.

M.

Hewlings, Genevieve Browne and other prominent writers.

LOOK OUT FOR OUR prospeetu5 for \/olu/T\e 5f?irt<?eQ.

This is the Magazine for the People, and Costs only $2.00 per year; $2.50 bound.

We have a few complete sets of the Contributor, Vol.

I to Vol.

XII, and they can be secured by giving orders early.

The first volumes are now out of print and it will soon be difficult to purchase them.

U/e bav<? F^E/T^Ou FD fiEtf copiTDTiofi m\% SEC ND FLOOR—No. 239 Take the Elevator.

She Contributor Company, p. o Box 520.

Jalt UKe Qity, Utal?

LM.RUMSEY MANUFACTURING CO.

MANUFACTURERS & JOBBERS OF SANITARY SPECIALTIES, Foundry and Railway Supplies.

PUMPS WOOD AND IRON WORKING MACHINERY.

AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS.

LEAD PIPE, SHEET LEAD AND GAS PIPE.

PLUMBERS, STEAM & GAS FITTERS SUPPLIES.

References—D. James Co., and Z.

C. M.

I.

ST. LOUIS.

^ESf%MED* MALERIALtiDNEraLUNG-,>cO DISEASSE5GV)^ UTAHBOOK & STATIONERY Co SUCCESSORS TO hI H* m i/) z b M h o h Hi Z X i t—

h4 K a u D i—

i!/J b « ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, These are the.», in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of thread} The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli "built.

C. H. SAMPSON, Agent, 3!

H Hi to PJ r r r C Hi H r B r M r W a H u:

W cc >H c

THE SAFEST FOOD

FOR DURING THE SUMMER MONTHS IS HIGHLAND BRAND A COMPLETE AND READILY DIGESTED NOURISHMENT, FREE FROM ALL POSSIBLE DISEASE GERMS.

AWARDED:

A SILVER MEDAL by Mechanics'Institute, Cal., in 1887.

A GOLD MEDAL by Universal Exposition, Paris, in 1889.

EVAPORATED CREAM FOR SALE BY ALL GROCERS.

To Consumers of Pure Lara.

To meet the increasing de^ mand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers throughout Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City,

Agents for ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS CITY, MO.

en Johnnie COME5MARCHING HOME AGAIN, iWhenJohnnie come^/v^ch inchon (a pie he shall have.^)f||-'. AS BIO A3 A PAN YHE^S'UN WILLNOT^HINE ON A HAPPIEF^/nAN SUCH.DAINTIE^ NE'ER WERE COOKED BEFORE ^^OjARIEROAK WITH IT5 WIRE GAUZE DOOR!

For Sale by Z. C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

• THE CONTRIBUTOR.

Vol. XII.

SEPTEMBER, 1891.

No.

11.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

EARLY AMERICAN EMIGRATION.

A few days before the arrival of the Colesville branch in Jackson County, Mo., a revelation was given through Joseph the

Seer, in which the Lord said:

"And now concerning the gathering, let the Bishop and the agent make preparations for those families (the Colesville branch) which have been commanded to come to this land as soon as possible, and plant them in their inheritance."(Doc. & Cov., Sec.

lvii: 15.) The Colesville branch selected a place for a settlement on the Big Blue, in Kaw

Township, nearly twelve miles southwest of Independence, and near where

Kansas City now stands.

At this place Joseph the Prophet, on the 2nd of August 1831, assisted the branch to lay the first log for a house "as a foundation for Zion."The log was carried and placed in position by twelve men, in honor of the twelve tribes of Israel.

"At the same time, through prayer, the land of Zion was consecrated and dedicated for the gathering of the Saints."Sidney Rigdon offered the dedicatory prayer.

On the 3rd of August the spot for the Temple was dedicated, and on the 4th the first conference was held in the land of Zion, at the house of Joshua Lewis, in Kaw Township, in the presence of the

Colesville branch.

On the 6th, Polly Knight, wife of Joseph Knight, sen., of Colesville branch, passed away, being the first member of the Church who died in Jackson County, and Joseph the Prophet preached her funeral sermon the following day when she was buried.

The Colesville branch retained its separate branch organization after its location in Jackson County.

Newel Knight was called to preside over the branch, the members of which were numbered among the most faithful and zealous of the Saints in the land of Zion.

When Joseph paid a second visit to Jackson County in April, 1832, he made special mention of the Colesville branch and stated that the members rejoiced with him as the ancient Saints did with the Apostle Paul.

He came twelve miles from Independence to see them and spent two days with them.

The Colesville branch shared the fate of the other Saints in the general expulsion from Jackson County in November, 1833, but its members still kept together in Clay County, where they together with a few other families, who chose to locate with them, formed a small settlement on the Missouri River bottom, building themselves temporary houses.

After the Saints'removal from Clay County to Caldwell County, Missouri, in 1836, the Colesville branch lost its idenity as an organization, but most of its members, so far as I know, remained faithful to the Church till their death.

None of them are now supposed to be alive.

No detailed accounts are recorded in Church history concerning the travels of the hundreds and thousands of Saints who followed the Colesville branch to the gathering places in Ohio and Missouri, except that of the Kirtland Camp, composing the bulk of the Kirtland Saints—over five hundred in number who removed from Ohio to Missouri in 1838.

The history of Joseph Smith gives a full account of the journeyings of this remarkable camp.

It appears that most

CHURCH EMIGRA TION.

of the Saints who gathered in from the different States of the Union and Canada, came in small, unorganized companies, or only partly organized—

m most instances only a few teams traveling together.

A few larger companies, however, are mentioned in connection with emigration intoMissouri, among which was one consisting of fifty wagons and several hundred Saints from Canada, under the direction of John E. Page, which arrived in De Witt, Carroll County, Missouri, in

September, 1839; also a smaller company from the same province, under the leadership of Christopher Merkley, which arrived in De Witt a few days after Elder Page's company.

It is also worthy of note that several of the brethren who were martyred at Haun's Mill, Caldwell County, Missouri, October 30th, 1838, were emigrants from the Eastern States, who were camped in their wagons and tents behind the blacksmith shop adjacent to the mill, on the day of the massacre, not yet having decided where to locate permanently with their families.

It is estimated that about two thousand

Saints gathered to Kirtland, Ohio, in 1831-38, about twelve hundred to Jackson

County, Missouri, in 1831-33, nearly the same number into Clay and surrounding counties in 183336, and between twelve and fifteen thousand in Caldwell and adjacent counties in 1836-38.

This will give the reader an idea of the extent of the emigration up to the time the Saints were expelled from Missouri in 1839.

As the fulness of the Gospel had not yet brought fruits from foreign countries, save the British provinces in North America, the emigration up to 1838 consisted of Saints from different States of the Union, principally the Eastern States, and some from the Southern States, besides quite a number from the different eastern provinces of what is now known as the Dominion of Canada.

With the location of the headquarters of the Church at Commerce, Hancock County, Illinois, in 1839, a new chapter on Church emigration opens.

To this place, subsequently called Nauvoo, the Beautiful, and surrounding country, the exiles from Missouri flocked in large numbers, and as the Elders extended their labors into more distant parts of the

Union and deeper into Canada, emigration from these parts to the places of gathering followed as a natural consequence.

The following extract of a letter written by Heber C.

Kimball, and dated Nauvoo, July 15th, 1841, may serve to give the reader an idea of how the Saints at that time flocked into Nauvoo from different part of the country:

"On Friday last, seventy Saints came to Nauvoo, led by Lorenzo Barnes from

Chester County, Pennsylvania;

they traveled in wagons, living in tents by the way.

On the next day a company came in wagons from Canada, all in good spirits, and in the course of two or three days all obtained places to live in.

The Saints are coming in from all parts of this vast continent daily and hourly, and the work is spreading in all of this land.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

II, page 77.) In 1840, the year after Nauvoo or Commerce, as it was then called, was settled by the Saints, the emigration from Great

Britain also began to arrive in regular organized companies.

The reader will bear in mind that the British Mission was first opened in 1837, but as the Elders who first introduced the fulness of the Gospel in that land were counseled not to preach the principle of gathering, it took three years from the time the mission was first opened till the emigration from England to the headquarters of the

Church in America was commenced, and then it was done under the immediate direction of the Twelve

Apostles, a majority of whom were in England on a mission at that time, v.

BRITISH EMIGRATION TO NAUVOO.

In this and the following chapter I will confine myself to the early emigration from the British Isles, or those companies of Saints who wended their way * to Nauvoo and vicinity.

The first organized company of British

Saints which emigrated to America consisted of forty souls, under the direction of John Moon.

They sailed from Liverpool, England, in the ship Britannia, June 6, 1840, bound for New York.

The

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

4°3 second vessel was the North America which brought the first large company of

English Saints;

it sailed from Liverpool, September 7th, 1840, also bound for New

York.

On the arrival of this second co/npany at Nauvoo, Joseph Smith and other leading men of the Church at headquarters were of the opinion that a cheaper and better route than the one taken by Elder Turley's company could be found for the British emigration; and after investigating the matter it was decided that the next company of Saints from England be advised to come by way of New Orleans.

But even before this suggestion from Nauvoo had reached the British Isles, the brethren there appeared to have come to the same conclusion, as they, on October 15th, 1840, shipped the first company of Scotch Saints, under the direction of Samuel Mulliner, to New Orleans, in the ship Isaac Newton.

From that time and as long as the emigration to Nauvoo continued, the main route of travel was direct from Liverpool to New Orleans, and thence up the Mississippi River to Nauvoo, although quite a number of individuals, including one organized company (that which went in the Rochester) sailed between the seasons to New York, Philadelphia, Boston, and other American ports.

The fourth vessel to bring an organized company of British Saints to America was the Sheffield, which sailed from Liverpool in February, 1841, and was soon after followed by another company in the Echo.

About the time of the departure of the Sheffield a company of Saints, gathered from Herefordshire and the neighboring counties, sailed from Bristol.

The seventh company sailed in the Alesto in March, 1841, for New Orleans, and the eighth in the Rochester in April, 1841, for New York.

Brigham Young, and his brethren of the Twelve who were in England at the time, super intended the emigration up to April, 1841, and sent out the companies mentioned in the foregoing.

The number of souls emigrating in the Isaac Newton and the vessel sailing from Bristol are not given, but Parley P.

Pratt states that up to April, 1841, about one thousand

Saints had emigrated.

Basing my calculations on this I have estimated the Scotch com pany emigrating in the Isaac Newton at fifty souls, and those on the Bristol vessel at one hundred and eighty- one, in order to make the total foot up to just one thousand.

In an epistle of the Twelve Apostles,.

dated Manchester, England, April 15th, 1841, and signed by eight members of that quorum, Elder Amos Fielding was appointed an agent of the Church, to superintend the fitting out of the companies of emigrants from Liverpool, and to protect them from'being victimized while waiting in port to sail.

Elder Fielding being a man of much experience and good judgment, no doubt performed with satisfaction the duties assigned him.

He acted in concert with Apostle Parley P.

Pratt from April, 1841, until the departure of the latter October 29th, 1842, during which time they shipped one thousand nine hundred and ninety-one emigrants for Nauvoo, in ten companies, which sailed in the Tyrean, Chaos, Tremont, Hope, John Cummins, Hanover, Sidney, Medford, Henry, and Emerald.

After the departure of Parley P.

Pratt, on October 29th, 1842, Elders Amos Fielding and Hiram Clark acted as emigration agents, and in 1843 tneY sent out five companies in the Sivanton, Yorkshire, Claiborne, Metoka and Champion, which together carried seven hundred and seventy-two Latter-day Saints to America.

Elder Clark was sent from Nauvoo as a special agent, under instructions from the Church authorities there.

He left Nauvoo, June 23rd, 1842, and arrived in England, September 1st, following.

The next man who had charge of the emigration was Elder Reuben Hedlock, who was appointed in Nauvoo by the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, May 23rd, 1843.

He arrived in Liverpool, September 30th, 1843, anc* acted as emigration agent from that time until February, 1846, when the emigration to

Nauvoo closed.

The particulars during Elder Hedlock s agency are very deficient and some vessels

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

are altogether omitted; but Mr. Hedlock in a report, which he made in February, 1846, and which was published in the Millennial Star, Volume VII, No.

3, states that from the commencement of his agency up to February, 1846, he shipped, in nine companies, nine hundred and ninety adults, one hundred and thirteen of whom agreed to pay their passage money, amounting to ^"466 12s., in Nauvoo.

He does not appear to have shipped any Latter-day Saints afterwards, though it is possible he did.

With the understanding that many of these nine hundred and ninety adults were made up of children, two of whom would be counted for one adult, we are safe in adding one hundred and ten or one-ninth of the number given to that number, in order to get a somewhat correct total of souls, thus making it one thousand one hundred.

The number of passengers are given in six of the nine companies and foots up to six hundred and eighty-nine, thus leaving four hundred and eleven to be divided between the Palmyra and Oregon and an unnamed ship, which are the three instances where the number of passengers are not given.

By again referring to Reuben Hedlock's report, I find him explaining that he shipped one hundred and fifty adult passengers, who were Saints, from the time he moved into the Stanley buildings at Liverpool, June 1st, 1845, until January, 1846, when the emigration was suspended.

Between these two dates he sent out only two ships, namely, the Oregon and the Liverpool.

The number of Saints in the latter being forty-five as reported, it leaves one hundred and five of the one hundred and fifty adults, or about one hundred and twenty-five souls, to have sailed in the Oregon.

Deduct one hundred and twenty-five from four hundred and eleven and we have two hundred and eighty-six souls left to sail on the Paltnyra and the vessel which is not named at all but which is reported to have arrived in New

Orleans, April 18th, 1845.

The company that was preparing to sail in the Palmyra being mentioned at the time as a large one, I would naturally conclude that about two hundred persons sailed iu that ship, and that the remainder—eightysix souls—sailed in the ship not named, and I have so stated it for statistical purposes. Up to the time of Elder Hedlock's agency and during a part of it, neariy the whole tide of immigration poured into

Nauvoo, but still some of the immigrants settled in other villages and settlements of Illinois in the southwest corner of what was then the Territory of Iowa.

The main object, however—that of building up Nauvoo—was never lost sight of, and the Prophet Joseph and the Twelve Apostles constantly exhorted the emigrating Saints, who had capital, to establish manufactories in that city, that employment might be given to the laboring classes as they arrived, and the interests of all be enhanced.

After the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph, the Twelve Apostles, in a general epistle dated August 5th, 1844, and addressed to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Nauvoo and all the world, wrote as follows about emigration:

"On the subject of the gathering let it be distinctly understood that the city of Nauvoo and the Temple of our Lord, are to continue to be built up according to the pattern which has been commenced, and which has progressed with such rapidity thus far.

"The city must be built up and supported by the gathering of those who have capital and are willing to lay it out for the erection of every branch of industry and manufacture which are necessary for the employment and support of the poor, or of those who depend wholly on their labor; while farmers, who have capital, must come on and purchase farms in the adjoining country, and improve and cultivate the same.

In this way all may enjoy plenty, and our infant city may grow and flourish, and be strengthened an hundred fold; and unless this is done it is impossible for the gathering to progress, because those who have no other dependence cannot live together without industry and employment.

"Therefore let capitalists hasten here,

A GLIMPSE—OR MORE?

and they may be assured we have nerves, sinews, fingers, skill and ingenuity sufficient in our midst to carry on the necessary branches of industry.

"The Temple must be completed by a regular system of tithing, according to the commandments of the Lord, which He has given as a law unto the Church by the mouth of His servant Joseph."{Millennial Star, vol. V., page 93.)

In March, 1845, the Saints preparing to emigrate from Great Britain, who were wholly dependent upon their labor for support, were advised to emigrate to New York, Philadelphia, Pittsburg, Salem, Boston, and other large towns in the Eastern States, where branches of the Church existed, and where employment could be procured, which would give the emigrants the means to go west when the way should open.

(See Millennial Star, vol.

V., page 154).

The Star is silent as to whether any availed themselves of this opportunity.

Three companies emigrated by way of New Orleans, the last of which sailed in the ship Liverpool, January 16th, 1846.

This was the thirty-second company of emigrating Saints from Great Britain and the forty-five members composing the same, added to those who had previously sailed in the other thirty-one companies, made a total of four thousand eight hundred and sixty-three souls.

Estimating that at least one hundred and thirty-seven Saints at different times, between the years 1840 and 1846, had sailed for the different ports in the United States in unorganized conditions, we have a grand total of five thousand souls who emigrated from the

British Isles to Nauvoo and surrounding country.

Andrew Jenson.

A GLIMPSE—OR MORE?

There are words that will linger for aye;

There are thoughts that forever will burn;

In the caverns of memory they stay;

Or unwelcome, at times, they return

There are songs that we cannot forget;

There is music that wraps by its spell;

There are faces we long ago met,

And longings we never can tell

Not because these were good, or were ill, Because they brought pleasure or pain;

They captured the heart and the will,

As if loved once before—then again

An echo A dream When or where?

In the cycles of infinite past?

Did we know?

Did we feel over there?

Were there memories then, of a past?

Comes answer to queries of soul?

Are enigmas forever unsolved?

While this speck, called the earth, is to roll,

Or the universe changeless revolved?

Is't a silent, immutable law, That nothing shall perish or die?

That word, thought, and act, without flaw.

Are impressed where eternities fly?

That waters of Lethe, in vain,

May lave all these records of old?

While the past, present, future, remain,

Indestructible, even as gold?

Ah, Thought! Ah, my memory, how strange,

Thou product of mind—of the soul

A spark, with Divinity's range;

A part of that marvelous whole

Enshrined in the meanest of clay,

Yet destined forever to swell,

From vision of limit—to-day, Then the secrets of Godhead to tell

Nay, to reach that magnificent height,

Past Kolob's unquenchable fires;

To dwell with the Gods in that light,

Which the humblest in earth-life inspires

Doth it blind?

This ineffable ray Is it wisdom to man first revealed?

But a flash from the glory of day,

But a glimpse of design unrepealed

As we bend to our "toil"once again,

Give strength, Lord, to fathom the right,

Thy Spirit the old thought to retain,

And the "new one"forever indite

Hemy ]V. Naisbitt.

GALLS AND GALL-FLIES.

Without doubt most of us are familiar with the general appearance of common galls,—those strange enlargements to be seen on the stems and leaves of many plants.

The galls of the oak, the willow, and the wild rose are among the examples most easily to be found.

Figure i is a sketch of oak-galls; these are found usually upon the stems or the petioles.

The well know oak-apples, illustrated in figure 2, are outgrowths of the leaves.

The cause of these foreign growths on plants forms a proper subject of inquiry.

They were once supposed to be the actual fruit of the plant: indeed, the Chinese have named them "fruits for the foodless,"but this belief is now known to be unfounded; the galls are doubtless abnormal growths.

Let us take an ordinary oak-apple, of the kind sketched in figure 2, and cut it through so as to expose an entire section.

We find it to be generally solid, though somewhat pulpy and juicy toward the middle; at the center we see a small cavity, within which is a tiny, lightcolored grub, not unlike a maggot.

This is in reality the larva of an insect, appropriately called the gall-fly.

The adult fem a 1 e fly p u nctures the plant at the chosen spot, and de- -j posits her egg there;

very soon a swelling may be observed on the plant;

this grows rapidly, the vegetable tissue undergoing peculiar changes whereby it becomes adapted as food for the baby insect, which soon escapes from the egg and appears as the grub already referred to.

Figure 4 represents such a larva from the oak-apple, see fig 2.) Great diversity of opinion exists as to the immediate cause of the gall swelling;

the most popular belief, however, is that the female insect in depositing her egg, injects with it a small quantity of an lrriFig.i Fig.

2.

tating fluid, which gives rise to hypertrophy of the plant cells.

In many instances this belief appears to be well founded;

in others, however, the larva itself seems to be the existing cause.

It is remarkable that each species of gallfly confines itself to a particular kind of plant, and usually to a special part of the chosen plant.

Indeed, one plant is often attacked by several kind of flies, each of the insect species despositing eggs in a separate organ of the plant.

The galls so produced are very characteristic in size and shape, so that it is possible to determine the identity of the attacking insect by examining the resulting gall.

How is it possible that a substance capable of producing chemical irritation

GALES AND GALL-FLIES.

could give rise to such characteristic growths?

The growth of galls is not at present understood by man.

Returning now to the diversity of kind among the galls, let us glance at a swollen twig, (figure 5,) of the wild rose.

This gall is particularly beautiful, being of bright colors, and covered with bristles.

In the sketch is seen the gall when detached and cut open.

Such a section shows the gall to be compound—possessing a number of cells or separate apartments, each tenanted by a larva.

The rose seems to be a favorite among the gall-flies, the stems, roots and leaves being all frequently attacked.

One species of these insects punctures the stems of rose bushes, producing thereon large irregular excrescences, of hard, woody material. Each of these growths comprises (f many cells, and shelters great numbers of the lg '4 'immature insects.

Figure 6 shows such an enlargement of the rose stem, with many perforations through which the insects have made their exists.

Very irregular galls are produced by Fig.

5- different species of Asiatic insects;

in figure 7 we see sketches of galls from China, (left figure), and from Japan (right figure).

Some galls native to Asia are, however, very regular in shape:

the Aleppo galls, commonly called nut g lis, are almost perfectly spherical.

Figure 8 shows such, whole and in section. These galls are produced by a small insect on the oak trees of western Asia; they constitute an important article of commerce, being used extensively in the manufacture of dye stuffs and ink.

Most galls, but especially the Aleppo galls, contain as an ingredient of their material, the substance known tochemFig. 6.

ists as gallic acid;

this is an important agent in the production of certain coloring matters.

Having considered, though but briefly, the chief characteristics of the galls themselves, it will surely be of interest to

Fig.

7.

examine a few of the insects which form the galls.

The gall-flies belong mostly to the hymenoptera,—the word meaning "membrane-winged,"and applies to this division of the insects because of the filmy wings possessed by most 01 them.

By this classification the gall-flies are seen to be near relatives of bees, wasps, and saw flies;

these being also hymenopters.

A few species of gall insects belong to the families of flies proper, or two-winged insects;

but the typical or four-winged gall-flies are the most generally known.

It is characteristic of hymenopterous insects, that the females possess some kind of piercing instrument,

IDLENESS.

either a sting or a saw; sometimes this is used as a means of defense, as in the case with bees and wasps; by others it serves to provide receptacles for the eggs.

To the latter use the gall-flies apply their piercers.

Most of the gall-flies are small and inFig.

8.

conspicuous creatures.

Figure 9 shows the insect that produces the small galls on oaks, (figure 1);

it is technically known as Cynips quercus/olius, and is commonly called the oak-gall fly.

A much smaller insect pro du c e s the larger excresas oak apples proper, (figure 2); the larva of this creature has been shown in figure 4, and here, in figure is sketched the adult insect, Cynip confluens, or the oak-apple gall fly.

The rose galls are produced by# the interesting little insect sketched in figure Fig.

9.

known 11, natural size and enlarged. This isCynips dichlocerus, the specific name having reference to the curiously colored antennae, which are red at the lower part, and black beyond, In the majority of cases, the gall-flies undergo their full series of transformation within the galls; but some instances are known wherein the larvae leave the galls arfd complete the cycle of their life changes in the ground.

To procure subjects for examination, it is well to select a gallladen bush; open several of( the excrescences and secure the larvae, and tie pieces of Fig. 10.

muslin about other galls, so that 'the insects as they issue from their curious habitations will be caged.

Occasionally the galls are found to be tenanted by insects of a different kind, such indeed as do nothing toward.producing the abnormal growths.

These little creatures simply take Fig. 11.

possession of the galls, and share the accommodations with the rightful owners of these strange houses.

Such intruders were once known as inquilines;

but the name "guest gall flies"is now more popular, and certainly very expressive.

J. E. Talmage.

IDLENESS.

Idle folks have no desire, No noble thought or aim;

No ambition, nor aspire To greater love or fame.

Idle men most always are Behind a vail or screen;

Often seen in places where They'd rather not be seen.

Idle hands which nothing do, Will misery bring through life;

Making friends quite wretched too,

And causing woe and strife.

Idle boys and girls will find In this a solemn truth:

Idleness of every kind Will follow idle youth.

Idle words are always vain, Like shadows on the lea;

Echo only comes again As waves roll back to sea.

Idle brains doth Satan use To foster crime and sin, Covered with a paltry ruse To hide the shame within.

Idle thoughts to evil tend And righteous thoughts dispel,

Preparing victims to descend The pathway down to hell.

Idleness the world all o'er Is gaining ground quite fast;

The high the low—rich and poor

Seem smitten with its blast.

Oliver Belnap.

EVOLUTION AND

CREATION.* I wish to preface my remarks upon the subject of evolution, by stating that evolution is a science which aims to prove that all the creations of God are based upon the unfolding and developing of physical laws and conditions exclusively;

that nothing can be attributed directly to miraculous power, or to the direct operations of a divine being; that great results are attained only by a continuous progressive change in the laws of nature in the animal kingdom; and that these changes are attributed namely to natural selection and the use or disuse of the functions of organic forms.

Like all other sciences discovered by the wisdom and genius of man, evolution contains many fallacies and errors, as well as many germs of truth.

It will, therefore, be my purpose to show that beyond these physical laws, with their variations—beyond the great results these laws develop—there is a master mind, a directing agency, a superior power, an embodiment of creative intelligence, a celestial immortal being—existing in advance of physical existence and laws—a being whom we call God.

To admit evolution in its entirety as taught by scientists of our day, we introduce infidelity, which by fallacious and subtle reasoning destroys all confidence and belief in spiritual organized matter.

There can be no question that it is our duty as intelligent beings to make ourselves acquainted with all truths which exist in heaven and on earth; to grasp all knowledge which pertains to the creation of God.

Man can attain to this knowledge through the exercise of his intellectual faculties.

In the exercise of our reason on the subject of the origin of the earth and the origin of man, we find there are many barriers in the way; some of which can be attributed to physical weakness and debility and some to other and perhaps more potent causes, such as errors entailed by traditions and the speculative *A lecture delivered by Elder Joseph Stanford before the Y. M. M.

I. A.

of the Third Ward, Ogden City.

reasoning and theories of men, enshrouding the same in mystery.

To penetrate the gloom we are dependent upon aid rendered by a higher, a more perfectly developed intellectual organization, to assist us in our researches to arrive at facts.

Man of his own wisdom cannot find out God.

As in our growth from infancy to manhood, we depend upon the experienced guiding minds of parents, guardians and teachers, to assist in the development of thought and intellectual culture, so chat we can comprehend that which will be for our profit and benefit, as well as that which is of the opposite nature, so in like manner we depend upon inspirational influence to guide us in arriving at correct conclusions in which questions and subjects pertaining to immortality are involved.

We think we are prepared to admit, what appears to be a self-evident fact, that human beings have, what we will here term for convenience sake, a double nature,—the spiritual and the physical.

These conclusions are reached practically by a study of the scriptures, which inform us that God created all, first spiritual, second temporal;

also that He is the father of our spirits.

The spiritual is designated the immortal part; and it must be admitted that if there is any perpetual existence, any immortality about either, it belongs to the spiritual part, tor when death, from any cause, brings a separation of the spirit from the temporal, or physical part, the latter decays and passes back to earth, no matter how well formed and developed it may have been.

The brain may have been large and all the faculties and senses well developed and though intellectual genius may have shown with a great brilliancy and power, the whole becomes inanimate by death;

all is as silent and still as blocks of wood or stone.

What shall we say then of the absent part, the part which manifested all the essences of life and intellectual power?

Shall we call it a "conscious existence?"a "property of physical organism?"a theory set up by certain naturalists, evolutionists and professors of mental philosophy?

Heaven

4io EVOLUTION AND CREATION.

forbid!

As well might we say that steam, which is the motive power of a locomotive, is the property of iron and steel.

True the machinery of the locomotive has to be constructed and arranged according to certain given principles or laws pertaining to the harmony of motion to allow of the steam to deliver its force with effect;

at the same time the steam in this respect is a self-existing independent agency possessing the properties of other substances.

We think by this simple illustration, or comparison, that we have, in a brief manner, demonstrated the separate existence of the spiritual and physical part, or body.

We believe that man is a progressive being, and so far we admit the theory of evolution.

But the evolution, believed in and taught by men who claim to lead in progressive thought in this science, we cannot accept;

it is too objectionable to every better sense and feeling of refined nature.

We can concede that the long entertained sectarian doctrine, that God's word alone created the world, brought stars into being and gave the beasts of the field and the fowls of the air their existence, has given way to a more enlightened, consistent and natural view of the subject.

And if we admit that evolution applied as the principle by which the world was created by a gradual unfolding of principles and laws operating upon the elements through successive ages—if we admit that these laws and forces brought about the creation of this planet—we cannot endorse the application to a still continuous evolutionary change which it is understood by Huxlsy, Spencer, Allen and other writers to be undergoing;

that by its own inherent powers of gravitation it still enlarges by attracting the atoms of matter which fill the illimitable depths of space surrounding it.

Spencer states that where "the old school saw cataclysms and miracles the new school sees slow development;"in other words he might have said we have exchanged scriptural writings and authority—the ethics of Moses and Jesus for evolution as taught by Darwin and other naturalists and geologists of the nineteenth century.

Whether the earth took six thousand years or more or less in its formation is not material to the purpose of this lecture.

We believe, however, that when God came upon this planet, immediately prior to His giving it as a heritage to man, that the laws pertaining to its creation had received their full development;

in iact the Lord was well pleased with it as the result of His great creative power, and he pronounced it finished on the sixth and rested on the seventh day.

It was through man's disobedience in keeping certain laws governing his course on the earth, given to him by his Creator, that the earth underwent great and important deteriorating changes.

According to Bible history, in the days of Noah a flood of rain swept over the earth's entire surface covering it many feet deep;

the foundations thereof were broken up, and it was covered with water for many days, or until the ark with its living freight landed upon Mount Ararat.

In the days of Peleg the earth was divided.

At other periods seas and rivers overflowed their bounds.

Earthquakes produced the sudden sinking away of towns and cities, and the elevation of mountain regions, producing deep ravines and canon gorges.

Volcanoes burst forth and with their molten fire covered up the habitations of men and their magnificent surroundings.

These commotions in nature, marring the whole face of this once beautiful planetary creation, was not the work of "gradual slow development;"and this denial is more than confirmed.

When we refer to the time of the death of the Son of God, let what immediately followed His crucifixion and resurrection, as predicted by prophetic power and as recorded not only in the sacred writings of Scripture, but also penned by the great Jewish historian Josephus, stand as facts to deny the modern theory (of evolution) as applied to the causes of the changed, deformed, convulsed appearance of this once fair vvorld. To refer to these periods, and the manner in which these great events and changes occurred in all their details, is

EVOLUTION AND

CREATION.

not necessary at the present time.

What we have already stated serves the purpose in denying the "slow gradual development"and goes to establish the evidences of the existence of a divine power, an overruling agency, superior in its effects and operations to physical laws, regulating independently the creations of

God.

We will now return to man.

If we admit in part evolution (applied) as the principle upon which the world was created—a gradually unfolding of principles and laws operating upon the elements through successive ages—this cannot be admitted as an argument that man has descended from the lower animals, that he has come up through certain changes, from the lowest order of animated physical existence, to his present manly form.

To imagine that we once belonged to the lowest order of animal creation is an absnrd idea, and one which will not bear the test of reason.

The argument used, in great part, to establish this theory is that the use or disuse of the functions of any portion of the organism of animals, either man or beast, results in a change of structural form, and although these variations may be ever so slight in one generation, they are continued perpetually through the reproductive laws of nature so that through a succession of ages an entire change in form is the na-'tural result.

Natural history is quoted wherein instances are given of the "diminution of the jaws of dogs by their having been petted and pampered and fed on soft food, so that the apparatus for tearing and masticating has decreased in size through the disuse of these functions."That "in domestic rabbits the want of exercise,has modified the proportional length of the limbs in comparison with the body;"also "that our domestic ducks, geese and other fowls have almost lost their power of flight;

through disuse the length and scope of the wing is being gradually reduced."

In all classes of animals and fowls, statements purporting to be facts, are related showing the effects of use and disuse in changing the length of legs, the form of the jaw, the character of the ear, the facial expression, the length of intestines, and in various other ways modifications and changes in the structural forms, in nature.

Darwin in his "Descent of Man,"says:

"I attribute all changesof corporal structure and mental power to the inherited effects of use and disuse with respect both to the body and the mind."Again:

"I think there can be no doubt that use in our domestic animals has strengthened and enlarged certain parts and disuse diminished them; and that such modifications are inherited."

Spencer says:

"It is proved that change in the balance of functions registers its effects on the reproductive elements which are transmitted in their most minute details, both as regards civilized man and other animals."Again he says:

"What shall we say then of general implication?

Are we to stop short with the admission that inheritance of functionally produced modifications takes place universally?"The same author further says:

"If we admit the inheritance of functionally produced changes, we are justified in concluding that this inheritance of functionally produced changes has been, not simply a co-operating factor in organic evolution, but has been a co-operating factor without which organic evolution in its higher forms, at any rate, could never have taken place."To follow these authors through all their mystic meanderings expressing their views on evolutionary changes in the different creations of organic life, although very interesting and in many respects instructive, showing a great depth of thought and minute research on a science which it is stated that "there existed thirty years ago no tenable theory about the genesis of living things,"we do not deem necessary.

We have quoted sufficient to get a clear and definite understanding of the position taken relative to the principal of evolution, its bearing and application to the world, to man, and the other creations of organic life.

We will now present for consideration some of the leading and most prominent features of Darwin's philosophy in his "Descent of Man."

EVOLUTION AND CREATION

The predigree of man according to Darwin's theory is traced as follows "First, A marine animal of the maggot form.

Second,A group of lowly organized fishes.

Third, Ganoid and other fishes.

Fourth, The Amphibians.

Fifth, The ancient Marsupials.

Sixth, The Quadrumana and all the higher mammals.

Seventh, The Lemuroidea.

Eighth, Simiadae.

Ninth, Old world monkey, and New world monkey.

Tenth, Man."These ten classes, or groups, of animals are supposed to be connected together by intermediate deversified forms which go through certain transitions.

At this point, to ascertain more clearly and logically the meaning or understanding to be conveyed by Darwin in his theory on "The Descent of Man,"we have thought it advisable to quote Mr. George

Ticknor Curtis, and give briefly his criticism on this predigree, as we believe that this gentleman has reviewed this subject in all fairness, without prejudice, with the sole view to benefit the reading public.

He says:

"First, The group of marine animals—that is to say, an aquatic animal in the form of a grub, caterpillar, or worm, which is the first condition of an insect from the egg.

We are told that these animals were provided with gills for respiration in the water, but with the most important organs of the body such as the brain and heart, imperfectly or not at all developed.

It is manifest that this creature is a mere hypothesis, constructed no doubt by the aid of analogy, but existing only in the eye of scientific imagination.""Second, The group of lowly organized fishes.

These are said to have probably been derived from the above aquatic worm, and they are described to have been as lowly organized as the lancelet which is a known fish of negative character, without brain, vertebral column, or heart and consisting of a simple tough leathery sack with two small projecting orifices, and somewhat resemble tadpoles, and have the power of swimming freely about.""Third, The Ganoids.

It is said these fishes descending from the others were covered with peculiar enameled bony scales, and possessed a swim bladder, which was converted into an organ used exclusively for respiration.""Fourth, the Amphibians.

Here we come to what is now a very numerous group, of which it is said the first specimens received, among other modifications the transformation of the swim bladder of their fish progenitors, into an air breathing lung.

But whether the advance from an animal living in the water and incapable of existing out of that element, to an animal capable of living on the land as well as in the water, was small or large, we look in vain at present for the facts that constitute that advance.""Fifth, The ancient Marsupials.

These were an order of mammals such as the exisiting kangaroos, opossums, etc., of which the young, born in a very incomplete state of development, are carried by the mother in a ventral pouch.

They are supposed to have been the predecessors of the Placental mammals in which the embryo, after it has attained a certain stage, is united to the mother by avascular connection called the placenta, which enables the young to be born in a more complete state.""Sixth, the Quadrumana and all the Placental mammals. These are supposed to stand between Implacental mammals and the Lemurids.

The latter were a group of four handed animals distinct from the monkeys and, "resembling the insectivorous quadrupeds.""Seventh, the Lemuroidea. This branch of the Placental mammals is now only actually represented by a few varieties.""Eighth, Simiadae.

This is the general term given by naturalists to the whole group of monkeys, and between these last two divisions the interval is not very wide.""Ninth, the Catarrhine or old world monkeys.

These are the great stem or branch of the Simiadae, which became the progenitors of man.

His immediate progenitors were probably a group of monkeys called by naturalists Anthropomorphous Apes, being a group without tails, and in other respects resembling man."

EVOLUTION AND

CREATION.

"Tenth, man.

We have now arrived at the wonder and glory of the universe, and have traced his pedigree from a lower form of animal in the shape of an aquatic worm through successive higher form, each developed out of its predecessor by the operation of fixed laws and without the intervention of any act of creation anywhere in the series."

How Darwin in this his evolutionary descent of man can find among his earnest supporters, men of thought and intellectual culture is a matter of mystery to us.

To say that his arguments are weak and full of assumption would be treating the question in a mild form when we consider the indignity placed upon the human race.

But viewing this subject from a scientific point of view and giving him all the benefit of all the inferences and probabilities used in his arguments, the whole theory is lacking in that array of proofs necessary, to our mind, to give the doctrine of evolution in the descent of man any credence.

Prominent among our objections to the ideas advanced we will refer to the "fifth"change—to the Marsupials.

Here is the transformation of the reproduction power of a mongrel specie hatched from the egg, converted into an animal, and in a very incomplete state of formation, carried by the mother in a ventral pouch, kangaroo fashion, and nourished and fed by milk from its mother's breast.

How this transition or change is effected or brought about is not explained, only in this wise, which is purely of the hypothetical order:

"That there was a struggle among the individuals of one specie for food, aided by a struggle for the possession of the females by the growth and development of organs useful to the animals in the two battles, and by the transmission of these enlarged powers and improved weapons to offspring and possibly by the crossing of different varieties of the new animals thus produced."What consistency or reason their is in this kind of logic we will leave our hearers to judge.

In the sudden change at this stage in the structural form it is evident there must be a missing link.

Again, the principle of the organic construction and manner of perpetuating the species in the two cases, the one from the egg after a process of superficial heat, the other to be formed and nourished in the body, are at such variance with each other, so erroneously dissimilar that no system of analogous reasoning will reconcile such conflicting conditions and make them acceptable to the rnind.

And so strikingly different is its immediate predecessor of the Amphibians or fish order as to bear no resemblance to its own progeny.

The "ninth"change to the ape—a monkey without a tail.

This animal being minus hie caudal appendage seems to be fitted by nature, according to Darwin, to emerge into man.

We would have been pleased had this gentleman explained how this animal became dispossessed of this portion of his anatomy.

The use or disuse theory as applied by

Darwin to birds and animals causing an increase or decrease in size and form in organic structure, certainly could not be applied to the ape or monkey for we could as readily admit of the loss of the head of this animal, in fact every other part of the body through the lack of functional exercise, as to believe he lost his tail from any such cause as indisposition to "wag it"for an illimitable period of time.

Professor Huxley in treating upon the differences and resemblances in the structure and development of the brain in man and apes says:

"The cerebral hemispheres in man and the higher apes are disposed after the very same pattern, and there is a fundamental agreement between the brain in man and the orang and ape."

But although there may be resemblances throughout the different parts of this organ, these resemblances do not show that these two animals decended from the same stock;

in fact both Huxley and Darwin admit there is a "missing link between the Catarrhine and Platyrhine monkeys, those with and those without tails,"and they cannot trace or find the progenitor of that branch without tails, hence here is an important break in the chain which is supposed to connect man with the monkey species.

Darwin himself virtually admits that

4 i4 EVOLUTION AND CREATION.

there is no means of connecting these two species of animals together only by an imaginary progenitor, wherein he says: "The early progenitor of the whole

Simian stock, including man, is an undiscovered animal which may not have been indentical with, or may not even have resembled, any existing ape or monkey."

Now if we admit the resemblance claimed between the brain of man and the ape or monkey this cannot in any way go to establish the theory of the "evolutionary changes in animal out of animal"as advocated by Darwin; for as long as the monkey specie has been known to man it has evolved no other form, undergone no change.

Again, there are equally strong resemblances of body and in the offices of different organs to be found between the horse and other animals with man, but by no evolution theory has it been suggested that man descended from the horse or any other similar animal.

Again, if the brain in each is the same and the brain independently of itself possesses the properties of mind, thought, intellect—how is it the contrast is so great in this respect?

It would be an insult, degradation to man, to offer to make the comparison.

The similarity said to exist between the brain of man and of monkey we think, to say the least, is very questionable.

During the six thousand years that man has dwelt upon the earth what change has there taken place in his physical form?

To this question there is but one answer—none. The slight variations, through the use or disuse of certain functions affecting in a minute degree organic form, has made no material change.

The different faces and species in the animal kingdom especially cannot have passed through those changed conditions developing the new structural designs ascribed to them by the Darwinian theory.

The conditions of the human race upon the earth contending with new circumstances, changes in climate, in habits, all have been so varied and fluctuating, that different tribes and races have vaciliated between the two extremes, at different periods, of barbaric habits and customs, to the most refined and elevated pursuits of intellectual life in the use of some and a comparative disuse of others of their physical and mental powers.

So if they have lost at one time they have gained at another.

If they have retrograded at one stage they have retraced their steps and recovered at another, thus keeping an evenly balanced form.

Man has through al time and through the ever varying changed conditions of physical duration retained his original identity.

He was formed first spiritually, second, physically or temporally.

The bodily or physical organism was formed after the exact pattern of the spiritual form, and one could not change without the other.

The spirit fills the body.

If bodily defects exist through physical laws being violated from any cause whatever, the spirit yields submissively anticipating the time when such defeats will be remedied though it may have to pass through death into the resurrection before such anticipations are realized.

The spirit—the intellectual part, manifests itself through the physical organs, senses and functions.

It is subject to no transformation.

It is the express image and likeness of the outward physical form.

It was so in the beginning and will so endure through all time to come.

Increased intelligence, influence, power, immortality, celestial glory, will intensify and add to the brilliancy and glory of both spirit and body without changing its form or features.

The past fifty years have seen a greater development in the unfolding of the power of the mind, in the manifold exalted truths discovered in science, in art and in all the professions than has been witnessed in any previous fifty decades of time.

It cannot be admitted then as good argument that because there is some affinity between the nature of man and the rest of the animal creation, that man has derived his origin from any of the lower types of animals.

If the horse, the cow, the dog, did not show, or in other words, did not possess in part or in a limited de - gree, many of the attributes of man, how

THE AUTOGRAPH ALBUM.

could they be made to serve his purpose and be directed to the use and blessing ot the human race?

At the same time the fact exists that they are lacking in the moral and intellectual endowments and faculties so distinguishingly characteristic of man.

In this respect, in intellectual power, there is no comparison or likeness any more than there is in the physical form or shape.

It is, therefore, unnatural to believe that in evolution, so interpreted, we find the sequel to the origin of the organic structural being of man.

It is also according to the immutable laws of all nature, that every grade of animated existence retains its own form and identity.

So marked is this strong affinity and sympathy in each to its own kind that it is averse to mixing with species and classes not its own;

it has no desire instinctively or otherwise in this direction.

In exceptional cases when, through forced circumstances created by the direction of man, some classes have been compelled to intermix, the result has been to deteriorate instead of to improve, so marked has been the remonstrances in nature againts any violation of the laws pertaining to the procreative powers of the different species of the animal creation.

(To be concluded next month.) THE AUTOGRAPH ALBUM.

My autograph album?

Yes, indeed.

You may read, if you wish, my dear.

There are words of wisdom 'twere good to heed,

There are words of love and cheer;

Friendship depicted in glittering show, Friendship and wisdom and love you know.

If ever you doubt of the truth of life,

Just read your album—

'twill end your strife.

Here one avows his eternal truth

And love that would never die:

Ha! ha! forever to that fond youth Meant a day 'neath a summer sky

Another as deeply in love as he

Was true—as the hearts of most men can be

But there You are young and your heart is warm, I must not be bitter, 'twill do you harm.

These are friendly words of a sweet young heart

That loved me well, I know;

We sighed farewell, and in hope did part,

In the dear lost long ago.

Never again did I see her face, But they say that her heart hath grown in grace

Amid tears and trials.

Ah, me! Ah, me Well, turn the leaf, dear, and let us see.

Oh, that was a lady with large brown eyes,

Adored as a goddess grand I believed that beneath the bright blue skies,

There was none so good in the land 'Twas the world's sad tale—pride, deceit, and woe, But 'tis buried now in the long ago;

And my heart hath found, for its loss of trust,

A recompense still in remaining just.

That was a maiden of sweet blue eyes,

And ringlets of silken gold;

Deep down in my heart her form still lies

In love that grows never old.

I shall see her again and clasp her hand

And tell of my truth in a better land.

Her life hath been full of woes and tears,

And mine—let it pass with the vanished years

This one but looked upon life's dark sea,

And ventured her bark on its wave:

An upward look and her soul was free,

And her woes were stilled in the grave.

This was a heart that was wanting when weighed,

These in the silence of death have been laid;

Some have grown wicked and some have grown gray, And all from my clasping have long passed away.

Close it, my darling, its pages seem But the ghosts of a long dead past;

And I walk again in a phantom dream,

Too strange and too weird to last.

They were dear, are dear, as I live again In their light—but they bring a weary pain.

'Tis seldom I turn these pages o'er, And I vow I never will read them more.

You cannot know what a vista grows

Deep, deep in my heart to-day:

The summer sunshine, the winter snows,

That have passed, with my friends, away.

In the sea of life we but touch their hands

Then smilingly pass to the unknown lands;

The world may part us with sordid strife, Death, distance, or coldness—for this is life

Ruby Lament,

THE

INFLUENCE OF FICTION.

Of the many books that direct the destinies of men now days, works of fiction wield a great influence.

Some one has said, "you may judge a man more truly by the books and papers which he reads, than by the company which he keeps, for his associates are in a manner, imposed upon him; but his reading is the result of choice, and the man who chooses a certain class of books and papers unconsciously become more colored in their views, more rooted in their opinions, and the mind becomes fettered to their ideas."Now if things were as they ought to be, history and biography would satisfy the cravings of man.

But history treats of dry facts, and biography gives the lives of great men, and unfortunately the majority of the people don't care much about either.

They seem to prefer ordinary occurrences and ordinary people and the historian is pushed aside, and the novelist takes his place.

If proper fiction is selected it cannot always be said that people prefer the false to the true;

for though, probably, the story never occurred, it may be a picture of real life.

Though the parable of the prodigal son is a fable, the incident ofthe boy running away from home, spending his money among strangers, and coming back a beggar to be forgiven by his parents, is too true.

Homer's Iliad wrought itself into the soul of Alexander, and became the brain and sword with which he conquered the world.

To the child everything is wonderful and strange.

Big strangers seem giants;

unseen gifts come from fairies or Santa Claus; and cats, dogs and even dolls can talk if they like.

Accordingly, the character in a fairy tale must be very wonderful.

The naughty characters are great, big giants, like Blunderbore and Cormoran; and the heroes are little bits of fellows like Hop-o'my-thumb, and Jack the Giant Killer. The good people are all very, very good, and the bad people are all very, very bad.

But the child soon becomes a boy and then he must have a book like Robinson Crusoe;

where a boy runs away from home, gets washed on a coast where none but cannibals dwell;

runs to a cave; finds a gun and lots of ammunition; has a great many narrow escapes, and finally gets away.

The boy clutches his book in one hand, a chunk of bread and butter in the other, devours them both, and when through, pronounces it a great book.

But he soon discovers that he needs a looking-glass, and gazing into it, gets his first idea of manly beauty.

He is very particular about his manner of dress, the color of his necktie, the parting of his hair, and the size of his shoes.

He fondly dreams of a rose-tinted future of beauty and bliss; and agrees admirably with the bard who says:

"New hopes may bloom, and days may come,

Of milder, brighter beam, But there's nothing half so sweet in life,

As a young man's first love dream."

He must read poetry, and the elements of his book must be a beautiful lady and a devotional love, who rescues her from a hated wealthy rival and delivers her to the threshold of a happy marriage, which ends with a delightful monotory of unmitigated bliss.

But if the man's mind be of a deeper turn, he hunts for reading that will not only give him pleasure, but will enable him to more easily travel the rugged journey of life.

Such works have three objects in view First, they give recreation to the mind;

Second, they teach history; Third, They picture forth human character.

If we read the proper books, our minds will "grasp the grand ideas of spirits far greater than our own; our hearts will inherit their glowing sentiments;

and our souls enlarge into greater, nobler beings."

When the body becomes weak through overwork, a change is recommended. So with the mind; when it becomes burdened with the turmoils of life, a good book rests it and strengthens it.

Its charms carry us away from our tormenting thoughts, interest us with new scenes, gently exercise our thinking faculties, and restore our health and happiness.

KEEPING THE BABY HAPPY.

Dickens, Burns, Addison and Scott write in such noble flowing strains of thought as to charm the attention of all their readers.

The greatest object of fiction is to teach human character.

The lower animals, the plants, and the workings of nature are wonderful, but man is the most wonderful of all.

Shakespeare realizes man's nobility when he says "What a piece of work is man How noble in reason! how infinite in faculty in form and moving how express and admirable!

in action, how like an angel in apprehension, how like a god! the beauty of the world! the paragon of animals!"We owe it a duty to ourselves, to others and to our God to know something about human character, in order that we may be able to conduct ourselves properly toward each other.

We must learn the circumstances and the motives that cause the actions of man;

in short, we must see the inner workings of his nature, as well as his outward movements.

Swift, Thackeray, Dickens, and Shakespeare are fine delineators of the human heart;

but, the Bible surpasses all.

That book which best teaches one how to be cheerful, amiable, sympathetic, good, and noble performs the highest office; and no book can equal the bible in that work.

"The Bible is adapted to every possible variety of taste, temperament, culture and condition.

It has strong reasoning for the intellectual;

it takes the calm and contemplative, to the well balanced James; the affectionate to the loving and beloved John; the pensive to the tender lamentations and the funeral strains of Jeremiah; the sanguine to the graphic and creative Joel; the plain and practical, to the outspoken Peter; and the lover of pastoral and quiet delineations, to the sweet singer of Israel.

If you will take the wings of imagination, and leap from earth to heaven or wander through eternity, then open the Revelations and fill yourself with the glory of the New Jerusalem;

and listen to the seven thunders; and gaze on the pearly gates and golden streets of the heavenly city.""The Bible is simple, yet grand; mysterous, yet plain and though from God, it is nevertheless, within the comprehension of a little child.""There are many silver books, and a few golden books, but the Bible is worth more than all,—it is a book of banknotes."F. B.

KEEPING THE BABY HAPPY.

Keeping the baby in good health does much toward keeping him happy, though the mental and moral atmosphere surrounding him have their due influence in depressing his spirits and making his little heart glad.

His physical well-being will depend largely on his being well nourished.

The needs of babies deprived of the mother's milk will differ, and each case must be studied by itself;

but regularity in feeding is most important in all cases, and should be strictly adhered to, though a baby should never be awakened to be fed, neither should he be fed when he is angered or the mother feels irritated.

Food at such a time would occasion indigestion and consequent illnature and the meal would be better postponed or omitted.

Medicines should never be administered to babies; good nursing will bring them out of all their little ailings if anything can.

Keeping their bodies comfortable will do much toward keeping them good natured.

They should be kept warm, not hot;

their clothing should be loose and soft, and they should be given opportunity on rug or bed to roll around and kick at will.

A change of position or a drink of cold water will often ease their fretfulness.

Like the flowers, they need sunshine and fresh, pure air.

Give them a plentiful supply of the first, and see that the latter always surrounds them, even excluding from their presence those whose breaths exhale liquor or tobacco odors, and those too who are always kissing babies;

the little ones are sensative and poison may be given with a kiss.

Babies rarely cry unless something is wrong.

Anticipate their needs so that their wants may never become demands, and their little natures feel outraged.

"Provoke not your children to wrath."Do not make playthings of them or give

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

them unnecessary attention.

Teach them to entertain themselves.

They will learn this easily if you leave them alone, and they will be the happier for it.

Babies should not be taken up for crying;

the cause of the crying should be sought and remedied.

The mother who understands pre-natal influence can do much, not only to insure bodily vigor to her baby, but to predispose him to a cheerful good nature.

The magnetism of a calm, happy mind will make a baby restful and happy, and though they may not comprehend words, they understand the language of loving smiles and tender tones, and will respond with smiles, soft coos and glad crows.

To keep the Daby happy then, give him hygenic care, so that his physical development shall be normal and fill his atmosphere with a sunny-heartedness of your own, guiding him unconsciously, as occasions present themselves, into habits of obed.enceand self control, remembering ever that true happiness is harmony with the highest and comes from the subordination of the propensities to the intellect and moral nature.

Selected.

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

Having arrived with his family safe and well in the valley, Elder Pratt corralled his wagons on the Temple Block.

At that time meetings were held out of doors under a bowery.

In about two weeks he moved his family to the Seventh Ward, on a lot he purchased which had a good house and other improvements upon it.

The following year, 1852, at the April conference Elder Orson Pratt addressed the Elders on the "responsibility resting upon them to prepare for the morning of the resurrection, and for celestial glory."At this conference it was announced that

Professor Orson Pratt would deliver his last lecture on Astronomy.

He had previously delivered several of these lectures—twelve in all—which were published in the Deseret News.

A great number of the Latter-day Saints were interested in them.

Professor Pratt ever seemed anxious to awaken an interest in the higher branches of education, and at one time offered to teach the youths of Zion free of charge, if they would give their time to study.

He was teacher for some time at the University of Deseret.

A special conference of the Elders was held at the Tabernacle on the 28th and 29th of August, which was fully attended, and a most animating spirit prevailed, when many Elders were selected and set apart for various missions.

Elder Orson Pratt was selected to go to Washington, D. C.

This was his first mission from the valley.

He was appointed to preside over the Saints in the United States and the British Provinces in North America. He and the brethren left about the 15th of September, journeying by way of South Pass and Missouri river.

Elder Pratt made, Washington, D. C, his headquarters and in January, 1852, he commenced the publication of a periodical which he named The Seer, a title which he assumed for this periodical in commemoration of Joseph Smith, the Seer of the last days, who, as an instrument in the hands of the Lord, laid the foundation of the Kingdom of God, preparatory to the second coming of the Messiah to reign with universal dominion over all the earth.

The pages of the Seer were mostly occupied with original matter, elucidating the doctrines of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

The doctrine of celestial marriage for all eternity, the views of the Saints in regard to the ancient patriarchal order of matrimony or plurality of wives, as developed in a revelation given through Joseph the Seer were clearly and fully published.

The celestial origin and pre-existence of the spirits of men—their first estate or probation in a previous world—the great benefits derived by entering fleshly tabernacles, and keeping the laws of their second estate—and their final redemption and exaltation, as Gods, in their future

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

state, were subjects most clearly set forth by the author.

Some of the prophecies relating to the grand and remarkable events of the last days, one of which was the "Revelation on War"that had its commencement of fulfillment some ten years later, in the great War of the Rebellion, were also published with such commentatory lines of earnestness that the author of the Seer could well be classed with the foremost ancient and modern inspired prophets.

In the spring of 1853, Elder Pratt went to England to get some publishing done, as it could be had cheaper there.

He published "Joseph Smith the Prophet, and his Progenitors,"and republished the Seer while in England and returned in the fall to Washington, where he continued the publication of the Seer.

Among the leading subjects contained in this publication by the editor's pen which are very instructive, and we might say, intensely interesting, are articles with the following captions:

The Pre- existence of Man, Figure and

Magnitude of Spirits, Power and 'Eternity of the Priesthood, Powers of Nature, Formation of the Earth, New Revelation, Latter-day Zion, Resurrection of the Saints, The Equality and Oneness of the Saints.

We make the following extract from the author's subject on the Resurrection of the Saints:

"Among all the blessings which God has promised to fallen man, there are none greater than that of the resurrection of the body to eternal life and happiness.

The life that we now enjoy, though mingled with sorrow and trouble, is still desirable, and sought after most eagerly by man.

When death stares him in the face, he would be willing to part with thrones and kingdoms, with houses and lands, and with all his possessions, could he redeem himself from the grasp of this awful monster.

Many remedies have been sought out and prescribed, not to redeem man from death, but to shield and protect him for a few years longer from this fearful enemy.

But no one has been able to discover a remedy that will render man immortal.

All are overtaken, sooner or later, by the grim tyrant, and prostrated low in the dust.

Generation after generation fall beneath the mighty conqueror!

Oh, how dismal must be the thought of a never-ending sleep in the tomb!

Death must be bitter indeed, to those who have no knowledge of the resurrection—who lay their bodies down without the least idea of receiving them again; and yet, many hundreds of millions have passed away without the faintest hope of a future resurrection who suppose that they part with their bodies forever.

"Could man be fully persuaded that his body would rise again from the grave, and that he would live, and move, and act, as he does now, and enjoy the same that he now experiences, he would consider it a blessing far greater than earthly riches or honors;

and were he certain that such a blessing could be obtained, there would be no sacrifice too great for him to make in order to receive an immortality in a world that would afford him no greater happiness than the present one.

If, then, in a world like this, where troubles meet us on every side, we still enjoy life, and so earnestly cling to it, what would be our joy were we as sure of a resurrection to an eternal life of a most perfect happiness, where no troubles or sorrows could ever come, where death could no more enter! What tidings could be more joyful to the soul than these?

"Now, the inhabitants of this fallen world have been most positively assured by the word of God, that their bodies shall all live again—that they shall be called forth from the dust and be reorganized, and that the same spirits which have once inhabited them, shall animate them again.

This redemption of the body is not a partial one—that is, the body is not merely redeemed from the grave to a life of mortality subject to a second dissolution, but it is redeemed to immortality—the spirit being reunited with the body never more to be disunited.

"The resurrection of the body from the dust will be effected by the word and power of God.

The Spirit of God which dwells in the elements, will by His command, bring them together, depositing every particle in its proper position,

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRA TT.

so as to form a perfect tabernacle.

The deformities existing in the mortal body, will not appear in our resurrected bodies; but all who are counted worthy to receive a celestial body, will appear in the image and likeness of the glorified body"of Jesus; and his body is in the express image and likeness of his Father's person.

Paul in speaking of the resurrection says that Jesus "shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body."(Philippians iii, 21).

Notwithstanding we shall be fashioned like his body, yet there will be a variety of features and sizes by which one will be distinguished from another, the same as in this life.

The likeness will be in the general outlines—in the perfection of the organization—in the beautiful adjustment of the several parts—in the perfect symmetry of the whole and in the purity, immortality and glory with which it is filled and surrounded.

In all these respects there will be a perfect likeness.

But when sizes are compared, there will be a great variety, from the tabernacles of infants up through every grade to those of gigantic magnitude.

Although there will be an endless variety of features, yet all will appear equally glorious and beautiful; the beauty being the result of the perfection and glory of the spirit inhabiting the tabernacle.

There will undoubtedly be distinguishing characteristics relating to the age attained previous to the dissolution. This distinction will probably be manifested, in some small degree, in the countenance and in the color of the hair, and in the difference of size between the child and the man of grey hairs.

In all the works of God, we behold a resemblance among classes; but a variety among individuals belonging to each class.

All the planets of our system resemble each other more or less in form; but in magnitude and in many other respects, there is a great variety.

In every species of animals and plants, there are many resemblances in the general outlines, and many specific differences characterizing the individuals of each species.

So in the resurrection:

there will be several classes of resurrection bodies; some celestial, some terrestrial, some telestial, and some sons o predition.

Each of these classes will differ from the others by prominent and marked distinctions;

yet in each, considered by itself, there will be found many resemblances as well as distinctions.

There will be some physical peculiarity by which each individual in every class can be identified."After arguing this subject from a scientific standpoint on the question, "Will the same identical materials composing the mortal body be reorganized in the resurrection body?"and showing most conclusively that there will be a sufficient quantity of those materials brought forth to form a perfect immortal tabernacle for the spirits, Apostle Orson Pratt con"tinues the subject in the following strain of sublime thought:

"The resurrection is a gift bestowed upon all mankind.

Because of the fall the human race forfeited their bodies and lost them;

but the Son of God having given his body to the shafts of death, and suffered in man's behalf, wrought out a full and perfect redemption for the bodies of all the human family; not a redemption which immediately restores man to immortality, but a redemption which grapples with the monster death, after he has overpowered his victim and laid him low in the grave.

Justice armed death with eternal powers;

it authorized him to destroy all nations and generations, and plunge them into the dismal gulf, and to set an eternal seal upon them;

it gave him power to bind them down with everlasting chains which no man could loose; the huge gates were closed;

the bolts, and bars, and locks, were firmly fastened; a world of fallen beings was enclosed in the eternal prison of the grave all nature wept, and eternity was clothed in mourning, while the greedy monster death, having satiated his capacious maw, sat enthroned upon the funeral pile exulting in the eternal ruin of a once beautiful world But hark! A voice is heard on high of one mighty and strong!

It is the voice of one who pleads!

Ah, see!

He stands before the majestic throne, where justice sits He weeps, but not for him-

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

self;

it is for fallen man Listen He speaks of mercy for a ruined world What compassion swells his bosom!

What lovely words pour forth in melting strains of mercy Justice is moved to tears, but still holds fast the flaming law, and with sword unsheathed exclaims, "How can I show mercy!

Must not the penalties of my law be inflicted, and the honor of my throne be maintained?"The merciful—the kind the Holy One, with bowels yearning over the miseries of a fallen world, replies:

"On me, O Justice, let all thy vengeance fall but spare these my brethren!"Mercy prevailed—the offer was accepted—and the Only Begotten of the Father left the peaceful heavenly mansions of glory, to suffer, to die, to enter the sol', aides of the grave, to unbar the gates of death, and break the everlasting chains, and say to the sleeping nations, "live."In the spring of 1854, Elder Pratt left Washington, D. C, for Utah.

At the April conference he and Orson Spencer were called to go on a missson to Cincinnatti to establish a gathering place for the

Saints.

He returned to Salt Lake City August 27th, accompanied by H. S. Eldredge, F. Kesler and George Halliday.

On the nth day of November, 1850, Professor Pratt made an astronomical discovery of a law governing planetary rotation.

Even if we had time and space to devote to the insertion of extracts from his able pen upon his discovery of this law, so abstruce a subject, to the generality of readers, may not be of much interest, any further than as they take an interest in the progress of science and general education.

Professor Pratt was a self-educated man, and like many of his brethren, he had to struggle on through poverty, sustain his family, preach the Gospel, and attend to the varied duties of his calling in the Priesthood.

But amidst all this, he was a most devoted student of the sciences of mathematics and astronomy.

The discovery of this law, together with many other mathematical problems and discoveries obtaining in'the solar system, which he has so ably set forth, from time to time, in his lectures and writings, will rank him with such men as Kepler, La Place, Newton and many others by whom have been discovered some of the general laws which govern the planetary worlds.

It is related that when Professor Proctor the world- renouned astronomer was lecturing in this city, he took occasion to refer to Professor Pratt, and among his remarks he stated that, in his opinion, there were only four real mathematicians in the world and Professor Orson Pratt was one of that number.

On the nth of September, 1855, Professor Pratt and Jessie W. ^Fox started for Green river in order to survey and determine the northern boundary line of Utah Territory, at a point where it crosses the river.

At the general conference held April 6th, 1856, Elder Pratt was appointed to the presidency of the British Mission. He left Salt Lake City on the 22nd of April, and arrived in Liverpool, England, July 13th with five other elders.

While in England he edited the Millennial Star, published many pamphlets and attended to various duties as president of the mission.

He left Liverpool in October, 1857, and returned by way of California, while the army was en route to Utah, arriving home about the 20th of January, 1858.

The following spring he moved his family south to Fillmore, and returned to

Salt Lake City the following summer. On

September 23rd, i860, he was called on a mission to the United States, and left the valley for the same October 1st.

He returned in the fall of 1861.

In 1862 he moved a portion of his family to

St. George in the southern part of the Territory, where he presided for about two years.

On the 24th of April, 1864, he was set apart for a mission to Austria.

He with Elder William Riter, went to that land, but in consequence of the stringent laws was unable to open the door of the kingdom of that nation, but bore his testimony to the authorities and left, going over to England, where he visited the conferences and labored assiduously.

In May, 1866, while in England, he published an edition of his mathematical

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

work entitled Pratt's Cubic and Biquadratic Equations.

He returned home August 4th, 1867.

In the summer of 1869, he went to New York City and transcribed and published the Book of Mormon in phonetic characters called the Deseret Alphabet, and returned in the fall of that year.

In August, 1870, he held the famous three day's discussion with Dr. J. P. Newman on the subject of "Does the

Bible Sanction Polygamy?"totally routing that debater, for which he never forgave the Mormons.

At the adjourned general conference in 1874, he was appointed and sustained as historian and general church recorder, which position he retained till his decease.

He superintended the compilation of over thirty thousand foolscap pages ot documental history of the Church.

On the 18th of July, 1877, he once more left his home to cross the ocean to

England, this time to transcribe and publish an edition of the Book of Mormon in the

Pitman phonetic characters.

He arrived in England August 9th, 1877.

In consequence of the death of President Brigham

Young he was soon called home without accomplishing his mission.

Leaving England on the 1 2th of September he arrived home on the 27th of the same month.

On the 3rd of September, 1878, he went

East with Apostle Joseph F. Smith, visiting David Whitmer in Richmond, Missouri, the Hill Cumorah and other places figuring in the history of the Church, and returned on the 3rd of October.

On the 3rd of December, 1878, he started again for England to stereotype the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants, which he arranged in verses, with foot notes and references.

He also published his astronomical work Key to the Universe, or a New Theory ofits Mechanism, founded upon a constant propulsion and resistance.

We will also note that it was while upon this mission Professor Pratt made the important discovery in regard to the chronology and symbolism of the great prophetic pyramid of Egypt, as portrayed in its grand gallery's great step.

His discovery demonstrates that the date of the great event of the organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints is symbolized in the grand gallery's chronological floor line.

This discovery was made to him, as if by inspiration, in the night time, while in London, when meditating on the subject, after he had been reading some works on the Pyramid.

He was tempted, then and there, to arise in the night, make the necessary calculations and satisfy his mind; but he concluded to delay till morning.

Judge of his surprise and pleasure, when making the line from the upper frontal edge of the step perpendicular with the inclined floor of the gallery, and continuing the measurement of the gallery to that point, he found it demonstrated by plain figures, that it reached the Pyramid date of April 6th, 1830.

That is, the length of the floor line of the Grand Gallery from the north wall to the base of the square with the upper frontal edge of the Grand Step, being one thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, two thousand six hundred and twenty five ten thousandths Pyramid inches, or one thousand eight hundred and twenty- nine years completed, and two thousand six hundred and twenty- five ten thousandths of the year A. D. 1830; corresponding to nine o'clock p. m. Pyramid time, or about two o'clock p. m.

at Fayette, Seneca County, New York; the exact day on which the Church and Kingdom of God was organized by the revelation and commandment of the Most High.

While upon this mission Elder Pratt worked for weeks at a stretch not less than eighteen hours out of the twentyfour. And, in fact, while sitting so closely confined at his desk in Liverpool, he began to show symptoms of the complaint which finally resulted in carrying him off.

From this important and laborious mission he returned September 2nd, 1879.

At home Elder Pratt visited a number of conferences, attended the legislature, acting in his usual capacity as Speaker of the House.

He was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly during its first session, and at each successive session when he was in the Territory, and seven times was chosen speaker of

THE OLD PUEBLO.

the House.

From this time on his health was poor, much of the time being unable to leave his room.

The disease with which he was attacked was diabetes from which he suffered severely.

However, he recovered in a great measure from that disease, but was much emaciated, and though able to be out and meet with his brethren occasionally, he was still feeble.

On Sunday, September 18th, 1881, he addressed the congregation in the Tabernacle in a clear and forcible manner, speaking about twenty minutes.

His remarks were published in the Deseret Evening News of Monday, the 26th.

He then expressed a desire to live that he might again lift up his voice as a missionary to the nations of the earth.

Next day he was seventy years old and felt well.

He afterwards attended some business meetings in relation to the Historian's Office, and the exertion of mind told heavily upon him.

He was seized with vomiting and was again prostrated, and gradually sank, with brief and fitful times of reviving, until midnight on Sunday, when he visibly rallied.

Members of his family in the city were summoned, who gathered around his bed and gazed with mournful sadness upon his venerable countenance before he sank into his last gentle slumber.

At the very minute of his decease, Apostle C.

C.

Rich, who had been sick for a long time, was sending this dispatch to the deceased's son, Milando Pratt:

"Paris, Idaho, October 3rd, 1881, 8:35 a. m.—How is your father? I am anxious to hear.

C.

C. Rich."The news of Apostle Pratt's decease, was mournfully received.

Telegrams were forwarded to every part of the Territory with the sad tidings, and expressions of sorrow were heard on every hand.

No man in the Church was better known or more widely respected.

His refined and intelligent countenance, silvery hair and beard, dignified manner and powerful public address, were familiar to all, and he left an impression upon the Church and the world that will be felt in time and eternity.

Milando Pratt.

THE OLD PUEBLO.

I wonder if a picture of life in this old town—styled usually in Arizona as in my title—would interest the readers of The Contributor?

Thanks to our unequaled missionary system, thousands of our young men are enabled by travel in foreign lands to gain an extensive knowledge of the world, and to become very well informed; but many have not yet had this privilege.

To such, a view of life among the Gentiles may be worth looking at.

I will take Tucson, as a fair medium between the more refined and cultivated, and those rough mining towns where the greater portion of public resorts are saloons, gambling dens and brothels, and where a man's life is worth only the lead that would knock it out of him.

Tucson is the second oldest town in the

United States, having an authentic history as far back as 1540, at which date it was already a small, town with a garrison of Spanish soldiers, maintained as an outpost on the north for the Spanish settlements established a few years before, after Cortez had conquered the country in 1523.

Tucson reminds one of a dwarf—old in years but small in stature.

Four-fifths of the eight thousand population are Mexicans, many of whom live now as their fathers did generations back, and their part of the town called here El barrio libre—the free zone—we might say—is about two hundred years behind the times.

The part inhabited and built by Americans is better, having lovely yards in which bloom the acacia, oleander and other flowers in profusion, and ornamented by palms, figs, pepper, catalpas, besides other trees more common to the north.

The Mexican's idea of a house is like this, if he is able:

"A house of

THE OLD PUEBLO.

adobe one story high, built around an inner court, an entrance large enough to admit a wagon;

few windows upon the street, and those protected by a strong grating of iron bars in front, dirt or brick floors and a dirt roof nearly flat, with tin or wooden spouts every eight or ten feet projecting from the walls so as to carry the rain-water clear of them to the sidewalk below."And the sidewalks One house has none; the next one has a walk hardly ever more than three or four feet wide, and you may have to step up one or two feet to get on top of it, descending from it in the same way at the other end.

Often there is an abrupt rise of a foot or more or sheer descent, so that walking on a "sidewalk"in the dark is quite dangerous to neck or limb; hence the people at night walk quite frequently in the middle of the street.

And safer, too, because then a man can't spring upon you from a deep doorway or from behind a corner and stab you with a knife—that deadly Spanish weapon.

This is the "Barrio Libre"—the Mexican part of town; the American portion is lighted by gas, and is built in American style, with gas and water works.

Let us go about a little.

It is nearly six o'clock p.m., and we see many people mostly women and girls—hurrying to the

Catholic Cathedral to attend service, held every day at five a.m. and six p.m., in addition to the usual Sunday meetings.

We enter the church with them—or try to, for it is already filled with kneeling worshippers, who gaze devoutly upon the large image of the Virgin Mary at the other end of the building, before which are burning man}- tall wax candles which light up the strange ceremonial of the Catholic Church.

Unlike our worshipping assemblies, you see no whispering, giggling, or flirting, but everyone is most reverential in demeanor.

And herein the Saints might copy to advantage.

Outside the door are members who cannot get in; they are all uncovered as they stand near or kneel upon the ground.

And these services, morning and evening, continue all the year through, besides many other meetings.

How many Latter-day Saints can find time, hardly, to go to meeting once a week—perhaps not so often as that, and think they do well Are we as a people so much more devoted than others?

Or will we do so much more for our religion than others?

Here comes an Indian woman—

a Papago—with an immense load upon her back, confined in a framework of sticks.

She is dressed as a white woman, except that she is barefooted.

Sometimes, but not often, they wear sandals—a flat piece of rawhide under the foot, tied on with thongs between the toes and over the instep.

Her load consists of large earthen jars for holding water, called ollas (pronounced 6 yez).

They are made by the Indians, and each contains from two to five pails of water.

From their porous nature they keep water very coOl in hot weather, being suspended in the shade where a breeze may blow upon them and evaporate the moisture constantly exuding, so to speak, from the interior.

The whites use these ollas universally, and many are shipped east and west.

These Indian women carry easily a load many a man could not manage.

Then comes a Mexican woman, tripping lightly along with a large tray upon her head, filled with cakes, pies, and sweetmeats for sale, while in each hand she carries a basket filled with the same articles.

Her tray seems as secure as if it were fastened to her head. Sometimes they carry other things for sale, and all kinds of loads; huge bundles of dirty linen, jars of water, and purchases at the stores.

This way of carrying things upon their heads gives them a very erect, firm, and dignified carriage.

You often see a man walking about carrying a table upon his head and a stool in his hand;

at a suitable place he stands his table upon the sidewalk, seats himself at his stool and awaits a customer to buy his candy, nuts, pies, cakes, etc.

He sells a candy called "cubierto,"which is very nice, made of a species of cactus called "bisnaga, "or beehive cactus, as Americans call it.

The inner part, sliced half an inch thick, is soaked two or three days in water frequently

THE OLD PUEBLO.

changed, then boiled in a sugar syrup until saturated with it.

There goes a man, tending mason, carrying a heavy load of mortar up the ladder, on his head;

another man is carrying up adobes or stone in the same manner.

Here we come upon two little Mexican boys, each driving before him a donkey or "burro,"with a big load of hard wood, cut up ready for the fire, and lashed to a pack saddle.

This he sells at fifty cents, while his father is hauling and cutting up more wood at home for him to peddle about town.

This wood is "mesquite"—pronounced mes-ke-ta—for in Spanish every vowel forms a syllable—and is a very hard, heavy wood, exactly like the socalled mountain mahogany of Utah, and is almost equal to coal.

Perhaps you want some wood—"Cuanto dinero?"say you;

"Quatro reales,"says the boy four reals, or fifty cents.

These donkeys or "burros"are a prominent feature in all Mexican towns.

Their feed costs the owner absolutely nothing, for he never feeds them anything, and how they live is a wonder, for you can't see a spear of grass for them to eat; but they somehow do live and do a great deal of work.

Mexico without "burros"would be in much the same plight Arabia would be in without camels.

In some countries we judge a man's wealth by the number of dogs he can keep—but here we judge a Mexican's poverty by the same rule; the poorer he is the more dogs he owns, usually those ugly little curs, hairless except a little tuft upon the head and at the end of the tail.

And these dogs are not to be despised; they bark in Spanish, and understand "cursory remarks"addressed them in either English or Spanish, and that is moce than can be said of many bipeds here, or of the highly respectable dogs of Utah.

But if you want to see the Mexican in his glory, be here on the sixteenth of September, the Mexican Independence day, or when some strolling band of Mexican bull fighters from across the line, spend a few days in exhibiting their courage and skill in this truly Spanish amusement.

These bull fights continue from day to day as long as the people have any money left, and are attended by the whole Mexican people and numbers of Americans.

This is a time that calls for a display of all the finery of the Senoras and Senoritas, and the men dress up for the grand occasion, even if they can only afford a nice hat.

A Mexican may be barefooted and ragged and care not, but a fine hat he must have to retain any self-respect, and such a hat he will have, elaborately embroidered in silver, (gold if he be wealthy enough,) very often with the Mexican eagle and serpent emblazoned upon the side.

These hats cost from three to fifty dollars each, according to amount of silver lace upon them.

These men spend but little for their own adornment—except the hat—and lavish all upon their wives and daughters, who are arrayed like the "lilies of the valley,"and often with exquisite taste as regards the beauty and harmony ol colors.

But bull-fighting here is falling into disrepute; the municipal authorities prohibit the introduction of horses into the arena, in mercy to the poor brutes, and this, to the Mexican mind, deprives the exhibition of a great attraction—the disemboweling of horses.

Strange it is that women, the gentler sex, upon such occasions are the most enthusiastic and delighted.

Tucson has a hospital, a large public free library, a convent, large Indian school and buildings costing fifty thousand dollars; a University nearly completed, a public school which cost sixty thousand dollars, and churches of Baptists, Congregationalists, Episcopalians, Methodists and Catholics, which last comprise threefourths of the entire population and ninety per cent, of all religious zeal.

As among all people who war against polygamy, prostitution abounds all about the town; but one street in particular Maiden Lane—is devoted entirely to houses of ill fame.

Saloons and gambling dens also abound and are open on Sundays as at all other times, as are many of the stores.

At nine p.m. the curfew tolls upon the

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM C STAINES.

tower of the fire company's building, and then all children under twelve years of age must be at home unless accompanied by parents or guardians, and this is found to be a very salutary ordinance.

Half a mile from town stand the ruins of a convent, several hundred years old; and its tall adobe walls, its staring windows, its broken arches, and air of ruin cause strange feelings to flit across the mind of the beholder, as he thinks what weird tales those old walls might tell could they speak, what sights they have seen, what sighs they have heard from lips long since turned to dust.

J. H. Martineau.

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM C.

STAINES.

While we were at the Indian Mission eight Ponca chiefs arrived, hoping to meet the Pawnees there and make peace with them.

Brother Miller called a council of the brethren who desired to go to the Ponca nation to winter, the chiefs promising us timber for houses and fuel, and pasturage for our cattle. We preferred going rather than staying on Grand Island without the consent of the Pawnees, who were mad and far away from our camps.

Brother James Emmett, who was our interpreter, told us it was three sleeps, or days'travel to the Ponca village, but we found it eleven days, with hard and rough roads.

The Indian's "three sleeps"were three days and nights'travel with ponies—this we did not understand.

On the fourth day out, the Indian chief, whose name was "Ta Nuga Number,"which means two buffalo bulls, killed two buffalos.

As soon as he informed the company, Brother Miller ordered us to stop on a creek near by, so that a wagon could be sent for the buffalos killed.

In about two hours the Indians and brethren arrived with large quantities of meat, the first we had had for ten weeks, and the first buffalo meat we had ever seen.

It was quite amusing to see the whole camp cooking it.

Several persons would be seen around each fire, with a piece of meat stuck on the end of a stick holding it before the fire until "done."This was considered by the Indians the best way to cook meat, although they boiled all the coarse pieces.

We remained in this camp until two p. m.

the following day, having cooked and eaten most of the meat from the three buffalos.

Several more were killed before we reached the village, all of which we either ate or dried.

The eleventh day brought us to our winter quarters and within two miles of their village.

We had scarcely unyoked our cattle when we were surrounded by Indians, many of whom had never before seen an ox.

The chiefs wished to call together his braves that all might know our reason for being there.

So two hundred Indians sat upon the ground in a circle, and commenced to smoke the pipe of peace.

This is done by passing the pipe from one to the other, each one taking a few draws, and so on until all have smoked.

When the company is large more than one pipe is used, but all in the order.

Bishop Miller and others of the brethren spoke, saying what we wanted was to live in peace for a few months, using some timber and pasture, for which, in return, we would build them houses, plant them a farm, and give them some flour.

They agreed to this.

Our camp was near the mouth of the Running Water river, and near the Missouri.

There was an abundance of fish and game.

In about three weeks a number of the Saints were in their houses, and the cattle were in good pastures and well sheltered.

On the first of October the chiefs informed us that they would soon leave for their winter hunting grounds, and would like some of our brethren to accompany them.

From the first day I met with these Indians I became interested in them.

While.1 had the ague I learned to do a little cobbling and I got so that I could patch a shoe very well.

Usually as soon as my cattle were unyoked, I

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM

C. STAINES.

would have several of the Saints bringing me their shoes to mend, which I did cheerfully, and was thankful that I could be of service to the camp in this way.

The Indians also would bring me their pouches to mend, and often their bridles which I repaired to the best of my ability, and much to their satisfaction.

They were very anxious to teach me their language, and it was not long before I knew the meaning of a number of their words.

The chief was very anxious that

I should go with them on the hunt and so informed Bishop Miller.

That evening when speaking to those brethren who volunteered to go with the Indians, Brother Miller said "Brother Staines, I should like you to go with them if you had not those fearful sores on your legs.

The chiefs have taken a liking to you, and I feel as though you would do much good, but I dare not ask you to go with such legs."A peculiar spirit came over me while he was speaking, and I was led to say:

"Brother Miller, if you say I can accomplish good by going with these Indians I shall go.

I have no fears about my legs or myself; and if anything should occur that I should not return, I have no relations in camp to mourn my loss, and this weak body of mine can be better spared than these able-bodied men "He then and there blessed me in the name of the Lord.

The next morning we lett our brethren and started with the Ponca Indians about two thousand souls.

It was a novel sight to us who had never witnessed the moving of an Indian train before.

In advance could be seen the chiefs and their braves mounted on horses used for running down buffalo.

Next followed the squaws with their children running beside them if old enough; if not, they were packed upon the top of their tents, which were fastened to poles and put on a horse whose saddle was fitted for the occasion. Some were carried on the backs of squaws.

Next to these came the old men and women, young men and maidens with dogs.

Many had small tents and poles fastened to their backs with straps, and seemed to pull this along quite easily.

The young men and boys had bows and arrows and were often seen chasing rabbits and showing their skill in shooting them.

The first day we traveled about eight miles, when we camped for the night.

It was about two o'clock p. m.

The squaws had all the household work to perform—putting up and pulling down the tents, getting wood and water, and cooking.

The men took the horses to water, saw that they got good pasturage, hunted the game, smoked their pipes,and slept.

I found the first day's travel a hard one for my legs.

They pained me some, but otherwise, I felt well.

The brethren who came along expecting to see game were disappointed, as we did not see so much as a crow.

We were all—six of us—invited to eat and sleep in the largest tent of the chief.

He had three tents and three wives.

About sundown we were called to dinner.

This consisted of boiled dried buffalo and buffalo soup, put in a large wooden bowl with one horn spoon.

The chief took the first spoonful, then passed it on to the next until each one had a taste; then the chief would take another spoonful, and so on until we were satisfied.

The meat was as tough as leather and about as palatable.

Some of my readers may ask if the bowl and spoon were clean.

I thought not, for the dried meat, bowl, spoon, and kettle were all taken from old greasy sacks carried many miles, beside laying about unwashed in a dirty tent, I know not how long.

You may think it impossible to eat under such circumstances, and indeed it was not pleasant, but we partook according to our appetites.

Brother John Kav was along and had some goods to trade for robes.

He had some flour and asked us to breakfast next morning on cakes fried in fat.

We accepted and ate with relish.

We traveled near the Running Water river for nine days without seeing anything larger than a rabbit.

It was quite discouraging to those brethren who were expecting a good time hunting buffalo, deer and elk, and they concluded to return home.

We were now about fifty miles from our camp.

I was asked to accompany the brethren

THE PIUTE INDIANS.

back but declined, for I did not feel that I had fulfilled my mission.

Brothers John Kay, Fred Bainbridge and I were left.

These brethren traveled with us two days more and then, finding the country too rough for a wagon, returned leaving me alone with the Indians.

I had an old suit of clothes, an overcoat, a gun, a few rounds of amunition, a poor pair of moccasins, a pocket comb and knife, two shirts, two garments.and two pairs of socks. I shall never forget the time

I parted with these brethren; nor how I watched them pass over the hills out of sight!

I remained with the chief and in the same tent.

One evening I was told they desired to give me a name if I did not object.

I consented and the chief named me "Waddeskippe,"—a steel to strike with flint for fire.

This was given to me, he said, because I was "sargie"or hardy.

My new name was soon known throughout the camp, for the next day every Indian

I met called me"Waddeskippe."At the time Brothers Kay and Bainbridge left me I went to the hills to pray that I might be preserved to do good and not feel alone as it were amongst the Indians.

After this I felt better and went to my tent, which, I found, was without an occupant.

I got my journal to write, when a couple of young squaws entered the tent and sat on the floor beside me, and the eldest asked for my comb.

I took it out of my pocket and was about to hand it to her when she leaned over towards me and made signs for me to comb her hair and braid it as our sisters did theirs.

At first I thought perhaps they had been persuaded to come to me for some evil design, but

I became satisfied to the contrary.

I confess I felt a little confused, and blushed considerably, at which they both laughed.

I combed and braided one side of her hair and then handed the comb over to the one looking on, and she immediately went to work and finished the other side.

Then she had the one whose head was combed fixliers. After this I found many of the young squaws with their hair combed and braided, but I never was called upon to do any more hair dressing for either lady or gentleman belonging to the nation.

While traveling we crossed many little streams from four to seven feet wide and in crossing them

I found my legs were healing up.

We had not met any buffalo yet and attributed it to the Sioux who had been trespassing on the Ponca hunting grounds and driving the game to their own lands, as they often did.

The Indians were very kind to me, and one morning while walking around the village, a young Indian came up to me and saw my toe was sticking out of my moccasin.

Pointing to it, he said, "pasha thetheta,"—that is, "the shoe is bad."He pulled off a new pair and gave them to me, putting mine on and saying "that is good."It was the third pair given me since I left our camp.

It was about the first of November and the weather was getting cold, We found it very difficult in crossing the river on account of so much floating ice.

THE PIUTE INDIANS.

I assume this title, not because I am speaking of all the Piute Indians, taken as a nation, but because I am speaking of one small tribe, with which I was thrown in contact and in which, I consider, the chief representative characteristics of this nation were embodied.

This tribe lives, and for some decades has lived, in the southern part of our Territory, near the small city of Kanab and the settlement of

Hardscrabble, their hunting grounds being the Buckskin, or Kaibab plateau, in Southern Utah, extending into Arizona as far as the Grand Canon of the Colorado.

It was on the ranch of Hon. John W.

Young, that I first saw this tribe, and, as they annually stay near House Rock, one of the ranch houses, for a period ranging from three weeks to three months,

I had ample opportunity to become acquainted with their customs and peculiarities.

In the first place comparatively very

THE PIUTE INDIANS.

little is known of this tribe, and also of the nation, because they have not, like the Sioux, Apaches, Navajoes and other tribes, gone on the war path at every opportunity and butchered innumerable defenseless women and children. The reason for this is not, by any means, unfathomable.for, although they were as treacherous and bloodthirsty as any Indians in the whole country, they have always received treatment from the "Mormons,"with whom they have constantly been thrown in contact, based on the familiar maxim of Brigham Young, "It will be cheaper to feed the Indians than to fight them."If evidence be needed of the truth of this maxim, and of the good effect of the treatment advocated in it, let one remark the respect in which the "Mormons"are held by all the Indians with whom they have had dealings, and the corresponding hatred of these same

Indians for the "Merricatts."Of course this distinction made by the Indians, does not necessarily imply that the "Mormons"are not Americans.

As this is not an essay on the question as to whether it is cheaper to feed the Indians, or not, I will return to my subject by remarking, with many others who have written before, that the character of the Indian, wherever he is found is a very queer formation, or might I say amalgamation.

In this the Piutes differ in no way from the other nations.

My tribe, or, rather, the tribe in question, has been partially converted by the "Mormons"to their faith;

in fact, so nearly converted, that they have a bishop in the person of their chief; yet, in spite of the fact that they profess to be good Christians, they still retain many of the superstitions that have been handed down from generation to generation, probably, for centuries.

They have their harvest dance, in honor of the god of the harvest, in the fall; the hunting dance, in honor of the god of hunting, in the spring; and they will not camp near a spring, but prefer to carry water a long distance, because there appears to be a remnant of an ancient superstition left, through which it is supposed that any one who does so will anger the water spirits who will bring bad luck upon him.

Many superstitions, other than these mentioned, are also held, but are gradually being eradicated by the good teachings of the "Mormons."These Indians will not steal from the "Mormons"i.

e., provided the temptation does not prove too strong—but will steal anything they can lay their hands on from the •'Merricatts."The only things in the whole camp that I ever saw clean were the guns; these were always in the best of order, for, with the noble red man, a gun constitutes, figuratively speaking, "the staff of life."The buck, like our festive tramp, never thinks of working for a living, but will never grumble if his squaw does washing, provided she gives him the proceeds of her toil.

The pappooses never seem to wash and never have any more clothing than is absolutely necessary to keep up an appearance of semi-modesty, even in winter; but they do not seem to suffer;

and run around and play just as well as white children do, the only difference being, they have more freedom, and, when needful, are always whipped with a ramrod.

They live principally on deer meat and pine-nuts and whatever they can beg as entrees.

Of course, the squaws gather the pine-nuts and have to tan the buckskins which their lords and masters trade for Jamaica ginger, their substitute for whiskey, or save to trade with the Navajoes for blankets.

The Navajoes come once a year with their pack animals laden down with the blankets of their own manufacture and return to their country with their animals almost as heavily laden with buckskins, which they use for shirts, leggins, lassoes and a dozen other things.

They are shrewd traders, and always seem to get the best of the trade with their less shrewd neighbors, the Piutes included.

Many have heard of the enormous appetite of the Indian, but there are few believers of the saying, 'Give an Indian ten days'rations and he will eat all the first day and starve the other nine days;"but I can say that personal observation has inclined me to believe this in a some-

43o THE PIUTE INDIANS.

what modified form.

My reason for so believing is, I once cooked a meal for three cowboys, as I expected them to be at the ranch I was "holding down"that night.

Now, a cowboy is always "up"in the art of stowing away food, and I cooked enough good, solid food to make even three cowboys despair of sweeping everything clean.

Dusk came and the cowboys had not appeared, so I concluded they would not come that night and was about to throw away what I had cooked—cold "grub"is never eaten on a ranch—when an Indian came to the door and asked me for something to eat.

I told him to "turn himself loose"on the eatables I had cooked.

He did so, and when he had finished, there was not enough left of that bountiful meal for three cowboys, to make a rneal for an ordinary "tenderfoot."This is the only argument I advance in support of the saying, but consider it sufficient.

The tribe is very poor, only two tepees being owned among about thirty families, and the Indians seem only to exist; yet they all gamble more or less, and most of the property owned in the tribe changes hands every day.

An Indian, one day will have a horse, gun and some other necessaries, and next day be a beggar; but he will manage somehow to get a start, and will soon win an equivalent to what he lost, and will sometimes get back his identical things.

The best gambler is always the richest of the tribe, and, in this particular tribe, he was an Indian called Pickets, by the whites, who enjoyed that distinction, which, it is true, he sometimes lost by loading up on Jamaica ginger, and losing both wits and wealth in consequence.

Their method of gambling is very much like the game of marbles called "odd or even,"the only difference being, the implement used is a stick, and the guesser having to guest? which hand it is in.

A certain number of right guesses, each of which is tallied by a small stick being added to the pile of the successful one.

A certain number of sticks, generally ten, gives the game to the one who first receives that number.

As they have not tepees, their shelter is always temporary, and consists of stakes about four feet long, driven into the ground in an almost complete circle, at an angle of from 30 to 40, on which is piled green cedar and pine brush.

As the entrance is always to the south or west, this shuts out the wind pretty effectually, but is of no account as shelter in case of a rain-storm.

I have seen these Indians, when the snow was on the ground to the depth of six inches, roll themselves up in a banket only, and, laying with their feet to the fire, give a grunt and drop off into a sound sleep;—a very sound sleep, judging by the noises

I have heard when I have passed their camp at night.

Every year the Indians expect a beef steer from John W. Young's foreman on the ranch, and, as they have always received one they are very good friends of the cowboys on that ranch.

The only time, in my recollection, that they acted churlishly to the cowboys was one night when a dozen of us went to their camp and tried to find out what they were powwowing about.

They all seemed to welcome us and, as they usually do under the circumstance, asked us for tobacco.

We soon had several packages of the weed circulating among them, and every

Indian managed to get enough to roll a good sized "smoke."After this, they began asking questions which we answered and had begun to question them in return, when the old chief told us to go home and not bother them.

We did so, but afterwards heard the chief was rebuked in council for doing so.

It may be remarked here, as a fact not generally known, that even the little pappooses of four and five years of age, use the cigarette with the ease of the most inveterate smoker.

It is to be hoped that this tribe will gradually outgrow their laziness and superstition and will some day make a tribe who will have their children educated and who, like some of the Indians of Central Utah, will learn practical farming and make themselves prosperous and a good to the community.

Eugene J.

Young.

THE IRRIGATION CONVENTION.

It is a matter upon which the people of

Utah may be congratulated that one of the largest conventions ever held in the United States, one that will have momentous interests in hand, measures fraught with immensely important consequences, will assemble in Salt Lake City, September 15th to 17th inclusive.

Representing the entire Territory west of the Missouri River, and being composed of men noted for their fitness, in respect of intelligence and influence, their deliberations and recommendations will have great weight with both Congress and the country at large.

The selection of Utah as the location for this, the first great inter-state irrigation convention, is a most happy one, both from its central position and accessibility from all points of the compass, and also from the additional fact that the past history of Utah has been associated with a remarkably successful employment of irrigation methods, it being the first section of our country settled by white people that adopted this system.

The growing interest in the subject of irrigation of which this convention is an expression and result, is attributable primarily to the fact that the available agricultural lands of the rainbelt east of the Rocky Mountains are exhausted.

For years the home seeker has been threading his way among the mountains, hunting out little valleys provided with water, by means of which he could secure a maintenance for himselfand family. These little sheltered nooks and oases are long ago occupied;

but it now transpires that there are many millions of acres of fertile land throughout the arid region that may be reclaimed and made to blossom as the rose by diverting the rivers and larger streams, and by a careful storage of the annual rainfall in accordance with the more elaborate and expensive methods that have been recently employed to a limited extent.

It is but natural that in so vast a field the prevailing spirit of invention would devise many new methods and contrivances that would greatly facilitate and perfect irrigating processes; and this increased competency for the work of encountering and overcoming natural obstacles is one among numerous causes that have stimulated the enterprise and capital of the country to entertain the hope that the entire arid region can be largely reclaimed and brought to the highest state of cultivation.

For several years past the general government has been expending considerable sums to prosecute engineering experiments, and the published accounts of these investigations have added to popular interest and information.

Private capital has been enlisted, and great fortunes s especially in California, have been realized through some manipulation of a water supply, or some achievement in engineering, whereby a abundant irrigation was provided for an arid district.

A very notable irrigating enterprise is now in process of construction in Millard

Co., Utah.

Messrs. Karrick, Knox, Lowe and others in Salt Lake City, and Messrs.

Ray and Reese in Millard, have this project in hand, and its success will encourage similar undertakings.

This plan provides for water storage, numerous old lake basins in the ancient river channel from the Sevier Lake to the Great Salt Lake having been repaired and extended so as to form a great reservoir covering an area of over fifty square miles, with an average depth of about five feet, the aggregate amount of water being several billions of gallons, the reservoir being supplied by the Sevier River, whose waters are not utilized for agricultural inigation for more than six months out of each year; thus allowing half the rainfall that supplies the Sevier River to go to waste if not saved, and kept in store by the building of reservoirs such as this one in Millard.

The desert lands surrounding this reservoir are of excellent quality and unusual fertility, the aggregate area falling under this water supply being not less than a quarter of a million acres.

The reservoir plant is of such a character as to admit of indefinite enlargement at a small expense comparatively, and the whole enterprise promises ultimate results of °:reat magnitude. The

THE IRRIGATION CONVENTION.

management have not yet opened their scheme to public patronage, but will do so, undoubtedly, in the near future.

At the coming convention it will be a prime object to discuss and disseminate a knowledge of methods and possibilities.

Different localities have different problems to solve.

In some places the artesian system is important;

in others the diversion of rivers and large streams is the only dependence;

in very many districts water storage is the only recourse;

though in some rare cases all these methods are applicable. The Wright law of California will come in for careful consideration.

This law was enacted by the California Legislature in 1887, and has since been quite thoroughly tested in its essential features in the courts, and may now be regarded as unexceptionable on the score of legalty.

It expresses the most advanced thought, and answers to the most highly developed needs, connected with the subject of irrigation as a social problem.

The main feature of this law is that which provides for the formation of convenient sized irrigation districts, these to be endowed with full municipal powers with respect to all matters appertaining to the irrigation of the district, such as the nature of the improvement, the expense to be incurred, the ability to improve, and the amount of taxation necessary to defray the expense.

Such district is authorized to elect its necessary officers, and conduct its affairs similar to a county municipal corporation, so that all irrigation expenses may be made a public burden liquidated by taxation in the ordinary way.

Such districts will have the right of eminent domain similar to that exercised by railroad corporations in securing the right of way, though in a like degree their entire procedure may be brought into review in the courts and rectified if excessive in any respect.

Such a law seems well calculated to carry out the highest and best ends of irrigation, and it deserves earnest attention.

The people of California seem to be accomplishing wonders under its administration.

The most important item of business, however, that has been proposed for the consideration of the convention is the memorialization of Congress in behalf of the cession to the states and territories of the arid public lands which lie within their respective boundaries.

It is reasonable to suppose that Congress will carefully and respectfully consider any proposition from such a large and representative body.

But there are obstacles in the way of states and territories carrying out the purposes of such a grant, which ought to be considered before such action is determfned upon.

The public land system of the government, from the very nature of the case, has grown up into a most comprehensive, elaborate and exact system.

There are many provisions which have been adopted as the result of years of experience.

There is a vast accumulation of books, plats and records, all having become necessary in the transaction of the business naturally coming before this department.

There are rulings and methods that the department has grown into familiarity with as a practical and necessary drill in the discharge of current business.

There are several thousands of men who have been engaged for years in public land business, and their knowledge as experts is invaluable in the process of conveying title from the government to the claimant.

Allowing that there* are seven hundred and fifty millions of acres of arid lands, and that each state and territory would be ceded in fee simple what lay within its confines, it would seem indispensable that each state should set up a land department for itself.

In each then would be new laws and regulations imposing new conditions of investiture.

The precautionary measures and special agencies provided by the federal government as safeguards against fraud and imposition would have to be renewed in some form in each.

The inexperience of the state or territory would render it more liable to fraud and speculation, and the remoteness and isolation of the state or territory would be more likely to subject it to the uses and purposes of schemers and combines working in harmony with local issues than would be

LEFT B\ THE ROADSIDE.

ordinarily incident to the procedure of the general government, where equally balanced parties keep vigilant watch over each other's transactions.

The multiplicity of land departments would necessarily give rise to diversity of procedure, thus tending to prolixity and possible confusion.

Each state would lack the experience and practice accumulated by the general government, though they might be greatly aided by having duplicates of all the necessary books, plats and records used, and they might be further assisted by having expert clerical assistants transferred from the general government to each state and territory.

Hence, while there would be some advantages appertaining to a local ownership and dispensation of the public lands;

and while the proceeds derived from sales would greatly aid^each commonwealth in the work of reclamation of arid lands and in making provisions for schools and colleges; yet it might be well to consider some kind of composite plan whereby these proposed advantages and benefits might be obtained in connection with the continued operation and oversight of the vast and well drilled land department of the general government.

It ought to be possible to ascertain just what benefits we hope to derive from the acquisition, and then to frame alternative propositions, one to cover the advantages that we seek, and propose these in connection with federal oversight,—this as the first proposition;

and the second to provide for a cession in fee simple of all arid lands, or all public lands, to the states and territories respectively, to be by them disposed of in whatever way would be deemed most conducive to their interests.

One thing is certain, it is far more important to the government to donate the arid lands and a great bonus besides, in order to facilitate a speedy reclamation, than to hold them for any considerable time as unprofitable desert wastes.

By reclaiming them they will immediately become a source of general wealth, and also the theaters of home life, diversified industry, and all the fruiti of advanced civilization.

There will doubtless be men at the convention well qualified to take wise and comprehensive views on this land question, and who are also well acquainted with the special needs of the arid regions, and their opinions upon the weighty matters herein touched upon will be of especial value in shaping the deliberations and action of the convention,

Calvin Reasoner.

Not the failures of others, not their sins of commission or omission, but his own misdeeds and negligences would a wise man take note of.

» LEFT BY THE ROADSIDE.

Left desolate beside the dusty way,

Whose weary footsteps swelled the plodding train That wound through trackless'stretches of the plain

Where the dim west beckoned with sacred ray

The stir of cities knew their toilful day,

But round thy lonely presence friendly drew

The desert silences;

swift to thy mound Tall sun-blooms gathered, circling hands around

The winds were mindful and the still night grew 'Ware of thy presence, by the lisp of stars

Peering out dimly through the swart blue bars

Of space, ranged closely, prisoning their gleam;

And striking solemn in the desert's theme

Whose cadence there no human discord mars

Thy low mound sounds the key of nature's dream,

Fit symbol of the spoil for which she wars.

losephiue Spencer.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, September, 1891.

Y. M. M.

I. A. MANUAL.

Early in September there will be issued by the General Superintendency a

Manual or Reference Book for the coming year's work in the Young Men's

Associations.

It will be comprehensive in its nature, will include many of the lessons heretofore published in The Contributor and is designed to assist stake superintendents and ward presidents in carrying on in a uniform manner the various Mutual Improvement organizations of the Church.

The book will be a necessary text-book for every officer and will include names of general officers, of stake superintendents, annual circular letter of General Superintendency, instructions to superintendents, presidents and members, diagrams, bibliography and index, and a thorough course for one year in theology, history, science and literature. The plan for the year's course is marked out in twenty-five lectures on each of the subjects named.

Under the heading of theology appear lectures on the Gospel with full analysis of B. H.

Roberts'work.

Under history is given lectures on the Bible, Book of Mormon, New Testament, the Church, Cannon's Life of Nephi, and England Under science, Talmage's First Book of Nature, and civil government; under literature, Readings from Irving, and references to

American literature generally.

The Manual is not merely an announcement of the year's work, but is of itself educational in character and if studied and properly used, will go far towards placing every association organized in successful operation.

The annual letter of the General Superintendency announcing the Manual and the season's work is as follows:

To the Stake Officers of the Y. M.M.I. A.:

Dear Brethren In addressing our annual letter to you, we take pleasure in introducing this Manual which under our appointment and direction has been carefully compiled by Assistant General

Superintendent Milton H.

Hardy, and Stake Superintendent George H. Brimhall.

You will therefore make it a guide for this year's work, and each one not only become acquainted with, but practically apply the specific instiuctions addressed to him.

In this way, your work being systematic, will be more progressive and successful than heretofore.

By reference to our former circular letters, you will see the consistency and necessity of our making the following inquiries and suggestions:

How many of your Associations began their regular weekly meetings early last year, as suggested?

How many of your officers, stake and ward, secured a set of, and became acquainted with the contents of the first year's series, M.

I. A. Reading Course, in order to be able to lead in that work this year?

In how many of your Associations were music classes organized and conducted according to plan of general music director, as given in the current numbers of The Contributor?

Have you in each ward of your stake a Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association?

Is your Stake Superintendency complete?

Did you hold Stake Council meetings, and prepare for the general work of the stake, for stake officers'meetings, stake conferences, your missionaries, your public lectures, stake recreations, and all other matters pertaining to the superintending of the work?

Did you hold stake officers'meetings?

Did you hold your half-yearly stake conferences?

Did you visit officially each Association in your stake twice last year.

Did you examine the records of each

Association in your stake last year?

Did you make any provision for public lectures under auspices of the M.

I. A.

of your wards last year?

Is each Association working in har-

EDITORIAL.

mony with, and recognizedas a practical help in each ward?

Did you confer freely and fully with the Presidency of your stake in superintending the M.

I. A. work last year?

. Are you personally acquainted with the educational status and progress of each Association in your stake?

Is there a general sentiment in your stake for the officers to remain faithful to their work until honorably released?

See Contributor, Vol. XL, page 471, also enclosed questions with circular letter of March 17th, 1891, and address, Contributor, Vol. IX., pages 38-40.

It will be well for you to plan for holding your annual meeting for sustaining officers in each ward as soon as possible;

but the regular weekly meetings should be started up promptly, early in September by the present officers, who should not wait for the annual meeting.

At the annual meeting it is desirable that the Stake Superintendency should be present.

This meeting should be made general in the ward, and the importance, plan, and purpose of mutual improvement work should be brought clearly and forcibly before the people,, and the ward officers sustained by the vote of the Saints.

If for any cause changes are to be made or vacancies filled they should be attended to at this meeting.

In the selection of officers the ward authorities should be fully conferred with and great care taken to choose such persons as are fitted for the positions by popularity, ability, and inclination to do the work required.

As will be seen from the Manual, special instructions are given to the members, and each class of officers for their general guidance; to this your attention is directed.

As you are aware this great organization is of such a character that its directing, teaching, training influence extends to the home reading, or preparation of the individual member around the fireside; thence to his regular weekly progressive lesson or exercise;

thence to the monthly joint session;

thence to the district and stake conferences, and culminating in the general annual conference in June each year.

Thus making the line of organized work practically complete and progressive.

You are also cognizant of the special importance of regular, systematic, progressive reading, thinking, and acting on the part of the individual member; thus permanently impressing and establishing him in this universal system of education, based upon revelation, self-culture, and mutual or associative effort and relation.

Education as you know is the development and use of one's entire self.

In other words, the accumulation and proper application of physical, spiritual, intellectual and moral power; or, the development of correct thought and its expression in righteous words and actions.

(See Contributor, Vol. XI, page 351.)

Praying the Lord to preserve, direct, and prosper you in your work of love, we remain your fellow-laborers in the cause of Mutual Improvement, Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher.

The death of James Russell Lowell, which occurred August 12th, 1891, has taken from this country one of its brightest minds.

As our Minister abroad, he has, perhaps, given to foreigners a better idea of the nobler side of American character than any other man.

George William Curtis in Harper's pays him the following tribute:

"Mr. Lowell's interest in public afiairs was that of a clear sighted man who knew history and other nations, and had the strongest faith in a government based upon popular intelligence.

The country never sent abroad in the person of its Minister a better American.

Spain and England saw in him not only a man who by his literary genius had conferred honor upon his country, but who showed that the finest quality of manhood, a wholesome common sense thoroughly trained and amply equipped, was distinctively American.

His patriotism was not the brag of conceit nor the blindness of ignorance, and the America of the hope and faith of its noblest children was never depicted with

EDITORIAL.

more searching insight than in his plea for democracy spoken at a mechanics'institute while he was Minister in England; nor were the manly independence and courtesy of the American character ever more finely illustrated than in his essay upon 'a certain condescension in foreigners.'It was a patriotism which did not admit that arrogance and conceit and blatant self-assertion are peculiarly American, nor insist that everything American was for that reason better than everything which was not American.

It was never unmindful that the root of our political system and of our national character was not aboriginally

American, nor did it deny the traditions of an older civilization and to the life of older nations a charm distinctively their own.

Our literature has no work more essentially American than the Biglow Papers, not only in the dialect form, but in its dramatic portraiture of the popular conscience of New England, of Lincoln's 'plain people'who have given the distinctive impulse to American civilization, and from whose virtues has largely sprung the American character.

It is worth while to lay stress upon this quality of Mr.

Lowell, because it is the one to which much of his peculiar influence is due, yet which is often overlooked or denied.

That influence sprang from the humility of his genius, his generous sympathy with noble aspiration and endeavor, his political independence, and his steadfast fidelity to the high ideals of his youth."It is hoped soon—before the fall work begins—to circulate a roll and record book for the M.

I. A. that will bring joy to the hearts of the local secretaries.

It will be simple, so that anyone can understand it, and with little labor, will contain all the matter necessary to truthfully and intelligently make the reports desired by the general authorities.

3. Sixteenth Ward, Salt Lake City, $100 4. Payson 5.

Fifth Ward, Ogden 6.

St. George 7. Fourth Ward, Ogden 8.

Springville 9.

Mill Creek 10. South Cottonwood 11. Alpine 12. Mound Fort 13. Spanish Fork 14. Taylorsville Richmond 16. Hyrum 17. Eleventh Ward, Salt Lake City.

18.

First Ward, Salt Lake City.

.

19. Tenth Ward, Salt Lake City.

.

20. Twenty-first Ward, Salt Lake City 21. Sandy 22. Washington 23. Fountain Green 24. Newton 25.

Bear River City 26. Nephi 27. Hooper 28. Huntsville 29. American Fork 30. Sugar House Ward 31. Mapleton 32.

First Ward, Ogden 33. Lynne 34. Union 35. South Jordan Total,.

. #1200 These premiums are payable to the officers of the associations named and are designed to aid them in purchasing libraries and furnishing reading rooms.

Most all of the associations have sent in their orders for library books and before the winter begins we hope to see twelve hundred dollars worth of books, circulating through the associations as a result of our offer on Volume Twelve.

The following Associations are found to be the winners of The Contributor premiums, volume twelve:

1.

Lehi $250 2.

Second Ward, Ogden....

Messrs. G.

P. Putnam's Sons have just published "The Leaf Collector's Handbook and

Herbarium,"an aid "in the preservation and in the classification of specimen leaves of trees of Northeastern

America, arranged by Charles S. Newhall.

As a valuable and interesting companion to all summer ramblers this book has no equal, and by a careful

VOCAL CULTURE.

student of nature can be arranged into a rare and handsome souvenir.

The month of August records the loss of two great minds to these United States.

About the time of Mr.

Lowell's death, George Jones, proprietor of the New York Times, passed away.

Jones was one of the founders of the Times, and his aim was to get above the lower tastes of the masses and maintain a clean and honest Journal.

Scandal gossip and sensation were not desired for its pages, but the honest day's news were given without fear or favor. Under Jones'management it became a mighty giant against political fraud and trickery.

Gettysburg and Waterloo Compared.—At Gettysburg there were present in action So,ooo to 85,000 Union troops, and of the Confederates some 65,000.

At Waterloo there were 120,000 soldiers of the Allies under Wellington and Bliicher, and 72,000 French under Napoleon;

or, there were about 150,000 combatants at Gettysburg and about 190,000 at

Waterloo.

In each case the weaker army made the attack and was defeated.

Lee did not have to face such heavy odds as

Napoleon;

but, whereas, Napoleon's defeat was a rout in which he lost all his guns and saw his soldiers become a disorganized rabble, Lee drew off his army in good order, his cannon uncaptured, and the morale of his formidable soldiers unshaken.

The defeated Confederates lost in killed and wounded 15,530, and in captured 7467, some of whom were likewise wounded, or 23,000 in all;

the defeated French lost from 25,000 to 30,000—probably nearer the latter number.

The Confederates thus lost in killed and wounded at least twenty- five per cent, of their forces, and yet they preserved their artillery and their organization;

while the French suffered an even heavier proportional loss and were turned into a fleeing mob.

Comparing the victors, we find that the forces of the Allies at Waterloo consisted of several different kinds of troops.

Wellington had under him 68,000 English, Germans, and Dutch-Belgians, while Bliicher had 52,000 Prussians.

Century.

VOCAL CULTURE.

One of the most important and, probably, one of the most difficult features connected with our associations, is vocal culture.

Still, it is one of the exercises of nearly every meeting, and one, in which every member should, at least, try to take a part.

If it needed anything to demonstrate its importance, the interest taken in the subject by the General Superintendence, should be sufficient.

The circular issued by the General Superintendency last fall, contained a suggestion with regard to vocal culture, advising the officers of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations to organize singing classes, and, to encourage them in this, a musical contest was arranged for, to stimulate the young men to learn to sing.

The contest, which took place in June last, was novel and interesting, and the first of the kind ever held here;

still, it was a success, and the liberal patronage that it received, proved that the effort was highly appreciated by both old and young.

And, to still further encourage the young men in excelling in the divine art, Superintendent Moses Thatcher announced, that in June next, one thousand dollars would be given in prizes for another contest, which is to be both vocal and instrumental.

While there is much room for culture in both vocal and instrumental music, still I think there has been more advancement made in the latter than the former.

The necessity of vocal culture is manifest on almost every hand, especially among the young.

Go where you may among our people and you will find a necessity for more male singing.

Salt Lake City may be an exception.

The

HOME LOVE.

almost universal cry of choir leaders is:

"We cannot get the young men to sing,"and in too many instances, they cannot get the older men to sing.

Visit our associations, quorum meetings, and other gatherings, except our Sunday services, and we find a lack of singers.

In some of these meetings we find one person only, who sings—the rest sit idly by taking no part in the singing.

Now this is not right.

Singing is just as much a part of our worship as praying or preaching, and in many instances, is as great a factor for good.

Who has not felt his soul inspired by the power of song, and by its influence, had his thoughts carried beyond this mundane sphere?

If there be such a one, to him we may apply the words of the immortal bard:

"The man that hath no music in himself, nor is not moved with concords of sweetsounds, is fit for treasons, strategems and spoils."

There are very few however, if any, among us, to whom the above will apply.

The festivals held in Salt Lake City, are evidences of the progress that is being made in music, and what has been accomplished is due in a great measure, to the energy and ability of Professor Stephens.

While the smaller towns do not possess the same advantages and facilities as Salt Lake City, yet, we think they have them proportionately.

The excellence attained in music, in larger towns, depends more upon culture than upon numbers, and while smaller places cannot excel in point of numbers, they may excel in quality.

Already the good work that is being done in Salt Lake City by Professor Stephens and others, is extending its influence throughout various parts of the Territory by way of stimulation.

The young people of Utah have made considerable progress in vocal and instrumental music during the past few years, but we should make greater progress in the future.

One way, by which young men may learn to sing, is to each have a hymn book, and always take it to meeting, and never fail to sing the hymns that are announced.

One writer has said:

"If you want to learn to sing, sing."This is the secret of the whole matter;

we learn to do by doing.

We learn to sing by singing, and we can never learn to sing by not singing.

Therefore let us make up our minds and commence now, for there is no time like the present.

Do not let us wait till we are called upon missions before we realize the necessity of learning to sing, because, it is just as important at home as abroad.

The season for our associations to commence work, will soon be upon us.

Let us begin now by making preparations that will enable us to make the best possible progress in this department of our work during the coming fall and winter.

Classes should be formed in every association and the best teachers secured to conduct them, and our efforts should continue in this direction until we have a first-class glee club in every association.

John Ouigley.

HOME LOVE.

MALE QUARTETTE.

WORDS BY E. STEPHENS.

MUSIC BY JOSEPH PARRY. (MUS. D.)—^Moderate, mf 1st a 2nd TENOR.

1st & 2nd BASS.

^*W tt "h Vr -d.- t- \S 'J V 1.

Oh home belov'd where'er I wander 2.

The flow'rs around me may be fair - er 3.

Ye val leys fair and snowcapt mountains mf I i gg^ T r me idr On Than Ye

HOME LOVE.

st pmm E f- for - eign land or distant sea;

those that bloom up-on thy hills;

peace-ful hamlets 'mid the trees;

As time rolls by The streams—great mighYe mur - m'ring streams fcfc Ee£ m rTn&^^$ s my heart grows fond er, ty trea - sure - bear ers, and crys - tal foun tains « f—P- And yearns more lov-ing ly for More not - ed may be than thy Kiss'd by the cool soft bal - my g—•—_ rf—f- Sfc£ -a~ t P £ ~S i~ =£ "2=1- w& thee.

Tho'fair be na-ture's face around me, And rills.

No world - renoun my hum-ble vil lage Like breeze,—

Words cannot tell how well I love ye, Nor (S>- =4- «-r « « «|—

«D- -« fil—

» »= /-»- -.-i^^fe as =^F friends are ev er kind and true, these great towns may proudly claim, speak my long-ing when I roam, Tho'joy Yet my My heart ous mirth and fond heart doth a - lone can £-- m ^^=3= *££ rail.

I-BjMf—r-c-r-^f e song surround me, My heart, my soul still yearns for you.

thrill with rapture, Whene'er I hear thy hum - ble name, cry to hea - ven, "God bless my own dear moun-tain home."p rr'll. ~=z N.> _,

FEATHERED

ARCHITECTS.

The simplicity which renders birds unsuspicious of human force or fraud until harsh experience has forced them to believe in it, seldom extends to the care of their young.

They, however, want no visits of inquiry to the tree tops and rock ledges where these are placed.

The parent birds in many species avoid no trouble in caring for the welfare and comfort of their young, and when the trouble taken seems to be the very least, as when the sea-bird lays its eggs upon the naked rock, the health and safety of the young are no doubt cared for by the seeming carelessness. In nests and nesting places there is a wonderful variety exhibited.

Leaving unnoticed the structures whicft are sewn together by the tailorbird, and the marvelous work of the weaver-bird, there is abundant diversity of type nearer home—the elaborate, the gigantic, the ingeniously hidden, and the laboriously excavated. In many the choice of materials is sufficiently strange. Some are noticeable for the apparently intentional absence of effort in concealment.

This is natural enough in birds like the swallow, which have learned to confide in man's protection; but this explanation will not apply to the wary missel thrush, which, contrary to the custom of the family, ceases to sing in the nesting season, yet appears to counteract the precaution of silence by its exposure of the nest; but this may be due to a crafty negligence, just as in the children's game of hide, when the object supposed to be secreted, escapes discovery by not being hidden.

More often, however, those nests which are not secured by being comparatively inaccessible, are withdrawn from observation, either by natural circumstances of position, or by artifice, or by both combined.

The wood-owl sometimes breeds in the burrow of a rabbit or a fox.

Touble is saved and privacy is gained by sagacity which injures no one.

Far different is it in regard to trouble taken with the nest of the chaffinch, carefully constructed of rootlets, moss and grasses, strengthened with cobwebs and lichens, softy lined with hair and feathers, and the down of seeds, Mr. Seebohm calls the structure "a matchless piece of handiwork,"as though the pliancy of human fingers alone were equal to such skill; and the following passages from Mr.

Charles Dixon, bring vividly before the mind the extent of ingenuity which these little creatures can display in order to shield their young ones from danger:

"Here on this grassy bank, in a gorse bush, dry and withered, killed by the relentless frosts of winter.

Amongst its prickly branches, however, a chaffinch has made her nest.

Found merely by accident, let us examine it closely.

The outside of the nest is thickly covered with little pieces of decayed wood, obtained from a log close by, which assimilates her nest most admirably to the brown, dead foliage of the gorse bush, and its withered blooms.

So closely does it resemble surrounding tints, that, seen at a short distance, it appears part of the bush itself. Take another instance, on the lichen covered branch of this heavy birch tree, something is seen which appears to be a knotted prominence of the bark closer inspection reveals the nest of a chaffinch, the whole harmonizing so closely with the tints ot the bark as to defy all but the keenest gaze to detect the bird's secret."

Wonderlul as this capacity of adaptation appears in the little insignificant bird, the facts may be illustrated and their truth supported by what occurs among life of still lower type.

There are species of crabs, which, not indeed for the benefit of their young, but for their own individual advantage, pluck pieces of sponge and sea-weed, and actually plant on the spines of their own shells, so that they, being creatures ot slow movement, may lie in the submarine garden, as if a part of it, and thus pounce on unsuspecting prey.

This surprising circumstance has been further noted, that, when these custaceans are removed to other surroundings of a different character, they proceed either to cover up, or pluck off the no longer suitable costume, and replace it by a suitable and better match.

Rcspice Finem

Perfect Health

Is impossible while the blood is impure, hence the frequency of headaches, stomach disturbances, weariness, depression of spirits, and other uncomfortable sensations.

Remove the cause of these troubles by the use of Ayer's Sarsaparilla, which thoroughly cleanses the blood, invigorates the system, and restores health and strength to mind and body alike.

Be sure the name of Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co., Lowell,.Mass., is on the wrapper.

"I have used Ayer's Sarsaparilla, from time to time, for fifteen or twenty years past, and have found it to be the best of blood-purifiers.

I think very highly of it as a spring medicine.

It clears the blood from all bad humors, and imparts a wonderful feeling of strength and vitality."—Ira Leonard, Lowell, Mass.

"Last spring I suffered from general debility and loss of appetite.

I commenced to take Ayer's Sarsaparilla, and soon felt much better.

By its continued use my strength was fully restored.

Other members of my family have been greatly benefited by it."—Samuel Brown, South

Merrimack, N. H.

"I was a great sufferer from a low condition of the blood and geueral debility, becoming, finally, so reduced that I was unfit for work.

Nothing that I did for the complaint helped me so much as Ayer's Sarsaparilla, a few bottles of which restored me to health and strength.

I take every opportunity to recommend this medicine in similar cases."—C.

Evick, E.

Main st., Chillicothe, Ohio.

"For several years past I have regularly taken

Ayer's Sarsaparilla, not to cure any specific disease, but to tone up the system preparatory to the heated term.

It always relieves that feeling of languor so prevalent during the spring months."—Henry H. Davis, Nashua. N. H.

"If any who suffer from general debility, want of appetite, depression of spirits, and lassitude, will use Ayer's Sarsaparilla, I am confident it will cure them, for I have used it, and speak from experience.

It is the best remedy I ever knew, and I have used a great many."—

F. O. Lovering, Brockton, Mass.

"I suffered for over three years with female weaknesses, without being able to obtain relief.

It was supposed by the doctors that I was in consumption;

but I did not agree with this opinion, as none of our family had ever been afflicted with that disease, and I therefore determined to see what virtue there was in Ayer's

Sarsaparilla.

Before I had taken three bottles.

I was cured.

I can now do my work with ease."—Mrs. J. Creighton, Highgate, Ontario.

Ayer's Sarsaparilla, Prepared by DR.

J.

C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass.

Sold by all Druggists.

Price $1.

Six bottles, $5.

Worth $5 a bottle.

^PRICE'S Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER

TO AGENTS.

We want Live, Energetic and Capable Agents in every county in the United Stater and Canada, to sell a patented article of great merit, on its merits.

An article having a large sale, paying over iooper cent, profit, having no competition, and on which the agent is protected in the exclusive sale by a deed given for each and every county he may secure from us.

With all these advantages to our agents, and the fact that it is an article that can be sold to every house-owner, it might not be necessary to make an "Extraordinary

Offer* to secure good agents at once, but we have concluded to make it to show, not only our confidence in the merits of our invention, but its salability by any agent that will handle it with energy.

Our agents now at work are making from {150 to $600 a month clear, and this fact makes it safe for us to make our offer to all who are out of employment.

Any agent that will give our business a 30 days'trial, and fail to clear at least $100 in this time, above all expenses, can return all goods unsold to us, and we will refund the money paid for them.

Any Agent or General Agent who would like ten or more counties, and work them through sub-agents for 90 days, and fail to clear $750 above all expenses, can return all unsold and get their money back.

No other employer of agents ever dared to make such offers, nor would we if we did not know that we have agents now making more than double the amounts we guaranteed, and that but two sales a day would give a profit of over $125 a month, and that one of our agents took 22 oiders in one day.

Our large descriptive circulars explain our offer fully, and these we wish to send to everyone out of employment who will send us 3 one cent stamps for postage.

Send at once and secure the agency in time for the boom, and go to work on the terms named in our extraordinary offer.

We would like to have the address of all the agents, sewing machine solicitors and carpenters in the country, and ask any reader of this paper who reads this offer, to send us at once the name and address of all such they know.

Address at once RENNER MANUFACTURING CO., 510 Smithfield St., Pittsburgh, Pa.

Geo. A. Lowe, SAXjOP Xj-AJBLEI OITT, O&DEJV tftt ZiOGr^jr, UTAH Dealer in all Kinds or First- Class /^rieultural Implemeptj, Combining Latest Improvements with Lowest Possible Price*.

SCHUTTLER FARM i FREIGHT WAGONS,

BUGGIES, ROAD CARTS, SPRING WAGONS,

Buolreye Mowers, Reapers ar±<3L Binder*,

CROWN MOWERS, DAISY SULKY RAKES,

BRADLEY and SOLID COMFORT SULKY and GANG PLOWS,

SUPERIOR PRESS GRAIN DRILLS, (latest and best).

Planet Junior Cultivators & Garden Tools,

ASPINWALL POTATOE PLANTER, Ames Steam Engines.

Lane Saw & Shingle Mills LEFFEL TURBINE WHEELS.

Write for Catalogue.

Enqviiies Answered Promptly

£.

<?. ^offip Jlardu/are Qo, DEALERS IN< Nails, Iron, I Cordage, Pipe, I Builders'Hardware, Steel, Stoves, Brass and Iron, Granite Ware, Cutlery, Pipe Fittings, Rubber Hose, Belting, Packing, Edge Tools.

Progress Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Finest and Largest Variety of Vvedding (jards Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

/T\erel?ar;t priptii^ ^ompapy, JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

Manager.

,-20 W. 8outh Temple 8t., QATT TATTW OTT\ Nearly opo- So. Temple Qate.

OAJUA 1jAM\.M!j till.

t-^PIONBER^-^ PATENT ROLLER MILL CO, MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF MUM.MiWVWTO'ffirg^ UOIUlK 2Y'\rWA-AS35fTHS?ffiVarcS35'High Patent, Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, W.

South Temple St SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

^ITER BF(QS. D^UG GOH]PA^y, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGS, ^feVARNISHES, PAINTS, iyp, PUTTY, OILS, ^gjp BRUSHES.

O~0rders given prompt attention and careful pricing.

liOGAfi, UTAHFH^N^^iN, IDAHO.

^rK **.

£»A?*^*^ WATCHES, DIAMONDS, O Jexxteltry, SilvercuaPe, Spectacles, Etc.

CARPETS, °*:rv purpitun?, U/all paper, 'A £r.

lae?

Qurtaips, U/ipdou; Shades, Ete.

[lardy, You 9^ 9 <?o.

.-.FIRST.-.^C/ISS/.

pa/T\ily Qroeeries, Dry Qoods, Boots zT)d $\)oe$.

5owi} ai?d <$oui}try Jrad^ $olieited.

H^RDV, - YOUffQ - <$>., 28-30 /T\aip S^. OPP- z - ft A\.

I'm Sa,t La He Qity, 0. p. J^RDY, fflapager.

THE DESERET SAVINGS BANK.

^WHE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called 3f to the Deseret Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

John Sharp, President.

Moses Thatcher, Vice-President.

DIRECTORS.

E. A. Smith, Caehier, Johk Sharp, H. Dinwoodkt, J. E. Barxeb, Eliab A. Smith, F. W. Jnamcai,

Jamm Sharp, L.

S. Hills, D. H. Pbeery. W. W. Riter, Georgb Rommby.

Moses Thatcher,J. 0. Cutler, J. T. Limi, 26 LLTkanaip 28 LLThomUp 30 LLTknuu, 32

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

"V T T4H l;fr&CKEfi 1 4CTOSY, Manufacturers of the Celebrated fSifoet $wmd'of Sine dhwkefti.

SALT LAKE CITY.

8old by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the Territory.

I Largest and most comBOOKS 2LHQ plete Stock Wholesale and Retail.

gtatiOIiery.

Text Library and Mormon Books Specialty.

76 S. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Jpiionigon % Tajloi Spice go.,-* SPICES 1 FLUE EHILS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

ggggggg^Sg RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET,

IT IS THE BEST.- TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN lackwell's Durham Tobacoo The LARGEST SALE of any Tobaeco in the World.

TRADE MARK FOR PLEASURE, <^MFORT,HEALTr SMOKE THE'..MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W.T^lBLJrcKMtoiri, s Co. p^i * DDRHflMJV.C;

TBATITli BEARS THE POPULAR gECAUBE RELIABLE,'M SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St., Chicago,! CMFIfflffll

Fill out this Blank and mail it to us with 20 cent postalorderand we will forwardyouour veryin teres ting

Fall and Winter Fashion Catalogue, fully illustrated in the correct colors and containing over 1,000 descriptions of the latest Paris styles, enabling you to procure a superior garment at a lowerprice than what you can find elsewhere. Write plain with ink.

Name.

Street....

Town...

County.

State FRANCIS ARMSTRONG PRES DIRECTORS FRANCIS ARMSTRONG P.W. MADSEN T.W.ELLERBECK BOLIVAR ROBERTS GEO.Hf CANNON THOS.W.JEHNINGS OR. JOS. S.RICHARDS OSCAR H.HARDY NI.E.CUMMINGS P. W. MADSEN VICEPRE5T NI.E.CUMMINGS CASHIER.

GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

piv<^ per <$ep Interest paid 09 Javir^s Deposits.

COMPOUNDED FOUR TIMES A YEAR.

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH.

Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.—

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

THE STATE BflHK OF UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

""i "•« CAPITAL, » $500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, PRESIDENT.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Cashier.

piRECTORS I JOSEPH P. SMITH.

CHARLES S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. ROWE.

NEPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H.CANNON. PRANK Y. TAYLOR.

SPENCER CLAWSGN.

PHILO T. PARNSWORTH.

ELIAS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOGNO.

HENRY A. WOOLLEY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays 5 per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Go-opeFative JWereantile Institution, Salt Lake City, Organized Oct., 186S.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

OFFICERS:

President, Wilford Woodruff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. Webber;

Treasurer, A. W. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO.

and IDAHO FALLS Drag Dept., Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

W. H. ROWE, Assistant Supt Utah Territory.

ftEBER J. GRANT & CO., J.

F. GRANT, MANAGER DIRECTORS:

Geo. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romney, J. R. Winder, H. Dinwoodey, P. T. Farnsworth, J.

R. Barnes, W. H. Rowe.

MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

T. G. WEBBER, General Supt.

GENERAL AGENTS.

60 Main Street, with State Bank.