November PlUGRimS."—"TREHT0J4 Illustrated.

I.

I THE ft I p I So H |§ I j 5/3 NTRIBUTOR- p A-vnONTHLY-AAGAZINE- si ^I'4^ /oLxiti NOVEABER (891 no § fa I PUBLISHED- BY THE I • CONTRIBUTOR • CO SALT • LAKECITY- UTAH- s3 ft*

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER, '1891.

PAGE.

The Pilgrims, (Illustrated), Joseph M. Tanner.

A Grecian Myth, Church Emigration, VI 1.

Early Emigration to the Valley

Andrew Jenson.

The Downfall of a Proud Fork, Ella Wheeler Wilcox, in "Harpers."

The Spirit of Testimony Henry W. Naisbitt.

Two Etchings: A Soldier of '76.

Under Cover of the Night Ken Denys.

Death of Polygamy in Utah Judge Charles S. Zane in "The Forum."

Chinese Science.'Cactus.

Exercise for Inducing Sleep, *.

Phren. Journal.

The Diversity of Nations, Willard Done.

Charlotte Corday, T. Y. Stanford.

The Evolution of the "Harvester,""Harpers.""Overcome evil with Good,"L. M. Hewlings.

Macaulay.

I, Respice Finem.

Almina, (Continued Story), Nephi Anderson.

Trenton, (Illustrated), ".

Junius F. Wells.

A Battle, "St. Nicholas."Editorials:

Falsehood Refuted....

The Irrigation Resolutions Musical Notes Music The Blossoms Close at Eve The Manual Plan Thomas Hull.

Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst. Cashier.

Zioi/s 5a^9$s Ban, 3 & 5 &a<yfc ^empfe St., Saft SalW (Bill K

ESTABLISHED 1873.

INCORPORATED 1888.

DOES A DIRECTORS.

Wilford Woodruff, Prest., George Q. Cannon, Vice-Prest.,

Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, « James Jack, Le Grande Young, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Clawson.

GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

Pays S Per Cent.

Interest on Savings ==^=Deposits.

esse SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Boxes for Rent at Reasonable Charge, Money to boan, L*u*™et at horn Hates of Interest.

"IT NBVBR IvIE>S!"Trutlx is Tfc^Eisixty and.

"XTC-ill Prevail.

Farmers should read Utah Experiment Station BULLETIN No. 7 ON GOVERNMENT TRIAL.

WRITE PROF.

SANBORN, LOGAN, FOR COPY.

HOOD V£i YIOTOMIODil Read what the "Logan Journal"says in its issue of July 22, 1891.

1 1 was much more exhaustive than the trials at the World's Fair, Philadelphia. in i876,accordine to Mr.

Scott, which were concluded in one day, while in present Experiment two long days w er consumed.

The grass and fields were conceded to be even and of the best for fair trials.

Professor Sanborn kept the matter in his own hands, and all the parties active in the contest active in handling the machines they represented on the ground—agreed that the trial had been fair and impartial, and signed an affidavit to that effect.

The test is of the utmost importance, as it has taken place under government direction, and will be noted all over this country and elsewhere, and will be taken as authoritative.

YES.

MALICIOUS COMPETI HON EQUALLY AS WELL AS ALL CROPS.

«•

Harrisville, Weber Co., August 7th, 1891.

Co-operative Wagon & Machine Co, Ogden,

E. T. Woolley, Manager.

The Russell & Co.'s Massillon Cyclone Separator, 30 inch cylinder, 46 inch Table achine, with ten-horse Woodburv Power, threshed 317 bushels this forenoon, this being its first operation.

It cleans well and DELIVERS IN HALF-BUSHEL—instead of sending it up the stack.

To our friends we say, Buy a Massillon Cyclone and be happy.

McENTIRE & CO.

Pleasant View, Weber Co., Utah, August 4th, 1891,

Co-operative Wagon & Machine Co., Ogden, E. T. Woolley, Manager.

The Walter A. Wood Single Apron Harvester and Binder which we bought from you has cut, bound and elevated to our entire satisfaction in heavy, light, and in fact all kinds of grain and weeds.

C. B WADE, JAMES M. WADE.

North Ogden, Utah, August 4th, 1891.

Co-operative Wagon & Machine Co., 'Ogden.

Gentlemen:—The Walter A. Wood Single Apron Harvester and Binder just bought from you, has been operated five days in some very heavy grain, at least fifty-five bushels per acre.

It Cuts, Binds, Elevates and Delivers to my entire satisfaction.

It has cut and bound grain twelve inches high.

Respectfully, JAMES A. MONTGOMERY.

Morgan City, August 4th, 1891.

Co-operative Wagon and Machine Co.

Gentlemen:—The Walter A. Wood Machines take the lead in this county; we have sold five binders and eight mowers this season.

HEINER BROS. COMMERCIAL CO.

Pleasant Grove, July 31st, 1891.

Messrs. Bullock & Wadley, Pleasant Grove, Utah.

Gentlemen:—The Walter A. Wood Single Apron

Harvester and Binder we bought of you, and for which we gave our order in Silt Lake

City, has been in operation now for several days.

We have cut, bound, elevated and delivered all kinds of grain, heavy, light, and tangled, to our satisfaction, and better than any other machine we have ever seen at the same work.

We consider the Single Apron Open End Machine far superior to any three for four canvas machines, both in point of workmanship and economy.

We have just finished cutting five and a half acres and have not missed tying one bundle.

ISAAC CARLSON, J.

J. CARLSON.

LEADING IMPLEMENT DEALERS, CO-OP. WAGON MACHINE CO., GEO. T. ODELL, General Manager.

Purchase Wood's Single Apron Binder and Pure Sisal Twine.

^wmneu mom Celebrated <3orsets.

HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that f"over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with com mon twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for th#money than any imitation, recognized, for they have "Dr They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

•^WARNER * BROS..:

P^o-w Yo:rvb: etm^L Chicago, \gJJJJ!jL££.2£ For Sa/e in Sa/t Lake City For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I., Z.

C. M.

I.

SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., j W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

COHN BROS., SMUIN & THOMAS, R. K. THOMAS, j J. WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets

P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer In Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House Family Supplies.

8no«8, na.ruwo.rv, nuu = C D TfJP iirOi i LHJ RAILWAY!

SECURE A SET OF THE O JJ-O JLIXO READING COURSE.

they will soon be gone.

address:

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

Through the Rocky Mountains!

Choice of Thr e Distinct Routes, and the most Magnificent Railroad Scenerv in th World.

Two Fast Express Trains Dailv each way between OGDEN. SALT LAKE and DENVER.

Eleeant Reclinino:

Chair Cars!

FREE OF CHARGE Direct Connections made in Union Depots. The most Thoroughly Equipped

Railway in the West J. H. BENNETT, General Freight and Passenger Agent.

D. C. Dodge, A.

E. Welby, Gen'l Manager.

Superinte dent.

B. F. & H. L. SWEET, -MANUFACTURERS OF- *: "COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS, EH- "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

Oo^onerative Wagon arxci Machine Co., General Western Agents.

AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER

TO AGENTS.

We want Live, Energetic and Capable Agents in every county in the United Stater and Canada, to sell a patented article of great merit, on its merits.

An article having a large sale, paying over iooper cent, profit, having no competition, and on which the agent is protected in the exclusive sale by a deed given for each and every county he may secure from us.

With all these advantages to our agents, and the fact that it is an article that can be sold to every house-owner, it might not be necessary to make an "Extraordinary

Offer'to secure good agents at once, but we have concluded to make it to show, not only our confidence in the merits of our invention, but its salability by any agent that will handle it with energy.

Our agents now at work are making from $150 to $600 a month clear, and this fact makes it safe for us to make our offer to all who are out of employment.

Any agent that will give our business a 30 days'trial, and fail to clear at least $100 in this time, above all expenses, can return all goods unsold to us, and we will refund the money paid for them.

Any Agent or General Agent who would like ten or more counties, and work them through sub-agents for 90 days, and fail to clear $750 above all expenses, can return all unsold and get theijr money back.

No other employer of agents ever dared to make such offers, nor would we if we did not know that we have agents now making more than double the amounts we guaranteed, and that but two sales a day would give a profit of over $125 a month, and that one of our agents took 22 oiders in one day.

Our large descriptive circulars explain our offer fully, and these we wish to send to everyone out of employment who will send us 3 one cent stamps for postage.

Send at once and secure the agency in time for the boom, and go to work on the terms named in our extraordinary offer.

We would like to have the address of all the agents, sewing machine solicitors and carpenters in the country, and ask any reader of this paper who reads this offer, to send us at once the name and address of all such they know.

Address at once RENNER MANUFACTURING CO., 510 Smithfield St., Pittsburgh, Pa.

Geo. A. Lowe, SAJXm"X} LA.ECS OITT, OGrDSIV db UO&AJV, UTAH,

Dealer in all Kinds or First- Class /^rieultural Implemei^, Combining Latest Improvements with Lmvest Possible Price*.

SCHUTTLER FARM i FREIGHT WAGONS,

BUGGIES, ROAD CARTS, SPRING WAGONS,

I5iA©ls:e3?r© JMo^wer®, Readers and Biracaera*,

CROWN MOWERS, DAISY SULKY RAKES.

BRADLEY and SOLID COMFORT SULKY and GANG PLOWS,

SUPERIOR PRESS GRAIN DRILLS, (latest and best).

Planet Junior Cultivators & Garden Tools,

ASPINWALL POTATOE PLANTER, Ames Steam Engines.

Lane Saw & Shingle Mills.

<S\ LEFFEL TURBINE WHEELS.

Write for Catalogue.

Enqviiies Answered Promptly.

F.

<?.

^off\T) ^ardu/are Qo, >DBAIiEf^S IN< Cordage, Pipe, Brass and Iron, Pipe Fittings, Rubber Hose, Nails, Iron, Steel, Stoves, Granite Ware, Cutlery, Progress Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Builders'Hardware, Belting, Packing, Edge Tools.

The Finest and Largest Variety of yvedding (jards $G- iP Part|r Tickets Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

/T\erGl?ar/t priptii^ <?ompar;y, JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

Manager.

20 W. South Temple St., «. TT TA1T1? fHT\ Nearly opp. So. Temple QaUi OAJbl JjAlVJCi Villi mt^PIONBBR^^h PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

High Patent, Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, W.

South Temple St.

SALT UAIECIE OITY, UTAH

LM.RUMSEY MANUFACTURING CO

MANUFACTURERS A JOBBERS OF SANITARY SPECIALTIES.

Foundry and Railway Supplies PUMPS, WOOD AND IRON WORKING MACHINERY.

AGRICULTUR AL IMPLEMENTS.

LEAD PIPE, SHEET LEAD and GAS PIPE

PLUMBERS STEAM & GAS FITTERS SUPPLIES.

References—D. James & Co., and Z.

C. M.

I.

ST LOUIS ^BeS^MED* KENNEDY'S OTAHB00K& STATIONERY Co SUCCESSORS TO lTTERi MALERIALl(lDNEYaLUN(K ~-cJi DISEASSEJCO'"otlilllSiill t-l I—

GQ "CORTICELLLM ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, o H o j ffl H.

a w Oh I—

0) y « H G w M r U r r C M H r X r U r H a D PC m These are the Is, in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of thasad} The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli"built.

C. H. SAMPSON. Agent, DO

fiSr~^7~—

---"-"-"~iT'BpyKJESo ^S^^^3i HIGHLAND BRAND EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pnre JVlilk: evaporated to a creamery consistence and Thoroughly Sterilized May be diluted witb either Water

Or fresh IVIilk: to any desired consist^ ence Is equial to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,Vsrrite direct to Jxxxi&lz: 4& X^afoiarx, Agents, p.o.Bcx 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

To Consumers of Pure Lard.

To meet the increasing de mand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers throughout Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City,

Agents for ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS CITY, MO.

'A5 1 ro&m o'ervale &r?6f)ill Offyegir] lle/t betyr?6/ne'_.

aee ij witty me 5ft u...

always looks 50 }\by e>prea65%doi^ ^Wi 5^ bri n2S forme.

For Sale by Z. C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

Vol. XIII.

NOVEMBER, 1891.

No.

1.

THE PILGRIMS.

The Mayflower in Plymouth Harbor.

Visitors to New England usually congregate at Boston for the purpose of directing their excursions from this centre to all the interesting country around.

Pleasant and frequent communication by boat and rail, and its own excellent accommodations as well as historic reputation, make it the first city of all New England, much of whose interest centres here, though its beginning must be sought elsewhere.

New England was born at Plymouth, and there the traveler curiously directs his first inquiry.

The distance from Boston is about thirty-five miles and may be traversed either by boat or by rail.

Generally the boat is preferred, not only because it is cheaper, but because the short voyage along the coast is more attractive and suggestive, and is enlivened by music, which always adds fervor to the poetic and historic occasion.

The deck of the steamer is promenaded by a motly gathering diversified by habit, nationality, and language.

The English dude with his solitary glass fixed by muscular contraction, and attached by an elastic to his plaided vest, wonders if those Pilgrims ever imagined half this, and he is sure that they deserve much honor.

After giving so much attention to those whose lives became the object of his intending visit, he begins a lively inquiry about the refreshments aboard, concerning which his knowledge with half an opportunity is always par excellence.

By his side is a Frenchman, looking with one eye at the harbor about him, and with the other at his traveling companion, wondering what stupid thing that Englishman is saying.

What his critical glance is taking in is merely for his own amusement, and occasions only a self-indulgent smile.

The ubiquitous German is also aboard.

He has just had some genuine German beer, which the Bostonians have imported all the way

THE

PILGRIMS.

from Milwaukee, a sort of American fatherland.

With him impressions are more lasting, and as soon as the joy of his last glass has subsided he will tell you what he thinks about the harbor, the scenery en route, and the Pilgrims.

But there are pious people also on board.

You listen to their conversation and soon learn that they belong to a certain Christian association.

They had not exactly announced an out-door meeting, but they talked loud enough for those at a distance to hear and be admonished.

They were mostly elderly ladies, whose appearance suggested that they may have been old maids or even nuns, had they been dressed according to that station in life.

However, the leader dispelled whatever may have been the cogitations of the bystanders on that point, so far at least as she was concerned.

She believed in one's devotion to the Lord, but it must be understood she was no Catholic.

She had married a man who was a consumptive and he had died though she had not married because he was a consumptive, but because she loved him.

How long she had enjoyed matrimonial life she did not say; but felt like the rest of her days were due the service of the Lord, and she was going down to Plymouth to behold the spot where his first blessing was bestowed upon this land.

With this brief prologue of her personal character, her feelings expanded.

She must have suspected she was in the presence of unbelievers.

She called attention to the hills, the rocks, the scenery, and the waters; and wondered how any one could even doubt there was a

God.

To her mind there was "no cause without an effect."Just how long these observations would have gone on it is impossible to say, had not the cry of a baby disturbed her spirit and unbalanced the equanimity of her soul.

This was not one of those properly regulated boats where children and dogs are forbidden.

After drifting about some time every one secured a corner to his liking.

All were going to Plymouth.

The thoughts of the Pilgrims alone would have been enough to make the journey full of interest and reflection but that band of religious exiles, and the company en route to gaze upon the spot of the Pilgrims'final home beyond the seas, were so diverse in character and purpose as to offer no other inspiration than that of the present.

The sea coast all along the way was the early scene of colonial struggles.

The shores must have been witness of much unwritten history whose voice we would so gladly hear in our vain search for many mysteries of those early days.

After a few hours'pleasant pastime we reached the waters of Cape Cod Bay, and with an imaginary vision lingering on days of yore we are carried back to earlier and prophetic scenes. We have all come to honor those sturdy exiles.

Who were they?

They were pilgrims we know from their unsettled lives and wandering career which terminated in a wild and fanciful world. We have said they were

Puritans, but history now says not.

Not Puritans No, they were not only not Puritans, but they had been the object of

Puritan persecution.

Then all these years the time-honored sentiment of the

Puritan fathers of Plymouth has been more poetic than true And so our school books which aimed to be true were not exact And what of the great Macaulay and our own Bancroft, the sources of historic inspiration for lesser luminaries?

We must now listen to the voice of modern research and learn the new story of a better Pilgrim lore. We pause and are doubtful. We would fain destroy one cherished sentiment, or dim a glorious light, a light hallowed by a noble ancestry whose deeds of valor and lives of devotion are emblematic of a new world.

This new light we admit with reluctance.

We must know first whether it will diminish the lustre of our forefathers'fame.

We always want to know what we would love to know.

You may question our knowledge but touch not our ideals. We are less sensitive about what we think than about what we feel.

If we can receive the assurance that these shrines of our patriotic devotion will not be diminished, but glow by the new light, then let it in.

We are open to receive it.

Let us lift our eyes from that imaginary view

THE

PILGRIMS.

wherein we behold the Mayflower rocked on the waves of a wintry wind, and behold the rolling hills clothed in autumn's faded foliage let us not question the rock of modern pilgrimage till we listen to the story of those whose names are the wondering and admiring theme at the hearth stones of a great nation.

Let us bid patience to the curiosity that would hurry us on to gaze upon the relics and land-marks of an historic past.

Let us know more about these Pilgrims.

If they were not Puritans who were they?

We know the story of them and their mother country.

son, the English embassador to Holland in 1585.

They could not conceal their worship any longer.

Informers were active and made this little body of Separatists so uncomfortable that the latter resolved in the autumn of to set sail from the port of Boston.

Through the perfidy of the commander of the ship they were betrayed and taken prisoners.

They were searched for money and officially robbed.

Under the ban of popular prejudice these refugees could not hope for even a decent consideration of their personal rights.

Persecution always holds aloft the sceptre of Landing of the Pilgrims.—Painting by Sargent.

Away from Scrooby, a little hamlet not far from York and about forty miles from Boston in England, they resolved to wander in search of freedom.

The spiritual and intellectual thraldom of the age oppressed their souls.

Whither should they go?

On the continent not far across the sea was Holland.

Other religious exiles had found an asylum there; why should they, too, not there escape the awful fury of bigotry?

Besides their good shepherd, William Brewster, had in his early and prosperous days been a trusted secretary to Davioffice and power in one hand while the other insinuates itself by the enticing touch of greed into the plunder of its victim.

The men among these exiles were examined to their shirts, and the women searched "further than became modesty."Poor women, the objects of lust in the minions of the law.

But such has always been the misfortune of their sex at the hands of bigotry and moral cant.

These ear marks, plunder and lust, have made the beast, Persecution, conspicuous in every unjust aggression upon the liberties of men.

I 77//'PILGRIMS.

The people may have been disheartened, the natural reaction in the temporary failure of an important enterprise, but they were not daunted.

The spring of arrived, and they prepared a second time to make their escape.

A Dutch vessel was to meet them near the mouth of the Humber at Grimsby Common.

The women and baggage had been sent in a shallop to the common rendezvous where all had gathered according to appointment.

The shallop with its precious cargo had reached the place 'first, and the women in consequence of seasickness persuaded the boatmen to take the boat over into a still bands and fathers as best they could.

Later on in the same year in the month of August they succeeded in joining their fellow exiles on the banks of the Zuyder

Sea in Holland.

Why this flight of an isolated few?

James I. was the King of England and in his realm there were two powerful and opposing parties, both struggling for superiority.

The King was the head of the church as well as of the state, and those who not only acknowledged his supreme authority but adhered to all the rituals and observances of the church were styled Conformists.

Their opponents were the Non-Conformists those Plymouth Rock.

creek.

This proved serious in its consequences, for at ebb tide next morning they found themselves aground.

The only means of embarking being one of the ship's small boats, there was a great delay.

One load was taken to the ship, when in the distance a great crowd of horse and foot appeared.

This became the signal for consternation from all sides.

The few on board ship begged to be returned to those on shore but the captain, who feared the consequences of his own arrest, raised anchor and set sail with only a fraction of the company. A separation of those on shore soon increased the gravity of the situation.

The men escaped along the shore, leaving their wives and children to the mercy of the officers.

After many indignities and frequent appearances before the different justices, they were finally given their liberty and left to join their huswho objected to such ceremonies as the ring in marriage, sign of the cross in baptism, kneeling at the communion, bowing in the creed, and to showy vestments, all of which they considered remnants of papacy and wholly contrary to the Reformation.

But these Non-Conformists acknowledged the authority of the King and unity of the church, which they designated a seamless garment that was to be cleansed but not rent.

This Non-Conformist body soon developed political aspirations, and became the Puritans of that age.

Their history even antedates the reign of James, for the Non-conformists were prominent in Elizabeth's time.

Eminent Puritans, such as Raleigh, Davison, Essex, Bacon, and the poet Spenser, enjoyed royal favor.

Their history begins about and closes eighty years after.

But it is not always to be supposed that they were chiefly and

THE

PILGRIMS.

above all reformers enlisted in the great struggle of Cromwell, and bound to his policy and support, since Puritans were also found in the armies of the king.

They suffered religious persecution in their early efforts to reform the church in that age; but in turn they too became intolerant.

The departure from the church was in their mind a deadly sin.

They formed at one time a majority of the commoners, and became so numerous and powerful as to rule the country.

On the other hand the Separatists, or Brownists, as they were sometimes called, not only did not conform to the rituals of the church, but even denied the ecclesiastical authority of the king.

They claimed the right of chosing their own pastor, and the privilege of governing their own affairs according to the preferences of each congregation.

They were, it is true, at first identified with the Puritan movement; but they even went farther in separating themselves from the Church of England, than the Puritans had gone in refusing conformity to certain papal observances existing in the church; and they can no more be Puritans, than Puritans can be called Episcopalians, or Episcopalians Catholics.

On religious questions these Separatists were in advance of all others.

They were the chosen of the choice, few indeed in numbers;, estimated by some at twenty thousand, but really believed to be no more than five thousand in the whole kingdom. We are glad to know all this, because we have wondered that a people, so powerful as to control the House of Commons and soon overthrow the kingdom, should seek freedom of worship in other lands.

Puritan achievements were soon to make them the arbitrators of their country.

Puritan glory would soon break forth but beyond the seas it was reserved for a Separatist band of exiles to carry the beacon light of human progress.

It is said, in the vestibule of the House of Lords is a fine painting, by Cope, of the sailing of the Mayflower.

It was formerly inscribed "Departure of a Puritan

Family for New England."Lords Macaulay and Stanhope (Mahon) gave hearing to the artist and others interested and seeing their own habitual error in confounding Puritan with Separatist and

Dissenter, they, as Commissioners on Decorations, changed "A Puritan Family"to "The Pilgrim Fathers."

At the time of the departure of these pilgrims from Scrooby the Separatist movement was retrograding.

If this choice seed was to escape destruction it must be planted in other soil.

It would not long endure the social pressure.

But choice as it was then it was to be winnowed still more.

Trials and hardships, misfortunes and disappointments followed them to their foreign homes. Those who could be discouraged fell by the v. ayside.

They found liberty of worship in Holland, but were restless and discontent.

Not satisfied in Amsterdam they went to Leyden.

They were unsuccessful in a worldly way and must satisfy their ambition in a spiritual sphere.

Englishmen by birth and taste the country of their adoption was not congenial to them.

Their children they said were learning a foreign tongue.

The daughters of the country were "fair to look upon,"and their descendants must soon be absorbed among the Dutch.

They had entered Holland at the beginning of a twelve years'truce between that country and

Spain.

It was about to close, and the foreboding of war's desolation might have hung heavily upon them.

Was it cowardly to quit now the country that had given them shelter in their adversity

These discontented exiles have been followed in their wanderings by the cynic whose business it is to destroy all human ideals.

They have been harshly dealt with by the hypercritical spirit of modern skepticism, as they have been the theme of the statesman and of the orators'panegyrics.

Were they cravenhearted when they ran and left their wives and children at Grimsby Common when the officers approached?

Were they now guilty of gross ingratitude in leaving the country that had given them an asylum when that country was about to be plunged into a war for the defence of its liberties and for the freedom of worship?

Their critics have thought so, and have been urged in their efforts to

THE

PILGRIMS.

belittle the memories of a noble band of exiles, by the encouragement which the tendency of human nature manifests in its ready reception of evil reports.

But fortunately for the honor of a great nation their detractors are few, and the spirit of generous interpretation of their weaknesses seeks its consolation in the greatness of their achievements.

Only the minor part of the congregation left Holland, but they were to be joined by others in England.

Many had faltered.

Only one hundred and two finally left England for the New World.

They felt that their principles were great and that they might become stepping stones for others.

Like all great patriots and reformers they humbled and sacrificed themselves that they might exalt their posterity.

Their greatness must rather be sought in the sublimity of their conceptions than in the.wisdom of their counsels and the execution of their plansThey were to colonize under a Virginia charter, but they found themselves beyond the pale of all charters.

They were going to the Hudson, but landed on New

England's rocky coast.

The freedom of religious worship was not alone the goal of their pilgrimages.

They sought contentment in a strange land and could not find it.

The voice of their destiny silenced not, neither suffered it the slumbers and dreams of content.

If its call were not heeded to-day it aroused them to action on the morrow.

These men were pious and it was well they were so, they were devout and the world respects their devotion; but above all things, they were vigilant.

The vigilant man may see too much, may fear too much, but better see and fear too much than too little.

Their vigilance made them suspicious, and in the light of their understanding they sought rather to prevent than to extirpate evil.

The wisdom of their choice a nation learnt to ratify.

They carried over the waters many of the weaknesses of their age; but they left the worst behind them.

They are about to enter the promised land, but not at its most promising coasts.

The New England coast is the most uninviting of the whole shores of the East from Maine to Florida.

It was already November when they reached Cape Cod, which they soon explored, While here, off the coast near what is now known as Provincetown, they framed a simple written constitution as the basis of their future government.

According to the ideas of some they should be beyond the pale of any government as soon as they landed.

North of 41 they were outside of any chartered authority.

True, the king made a somewhat unfixed claim to all New England but they had no charter and therefore no authority from him to establish any kind of.government, so that they had only to consider their own welfare and the interests of the colony in drawing such a document as would give "just and equall lawes"to all.

The document is short and has been styled by some the first exemplification of an Utopian democracy.

As the basis of the new republic it certainly had none of the aristocracy of birth of the Swiss republic, nor the aristocracy of wealth of the Dutch republic.

As a specimen of the English of that day, and as an evidence of the purpose of their colonization,

I give here the body of the document "In ye name of God, Amen! we whose names are under-written, the loyall subjects of our dread sovereigne Lord, King

James, by ye grace of God, of Great Britaine, France, and Ireland, king, defender of ye faith, &c, haveing undertaken, for ye glorie of God and advancemente of ye Christian faith, and honor of our king and countrie, a voyage to plant ye first colonie in ye Northerne parts of Virginia, doe by these presents solemnly and mutualy in ye presence of

God, and one of another, covenant and combine ourselves together into a civill body politick, for our better ordering and preservation and furtherance of ye ends aforesaid; and by vertue hearof to enacte, constitute and frame such just and equall lawes, ordinances, acts, constitutions, and offices, from time to time, as shall be thought most meete and convenient for ye generall good of ye Colonie, unto which we promise all due submission and obedience."

This "advancement of ye Christian

7777:

PILGRIMS.

faith "may serve to explain their position on religious matters in the subsequent history of the colony.

They did not come to make this an asylum for the oppressed of all lands.

To affirm such is to impute a want of religious freedom to others which they were not always disposed to grant.

They sought that liberty for themselves alone, and were willing to isolate themselves from the world that they might more exclusively enjoy it.

It was enough that they remembered the intolerance shown them, and became more tolerant to others than any of their New England brethren of the rigid Puritan faith.

Religion was their temple and civil government the scaffolding used in its erection and prethe middle of this island is a large boulder on which has been cut the words "On the Sabboth Day wee Rested."

The island contains eighty and a fourth acres of land, and was early a place of resort for the colonists.

The stories that the Pilgrims held their first meeting here and used the rock as a pulpit—from which tradition it has been called "Pulpit Rock"—are fictional.

It does not really appear that they held any services on that memorable Sunday.

It is a place inseparably associated with Pilgrim fame.

Before this Sabbath, however, on the 21st of December, 1620, the exploring party had first landed on the famous rock, and had soon after decided that Plymouth best answered the requirements of the new Clark's Island.

servation.

But civil and religious liberty have grown together and died one with the other.

Whatever they did to promote the one elevated and made more permanent the other.

Their position was entirely new and civil government under new conditions must be experimental.

This took place more than a month pi'evious to their final landing.

As soon as they were fully decided that no country about the Cape fully answered their needs they took the Mayflower into Cape

Cod Bay and passed their first Sunday in the New World on Clark's Island.

In colony; cleared land, fresh water, natural defence, and a good harbor.

It was, however, December 30th before the permanent landing of the Pilgrims began.

Our old histories frequently state that the colonists called their new settlement Plymouth in honor of Plymouth in England, the port from which they had set sail on their way from Holland.

This is a mistake.

This region had been discovered and somewhat explored before their time, and John Smith had drawn a map of the /bay and given the name to the place so that having the map in

A GRECIAN MYTH.

their possession they continued to call the place Plymouth.

Thus began the new commonwealth, for although other colonists had preceded thern, the Pilgrims were the foremost in liberty of worship, progress, and education.

If the Puritans had led the reformation within the Church of England, the Pilgrims still led the van of religious freedom; and in justice to this superiority the distinction between Puritan and Pilgrim is now strictly drawn, both in the Old World and in the New. We stand on "Forefathers'Rock "and pensively survey the bay.

At the time-honored isle out from the shore we cast a wondering look, and we ask what has made all this the object of so many pilgrimages and of so much adoration.

Is it all unselfish, or do we not sense the measure of our own national greatness and come hither to pay homage to ourselves.

The curious wander amid the throng, and the traveler passes this way.

The vain will boa t oj all they see, and the listless idler in a guardian's charge grows absent-minded when the novelty of the first glance has fled; but he who learns wisdom from the example and achievements of others, and finds in his own sphere the need of patience, tenacity, and of a higher destiny, will take courage in the presence of these sacred reminiscences of a sturdy and devout people.

"Hail, Pilgrim Fathers of our race

With grateful hearts your toils we trac.

Again this Votive Day returns,

And finds us bending o'er your urns."yoseph M.

Tanner s*^^- Elder Brewster's Chair.—Cradle of Peregrine White.

A GRECIAN MYTH.

ICARUS.

He sold his poems and was free from care,

The critics praised them, and he trod on air;

The people crowned him 'mid their poet-kings;

He touched the earth no more, but spread his wings.

But ah, the test of worth he could not shun;

His wings were wax, and melted in the sun;

The sires gazed upward on a flight of fame,

Their sons looked down on a forgotten name.

CHURCH

EMIGRATION.

EARLY IMMIGRATION TO THE VALLEY.

Early in February, 1846, the exodus of the Saints from Nauvoo, Illinois, commenced, and it was expected that a new permanent gathering place would be found that same season;

but owing to the call from the government for the Mormon Battalion, and other causes, the advance companies of the exiles had only reached points some distance west of the Missouri River, when cold weather again set in, and the bulk of the

Saints found it necessary to spend the winter of 1846-47 at Winter Quarters, on the west bank of the Missouri River, on lands belonging to the Omaha Indians;

while some wintered at Ponca, northwest of Winter Quarters, and at other places.

Quite a number also spent the winter in the Pottawatamie country, on the opposite side of the river, and again others at the temporary settlements of Mount Pisgah and Garden Grove, in Iowa Territory.

The emigration from the British Isles was temporarily stopped.

In April, 1847, President Young, accompanied by one hundred and forty-two other Pioneers, besides three women and two children, set out from Winter Quarters in search of a new gathering place for the Saints.

In July, following, they arrived in the Valley of the Great Salt Lake, which they selected as the future home for the people of God.

Following in the wake of this first company of Pioneers, came what is called the immigration of 1847—the first immigration into the Great Salt Lake Valley—consisting of upwards of two thousand souls, who crossed the plains and mountains from Winter Quarters t,o the Valley with five hundred and sixty- six wagons organized into companies of tens, fifties and hundreds, with a captain over each.

The whole immigration traveled under the direction of John Young and other general officers duly appointed, who took advice and counsel from Apostles Parley P. Pratt and John Taylor, the only two members of the Quorum of the Twelve who traveled with the immigration, most of the other

Apostles being with the Pioneers who had gone ahead.

Under the direction of the general officers, there were four captains of hundreds, namely First, Daniel Spencer, under whom Ira El dredge and Peregrine

Sessions acted as captains of fifties;

second, Edward Hunter, with whom Jacob

Foutz and Joseph Home were associated as captains of fifties;

third, Jedediah M.

Grant, with Joseph B. Noble and Willard

Snow as captains of fifties;

fourth, Abraham O. Smoot, under whose direction George B. Wallace and Samuel Russell acted as captains of fifties.

The ninth company, under the direction of Charles C.

Rich, was somewhat independent in its organization, and was generally known as the "artillery company,"as it carried several pieces of artillery with it.

It was not attached to either of the four organizations of hundreds, but was rather recognized as a separate or fifth hundred.

The wagons that made up these companies began to gather on the west side of the Elkhorn River, west of Winter Quarters, about the twelfth of June, 1847.

On the fifteenth, about three hundred wagons having collected, a meeting was called around a liberty pole erected to designate a place for public gathering.

Orson Spencer's hundred was the first organized, and^noved off the grounds on the eighteenth of June.

On the nineteenth Captain Jedediah M. Grant's hundred traveled fifteen miles and encamped in sight of Captain Spencer's.

The other companies followed soon afterwards, and about the first of July the emigration was fairly under way, traveling westward in good order.

The wagons were generally drawn by oxen, of which there were from four to eight to a wagon.

They traveled in companies of one hundred wagons, when circumstances made it practicable, but when scarcity of grass or bad roads made it inconvenient for so large companies to travel together, they divided in fifties and sometimes into tens.

Ten to fifteen miles was the average distance made in a day, and their cattle fed solely upon the grass which the country produced.

Occasionally, when dan-

IO CHUK C H RMIGRA TION.

gers from Indians were apprehended, they traveled two, sometimes four, and sometimes six wagons abreast.

Good health generally prevailed in the camps, and only six or seven deaths occurred among the.immigrants during the journey.

Two or three of these were infants, and the remainder mostly, if not all, seriously disposed before they started.

About the middle of September Orson

Spencer's hundred arrived in the valley, and during the latter part of the same month and the early part of October the other companies arrived.

The ultimate destination of the exterminated Saints was, from the first, intended to be beyond the Rocky Mountains;

and, in the meantime, the Saints from Great Britain were directed to make for the bay or port of San Francisco.

Elder Reuben Hedlock, in an address, in February, 1846, intimated that a company would leave in the following September for California (see Millennial Star, Volume VII, page 46); and in another address in April, 1846, he stated that, following the instructions given by Elder Wilford Woodruff, previous to his departure, and the voice of the general conference, held in Manchester, he should submit to the next general conference, the formation of the first company of emigrants, that all things might be prepared to send out a vessel on the tenth of

September.

(See Millennial Star, Volume VII, page 124.) These arrangements, however, were never carried into effect;

but on the arrival in England of Apostles Orson Hyde and John Taylor, on the third of October, 1846, and Parley P. Pratt on the 14th, the emigration was further suspended.

Having been appointed to go to England, these three Apostles left Council Bluffs in the previous summer, and on their arrival took charge of the British mission.

At this time the Elders in Great Britain, who were zealous and energetic in preaching the Gospel, met with good success, and large numbers were baptized.

These converts, however, were generally from the poorer classes; and the poverty occasioned among them by lack of employment and consequent lack of means, was very great.

Under thesecircumstances, it was easier to find persons willing to embrace the Gospel, than to find means to emigrate them.

In hopes of finding relief through the aid of the government, a memorial, gotten upunder the direction of Apostles Hyde,.

Pratt, and Taylor, and signed by nearly thirteen thousand persons, was presented to Queen Victoria, in February, 1847, praying for aid in the emigration of her subjects to Vancouver Island or Oregon, suggesting the plan of giving grants of land and other aid to those who should thus emigrate, and showing that, by this means, much of the distress then existing in Great Britain could be relieved; besides, the territories mentioned, belonging to Great Britain, would thus be strengthened in power and their resources developed.

It was further proposed that if the petition was granted, the memorialists would guarantee to furnish twenty thousand people of all trades, and from most districts in Scotland, England and Wales, to go at once, or as soon as vessels could be found to take them.

Copies of this memorial were sent to every member of Parliament, and other distinguished individuals, that the matter might be brought plainly to their notice.

Lord John Russell, Prime Minister, under date of February 9th, 1847, directed a reply in acknowledgment of the receipt of the memorial; and Dr. John Bowring, member of Parliament, answered, expressing his views as being favorable to the scheme proposed, but admitted that he did not consider it practicable, in view of the heavy demands then being made on the government treasury.

No action was.

taken.

Oregon and Vancouver Island, however, were not lost sight of.

In the Millennial Star of April 1st, 1847, Elder Orson Spencer, then presiding over the British Mission, issued an editorial, in accordance with the contents of a letter received from President Brigham Young,, advising such of the British Saints as had or could raise the means, to emigrate to

Vancouver Island.

{Millennial Star, vol..

IX, page 104.) But the Saints in England did not avail themselves of this-

'CHURCH EMIGRATION, IP opportunity; they remained in constant expectation of counsel from the Twelve

Apostles, which should point out the course to be taken in the future by the emigrants.

At length the Pioneers, under President Young, who left Winter Quarters, in April, 1847, in search of a location in or beyond the Rocky Mountains, for the Saints to gather to, returned on the thirty-first of October, 1847, having fixed upon the great Salt Lake Valley as the most suitable spot.

On December 33rd, 1847, the Twelve Apostles issued an epistle to the Saints throughout the earth, in which the long-wished for word to re-open the emigration was given The following is an extract:

"Gather yourselves together speedily, near to this place (Winter Quarters), on the east side of the Missouri River, and, if possible, be ready to start from hence by the first of May next, or as soon as grass is sufficiently grown, and go to the Great

Salt Lake City, with breadstuff sufficient to sustain you until you can raise grain the following season.

Let the Saints who have been driven and scattered from Nauvoo, and all others in the Western States, gather immediately to the east bank of the river, bringing with them all the young stock, of various kinds, they possibly can; and let all the Saints in the

United States and Canada gather to the same place, by the first spring navigation, or as soon as they can, bringing their money, goods, and effects with them;

and so far as they can consistently, gather young stock by the way, which is much needed here, and will be ready sale:

and when here, let all who can, go directly over the mountains; and those who cannot, let them go immediately to work at making improvements, raising grain and stock, on the lands recently vacated by the Pottawatamie Indians, and owned by the United States, and by industry they can soon gather sufficient means to prosecute their journey.

In a year or two their young cattle will grow into teams; by interchange of labor they can raise their own grain and provisions, and build their own wagons;

and by sale of their improvements, to citizens who will gladly come and occupy, they can replenish their clothing, and thus speedily and comfortably procure an outfit.

All Saints who are coming on this route, will do well to furnish themselves with woolen or winter, instead of summer clothing, generally, as they will be exposed to many chilling blasts before they pass the mountain, heights.

"We have named the Pottawatamie lands as the best place for the brethren to assemble on the route, because the journey is so very long, that they must have a stopping place, and this is the nearest point to their final destination, which makes it not only desirable, but necessary;

and, as it is a wilderness country, it wilt not infringe upon the rights and privilegesof any one; and yet it is so near Western

Missouri, that a few days travel will give themjan'opportunity of trade, if neces sity requires, and this is the best general rendezvouz that now presents itself, without intruding on the rights of others.

"To the Saints in England, Scotland,.

Ireland, Wales, and adjacent islands and countries, we say, emigrate as speedily as.

possible to this vicinity, looking to, and following the counsel of the Presidency at

Liverpool; shipping to New Orleans, and from thence direct to Council Bluffs, which will save much expense.

Those who have but little means, and little or no labor, will soon exhaust that means if they remain where they are;

therefore, it is wisdom that they remove without delay;

for here is land on which, by their labor, they can speedily better their condition for their further journey.

And to all Saints in any country bordering upon the Atlantic, we would say, pursue the same course; come immediately and prepare to go West—bringing with you all kinds of choice seeds, of grain, vegetables, fruits, shrubbery, trees and vines everything that will please the eye, gladden the heart, or cheer the soul of man, that grows upon the face of the whole earth; also the best stock of beasts, birds, and fowls of every kind; also the best tools of every description, and machinery for spinning, or weaving, and dressing cotton, wool, flax, silk, etc., etc., or models and descriptions of the same, by which they

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

can construct them; and the same in relation to all kinds of farming utensils and husbandry, such as corn-shellers, grain threshers and 'cleaners, smut machines, mills, and every implement and article within their knowledge that shall tend to promote the comfort, health, happiness or prosperity of any people. So far as it can be consistently done, bring models and drafts, and let the machinery be built where it is used, which will save great expense in transportation, particularly in heavy machinery, and tools and implements generally.

"The brethren must recollect that from this point they pass through a savage country, and their safety depends on good fire-arms and plenty of ammunition—and then they may have their teams run off in open daylight, as we have had, unless they shall watch closely and continually."In compliance with the foregoing instructions, active preparations were at once commenced at Winter Quarters for the next summer's journey across the plains to the Valfcy.

On the ninth of May, 1848, the first twenty-two wagons left Winter Quarters for the Elkhorn River, the place of rendezvous for the organization of the companies intending to move to the mountains that season.

They were soon followed by others, and on the twenty-sixth President Young started from Winter Quarters for the Elkhorn.

Heber C.

Kimball reached the Elkhorn on the first of June, having fifty-five wagons in his company.

On the thirty-first of May the organization of President Young's company was commenced by appointing Zera Pulsipher captain of hundred, with John Benbow and Daniel Wood captains of fifties; also

Lorenzo Snow captain of hundred, and Heman Hyde and John Stoker captains of fifties.

The next day the further organization was proceeded with by the appointment of William G.

Perkins as captain of hundred, and John D.

Lee and Eleazer Miller captains of fifties; also

Allen Taylor captain of hundred, and John Harvey and Daniel Garn captains of fifties.

President Young was sustained as general superintendent of the emigrating companies, and

Daniel H. Wells as aid-de-camp.

In President Young's company there were one thousand two hundred and twenty-nine souls, three hundred and ninety-seven wagons, seventy-four horses, nineteen mules, one thousand two hundred and seventy-five oxen, six hundred and ninety-nine cows, one hundred and eighty-four loose cattle, four hundred and eleven sheep, one hundred and forty-one pigs, six hundred and five chickens, thirty-seven cats, eightytwo dogs, three goats, ten geese, two hives of bees, eight doves, and one cow, the latter owned by W. W. Phelps.

President Heber C. Kimball's company was organized by electing Henry Herriman captain of the first hundred, and Titus Billings and John Pack captains of fifties.

In his company there were six hundred and sixty two souls, two hundred and twenty-six wagons, fifty-seven horses, twenty-five mules, seven hundred and thirty-seven oxen, two hundred and eighty-four cows, one hundred and fifty loose cattle, two hundred and forty-three sheep, ninety six pigs, two hundred and ninety nine chickens, seventeen cats, fiftytwo dogs, three hives of bees, three doves, five ducks, and one squirrel.

On the twenty-ninth of June Amasa M.

Lyman, with a company of one hundred and eight wagons, left Winter Quarters for the Elkhorn River Dr.

Willard Richards also left that place on the third of July.

These companies joined in electing James M. Flake captain of hundred, Franklin D. Richards and James H. Rollins captains of fifties.

In these companies there were five hundred and two whites, twenty-four negroes, one hundred and sixty-nine wagons, fifty horses, twenty mules, five hundred and fifteen oxen, four hundred and twentysix cows and loose cattle, three hundred and sixty-nine sheep, sixty-three pigs, five cats, forty-four dogs, one hundred and seventy chickens, four turkeys, seven ducks, five doves and three goats.

With the departure of these companies Winter

Quarters was left nearly desolate.

The first of President Young's company arrived in the Valley on the twentieth of September, and President Kimball's arrived a few days later.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Teams and wagons were sent back, in charge of Jedediah M.

Grant, to assist President Willard Richards and Amasa

M. Lyman's companies.

The first of the last named company arrived in Salt Lake

Valley, October 10th, and President Richards and company on the 19th.

The news of the reopening of the emigration was gladly received by tens of thousands in Great Britain, who had been anxiously desiring for a long time to join the main body of the Church.

It is true that many would have set out in search of it while it was wandering in the

Indian Territory and in the wilds of Iowa—a country then settled quite recently, and within the borders of which there were still hundreds of Indians roaming, who had not yet been removed by the United States government.

The far-seeing prudence of the leaders of the

Church, both in America and England, however, prevented such a step, until some permanent abiding place could be found.

On receiving instructions from the Twelve, President Orson Spencer issued instructions under date of February 1st, 1848, to the following effect:

"Emigration.—The channel of Saints'emigration to the land of Zion is now opened. The long wished for time 0/ gathering has come. Good tidings from Mount

Zion. The resting place of Israel, for the last days, has been discovered.

In the elevated valleys of the Salt Lake and

Utah Lake, with the beautiful river Jordan running through from south to north, is the newly established Stake of Zion.

.

It is now designed to fit out a ship's company of emigrants as soon as practicable.

It is not well to embark from Liverpool later than about the first of March, until the warm season is past.

In September, again, it may do to commence sending companies as far as Council Bluffs, from whence they can remove over the mountains in the following spring.

The first company this winter ought to be embarked from Liverpool as early as February 9th.

The Presidents of Conferences are requested to forward to us the number of those who are prepared to emigrate by the ninth of Fel>ru iry, and also the number that will be ready by the twenty-third of Frebruary.

The persons who wish their names registered, to go in the first vessel that sails, are requested to forward their names with an advanced payment of £1, as deposit money.

With this sum we shall secure the passages of those whose names and moneys are forwarded.

The utmost economy, cheapness and comfort will be studiously sought Out for the passengers.

We have no means of certifying definitely the price of passage to Council Bluffs or St. Louis.

It would be well to calculate upon £7 passage-money to St. Louis;

children under twelve years, half price, including provisions and stores.

The whole expense from Liverpool to the

Bluffs, for one person, may be ^"io.

Emigrants going beyond St. Louis by the

Missouri River, should be ready to go up that river early enough in the spring to have the benefit of high water, as boats do not often pass as far as the Bluffs in the summer.

Those also who intend to cross the mountains will find it desirable to leave Council Bluffs before the summer begins.

Those who have adequate means for passing the mountains this season, it is thought, will be advised to do so, while others may tarry at the Bluffs until they can furnish the necessary means for pursuing their journey to Salt

Lake.

Some others may be advised, for want of adequate means, to tarry at St.

Louis, until sufficient can be earned to carry them forward. The poor, and those who have not adequate means, will be assisted as far as practicable, obligating themselves to make remuneration when it is in their power.

Our hopes, in regard to the deliverance of the poor, are firm and bright;

never have they been more so than at the present moment.

Let them wait their day, and watch their opportunity, keeping the commandments with all diligence, and thev shall find deliverance sooner and more perfectly than the skeptical apprehend."(Milletiniaf Star, Volume X, page 40.) On the twentieth of February, 1848, the ship Carnatic, Captain McKenzie, reopened the emigration from the British

Isles after a suspension of two years; one

*4 CHURCH EMIGRATION.

hundred and twenty Saints sailed in that vessel, which was followed, about two weeks later, by the ship Sailor Prince, in which eighty Saints embarked.

These companies were met at New Orleans by

Elder Lucius N. Scovil, who had been appointed Church agent to superintend reshipping of emigrants up the Mississippi

River, to St. Louis and Winter Quarters.

Brother Scovil acted in that capacity until the summer of 1849, when he was succeeded by Thomas McKenzie.

April 22nd, 1848, Apostle Orson Pratt was appointed at Winter Quarters to go to England, to superintend all the affairs of the Church in Great Britain and adjacent countries; he arrived in Liverpool, July 26, 1848.

On the fifteenth of August following, in an epistle to the Saints, he announced that he should conduct the emigration and that the season for operation would be from the early part of September of one year until March of the next.

{Millennial Star, Volume X, No.

16.) According to this plan, Elder Pratt sent out his two first companies, in September, in the Erin's Queen and Sailor Prince.

A few also sailed in the Lord Sandon, all for New Orleans.

After sending out six more vessels (the

Zetland, Ashland, Henry Ware, Buena Vista, Hartley, and Emblem) in the beginning of 1849, which together carried one thousand three hundred and thirtynine passengers, Orson Pratt said, editorially, in the Millennial Star of March 15th, 1849, that he should not send any more ships, loaded with Saints, until the latter part of August or the fore part of

September; but if any individuals, families, or companies desired at any time to emigrate to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or any other port in America, and would send their addresses, names, ages, and deposits of £1 per head, they could have their berths secured, and be notified by letter what day to be in Liverpool.

Only a very few, if any, availed themselves of this opportunity to emigrate.

After the evacuation of Winter Quarters, in the summer of 1848, Council Bluffs, on the opposite side of the river, became the intermediate station between

Great Britain and Great Salt Lake Valley, and the emigration during Apostle Pratt's agency began to extend amazingly.

It was thought by many of the Saints that none would be counseled to emigrate who were unable to go direct through to the Valley, but this impression being removed by the following explanation, which I extract from an epistle of Apostle

Orson Pratt, published in the Millennial Star of September 15th, 1849, several thousands emigrated during that and the following years, who otherwise might have remained a longer time:

"There has been much inquiry among the Saints of late, whether it is their privilege to go from this country unless they have means sufficient to carry them through to the Salt Lake Valley. We answer, that if none were to go only such as have sufficient funds to perform the whole journey, there would not be much gathering from the island.

"We should hardlyjudge that there were a hundred families among the Saints in Great Britain who were able to go direct from here to the Salt Lake basin.

If there were mechanics here who had money to perform the whole journey without stopping, it would be wisdom to organize themselves into a company, and go directly to the Valley.

But the circumstances of the mechanics and agriculturists are such, that almost every one will be under the necessity of stopping in the States to procure something to bear their expenses still further.

This extreme poverty will, for the present, we are sorry to say, prevent mechanics from following out the good and wise suggestions relative to organization.

As many of the Saints as can, should continue to gather up to Council Bluffs, where they will be far better situated than in any other place abroad.

We are certain that any healthy, ablebodied person can, with one half the labor performed in this country, procure a good comfortable living from the soil.

But let no one gather to the Pottawatamie country with the expectation of be ing helped after they get there;

for the Saints there are poor, having been several

THE DOWNFALL OF A PROUD FORK.

times, in years past, robbed of all their property.

Let the Saints go with an expectation of helping themslves, without throwing a heavier burden upon the American brethren.

After arriving at the Bluffs, diligence and patience will, within a few years, enable you to perform the balance of the journey."{Millennial Star, Volume xi. page 278.) Three of the Apostles (Orson Hyde, Geo. A. Smith and Ezra T. Benson) had been stationed at Council Bluffs by the First Presidency of the Church, to receive the emigrants from abroad, and to promote their speedy removal to the Valley, as well as the removal of those Saints who had concentrated there after their exodus from Nauvoo, and had^not already taken their departure. Thus, many hundreds who left England with scarcely enough money to get to that point, found upon their arrival many facilities for obtaining outfits for the balance of the journey.

Upwards of five hundred wagons loaded with Saints crossed the plains to the Valley in 1849, under the leadership of Geo. A. Smith, Ezra T.

Benson, Orson Spencer, Dan Jones, Captain Richards, and others.

This included, of course, a number of the exiles from Nauvoo.

In the latter part of 1849, the three next companies of emigrating Saints sailed from Liverpool in the ships James Pennell,

Berlin and Zetland;

in 1850, six companies sailed in the Argo, Josiah Bradley, Hartley, North Atlantic, James Pennell and Joseph Badger, and in 1851, four companies in the Ellen, Geo.

W. Bourne, Ellen Maria and Olympus.

All these ships, with the exception of the last named, were chartered by Orson Pratt, whose agency extended to February, 1851.

He sent out altogether twenty-one vessels, carrying five thousand three hundred and sixty-nine souls.

Andrew Jeuson.

THE DOWNFALL OF A PROUD FORK.

A knife, a fork, and a spoon were thrown together upon the kitchen table by a careless servant. The Fork eyed his companions with disdain, and began talking in a very patronizing manner.

"How dreadful dull you must find life, now that you are so out of the swim he said to the Spoon.

"Why, in what way do you mean that

I am out of the swim?"queried the Spoon, in a quiet voice.

"Oh, you are comparatively little used nowadays,"answered the Fork, loftily.

"Time was when the knife, the fork, and spoon were quite important in their way, but now the fork is the only really necessary table implement,""How perfectly absurd such a statement is!"cried the Knife, indignantly.

"But it is quite like your egotism.

Who ever heard you mentioned save as second to me?

'A knife and a fork'people say, never 'a fork and a knife.'That shows where your place is in the estimation of the public.""Oh, that is merely a habit of speech into which people have fallen,"returned the Fork.

"It does not alter facts.

You very well know that you often lie unnoticed and unused through an entire dinner, or until the cheese comes on.

Indeed, yesterday you were left in the drawer, while I did the honors of a luncheon that our mistress gave to a friend.""You forget,"gently interposed the Spoon;

"I was there, and I saw the lady look about as if seeking something.

I am quite sure she missed you"—addressing the Knife with a sympathetic air, which showed her good breeding.

"I once heard a lady remark that one felt very uncomfortable at table without a knife, whether one needed it or not.""I would rather my absence than my presence were regretted,"cried the Knife, fairly glistening with rage, and casting a cutting glance at the Fork.

"Oh, well, when you are wanted, it is only to prepare things for me.

You are a sort of under-servant to make things easy for me,"said the Fork, aggravatmgly, and adding, "I am the only one who can be called a real table aristocrat.""I am sure your family is much newer than mine,"retorted the Knife.

"lean trace my pedigree back as far as history goes.

That is more than you can do."

i6 THE SPIRIT OF TESTIMONY.

"Yes; But if you go back very far, you find that your ancestors were mere butchers.

I should not want such a pedigree myself.

I should much prefer to be recent and refined, like the Fork family.""And I do not know why you should try to hold your head above the spoon,"continued the Knife, now in turn defend ing his sympathetic companion.

"Who ever heard of a souvenir fork? and the whole world is mad about souvenir spoons."This threw the Fork into terrible wrath, and he began to make a great noise and fuss, when the mistress entered the kitchen.

"What is all this rattling of the silver that I hear, Bridget?"she asked, and immediately she cried out: "Oh, here you have thrown a fork down with a knife and spoon.

I have told you over and over again not to do that.

Just see how the knife and spoon are scratched by the fork! This pearl handled knife wasoneof a set given me as a wedding present and this spoon is an heirloom.

I value them both highly.

By-the-way, I see that the plate is wearing offthis fork, Bridget. You may put it aside amongst the cooking utensils."So the proud Fork was thereafter kept in a kitchen-drawer, and put to menial uses.

It never again appeared among the silver and cut glass.—Ella Wheeler

Wil~ cox, in Harpers.

THE SPIRIT OF TESTIMONY.

"I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the Power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth."Paul.

Religion is that something which marks the difference between the human race and the highest forms of animal creation;

it recognizes a Supreme being;

it leads to worship, and in this way it gives color to human action, and awakens a sense of responsibility with its consequent rewards and penalties.

Its character and claims as to man and Deity were voiced by the Prophet when he asked, "what is required ot thee, oh man, but to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly before God? "This may be called either revealed or natural religion, for it is almost universally apprehended, and is everywhere binding, according to capacity and light, yet it is but a preparatory religion, limited as to conception, spirituality and power.

Man is a being of body and spirit; he is a creature of time and eternity; he possesses interest in the past, the present and future; this life is not only a routine of duty, but of privilege; of action, but of anticipation;

it deals with the transient and temporal, but it reaches out towards the permanent and the spiritual. Israel, the chosen people of God, lived under the law, but the law which "was added""never made anything perfect;"it was a system of types and shadows, of sacrifice and ceremonial, "a schoolmaster to bring Israel to Christ."When He came in the fullness of time, he "fulfilled the law and made it honorable;"yet he declared in favor of something more than that order of things which consisted in the commandment, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and thy neighbor as thyself;"this was the sum of "the law and the prophets,"but to the young man the Savior said, notwithstanding "he had kept all these things from his youth up,""One thing thou lackest, go and sell all that thou hast, give to the poor and follow me."

Jesus testified of himself he proclaimed "the Kingdom of God;"he declared that He was "the way, the truth and the life;"that "no man could come to the Father (under the new dispensation) save by him,"—that is, by the same method he exhibited, established and bequeathed to his disciples and the world.

He was "a teacher sent from God;"he said, "My words, they are spirit and they are life;"it was his mission to move upon

THE SPIRIT OF TESTIMONY.

I?

the spiritual man, to quicken the spiritual perception,—hence the assertion, "God is a Spirit, and they that worship him must do so in spirit and in truth,"and "the Father seeketh such to worship him."

As an eternal order, for this educational purpose, he introduced the Gospel, witli its ordinances, institutions, Priesthood and organization;

there was nothing haphazard about this, nothing superfluous, nothing of expediency or of human wisdom;

it was divine in its origin, a perfect system adapted to imperfect man;

its initiatory principles were just as important, essential and eternal as those more advanced;

it was not a call to skeptics when he said "Ye believe in God, believe also in me;

if not for my own,.at least for the very work's sake."

Everywhere and always, from the Sermon on the Mount to the charge given his Apostles at his ascension, there were the evidences of his authority;

all his miracles and works bore testimony to his power, and his death and resurrection proclaimed his Divinity and Godhead.

Faith (in the thought of the Savior) was the first principle needed in the Divine school; and a recognition of the character of Deity and His claim upon human obedience was the groundwork of religious movement;

and the first step in religious life.

Faith is the leading princi pie of action, it is the stimulus to effort, the key of power; by it men overcome, through it they command success.

It prompts to labor, gives courage, patience, endurance in the presence of obstacles, and wrests even from the jaws of death, the loftiest tributes to its power.

"Without faith it is impossible to please God,"yet it is His gift, and it is no evidence of anything save human frailty, to cry: "Oh Lord increase our faith The natural results of faith in God. his character, and man's relation to him, suggests, nay compels repentance, save where the soul is seared against conviction repentance is one of the noblest characteristics of awakened manhood;

it may mean an acknowledgement of ignorance, weakness or intention;

it may vary in intensity, as its subject may apprehend the right, until increasing tenderness of heart will count no offence trivial, but will reach out to "avoid even the very appearance of evil."

True enlightened repentance is the parent of resolve if coupled with faith; restitution as to men is one of its indispensable attributes, and without this its genuine character is the subject of doubt.

Repentance toward God means apprehension of violated law, and consequent sorrow for sin;

it refers to moral delinquency and spiritual disloyalty it covers sins of omission as of commission;

it detects sin in the thought, in motive, intent, desire, as much as in outward things and acts;

it says, "Cleanse Thou me from secret sins;"it asks of the one offended, "Search me, Oh, Lord, and try me;

it there is evil and bitterness in me, root that out, and lead me in the way everlasting;"it makes its appeal as to one "who searcheth the heart and tryeth the reins of the children of men;"it is indeed that "godly sorrow"which worketh "a repentance that needeth not to be repented of;"it insists upon "ceasing to do evil and learning to do well."

This repentance is a personal matter, without reference to original sin, or the sin of Adam, which was removed by the death on the cross; hence studying "the Gospel of God"and Jesus Christ, there is realized the blessing of ordinance, and faith is made to comprehend its Divine character, its efficacy and power.

Such an ordinance is the simple one of "Baptism (by immersion) in water, for the remission of sins,"as was advised by Peter on the day of Pentecost, and subsequently complied with by all the early converts to original Christianity.

It is demonstrated in the Scriptures that baptism was ordained of God; that it was for the remission of sins; that it was by immersion; that it was for adult believers;

that it was part of the example set by Jesus, in that He also "made and baptized more disciples than John;"that all the early Christians were baptized, and in such a way that it typified the death and resurrection of the Savior, and thus made it a potent, permanent, striking, and suggestive ordinance of the one primitive Christian Church.

Baptism was

THE SPIRIT OF TESTIMONY.

really a profession of faith in Jesus Christ, and an acknowledgement of his leadership;

it was a covenant by which man entered into spiritual relationship, and was the door of membership into the Church.

To provide a substitute for the personal ministry of the Savior, there were teachers appointed, men holding authority or Priesthood, to administer in this and other ordinances; so that validity was beyond controversy, there was legitimate claim upon the blessing, and to "make assurance doubly sure,"came the establishment of an order called "the laying on of hands In this ordinance the convert was confirmed a member of the

Church; he became the recipient of the power of the Holy Ghost, the spirit of life and light;

this was an enlarged proportion of "that light which is given to every man that cometh into the world;"it was special, inspirational and revelatory;

it was the giver of testimony, the secret of endurance and strength;

the key to communion with the Infinite;

tongues, healing, wisdom were among its gifts;

it was the life of God in the soul;

progress and development were only secured by its presence;

its monitions were the touchstone by which men, doctrine and things were tested;

those who received, nourished it, were not left to themselves, nor were they to be tossed about by every wind of doctrine or led astray by those "laying in wait to deceive."It brought assurance, stability, knowledge, and was decidedly "the promised

Comforter"which the master solemnly said he would send his disciples, when he should be called away.

The bearers of the Priesthood of God were made "able ministers of the Spirit"and the word;

they were Apostles, Prophets, Pastors, Teachers, "set of God in the Church,"a church fully equipped with every element for its consolidation as a body, and for every member thereof, from the childhood of the convert or neophyte, until by the processes of edu cation already indicated, they became "men in Christ Jesus,""thoroughly fitted unto every good word and work."

That all did not equally progress; that some made light of their discipleship;

and that others denied the faith, is no evidence against the power of the Gospel, the authority of the Priesthood, or of inadequacy in the character of any ordinance; nor does it involve any query as to the machinery designed of infinite wisdom for the salvation of man;

that recognition of human agency implied in the necessity of proclamation, "whether men will hear or whether they will forbear"can be construed as testimony to success, when continuance in well doing and discipleship, marks the recipient of the everlasting Gospel of light and truth.

This order of things is essentially Biblical-, these principles can be demonstrated from the New Testament;

but as the Savior himself was rejected, so were his servants, his apostles, and his disciples;

the people of that age "counted themselves unworthy of eternal life;"they repudiated the authority of Jesus;

they slew his messengers; they hunted, persecuted and, put to death their followers;

and that authority, system, order, truth, which would have saved the world, was caught up again to the heavens, since which time mankind have languished for

Prophets and inspired men;

until sectarianism, creed, changing like the chameleon, have made religion largely a byword, and the inconsistencies of its teachers subjects of derision.

We might appeal to the religious world, as to the skeptic:

is not the prophecy fulfilled that "Every man is gone astray,"they "each follow their own way,"and "the vision of all is become as a book that is sealed?"Now this order of human salvation, so long lost, so ardently looked for by many is again with men;

communion with the heavens has been renewed; the Gospel as potent, as precious, as when it radiated in olden time from Palestine athwart the world, is once more restored that Priesthood once driven from the earth, returns again; that

Church, once established for the preservation, education, and united action of its living members, is to-day an established fact!

Joseph Smith was the medium,

THE SPIRIT OF TESTIMONY.

the Prophet, the sent of God in this day of distraction and doubt; he was a servant of God, an Apostle of Jesus Christ the Gospel in all its original fulness, power, and efficacy was committed unto him; the Priesthood which gives validity, efficacy, and force was bestowed upon him;

he enjoyed the administration of the Father and the Son; he was instructed of the leaders of dispensations closed and past; he was privileged with the ministrations of angels to him was given inspiration and revelation, as needed for the ushering in of "the dispensation of the fullness of times,"preparatory to "the predicted second coming of the Son of

Man."He was, under God, a fountain of light; the Holy Ghost dwelt in him richly, so that he gave the truth as to man's origin and pre-existence;

he unfolded the purpose of his mission on the earth; he elucidated the nature, foundation, and eternal character of the marriage covenant in the order of God;

he began the gathering of Israel from the four corners of the earth; he blessed and had dedicated the land of Palestine for the return of the Jews; he pointed out the history and destiny of the American

Indians in his translation of the Book of

Mormon; he organized anew the Church;

he ordained Elders and Apostles he gave the mind and will of God; and had this nation—the world—been willing, he would have delivered them from many evils, and "made them partakers of the grace of God."The world rejected him as it did his master, Jesus; they persecuted him, robbed him, thrust him into prison; he was hunted as a partridge is hunted upon the mountains; and finally, when a prisoner under the protection of the Governor of the State, to which he;gave prestige and glory, he was assassinated in cold blood, to the damning exclamation, "If law cannot reach him, powder and ball shall."He died a martyr for the truth, yet his work was finished; anticipating the possibility of his departure, he had ordained his successors;

he had committed unto chosen men the keys of power, and God has ackowledged his work and theirs;

under their administration, "the word of the Lord mightily grew"among the nations, "and prevailed "Brigham Young and his associates led a robbed and plundered people from their beloved city and its surroundings into the wilderness, which route was marked by unrecorded suffering and unnumbered graves.

Utah has been made glorious by the labor of her leaders and her people, under the blessing of God their history will yet be written in letters of gold;

their patience and industry—their missionary zeal and love for humanity—their trust in

God and fidelity to his commandments their religion-their inspiration-their sufferings, imprisonments, martyrdoms, death, will be the theme of poetry and song, of oratory and history; the world will do its worthies justice, and recompense for a thousand indignities will be tendered to their descendants as part of a debt which can never be fully paid.

Their testimony is true, their record is before the world, their acts are registered in the Heavens, they have endeavored to honor its Prophets, they have toiled as his Apostles and successors, and they know that "Mormonism"and truth are synonymous terms, and that God will establish Zion, to be "cast down no more for ever The religion of the ancient saints of the Bible and of God is their religion;

they ask for-want no other, for it embraces "all truth;"it is a Divine Science, and the only science of life; those who have accepted it may not yet be in possession of all its wealth, but a living church made up of "living stones, "possesses the power of appropriation and assimilation, as experience, circumstances and the demands of religious advancement may suggest.

All the spiritual forces of the heavens and the earth are at work unitedly to-day for the ushering in of the latter-day glory, the building of Zion, the bringing together of the human and the divine, and the ultimate establishment of the Kingdom of God and his Christ, who shall reign for ever and for ever.

Henry W.

Naisbitt.

Who knows nothing base, fears nothing known.

TWO

ETCHINGS.

A SOLDIER OF '76, Slowly o'er the hills the moon arose flooding the valley with its light.

From "the door of the little hewn-log cabin a woman looked upon the scene, and her heart was stirred with the memories it awakened.

How often, along the river, had she and he, whom she now mourned as dead, walked hand in hand, in the days of their wooing.

How sad and changed all was now!

The memories crowded upon her, as she stood looking out into the night.

Here,in this spot, she bade him the long farewell, when he left her to save his country.

How she had prayed for his safe return.

When the news came that John Van Dale, of the Continental Army, was among the miss"ing at the battle of Guilford Court House, her grief knew no bounds.

Her life was centered around his and to out his thread of life was to destroy her future.

He had never seen the little mite of humanity sleeping so calmly in the cradle, in the dimly lighted little room.

A short time since she had sent him a lock of its hair.

She wondered to-night if he had received it.

Maybe he died with it near his heart.

But the thought that troubled her the most was the one that she would never know his resting place.

Never look upon the mound of earth that covered the one of all this world she loved the best.

Perhaps he lay in some neglected spot upon the field of battle, which had been torn with shot and shell and drenched with the blood of men.

"O Father in heaven,"she murmured, "give me strength to bear my burden."The baby stirred; she gave a parting hurried glance at the night and went into the house, closing the door behind her.

They came out of the strip of woods into the clearing where the cabin stood.

Two men in tatteredContinental uniform, bearing a third upon a rough litter.

The woman stood in the doorway shading her eyes with her hands, as she gazed at the little procession approaching the cabin. She wondered who they could be.

Some soldier,perhaps,had been wounded in a skirmish near by.and they were bringing him to be cared for.

They set the litter down in the shade of the cabin.

"Water,"said the sick man faintly between dry fever-parched lips.

She swiftly brought him a drink.

He took the glass without looking at her.and eagerly drank its contents. As he handed back the glass he looked into her face.

"Little wife,"he cried, eagerly stretching forth his hands.

She gazed motionless at the emaciated form and face so drawn with pain.

"Don't you know me? "She knew the voice, and, dropping to his side, buried her tear-stained face in his ragged coat, and sobbed for joy.

The baby awoke and cried lustly. One of the soldiers went into the house and brought it out.

The sick man heard its cry and looked inquiringly around.

The woman turned and saw the baby. Taking it from the soldier's arms she held it towards the litter.

"Our baby, John,"she said.

He took the child, and, with a face transfigured with joy, said 'O, God, I thank thee for this hour."UNDER COVER OF THE NIGHT.

A son of the forest stood beside the blackened remains of his wicki-up.

Below him the river glided slowly by, its mirrored waters reflecting the stately pines that grew along its grassy edge.

He stood straight as the pines, and as speechless; with no more emotion visible upon his face than showed upon the bosom of the placid river;

yet in his heart the savage nature was aroused to its greatest strength, its most cunning hatred.

The trail the troops had left was broad and plain.

Lifting his blanket to his shoulders he followed it.

Near a small camp-fire in the forest two men lay sleeping.

A little apart from the fire, sitting upon a log, his gun upon his knees, and his head leaning against a tree, sat the guardian of the camp—also sleeping.

Never before, O'scout, hast thou slept at thy post How

DBA TH OF POL YGAMY IN UTAH.

fatal to thee, and to those who sleep, trusting to thee?

Not a twig snapped as the savage crept, serpent-like, toward the men.

Nothing but a straightening of the limbs in the peaceful sleeper, as one by one the bowie pierced their hearts, and their eternal sleep began.

Three little forms lay under the wagon.

The stars shone brightly overhead, ever watchful and ever silent.

A tufted head was lifted above the grass close to the wagon, and a sinewy arm, with something glitteringly bright grasped in the hand, was stretched above the nearest sleeper.

The bowie found lodgment in the little breasts, and the stars held their vigil now over the dead.

Daylight showed six fresh scalps hanging to the savage's belt.

Six souls had journeyed to the spirit land, in company with his squaw and papoose.

Before him still lay the broad trail of the troops, and in his heart still smouldered the thirsting for revenge.

Ken Denys.

DEATH OF POLYGAMY IN UTAH.* Years after Joseph Smith founded the

Mormon Church, he declared that the Almighty had revealed to him that polygamy was right, and he adopted it as a doctrine.

He and some of his followers commenced the practice.

But in obedience to public opinion, based on the moral sense of the American people, and according to their own reason and conscience, I presume, our national lawmakers in 1862 enacted a law defining plural marriage as a crime, and fixing the punishment.

In 18S2 they made another law, more stringent and comprehensive, defining and punishing unlawful cohabitation also as a crime.

And in still another law was passed, designed to be yet more stringent and effectual.

The courts of the Territory of Utah began the enforcement of the two acts first mentioned, in September, 1884, and of the last law as soon as it took effect.

After more than thirteen hundred men had been sent to prison for their violation, Wilford Woodruff, the President of the Mormon Church, made and published an official declaration, termed the "manifesto,"in which is found the following language:

[Here follow quotations from manifesto and speeches.] I have made these quotations to show that the President of the Church advised its members to obey the law prohibiting polygamy and unlawful cohabitation * From an article by Chief Justice Charles S. Zane in The Forum.

that the advice was given after prayer before the Lord, as he and his first Counselor said, and that they also said the manifesto was written and the advice given when the Spirit of the Lord was upon its author; that the Church declared he was the only person having the authority to give the advice, and that it was binding upon all its members; that after prayer it was approved by the first counselor and other high officers before it was submitted to the Conference; and that he declared he knew it was right.

All this must be taken as equivalent to the declaration that the manifesto was the expression of the Almighty by means of the Spirit, and that it should be regarded by Mormons as the will of God so manifested to Woodruff, and declared by him to all the members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

In effect, the manifesto is declared to be a revelation by means of supernatural power.

It and the expressions of the President and his First Counselor, and the resolution and the circumstances attending them, are more significant and solemn to the mind of the Mormon than to some of us who have but little or no faith in the interposition of Infinite Wisdom and Power in supernatural ways, or to a great many others who do believe in supernatural manifestations of Power and

Wisdom, but do not believe that the Lord communicates His will, especially to the Mormon.

The Latter-day Saints, like the mem-

DEA TH OF POL YGAMY IN UTAH.

bers of other churches, are usually sincere.

During a period of six years before the action of the Church above shown, it became my duty to sentence several hundred Mormons who had been convicted from time to time of polygamy or unlawful cohabitation.

In the beginning it appeared probable that a large number of men, law-abiding aside from their polygamous practices, would be imprisoned under the law.

Believing that the object of the law was the protection of society from the evil effect of the crimes defined in it, I determined to take into consideration, before sentence, any promise that I might believe made in good faith by the defendant to obey the law.

I came to this determination in the hope that the example of the man making the promise before the public, and his subsequent obedience, would be as effectual for the purpose aimed at by the law as severe punishment.

To that end, I always asked the person to be sentenced to make the promise.

During the two or three first years, I suspended sentence on such as made the promise, and liberated them.

But, if the promise was not made, the defendant in unlawful cohabitation cases was sentenced to confinement in the penitentiary for six months, and to pay a fine of three hundred dollars—the maximum punishment in that class of cases.

Greater punishment was imposed in polygamy cases.

A few at first agreed to obey the law, and were liberated;

but afterwards nearly all refused, saying generally that the doctrines of the Church sanctioned the practice, and that they considered those doctrines binding.

After sentence, the prisoners would pass out of the court-room, in the custody of the officers, to the penitentiary, followed sometimes by a distressed wife and children.

Some wore the air of martyrs, while others appeared very meek.

The immediate effects of the law often appeared sad; to justify it, it was necessary to look away, and ahead to a social system with a family consisting of one husband and one wife and their children, and the affections that arise from such relations.

But the next morning after the manifesto was issued, it became my duty to sentence several men who had been convicted of violating this same law.

They were asked, as usual, if they would obey it, and they all answered unhesitatingly that they would.

Among these men was a bishop who had been sentenced before for violation of the same law, and who had refused then to make any promise.

I asked him if he had changed his mind, as to whether polygamy was right, and he said that he had.

I then asked him when and by what the change was induced.

He answered, that he changed his mind when the Church changed itsdoctrine, and that he had changed because he believed that it would not be right, after the manifesto, to enter intopolygamy, or to practice unlawful cohabitation.

Since then I have examined many more—probably more than a hundred—who came before me for sentence, or who were applicants for admission tocitizenship, and they have universally said that they would obey the law, and when asked, would say that they would regard it as wrong violate the doctrines of their Church.

Some have said that they regarded polygamy as legally wrong after the courts had declared the law against it constitutional and valid, but that they did not believe it religiously or morally wrong until the appearance of the manifesto.

By that action I am convinced that the Mormon Church abandoned polygamy, and that it will never adopt it again in the United States

There was in this Territory a political organization, composed of Mormons and those who sympathized with them,known as the "People's"party.

It, of course, always nominated and voted for men of its own party.

It was also termed the "Church"party.

To oppose this was an organization made up of non-Mormons,, and it was known as the "Liberal"party.

It was opposed to the Church and the party representing it. The Mormons were asked: "Why not disband your party and join the Republican or the Democratic party, and divide upon national party lines, if you do not insist on Church rule? "The territorial committee of that party and the various county committees

DEA TH OF POL YGAMY IN b TAH.

were called together and they adopted resolutions declaring the party disbanded;

and its members were advised to divide on party lines according to their convictions.

The leaders in the organization of the Democratic party of the Territory were mostly non-Mormons, and an organization was soon effected;

but the organization of the Republican party of the Territory was strenuously opposed by men of the Liberal party who believed in Republican principles.

This was particularly so in Salt Lake City.

When the election was held in August last, the Republican organization was very imperfect;

and the result was, that the Democrats polled about fourteen thousand votes, the Republicans nearly seven thousand, and the Liberals a few hundred more than the Republicans.

This light vote for the Republican candidates as compared with the large one for the Democratic candidates was pointed to by the Liberals as an evidence of bad faith on the part of the Mormons.

I confess that I was surprised at the result, and was inclined to regard it as an evidence of insincerity, and of a disposition on the part of the Mormons, to vote together under the name of "Democrats."But after hearing from the entire Territory, I reached the conclusion that a desire to defeat the Liberals and to prevent possible disfranchisement was the true explanation.

Quite a number of non-Mormons who had favored the organization of the Republican party, and would have voted for its candidates, became fearful that the Democrats would carry the cities of Salt Lake and Ogden, and, to defeat that party, voted the Liberal ticket; and a very large number who had been members of the People's party were told by

Democrats not to throw their votes away, that the Republicans would be beaten, and by their help the Democrats could succeed.

And certain Liberal stump orators were reported to have said that they favored disfranchising the Mormons.

This fact, however, appeared, that the non-Mormons on the Republican and democratic tickets received as many votes as the Mormons on the same tickets; the Mormons did not scratch the

Gentiles and vote the Mormons.

In the Territory, outside of Salt Lake City, the

Republican candidates received upwards of three thousand more votes than the Liberal candidates.

Since the August election, a Republican territorial convention has been held, and delegates from nearly all the counties were inattenance. The party is being more thoroughly organized, and

I am quite confident that the Republican vote will be largely increased at the next general election.

Some oppose organization on party lines as in the other Territories and in the States, because they fear that statehood would soon follow.

So far as I have been informed by the leaders of the movement, the purpose is not to hasten the admission of the Territory into the Union.

The advocates of this division believe that it is for the common good to divide the people according totheir convictions upon national issues, in the hope that the distrust and hate, the criminations and recriminations ofthe past and present, may cease or be greatly lessened, and that different sections of the people may more effectually co-operate for the good of all.

By such a division the people will have an opportunity toshow their attachment to sound principles.

But there is no haste for statehood.

When Congress shall determine that the Territory should be admitted, it.

will pass an enabling act imposing restrictions and conditions as it shall believe to be right.

And in the meantime, by a course of political discussion and division here, where heretofore there has been no political antagonism, except upon a local issue which has now been removed, the voters of the Territory may be fitted to do their part well when admission does take place.

There are probably a hundred and fifty thousand Mormons in this Territory, but:

of that number many are only nominally so.

Amid the contentions between them and the Gentiles, many have sided with the Church in which are their parents, relatives, and friends, without embracing its faith.

It is idle now to think of disfranchising the Latter-day Saints.

They are an industrious, temperate people as a.

DEATH OF POLYGAMY IN

I TAH.

rule; and my observation has led me to believe that they are law-abiding since the Church took its stand under the law against plural marriage.

I am aware that now and then individuals will report violations of that law since the manifesto;

but upon investigation such charges are seldom sustained.

It would be strange if there were no breaches of it; there are some such cases among non-Mormons.

I •do not believe that such marriages have been authorized or sanctioned by the officers of the Mormon Church since the manifesto.

With the exception of a comparatively few polygamists, the male Mormons, of proper age, who are citizens of the United States, have the right to vote, and do so.

They will not vote for Liberal candidates.

They must divide> as the members of other churches generally do, or all vote the Democratic or Republican ticket.

They ought to divide on national party lines, and, if they choose to do so, no man or set of men is authorized to say they shall not.

Who shall say that any number of American citizens having the right to vote shall not organize a Republican party in Utah, nominate a ticket, vote for and elect it, if they can by fair means?

The rights of such men are as sacred as the rights of those who would deny them.

Gentiles have said to the Mormons, "When your Church abandons polygamy, and you take a stand in favor of obedience to the law, and disband your party, we will welcome you in with us politically."But when the Church declared against polygamy and in favor of obeying the law,and the "Church Party,"as it was termed, disbanded, and its members proposed to unite with the national party lines, the Mormons were charged with hypocrisy in so doing, and were told that they could not be believed, and that their object was political ascendancy for the Church through statehood.

They were asked to do what was patriotic and right;

and when they did as. asked—without a opportunity to show by their conduct that they were in earnest, and without any evidence since then that they were not—they were charged with sinister designs upon the rights of those not of their religion; in fact, with a purpose to gain political power that they might deprive the Gentiles of their political and civil rights, and heap wrongs and indignities upon them. In view of the multitude of counsel, of the disapproval and denunciations that the Latter-day Saints were receiving, the venerable man at their head remarked to his brethren, that he often thought of what

Lorenzo Dow once said of the doctrine of election.

Said he, "It is like this:

you can and you can't, you will and you won't, you shall and you shan't, you'll be damned if you do and >ou'll be damned if you don't.""That,"he continued, "is about the condition we as Latter-day Saints are in."The Mormons, in organizing their Church as it was founded, embraced beliefs that were opposed to the convictions of their fellow-men.

Joseph Smith and his brother were killed by a mob, and other unlawful acts, attended with numerous indignities, were perpetrated upon the Mormons. Under these circumstances they left the'ir homes behind them, passed beyond the bounds of civilized society, settled in these valleys and mountains, and sought to establish an independent State.

For a number of years they were isolated from the rest of mankind, excepting a few men and women of other beliefs.

Here they held almost absolute sway.

The Mormon is with us.

The same nature is common to us all.

The Power higher than ourselves has so ordered.

So far as he and we obey the law, we are all equal before it.

The forces of nature are changing the most durable objects in the finite world.

Our natures and our beliefs are changed by the influences around us.

So of that organization of which we are units—society.

A better feeling is growing; prejudice and hate are loosing their grip; slowly it must be conceded.

But I have no doubt that confidence, good-will, and harmony will be restored sooner or later, and that ere long these valleys and mountains will be the home of a patriotic, harmonious, progressive and great people.

Judge Charles S. Zane, in "The Forum."

CHINESE

SCIENCE.

While the range of scientific subjects, of which the Chinese have any knowledge, is small compared with that of more western nations, the antiquity of the knowledge which they do possess is much greater.

In these, as in all other branches of mental activity, they have continually striven after the antique, rather than the progressive.

Their inventive faculties have lain dormant for centuries;

their whole energy being expended in perpetuating the sayings of their ancient sages, notably those of Confucius.

In their competitive examinations, founded by the state on the principle that "the wise and the able shall rule,"literary style is the most prominent test of merit; knowledge, as interpreted by western peoples, scarcely entering into the question.

Of the sciences, alchemy probably claims the first place in antiquity.

It is not improbable that the claims of the Chinese that ''China is the cradle of the sciences,"is true of this particular subject; some writers claiming that it is as old as the Chinese nation itself.

Its origin has been traced as far back as 600

B. C, in the religion of Tao.

This religion maintains that the soul and body are identical in substance, but the soul is more refined than the body.

Dissolution can be prevented by a proper course of physical discipline, dependent on diet and medicine.

Man's first desire being long life, this religious idea gave birth to inquiries as to what were the particular substances necessary to be taken into the body to accomplish the desired end, and thus gain, perpetual youth.

In their search after the "Elixir of Life,"the rivers, lakes and seas, the earth, forests, mountains, and valleys were explored, resulting in much new information concerning botany, mineralogy, and kindred sciences.

China has a long list of martyrs to the science of alchemy;

among them the emperors Mutsung and Wutsung of the Tang dynasty, both of whom lost their lives by drinking a pretended elixir of life.

Simple chemical experiments suggested the possibility of transforming the baser metals into gold, and henceforth the search after "the golden fleece"ran parallel with that of a liquor of immortality.

Each student of alchemy was pledged to secrecy, and each adept traced his lineage from Hwang-te, B. C.

In course of. time some of their formulas became known, and were published in book form for the use of students.

The following, taken from their text books, are of interest, as showing their peculiar superstitious character:

"Take of lead oz., mercury y2 ft>.

Mix thoroughly, one minute after the full of the moon, and the combination will result in a mass of the golden elixir."

Another:

"Plant the yang, and grow the yin.

Cultivate and cherish the precious seed.

When it springs up it shows a yellow bud.

The bud produces mercury, and the mercury crystalizes into granules like grains ofgolden millet. One grain to be taken at a dose, and the dose repeated for a hundred days, when the body will be transformed, and the bones converted into gold.

Body and spirit will then be endowed with miraculous properties, and their duration will have no end."* The Chinese have long had considerable skill in metallurgy, and the use of dyestuffs and pigments:

also a knowledge of gunpowder, alcohol, arsenic, calomel, corrosive sublimate, and other drugs.

These, with their knowledge of pyrotechny, and the asphyxiating and anaesthetic gaseous compounds, show that they must have had considerable skill in practical chemistry.

There were no female chemists, and their belief interdicted the presence of women, chickens and cats during a chemical process.

Regarding the physical processes of nature, everything is referred to the dual or sexual principle, yin and yang.

Yin is synonymous with light, yang with darkness.

Both are recognized as active agents in the production of physical changes;

all phenomena being due to their alternation, and the succession of the seasons.

This theory of yin and Martin.

CHINESE SCIENCE.

yang originated in the Yih-king, the oldest of their sacred books.

The study of mathematics attracted the

Chinese from very early times, but has never reached any great degree of perfection.

They have many writings on the subject, some dating back as far as the Han dynasty, and embracing general arithmetic, geometry, trigonometry and mensuration.

Their notation is based on the decimal principle, but as the figures do not change in value by position, it is difficult to follow out the steps of a problem.

The mathematical calculations of daily life are carried on by means of the Swan-pan, or counting board.

In astronomy, the scanty records show but little progress beyond the fact that they had a knowledge of the solstices, and equinoxes, the months and seasons, as early as 2357 B. C.

At that time the lunar year was reckoned as three hundred and fifty-four days.

It was subsequently rectified by Romish missionaries in the reign of Kanghi.

In 2637 B. C.

a cycle of sixty years was adopted.

Each year had a separate name, formed of two characters called "ten stems;"and joining to them, twelve other characters, the "twelve branches"five times repeated.

These two sets of characters were also applied to minutes and seconds, hours, days and months; the signs of the Zodiac, and the points of the compass.

The commencement of the lunar year is regulated by the sun, making the new year to fall on the first new moon after Aquarius, somewhere between January 21st, and February 19th.

The year is divided into months, and subdivided into terms of about fifteen days each.

The constellation of Peh-Tao, or the Dipper, plays an important part in popular astronomy.

When the handle points east at nightfall, it is spring;

when it points south it is summer; when west and north, it is respectively autumn and winter.

Chinese astronomical writings are valuable on account of the lists of solar and lunar eclipses, and of the visible comets that have appeared for many ages, that are obtainable from them.

An eclipse is considered as a visible sign of the anger of some of their gods, and a variety of ceremonies have been instituted by which to propitiate them.

These rites and incantations are continued until the eclipse has passed over, when there is great rejoicing.

Astrology, as shown by their literature, is very intimately related to their astronomy and alchemy, and probably grew out of them.

The sun, moon and stars, exert an influence for good or ill over the destinies of human beings.

Changes in their color indicate approaching calamities.

Should the sun be altered in appearance, misfortunes to the state are apprehended, or the death of the emperor, famine or revolts.

The figure of a raven in a circle is symbolical of the sun; that of a rabbit standing on its hind legs, pounding rice in a mortar, or of a threelegged toad, of the moon.

The last refers to the legend of an ancient beauty, Chang-ngo, who, having drank of the "elixir of life,"ascended to the moon, and was there changed to a toad, still visible in its face.

The stars are ranged in constellations, presided over by an emperor, whose residence is at the North Pole.

The Dipper is worshipped as the home of the

Fates, where all the affairs pertaining to human life are arranged and meted out.

The rainbow is the product of the impure vapors arising from the earth, and meeting those coming from the sun.

Time is measured by "time sticks."These are made of a mixture of clay and sawdust, moulded in a spiral form.

By slow combustion from one hour mark to another, time is marked.

Dials and the Mariner's compass are also in use.

Almanacs are in common use.

A household would fear to be without one, lest some misfortune befall them from undertaking some important enterprise on an unlucky day.

Of geography, the Chinese know but little, and that they have borrowed from other nations.

The common people still believe the earth to be a great plain, measuring about one thousand five hundred miles in each direction, and around which the sun, moon and stars revolve.

The distance of the sun from the earth is believed to be about four thousand

EXERCISES EOR INDUCING SLEEP.

miles, while the space between the heavens and the earth is reckoned about seventy-three thousand miles.

Geography, even of their own country, is not taught in Chinese schools.

Their original maps were drawn by Jesuits in 1708, and have served as models ever since.

As a result, many errors have crept in, until the maps have become very imperfect.

Their ideas of the inhabitants of the earth are just as erroneous.

In some countries, they believe the people are dwarfs, who tie themselves together in bunches to prevent being carried away by birds of prey.

In others, they are all women, who conceive by looking at their shadows.

In yet another, the people have holes in their breasts through which a pole can be passed, when they wish to be carried from place to place.

Their methods of mensuration and weighing are very imperfect.

The foot, about thirteen and one-eighth English inches, is the unit of measurement, but is by no means always of the same length; the extremes varying as much as six inches.

Weights and measures are twenty-four in number, and vary in value even more than the long measure.

Their monetary system is arranged on the principle of weight.

The divisions are named tael, mace, candareen and cash.

They are made of an alloy of copper, zinc, lead and tin.

From nine hundred to one thousand eight hundred of these coins are required to equal a silver dollar in value.

Neither silver nor gold is coined to any extent.

Paper money was issued in large amounts during the Mongol dynasty, and met with considerable favor.

Private banks are numerous, but chartered banking companies are unknown.

The theory of Military Science has received more attention than the practice.

They have many books containing directions for the drilling of troops, but they are seldom reduced to practice.

Their arms consists of bows and arrows, spears, matchlocks, swords and cannons of various sizes.

Shields made of rattan and painted with tigers heads are used to turn aside the thrust of spears.

The word "yung,"i.e., courage, on the backs of their uniforms, has been scoffed at, on account of the Chinese reputation for cowardice.

This has.however, been repudiated many times by the exhibition of cool pluck on their part when led by competent officers.

Music is used in the army, and was regarded by Confucius as a great aid in the government of the state.

The study of music is ancient, but extremely unscientific.

Their efforts have tended to develop instrumental rather than vocal music.

Their characters are peculiar, and their real tone cannot be represented on our staff.

Their have no chromatic scale, and none of their instruments have either sharp.or flat notes. Nearly all kinds of the smaller stringed instruments are in use, as are also many wind instruments, and about seventeen varieties of drums.

The practical workings of mechanics and their common uses are better understood than are the theories and principles.

In regard to medicine and the cure of diseases, they are as superstitious as any barbaric nation.

They have theories of physiology and anatomy that are taught, but they are exceedingly crude, and many strange practices are indulged in to assist the dose of the physician.

An effort has been made of late years to in troduce into Chinese institutions of learning, the sciences and arts of Western nations.

After centuries of stagnation, the nation is gradually awakening to a sense of its inferiority to others in these things, and its dependence upon them for both theoretical and practical science.

The change will, no doubt, be slow, because of the obstacles to be overcome, but will be no less sure, if the bright minds of her students once feel the exhilarating effects of tasting the sweets of investiga tion and progression.

Cactus.

EXERCISES FOR INDUCING SLEEP.

If the temperature of the room be as high as fifty five degrees to sixty degrees, most persons can leave the bed and lie upon the floor.

If the temperature be too low, these exercises may be taken in

THE DIVERSITY OF NATIONS.

bed, though the floor is best.

Lie upon the back and lift the right arm to the perpendicular, then moving it toward the left describe a circle with the hand ten times in succession.

Then drop the hand slowly down, and after taking several full breaths raise it again and make the same number of circles as before, but this time toward the right.

Now after another interval of deep breathing raise the left arm and go through the same exercise with it.

Leg motions are made also by raising the leg toward the perpendicular and dropping it slowly.

The same rules as to order of movement and of breathing are to be followed for the legs as for the arms, only that the arms make twice ten, the legs once ten apiece.

If this does not prove sufficient draw the feet up close to the body and raise the hips so as to make an incline from the knees to the shoulders, and do this ten times.

Any or all of these exercises may be repeated according to convenience, but good judgment should be employed in using them, especially by weak persons.

Exercises under the bed clothes may be used with good effect when it is too cold to throw them off.

Lying on one side, make motions as if walking with the upper leg, then turn over and repeat the action with the other.

Other and very gentle motions will sometimes be all that is required in some cases.

If a person is feeble the exercises may be administered by an attendant.

In my own case which has been a very obstinate one of insomnia, the method has proved of great benefit and bids fair to cure the habit wholly.

I have used the system over a year and it is very rare now, that there is occasion to use it.

It has never failed in a single instance, to bring sleep to me, when I have used the arm exercises but a short time, the leg motions being found sufficient and best, because more efficient in drawing the blood from the head.

Phren. Journal.

THE DIVERSITY OF NATIONS.

It is a favorite theme with atheists and infidels to carp on the improbabilities attached to a belief in the common origin of the various peoples now spread over the habitable globe.

These individuals attempt to throw discredit on the Biblical account of the creation and peopling of the earth, citing in support of their allegations, the discovery of science, the fruits of research, and the results of investigation unaccompanied by heavenly assistance.

Many such alleged truths seem to conflict with the plain statement of Scripture, but we must consider the two sources, and choose our belief according to their comparative trustworthiness.

We are told in the Bible and the Book of Mormon that all peoples belonging to this planet have sprung from a common parentage; Adam, our great progenitor, having been created temporally as well as spiritually by the power of God.

Many of the causes leading to the diversity now seen in the various nations are set forth in these sacred works and the question arises as to whether such diversity could, from our standpoint, have been produced by these conditions.

These circumstances may be divided into two classes: those instituted by God in special cases, and those which have come about in the course of nature.

As examples of the first, the cases of Cain, of Canaan, and of Laman may be taken.

"A fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth,"was the terrible sentence pronounced by God over the head of Cain, who had slain his brother.

'And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, lest anv finding him should kill him,"the record states.

When Ham, the son of Noah, offered his parent a gross insult, that aged patriarch cursed Canaan, the son of Ham, saying, "Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren."As a result of the many rebellions of Laman and his followers against Nephi, and their final attempt to take his life, the

Lord said, "I will cause that they shall be loathsome unto thy people (speaking

THE DIVERSITY OF NATIONS.

to Nephi) save they shall repent of their iniquities.

And cursed shall be the seed of him that mixeth with their seed;

for they shall be cursed even with the same cursing."And Nephi writes, "That they might not be enticing to my people, the

Lord God did cause a skin of blackness to come upon thern."In the instances named, God for a special purpose has desired certain peoples to be kept distinct; and in carrying out this design has invested those falling under His displeasure with certain characteristics, making them repulsive to their fellows.

How He has accomplished this we are not told.

God says, however, that He does not work upon arbitrary or unnatural principles, and it seems probable that there are many ways of accomplishing the above design without resorting to such means.

This brings us to the second class of circumstances tending to produce this diversity.

We must consider, however, that God is able to hasten, without changing, the operation of these laws, thus bringing about, in a short time, what would ordinarily occupy many years.

These natural circumstances may be briefly named.

A very important one is climate.

Climate, as regards temperature, is of three kinds—warm, cold, and temperate;

each of these having its peculiar influence on the human family.

In order to more fully comprehend the wonderful diversities produced by this cause alone, it is only necessary to direct attention to a few examples.

One would hardly suspect a relationship between the indolent, semi-barbarous inhabitants of India and the resolute, progressive American; yet such undoubtedly exists.

Having been inducted at an early period into the semi-tropical regions along the Indus and the Ganges, the people first named have sunk into the idle condition so characteristic of inhabitants of such regions.

Nature there has been lavish with gifts to her children.

Anticipating their every desire, and, like a fond mother, granting such, whether proper or not, she has "spoiled"her children, and has rendered them unfit to cope with the conditions existing in other and less inviting regions.

They have gradually sunk under this influence, like the votary at the shrine of Morpheus, before his master, opium; and, like him, have considered themselves most favored when, of a truth, they are retrograding most rapidly.

Under the influence of the tropical sun their skin has become darkened, and they have thus become possessed of another trait of the inhabitants of equatorial regions.

A more striking example of the deteriorating influence of a tropical climate may be seen in the case of the inhabitants of the Pacific Islands, notably the Kanakas, the Maories, the Samoans, etc.

Descended from that branch of the Caucasian race whom God has delighted to call His chosen people, these nations have allowed indolence, idolatry, and immorality to change their very nature.

Living in a climate where famine and rigorous elements are unknown, and toil is unnecessary; partaking freely of the gifts so lavishly supplied by nature basking in the sun of tropic climes,—these beings have deteriorated to such a striking degree that, in spite of the resemblance of their customs to those of the Israelites, they have not been classed by ethnologists with that people.

But we have learned from a surer source than mere human philosophy that a close relationship exists between these two branches of the human family.

Another important agency in producing these diversities, lies in the habits of a people.

Many of these habits are a direct result, as above shown, of the climate, but in not a few cases do they arise irrespective of the heat of the sun or the productiveness of the soil.

Many who scan this article no doubt remember the illustration given by the phrenologist in his lecture, wherein is shown the imagined appearance of the boy, with reference to the path of life he has elected to follow.

He is first represented as an innocent and comely youth, with no look but of happiness and untainted virtue.

Of the next stage in his life there are two representations;

the first shows him brighter, happier, of more intellectual cast, while the lower picture calls our

3Q CHARLO TTH CORDA attention to the earliest signs of dissipation upon his countenance.

And so the two series of pictures continue, the upper intensifying the look of innocence and of intelligence, while the lower shows the successive stages of debauchery and intellectual degredation.

At last both series are brought to a close, and we see both men ripened for the grave In the first we behold the broad, high, full forehead, the tranquil eye, the peaceful expression, indicating a life well spent and a reward well merited.

Below this, but representing the deoauchee of the same age, are the bleared eye, the low retreating forehead, the dishevelled hair, and the hopeless expression of the man who sees his life wasted and his doom sealed.

Fancy pictures these may seem, but are they entirely the fruit of fancy?

Have we not often seen them realized in actual life?

But no artist's hand was there to reproduce them, and they have faded from our minds, only to be recalled more vividly by the phrenologist's fancy sketch.

And if such a diversity can be produced in the brief course of a single generation, how much more striking will it be when many centuries of moral elevation on the one hand, and degradation on the other, have passed away It is not difficult to believe that from our father Adam, a man perfect in body, in mind, and in morals, have descended all the degraded as well as the more highly civilized peoples of the present, when we remember that retrogression in all these particulars is comparatively easy.

This is exemplified in all nature.

There are three processes in the development of plants, of animals, of men, of nations, balance, progression, deterioration.

The first of these, where the organism holds its own but does not advance, is difficult, and is rarely seen.

It is a most unnatural condition.

The second, where there is an advancement, is also difficult, but is not unnatural.

The third, where ground is lost and the organism decays, is easy.

Let men be separated from the rest of the world;

let the spirit of God be taken from them; let consequences of their own sins be visited upon them;—and it needs not a "miracle"to bring about a deterioration.

In this, as in all else, God works on natural principles.

His laws are given, their tendency is toward advancement;

but let them be disobeyed and retrogression follows, as disobedience to a physical law is followed by bodily failure.

Young people among the Latter-day Saints who are led to read this brief article, should consider well these things.

Because a man of atheistic tendencies presents his attractive theories and tells us that they are more worthy of dependence than the written word of God, let us not be led astray by the glitter of his arguments.

It is but tinsel show, after all, and there are two ways in which the falsity of his arguments may be made apparent.

One is through careful thought upon the subject in hand, and this will nearly always meet with its legitimate result.

But in the rare instances where human thought fails through the imperfect nature of our intellects, there is a process which never fails—the use of prayerful reflection on the revelations of God to us, wherein is contained all truth, and all wisdom regarding these matters.

We know and understand now only in part, but the surest way of approaching a perfect and entire knowledge on this and all other matters relative to God's dealings, is to go to Him and ask for that light which he alone can give, and then work out our reasoning to its legitimate conclusion.

WMard Done.

CHARLOTTE CORDAY.

On the sevententh of July, 1793, in Paris, France, on what is now known as the Place de la Concorde, one of the most magnificent squares in the world, the guillotine a young and beautiful woman.

Her name was Marie Anne Charlotte Corday.

The crime which she was called upon to thus expiate with her there perished under the cruel knife of yougg life was that of ridding the world

CHARLOTTE CORDAY.

of a man who for malevolence, vindictiveness, and ferocious cruelty we do not know where to turn in the pages of history to find his counterpart.

That man was Jean Paul Marat.

It was in the little village of St. Saturnin,

Normandy, that Charlotte Cord ay first saw the light.

She was the fourth in line of a family of five, two boys and three girls.

Her parents were of noble extraction but poor.

The small estate upon which the family lived was barely sufficient to provide even the common necessaries of life.

.The father, M. de Corday, in connection with his agricultural pursuit, indulged a taste for literature, but for some inexplicable cause the emanations of his pen attracted little or no attention and consequently were anything but remunerative to him.

As the years rolled by, poverty, instead of relaxing, only increased tits grim hold upon the Corday family.

Then death came and claimed the mother.

For some years subsequent to this event the family circle remained intact, but at length necessity compelled M.

de Corday to part with his daughters.

They were sent to a convent, an institution to which the noble families of France often resorted for the protection and education of their children when reduced to penury.

At the age of thirteen Charlotte Corday found herself within the walls of the convent Abbaye aux Dames, situated near

Caen, a town of considerable importance and the capitol of Lower Normandy.

The life of the young girl in this convent proved to be most happy and profitable.

She was enraptured with it from the very first.

Everything was so different to the harsh surroundings of that little and now broken home in St.

Saturnin.

Her instructors were kind and painstaking, her associates congenial, and she never before so fully realized the value of books, her friendship for which was more intimate than that existing between herself and girl companions. Thus, with personal charms of a high order, a mind becoming enriched with a good scholastic training, leading a life of purity and simplicity and with a disposition gentle and sensitive, Charlotte Corday passed from budding girlhood into the matured loveliness of womanhood.

As love comes to every good and true woman so love came to Charlotte Corday

The object of her effections was a young colonel in the French army whose regiment was quartered at Caen.

His name was M de Belzunce and a nephew of Madame de Belzunce the abbess of the

Aboaye aux Dames.

He was a young man of brilliant parts.

It was at the private apartments of the abbess, to which she was often invited, that Charlotte Corday first met young Belzunce.

The friendship which at once sprang up between the two soon gave way to the stronger and more enduring feeling of love.

Whatever plans these two may have formed, whatever hopes they may have nursed for the future, fate had decreed they were never to be realized.

Belzunce was struck down to death one night in the streets of Caen by assassins.

His death was a severe blow to Charlotte

Corday but she bore her grief with fortitude and resignation.

This deprivation of her first love, some writers aver, was that which first incited

Charlotte Corday to take the life of Marat, imagining she saw in him the indirect cause of the death of her lover.

But this averment we think insufficiently supported by facts.

Charlotte Corday was deeply imbued with republican ideas.

She imbibed them first from her father, who although one of the nobility, and still had a veneration for its customs, had always maintained that the future weal of France depended on the supremacy ot republican principles and had placed himself on record to that effect in his writings.

Her education in the convent had only enlarged and intensified her views.

M. de Belzunce was a republican and so was Marat.

They were all unitedly and assiduously working for the immolation of monarchical despotism. The patricidal struggle between the Girondins and Jacobins, the two divisions of the Republican party, was at this time a thing of the future. The Reign of Terror was to come. •Then why should Charlotte Corday single out Marat, any more than any other Republican leader as the

3 2 CHARL O TTE CORDA V.

one responsible for the murder of her lover and the one that was jeopardizing the liberties of France.

Lamartine the celebrated French historian, relative to this, says:

"If the Revolution had only raised in Charlotte Corday's heart horror and resentment for the murder of her lover, she would have confounded all parties of the Republic in the same hatred;

she ivould not have pursued to fanaticism and death a cause that would stain her memory with blood and cover her future with mourning."The time came when the convents throughout France were suppressed.

Monarchism was loosing its hold upon the nation and republicanism was correspondingly growing stronger.

It was with regret that Charlotte Corday bade adiew to the Abbaye aux Dames which had so kindly sheltered and tutored her during the brightest, sunniest years of her life.

She was now nineteen years of age.

Instead of returning to the parental roof at St. Saturnin, which now covered only the father and one daughter—one daughter having died and the two sons in exile on account of their sympathy for the King—she went to live with an aged aunt,

Madame de Bretteville, at Caen.

This aunt was a relic of the old aristocracy with an income which with the exercise of the most rigid economy managed to keep her and a single servant woman just beyond the reach of indigence.

While strictly adhering to all the forms of the old nobility, Madame de Bretteville did not attempt to root out but encouraged a growing sympathy for the revolutionary movement.

So when Charlotte Corday became a member of her household the young republican was permitted to fellowship with her own opinions, to follow her own inclinations in the selection of companions and books without any interference on the part of the aunt.

Charlotte Corday's admission to her aunt's house marked for it an agreeable change.

The tranquil air with which sober age had enveloped it for so many years was soon dispelled by the sprightly air of cheery youth.

Her duties in the house were light, and when discharged the time was hers to devote to her companions, her flowers and her books.

Her companions were not many—she preferred seclusion—loved to hold communion with her own thoughts—and her books were few but those few were well studied.

Her favorite authors were Rousseau, Raynal and Plutarch.

Certain popular works of fiction also received her attention.

Although this latter class of reading tended to fire her imagination, yet never for a moment did she lose faith in Deity or deviate from the path of virtue.

That which pleased her fancy much was Plutarch.

She never grew tired of reading and dreaming of the wonderful exploits and deeds of heroism with which this great writer of ancient days has credited his characters and which he has depicted with a master's pen.

His heroes became her heroes.

It seemed as if the very soul of Charlotte Corday went out in adoration to those noble characters of history, who, throwing aside all individual interest knew how to offer themselves up as sacrifices, no matter how bloody those sacrifices might be, for their homes, their friends, their country.

Such she believed to be heroes and heroines in the broadest acceptation of the terms, and whose memories would be ever fresh and green in the ages as they rolled by.

Finally a desire took possession of her to become like one of these, to lay down her life for some public good, for something that would benefit her country,something that would be of service to humanity at large.

This desire did not spring into being from the whisperings of an ambitious nature—it was not for self-glorification an illimitable love for the great family of mankind gave it birth.

As time passed this desire for selfsacrifice became stronger.

She made no attempt to tear it loose from its fastenings—she nourished it.

Eventually it became a passion, a mania.

She compelled everything to bend to this one idea.

It attracted and absorbed every other thought and desire.

She watched, she waited, she prayed.

Would an opportunity ever present itself?

At length she believed one had.

CHARLOTTE CORDAY.

The year 1793 beheld France painfully writhing in the throes of the Revolution.

The powerful political party that had succeeded in changing her from a longestablished monarchial to a republican form of government was composed of two factions.

The more conservative of the party were known as Girondins, while those of extreme views were denominated Jacobins.

After the death of that ill-fated monarch, Louis XVI, which was vehemently but ineffectually opposed by the Girondins, the gigantic struggle between the two factions for party predominance commenced.

The Jacobins gained the ascendency.

The power of the Royalists broken, they determined to crush the Girondins.

The heads of the Girondins fell thick and fast.

No Girondin of any repute was safe.

He was hunted down and dragged to the scaffold.

Anarchy, spoliation, and assassination was the order of the day under the Jacobin administration.

It was in very deed a reign of terror.

Never was the government of a nation placed in the hands of men who more thoroughly exhibited in their acts the instincts of the <savage.

When we read French history, especially that portion covering the revolutionary period, we feel to coincide with Rousseau who affirmed that man in his primitive and savage condition was to be preferred to French civilization.

One of the leading spirits among the Jacobins was Jean Paul Marat, and the most blood-thirsty of them all.

Marat in reality was not a Jacobin—he stood alone with ideas of republicanism peculiar to himself—but affiliated with the Jacobins as against the Girondins, whom he had learned to hate with an intensity akin to fiendishness.

And as a Republican he had nothing in common with the Royalists, as they knew too well from the prison massacres of September, 1792.

His colleagues in the convention had no love for him, but dreaded his power.

His power came through the people the multitude—who fairly idolized him.

As a representative of this class he conformed to their manners, dress, and mode of living.

Not only in the convention did he give expression to his views with a ready and offensive tongue, but through the columns of his paper, published at Paris, and which had a wide circulation, with an active and abusive pen.

It must be admitted that, though the possessor of a cruel nature, Marat was a man of marked ability.

When the Girondin deputies were ousted from the Convention on May 31st and June 2nd, 1793, Marat was one of the first to propose the erection of the scaffold in Paris for the Girondins and their supporters.

This accomplished, he then favored the idea of constructing scaffolds throughout the length and breadth of the Republic.

This "friend of the people"saw that his constituents loved to gaze upon the sight of blood and he determined to please them.

And what better way to establish his power and that of his associates than through the shedding of blood?—a method suited to his taste.

With an eagerness and a satisfaction which proclaimed that no feeling of love or sympathy for his fellow man existed in that breast of his, Marat prepared the lists of names of those who were thought fit subjects for the guillotine.

It is said that he went so far as to compute the number of heads that must fall before the services of the guillotine could be dispensed with.

Paris had already furnished so many and must swell the number to twenty eight thousand.

Marseilles was counted on to furnish three thousand; Lyons two thousand five hundred, and other parts of France must yield up at least three hundred thousand.

No wonder Marat was called monsterfiend—and his name mentioned with a shudder in Girondin and Royalist homes.

It is told that when Richard Cceur de

Lion of England was fighting the infidels in Asia, for the recovery of the Holy Land, that his prowess and remarkable feats of strength on the field; of battle, struck terror to the hearts of his enemies, and whenever his name was mentioned in Saracen households, it was with fear.

So with Jean Paul Marat.

But while the Saracens feared the name of Cceur de Lion, they admired him for his bravery and mag-

CHAh'/.O TTE ( VRDA Y.

nanitnity.

The Girondins and Royalists while they feared the name of Marat, they detested him for his cowardice and cruelties.

Charlotte Corday was an interested but sorrowful spectator of the fearful days of the early summer of 1793.

She saw to her sorrow and despair, her country fast going to destruction.

France was being dragged from her position among the refined and civilized nations of the world, and would soon be relegated to a place among the barbaric ones.

Who was the cause of all this suffering and crime Who was the tyrant?

Amid all these convulsions, these atrocities, these terrors, Charlotte Corday fancied she saw, overtowering all, like a foul bird of prey, the form of Marat.

He was responsible for all.

He was the tyrant.

If this man Marat—not a man but a monster—were removed, would it not give to her country, torn and bleeding, that repose it so much needed?

Had he not already too long a power in France?

At his fiendish instance had not many true republicans been sent to the block?

Should such a man, devoid of all those finer and divine sensibilities which distinguish man from the brute, any longer be allowed to pollute the earth with his presence?

Such were the questions that evolved themselves in the impassioned mind of Charlotte Corday.

In anguish her soul cried out to her to answer these questions, and with her own hand, deal out merited retribution for the slaughtered innocents.

Here was presented the opportunity for which she had so long watched, prayed and waited—an opportunity to strike a blow for some public good. The happiness, the prosperity, the liberty of a people were at stake. Would she have the strength, the resolution to strike the blow?

Could she make the sacrifice?

She felt she could.

The eleventh of July, 1793, found Charlotte Corday in Paris.

The following day she sought Marat's house and requested an interview.

It was refused.

Marat was too indisposed to receive any visitors.

Some years before when a fugitive, hiding in cellars and sewers, he had contracted a loathsome skin disease.

which now confined him to the house. The only thing which seemed to afford him any relief from his terrible suffering, was the bath.

In this he spent most of his time.

It must be said that even in his dire affliction, Marat was not idle.

He was an indefatigable, and no doubt a conscientious worker.

In the seclusion of the bath-room his pen continued without cessation its ill-omened mission, and lost neither its cunning nor malignity.

Charlotte Corday turned away from Marat's house somewhat disappointed at her failure in not seeing the object of her visit but none the less weakened in her determination to accomplish the task which had brought her to Paris.

Here was a mission that must ride down all obstacles.

Again and again she called that day but each time her request to see Marat was met with a prompt and decided refusal from the house-keeper, the woman

Catherine Evrard, and as some writers assert the mistress of Marat.

On the thirteenth she penned a note to Marat soliciting a private interview, stating that she had in her possession some important information to impart to him respecting certain proscribed deputies who were then at Caen the town from which she came.

Shortly after the transmission of this note she again presented herself at the door of Marat's house and this time she was ushered into the presence of the man who was destined to become her victim.

Marat with a towel and an ink spattered sheet for a covering was in his bath and busily writing.

As Charlotte Corday entered he ceased his writing and looking up, with a face which the ravages of the disease had made most hideous, expressed a wish for her to proceed with her business.

She said that some of his most unrelenting foes were in Caen and its neighborhood, their names were known to her and she desired to give them to him.

She then made mention of some of her most intimate and valued friends as those foes.

"They shall die within forty-eight hours,"said Marat.

The words had no more than parted from his lips when Charlotte Corday hastily drew from the folds of her dress a dagger, and with a quick, determined

THE EVOLUTION OF THE "HARVESTER."lunge, buried it up to the hilt in Marat's breast.

Marat uttered a faint, startled cry for help, and fell backward against the bath.

The blood from the deadly wound trickled down into the water, dyeing it a deep red.

Charlotte Corday stood by, surveying her work with no manifestation of horror or remorse observable on her countenance. She looked down upon the painful contortions of her victim unmoved.

Brutus, with the bleeding, prostrate Caesar before him, did not display less horror, less dismay, than did

Charlotte Corday in the presence of the stricken Marat.

Marat's cry for help was heard, and from the adjoining room several of the attendants rushed in.

Quickly recovering from the shock which the ghastly sight of Marat, weltering in his blood, produced upon them as they entered the room, they hastened to the assistance of their master, but found him beyond the reach of all human aid; he was dying.

A few hours later and Jean Paul Marat was cold in death.

France's evil genius was no more.

That wicked, contentious spirit had taken flight.

That blasphemous tongue and venomous pen were forever silent.

Charlotte Corday with no attempt at escape, was hurried off to prison, where she was closely interrogated by several members of the Committee of Police and

General Security, as to what prompted her to the deed.

Her reply was: "His crimes.

I have slain one man to save a hundred thousand; a wretch, to preserve those who are innocent; a ferocious beast, to give repose to my country."On the sixteenth she was arraigned before the Revolutionary Tribunal, pronounced guilty, and sentenced to be guillotined.

During the entire court proceedings she maintained a dignified bearing which commanded her a respectful hearing.

July 17th, 1793, that place of blood, La

Concorde, was once more thronged with people, chiefly of the rabble of Paris, this time to witness the closing scene in the life ot Charlotte Corday.

With a firm step she ascended the scaffold upon which stood that awful instrument of death, the guillotine.

The multitude, which was wont to greet the victim with jeers and insulting remarks, was awed into a courteous silence by a demeanor that was sublime in its dignity.

A smile of joy and contentment overspread her beautiful face.

She felt that, as a friend of liberty, as a lover of country, she had done her duty and was prepared to leave a land groaning under the weight of so much suffering, tainted with so much crime.

In an ironical tone she asked one of the attendants if Marat's body was to be consigned to the Pantheon, evidencing that her abhorrence for this man had in no way abated.

Her neck was bared and laid upon the fatal block.

The pitiless blade of the guillotine descended like a flash, and the spirit of Charlotte Corday passed into eternity, and her name into the ever living pages of history.

That Charlotte Corday was sincere in her belief that in Marat alone rested the cause of the unhappy condition of her country, subsequent to the fall of the Girondin party, there can be no doubt, but that he was the sole cause, that in him only were tyranny and freedom, is another question.

Regarding this, Barbaroux, one of the most vigorous, eloquent and influential of the Girondins, said, some time after the execution of Charlotte Corday:

"Had we known her design, and had we been capable of committing a crime by means of such a hand, it is not Marat whom we should have pointed out to her vengeance."T.

Y.

Statiford.

THE EVOLUTION OF THE "HARVESTER."You may still find old men who will tell you that they can remember when farmers in this country had nothing but the sickle with which to harvest their wheat and rye.

A dozen men worked in single file, and cut the grain with one hand and gathered it on the other arm, stopping every "round"to drink earnestly out of a big jug of New England rum or Pennsylvania whiskey.

Then came the cradle—a scythe with "fingers"on it—which made the grain he straight.

Many farmers have a cradle yet for cor-

"OVERCOME EVIL WITH COO/)."ners and odd nooks.

With it one man cut down the grain and another bound it into sheaves.

Then arose a direct descendant of the paleozoic genius, and invented a reaper drawn by horses.

This was in the '3o's, say.

A man drove, and a small boy sat on a low seat and raked off the grain in gavels.

He was practically the same small boy who used to pull the strings that worked:the cut-off valve in the first steam-engine.

He soon lost his occupation in both instances—in the case of the reaper they invented a mechanical rake.

It took five men to follow on foot and bind up what the reaper cut down.

Still the farmer wasn't satisfied.

So they made him the harvester.

Two men besides the driver rode on this, and bound the grain as it was brought up on an endless apron to where they stood.

They had an awning over them, and were very comfortably situated.

This was in the '70's.

Still the agriculturist fretted.

Then he got the self-binder, which he has yet—though he is beginning to find fault with it and talk about electricity.

At first they tried to tie up the grain with wire, but it did not work very well, and the machines were abandoned, and others using manilla or hemp twine were tried with better results.

The binder invented by a man named Appleby has perhaps been the most successful.

The twine or cord is very strong, and is a little larger than a round shoe string.

It seldom breaks, and the sheaves are tied up firmer and better than by hand.

The self-binder is somewhat complicated, but it seems simple when we consider what it does.

It is the most intelligent machine used on the farm, if I may so express it.

It would make the paleozoic man dizzy to watch it.

All it asks is that the hired man shall keep his fingers out of it and furnish it plenty of grain to bind up.

It does not tie a square or "hard"knot, nor yet a bow knot.

Bring the two ends of a string together for two or three inches from their ends; then, considering the two strings as one, tie one single plain school-boy knot in it, and you have the* knot made by a self-binder.

It is the hardest knot in the world to untie, and it never "gives"a particle.

In the machine it is made by a funny, crafty little thingumbob which turns round half way, opens its mouth and seizes the cord, turns on around, and lets go sullenly, as if it had half a mind not to.

A knife cuts the cord, another thingumbob holds the ends, two arms sweep the sheaf off on to the ground, and the binder waits for enough grain to accumulate for another sheaf, when it starts itself and repeats the operation.

It works with the precision of a fine steam engine, if the hired man will only let it alone.

Harper's Weekly.

"OVERCOME EVIL WITH GOOD."Be honest and upright in dealing,

Withhold naught equity calls;

And aid not an enemy's downfall,

Return good for evil to all.

Hold fast to the mandates of virtue,

To all that is sacred and dear;

And fellowship not with the scoffer,

To infidels never give ear.

And ever be true to your conscience,

And sensual pleasures disdain;

And from foul iniquity's drink-cup,

And vices alluring refrain.

Do not waver, falter or grumble,

Or dispair—His mercy is great;

Put anger to flight and be humble,

Eschewing all envy and hate.

And ever thro'life as you journey,

You will be safe guarded from strife

For joys, purest pleasures will follow,

With manifold blessings thro'life.

L. M: Hewlings.

MACAULAY

There are two pictures that will illustrate my position.

The first is that of a gleaner, by the dim light of the pale moon searching painfully amid the stubble in a harvest-field, from which the corn has been reaped, and the reapers have been withdrawn.

I am that gleaner.

About the great man who is my subject, there has been as much said and written as would almost furnish a library. The second picture is that ofa son, keenly a flectionate, but of high integrity, clinging with almost reverend fondness to the memory of a father, but who has become conscious of one detraction from that father's excellence which he may not conscientiously conceal.

I am that son.

There are few who hold that marvellous Englishman more dear, or who are more jealous for the renown which he merits, and which has made his name a word of pride wherever Anglo-Saxons talk in their grand, free, mother- tongue.

If this world were all, I could admire and worship, and no warning accompaniment should mingle with the music of praise;

but I should be recreant to duty, if I forbore to warn you, that without godliness in the heatt and life, the most brilliant career will miss its allotted purpose, and there comes a paleness upon the lustre of the proudest fame.

It is enough.

Your discernment and sympathy will accord me its indulgence, while we speak together of the man who was the marvel of other lands, and who occupies no obscure place in the bright bead-roll of his Own—the rhetorician, essayist, poet, statesman and historian—Thomas Babbington, first and last Baron Macaulay.

From a middle-class family in a midland county in England, was born the man whom England delighteth to honor.

The place of his birth was Rothley Temple, in Leicestershire;

his grandfather was a minister; his father, after the manner of Scotchmen, traveled in early life toward the south to find wider scope for his enterprise and industry than the country of Macallum More could yield.

His mother was the daughter of a Bristol bookseller, who was a member of the Society of Friends.

Some of his critics have discovered in these two facts the reasons of his severity against Scotchmen and Quakers.

When, in these times, we ask after a man's parentage, it is not that we may know by how many removes he is allied to a kingly race, nor how many quarterings he is entitled to grave upon his shield.

It is morally certain that most of us had ancestors who distinguished themselves in the wars, and that most of us will have posterity who shall be engaged in the strife of Armageddon.

But estates and names are not the only inheritances of children. Influences are thrown around them in early life which are vital, almost creative, in their power upon the future of their being.

You look upon a child in its happiness, with wonder in its eyes, and brow, across which sun and shadow ceaselessly chase each other.

It is all unconscious of its solemn stewardship, and of the destiny it may achieve; but you feel that of all known and terrible forces, short of Omnipotence, the mightiest may slumber in that cradle.

You look at it again when the possible of the child has developed into the actual of the man.

The life purpose has been chosen, and there is the steady strife for its accomplishment.

That babe who once slumbered so helplessly has become the village Hampden, or, the cruel Claverhouse; the dark blasphemer, or the ready helper of the friendless; the poet, or the missionary.

You might almost have predicted the result, because you knew the influences, subtle, but mighty, which helped to confirm him in the right, or warped him to the wrong.

And who shall say in the character of each of us how much we are indebted to our hereditary endowments, to early association, to parental rule, and to that chain of circumstances which guarded us as we emerged into the actual experiences of life!

With healthy and stirring influences surrounding him, Macaulay passed his childhood; and though in after years he became the contemplative student, the results of the association stamped them-

MA CAULAY.

selves upon his character, and we can trace them in his strong independence, and consistent love of liberty, in his rare appreciation of the beauty of moral goodness, and in the quiet energy of perseverance which urged him to the mastery of every subject he handled, and which stored his mind so richly, that he grew into a living encyclopedia of knowledge.

In the fifteenth year of his age we find the young student coming out with energy as a church reformer, assailing the time-honored prerogative of parish clerks, and making "heroic exertions"to promote, in the village where he worshipped, the responses of the congregation at large.

The same period was signalized by the issue of his first critical essay, and of his earliest published work—the criticism was, however, ventured only in a letter to Mrs. H.

More, at Barley Wood and the work being neither an epic nor a treatise, but an index to the thirteenth volume of the

Christian Observer.

The letter in which Macaulay talks of the critics, and alludes to the forthcoming publication, shall tell its own tale, and you may forget or remember, as you please, that the writer was not over fifteen years of age.

After alluding to the illness of a Mr. Henry Thornton, and to Mrs. Hannah More's recovery from the effects of an accident by fire, he says:

"Every eminent writer of poetry, good or bad, has been publishing, within the last month, or is to publish shortly.

Lord Byron's pen is at work over a poem, as yet nameless.

Lucien Bonaparte has given the world his 'Charlemagne.'Scott has published his 'Lord of the Isles,'in six cantos—a beautiful and elegant poem and Southey his 'Roderick,'the last of the Goths. Wordsworth has printed 'The Excursion,'(a ponderous quarto of five hundred pages), being a portion of the intended poem, entitled, 'The Recluse.'What the length of this intended poem is to be, as the Grand Vizier said of the Turkish poet ti'est connu qu'a Dieu et a M.

Wordsworth"This forerunner, however, is, to say no more, almost as long as it is dull; not but that there are many striking and beautiful passages interspersed; but who would wade through a poem 'Where perhaps one beauty shines

In the dry desert of a thousand lines.'

To add to the list, my dear madam, you will soon see a work of mine in print.

Do not be frightened;

it is only the index to the thirteenth volume of the Christian

Observer, which I have had the honor of composing.

Index-making, though the lowest, is not the most useless round in the ladder of literature; and I pride myself upon being able to say, that there are many readers of the Christian Observer who could do without Walter Scott's works, but not without those of, "My dear Madam, "Your Affectionate Friend, 'Thomas B. Macaulay.

He soon proceeded in due course to Trinity College, Cambridge, the alma mater of many distinguished sons.

It was during his residence here that he started as an adventurer into the world of letters, which is so stony-hearted to the feeble and friendless, but which once won, speeds the vigorous or the fortunate to the temple of fame.

It was well for Macaulay that he was happy in the enterprising individual who first enlisted his ready pen, though his genius 'would have burst through all trammels of poverty or sordidness that he was a good and genial leader under whose banner he won his spurs of fame.

There are few names which modern times hold in dearer remembrance than the name of Charles Knight, and Jerrold's apt epitaph may now be spoken, and the last "Qood Knight"be breathed above the turf that wraps his clay.

A goodly band of choice spirits were those, who, under various names enriched the pages of "Knight's Quarterly

Magazine."It is not too much to say, that though Winthrop Praed, John Moultrie and Nelson Coleridge were among the contributors, the great charm of the magazine, during its brief and brilliant existence, was in the articles signed "Tristram Merton,"which was the literary alias of Thomas Macaulay, In these early productions of his pen, there are the foreshadowings of his

ALMINA.

future eminence, the same flashes of genius, the same antithetical power, the same prodigious learning, the same facile illustration which so much entrances us in his later years.

His versatility is amusing.

Nothing comes amiss to him.

Italian poets or Athenian orators—the revels of Alcibiades, the gallantries of Caesar, the philosophy of history, and the abstruser questions of political science—all are discussed with boldness and fervor by this youth of twenty-four summers;

while those who read his fragments of a parish law-suit, and a projected epic, will pronounce him "of an infinite humor, "and those who read his! '"Songs of the Huguenots,"and of the "Civil War,"will recognize the first martial outbursts of the poet-soul which flung its fiery words upon the world in the "Lays of Ancient Rome."His love of the ballad, which had been a passion, was not overborn by his application to graver studies.

Calliope had not been supplanted by Clio, and he sung the Battle of Naseby, with a force of rushing words which takes our hearts by storm, in spite of prejudice, or creed, and which, in what some critics may call a perversion of power,—carries away the most peaceloving in a momentary insanity for war:

Oh! wherefore come ye forth, in triumph from the North, With your hands and your feet, and vour raiment all red?

And wherefore doth your rout send forth a joyous shout?

And whence be the grapes of the wine-press which ye tread?

Respice Finern.

THOMAS BROWN AND FAMILY.

High, frowning cliffs; huge walls of rock; deep channels cut into the mountain side by the roaring river, which tumbles from ledge to ledge and lashes itself into foam.

Railroad, highway, and river come close together here.

Crossing and re-crossing each other; now one, then the other crowded to the wall, as they wind through the canon, each seeming to dispute the other's passage.

It is a wild, grand scene, this gateway to one of the upper valleys of the Wasatch Mountains.

But once out through the narrows, the valley widens out into a delightful spread of landscape.

On either hand are farm houses scattered along the valley's length, here and there grouping into hamlets and towns.

A dozen miles of this broad fertile farm land and the mountains again contract and close the valley in.

Then comes more rapids, more rocky cliffs and more steep grades for the iron steed to climb.

But once more the valley widens.

The higher ALMINA.

"Alas for love If this be all, And naught beyond, O earth If passion blinds our duties'eyes,

What is thy glory worth mountains now retreat to the background and make room for the lower hills which connect with the pleateau or extend in gentle declines to the level meadow lands of the bottoms.

And now the hills take on a redder aspect, be.

coming more bleak and barren.

Farther on they change to a gray color, become lower, and here and there break'out into quarries of white sandstone.

But what are those black piles against the lighter back-ground of the hills?

Surely that gaping hole is a mine, and that dark heap must have come out of it.

Yes;

it is a region of coal mines,—the coal fields of the Weber.

Here at the junction of two valleys stands the town of Asheville.

Its people are engaged in mining and farming.

The wide expanse of low land to the east, north and south, is dotted with farms.

Cattle roam over the hills and find good pasturage by the mountain springs and water- courses.

But coal mining is the principal industry of Asheville, and the elevations surrounding the town are honey-combed with delvings after

4Q ALMIN4.

the useful, black substance.

Here and there the buildings of the more important mines stand prominently above their environments, while over the hills and in all kinds of out of the way places can be seen the shafts and tunnels of the smaller concerns.

Here, too, are found the prospector's neglected claim and the ruins of worn-out mines, dreary spots among a bright scene of activity.

The close of a day in spring.

Over a small elevation near the town of Asheville comes a lad, whistling.

He prefers to climb the hill and get home sooner.

The day's work does not seem to have made him very tired, as his quick step and merry tunes indicate.

He tosses his dinner pail high in the air, then runs forward to catch it.

At the edge of the descending slope his pranks must cease, as on this side of the hill are a great many caves and fissures.

The sandstone is cracked and heaped up and broken into all shapes, caused by the old mines caving in.

Ah, here is a delightful spot for sport;

in summer day to play hide-and-seek, and carve your names in the soft stone.

To play "back-out,"this is a very paradise, jumping from rock to rock, leaping over dangerous cracks in the earth, out of which often rises the odor of burning gasses and coal, and climbing over and around "scaly"places that were so plentiful.

"Twit, twit,"came the shrill notes of a chipmunk sitting on a rock.

The boy heard and saw and stopped.

He noiselessly picked up a stone, and, with a quick swing of his strong arm, sent the little chirper tumbling from his perch.

Out from behind a boulder, darted the figure of a little girl.

Her hair was streaming, and her eyes were flashing with indignation.

"Will Edwards, you're a wicked, cruel boy! "she cried, as she joined the chipmunk slayer, who was trying to secure his prey from falling into a deep hole.

''What did you do that for? ""Fur fun,"and the rogue grinned till his white teeth gleamed from his black, coal-dust-cov<rred face.

"Fun is it to kill a poor chipmunk that never harmed you in the least!

See the poor innocent thing You ought to be ashamed of yourself."The wounded creature in its death struggles, fell out of the boy's reach and disappeared in the darkness below.

"There, its gone.

Poor little thing And a tear stood in her eye, as she gazed after it into the dark depths.

She again looked at the boy, who, seeing his game beyond his reach, turned to go, but she stepped in front of him, and, looking him squarely in the face, said "Do you know what you have done?

You have killed my chipmunk.""Yours!"—As jf anybody could claim a wild chipmunk.

"Yes, mine.

I was training him, and he was not a bit afraid of me.

I could play with him all day, and he was getting so tame that he would eat from my hand.

But you, cruel Will Edwards that you are—I'll never speak to you again."

Well, what a fuss, thought Will.

Had he not killed scores of "munks?"and it had caused no such excitement.

But, of course, if she was training him—why, that was another thing, and he should not have hurt it;

but then, he did not know.

The twilight was fast deepening to dark, and the girl clambered down the hillside.

Will Edwards picked up his pail and followed, trying to make some apology or his conduct.

But she evaded him, and soon disappeared in the gloom.

Just below the rocks, at the foot of the hill, stood the home of Thomas Brown.

It was a humble looking place—in fact, the house was old, shabby, and uncomfortable.

It was built of rock, and very rough rock at that.

What shingles were still remaining on the roof were warped into all shapes, which had not improved their rain-shedding qualities.

The rickety sash still held the small panes of glass in place; but one hinge of the door was gone, and a leathern one took its place.

The chimney was a massive affair, and reminded one of a church tower.

Over the whole was a covering of black dust, which had settled on it from the long trains of coal wagons that traveled by.

The little girl, of the hill-side episode, darted in at the open doorway of this

ALMINA.

abode, and nearly upset her mother who was coming to the door to fill and light her lamp.

"Gracious, Almina what do you mean?

You came nearly knocking the lamp out of my hand."The girl did not answer, but sat down on a stool by the stove and burst out crying.

Her mother, becoming alarmed, hurriedly lighted the lamp and looked at the sobbing girl.

"What is the matter?"she exclaimed;

"Come, child, what is it?""Well—Will Edwards has killed my chipmunk!"This explained the situation.

Sister Brown had watched her daughter's exertions with the little animal, and had encouraged her in it.

So, while she set the table for supper, she drew from her daughter the whole story.

Her father, coming home, laughed heartily at the narrative, and predicted that Will Edwards would soon repent of the act.

Just a few words about Thomas Brown and family, previous to finding them seated around the supper table that evening at Asheville.

Thomas Brown was a miner, which occupation he had followed all his life.

His youth and early manhood had been spent among the coal pits of the Tyne, England.

It was here that the Gospel found him, and as he was an honest seeker after truth, it did not take him long to realize the precious boon which had come to him.

He had been a member of the Church some years when he married.

His wife was a woman of some culture, having had more opportunities for education than he had.

She possessed an aesthetical nature, which the poor miner often found difficult to properly nourish.

Still, they lived happily enough, and in time a wee baby girl came to their home to brighten them with her pranks, and teach them gentleness and patience.

Thomas was an attentive student of the Book of Mormon, and a great admirer of the sacred record.

When it came to naming the baby he turned to his book and searched its pages for a name.

But he soon found that female names were rather scarce there, and he had nearly it given up the task when his wife suggested a change of the name of one of the Nephite prophets to the feminine gender.

"Feminine what?"queried the unlearned father, while the mother laughed at his astonishment, and taking the book began transforming names.

Nephi, Ammon, Helaman, and others were tried, but without success.

"Alma,"Thomas cried, "Almi, Almina,"he exclaimed, as he repeated the word over and over.

"I've beat you with all your learning. How does that sound?

Almina—now I call that quite musical, as they say."His wife agreed with him, and so Almina became the baby's name, by which she was ever after known among the children of men.

As the desire to gather with the Saints increased, Thomas Brown worked hard to save enough for that purpose.

Every penny that could be spared was hoarded, and as he was faithful in keeping the commandments of God, he was blessed in his efforts.

So one summer morning, when England's sun seemed to exert itself with unusual brilliancy, Brother Brown and his family bade farewell to their native country, and joined the company of Saints in singing:

"O Babylon, O Babylon, we bid thee farewell,

We're going to the mountains of Ephraim to dwell."Thomas Brown was told that he could find work at the coal mines on the Weber, so he settled at Asheville in the old rock house above described.

He had not drawn very glowing pictures of

Zion.

The elders had warned him oi that;

still he was a little disappointed at times.

The people were kind enough in their way, but it caused the mother not a little astonishment, for instance, to see her neighbors give their milk to pigs and calves when they would have considered a bucket full a luxury.

So it was hard at first.

But it did not last long.

Thomas was a good workman and soon placed his family above want at least.

The old house, although lacking outward beauty, was within, as neat as a pin.

The wife's taste showed itself in house-

ALMINA.

flowers and other cheap ornaments, tastefully arranged.

True, the rain would sometimes beat in at the windows and leak through the shingles, but by continual mending they managed quite comfortably.

So time passed and Almina grew to a bright, pretty child; not alone the pride of her parents, but she, by her graces, gained the love of all her playmates.

She was not a precocious child, still there was that about her which attracts.

From her father she inherited a sympathetic nature, while from her mother she derived a taste for the beautiful and refined.

Though these characteristics appeared quite early, yet they did not destroy her love for the romp and the game.

She was among the first over the hills to gather May flowers, to clamber over the rocks and boulders to some protected spot and pluck in triumph the first sego blossom or wild lily.

ii.

boy and girl.

"Wife,"said Thomas Brown one evening, "Brother Davis has offered me another chance on his claim and I have been seriously thinking of accepting it.

What's your opinion?"His wife did not answer directly.

Evidently, it was a subject she did not like to discuss, but after a pause, she said:

"Do as you think best Thomas; but you know there are so many risks.""Yes, of course there are risks, but nothing venture, nothing win.

We have paid our emigration debt and owe nobody.

If we can make the mine a success, we will soon be out of this pile of stones, into a home of our own."

His wife presented no further objection to his plan and it was ageed that Brother Davis'offer should be accepted.

Brother Davis was a neighbor, who had been for some time working a private claim, without much success it seemed, as instead of becoming richer he got poorer.

The fact was that, although Brother Davis was a good workman and had a fair claim, he did not have the means whereby to properly work it.

Besides, there was very little management about him and his affairs went wrong.

This, then, was the offer accepted by Thomas

Brown.

Soon there were signs of new life about the old tunnel.

The slack pile was removed from the platform, which was cleared of all its rubbish, mended, and extended.

The screens were arranged to better advantage, and everything adjusted to its proper workings, that the custom of the coal haulers might be secured.

It taxed the new firm to do all this, but the fruits of their diligence soon appeared and Davis and Brown were soon on the road to prosperity.

During the construction of the new'gin for the mine, young Will Edwards had cast wistful eyes at it and at its completion he was installed as driver.

Time passed.

One day in the month of June, Will Edwards sat on the seat of his gin, alternately cracking his whip and throwing pieces of coal at the mule, which patiently plodded the weary circle of his days's labor around the gin.

Not that it was an unusual sight to see Will thus engaged, for he had done no other labor for nearly two years now.

Will liked the place partly for the reason that he was well treated, and partly for another reason, which last reason it would have been a hard matter for even Will himself to explain understandingly.

The fact reremained that he stayed from month to month, until he considered it a steady job.

Will Edwards was one of those boys who are cast upon the world at an early age.

His mother had died when he was a child, his father was living, but where, no one seemed to know.

So his uncle Henry had taken him, and with him he had lived the thirteen years of his life, working at odd jobs at the farms and mines.

Not a day's schooling had he received up to this time.

His guardian used to say that "It was enough to furnish him with shoes and grub."School bills he could not pay.

It was four o'clock, and Will could hear the usual shouts and din made by the school children as, "the feet that creeping slow to school, went storming out to play."The schoolhouse was not far distant; and soon the merry crowd filed past and swarmed round the mine.

It was their usual way, some of Will's friends

ALMINA.

stopping, and others merely shouting, "Hello Will"as they passed.

The boys did not linger long to-night, as there was to be a game of ball;

but Will had no great remorse for the slight this evening; not that he did not like their company, for he did, but he caught sight of a figure coming along the path leading to the mine.

Will knew the figure in white pinafore and wide straw hat, as well as he knew his mule—excuse the comparison; but Will had no chance to know any of the more beautiful objects of nature, that we would rather have used in the comparison.

When he saw her coming he hurridly peeped under some boards that had been erected over some object, evidently to screen it from observation.

Almina Brown trudged up to the dump.

She presented a perfect picture of happy girlhood.

Her book-sack swung from her shoulder.

Her hat was thrown back on a mass of dark-brown curls, revealing a pair of large round eyes, which sparkled like the shining coal from the mine.

It was perhaps the eyelashes that gave to the rubylipped rosy-cheeked face, that peculiar beauty, for they were long and dark.

Beauty had not confined itself to the face, for the whole figure was one of grace, and every movement Ishowed a body of health and vigor.

Surely, Will was hardly to blame for the partiality he manifested in choosing his company.

"Well, Will,"she called merrily, "how goes Jack today?""He's rather sleepy and needs waking quite often,"he replied.

"It is getting pretty warm, is'nt it?"and she seated herself on an overturned coal car, and fanned herself with her hat.

"I am beginning to long for the last day of school in a way that's really wicked.

Don't you think it's a sin to do that?

And I do want to finish fractions before vacation.

Say, can't you help me with an example?

It's not very hard but I can not see into it somehow.

'If a man, by working one day and a half can earn'but there, how stupid of me, you're no scholar—you never went to school a day in your life.

That's too bad, Will;

really you ought to go."Thus on she rattled.

Will listened with a grin on his face.

He gave no answer as none was expected. "Why don't you go to school, Will? Do you have to work all the time?"She paused; that meant that a reply was wanted.

Will was a little confused.

He had given the matter very little thought, and it bothered him to answer.

"I—guess—I do,"he stammered.

"That is Uncle Henry has always said he couldn't afford to send me to school.""Can't afford it What has he done with your wages the last year and over?

That'll amount to something won't it? / should ask for a reckoning and tell him I wanted to go to school."She walked up to the gin and was balancing herself on the sweep, when Jack made a movement which shook the pole and tumbled her off.

"Well, I must go,"she cried, as she scrambled up again. "Now, do as

I have told you, Will.

You'd become a great scholar, I know.

"Almina,"and Will held out to her a cage containing a squirrel, which he had hurriedly taken from its cover under the boards.

"What?""I've got something for you,"he replied, as he walked up to her and handed her the cage.

"Oh, what is it?

What's it for?""It's for you.

You remember that chipmunk of yours that I killed?

Well, this is a real squirrel instead.""And is it mine? ""Of course; whose else is it? "

Almina could hardly express thank-;

enough for the present.

That Will had not forgotten the killing of her pet, but had been planning all this time to make some reparation, seemed strange to the girl.

"He's a little wild yet,"said Will, "but by a little training he will do lots of tricks.

He can do some already.

Some time I will show you."Here the gong sounded, which was the signal for Will to draw up the loaded car.

"Come over to-night,"Almina requested, and Will readily prom'sed, and hurried to his work.

ALMINA.

That night Will and Almina were busy with their squirrel training; and it was not the last of such occasions during the long summer twilights. One evening as Brother and Sister Brown were watching the sport, Almina again broached the subject of school to Will.

"I'll tell you what Will exclaimed, bluntly.

Do you think that a big booby like I am, wants to go in the primer class?

There's where I'd have to go if I went to school.

No, sir, I am too old to start now."Brother Brown and his wife laughed at the boy's argument.

"Now, that's all nonsense"answered Almina.

"Never too old to learn, you know."I'll tell you what, Will.

You go to work now, and I'll help you.

I'll be school teacher, you know, and by the time school opens again you can start in the fourth reader, I'm sure.

Mother will help you too, won't you mother?"She took her father and mother by surprise, but their help was readily promised;

in fact, they too entered into the scheme with considerable enthusiasm.

Will Edwards certainly deserved to have more of an opportunity for improvement.

They had always found him honest and obliging in his rough way.and they would certainly do what they could for him.

Will agreed, and bought the needed books.

So the squirrel had to share his time with another pupil;

one who soon took more interest in his education than the little animal possibly could.

It was astonishing, the improvement Almina's pupil made.

Slow at first, but rapidly gaining the mastery as he advanced in his reader and in the processes of arithmetic.

After his day's work, Will could have been seen making his way to his fair mistress with books and slate under his arn, like any other school boy.

Sometimes the recitation would be conducted in the house;

at other times, if the day was fair, an old wash-bench outside was made to.serve as class room.

Even the hill side boulders were used for that purpose, the smoother stones being employed as black-boards.

The lizard, sunning itself on the warm rock, would peep into this school house, with its school of two, and oft would it see the brown curls ot the teacher tumbling in confusion over her pupil's lessons as she stooped over his shoulders and corrected a glaring error in addition, or tried with all her teaching powers to explain the science of borrowing without returning.

Then when the explanation was made, and he would run his fingers through his hair, stare at her and laugh at his own stupidity, she would scold him and then begin the task over again, with wonderful patience.

It was a beautiful and novel sight, this exhibition of youthful patience, generosity and application to study.

And did Will Edwards appreciate all this?

Not then; but the memory of those evenings spent in and around that old rock house went with him through his after life and was forever a bright picture upon which he often turned and gazed when his soul was made dark with the bitter pangs of despair.

That blithesome form, that animated face, those beaming eyes, the curls, the kindness—crowned with that indescribable sunshine of childhood, were stamped indelibly on his memory.

The plan was a success.

The programme was carried out, and at the beginning of the next school year, Will Edwards entered school, with some forebodings it is true, but with a strong determination to succeed.

His thirst for knowledge had been awakened and he resolved to satisfy it. Will appreciated the exertions fhat'Almina Brown and her parents had so kindly and earnestly made in his behalf.

Their endeavors should not come to naught, if he could help it.

And his gratitude was expressed in acts of kindness to them all.

Whether in school or out, Will was Almina's staunch friend and adviser.

Two more years, and Will Edwards stood side by side, in the same class, with

Almina Brown.

Three more, and he was the equal of any pupil in school.

Nephi Anderson.

(To be continued.) The soaring hawk has no ear for music and rates the cry of the partridge above the song of the nightingale.

Mill Dam Falls.

TRENTON.

It is interesting to walk back on the track over which men, whom we love and honor, have come to their distinction.

It is much easier making this journey than was theirs;

for the upward gradients are reversed, and all the bypaths opening to the right and left, and ever tempting to a departure from the true course, are unseen, as the way is retraced.

To what delightful scenes this road leads us!

With what charm they are invested Let us consider the starting places from which the prophets of modern days set out upon their earthly pilgrimages.

It has been my good fortune during the past summer to visit the birth-places of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, George

A. Smith, Wilford Woodruff, Daniel H.

Wells, and others whose names are honored among the Latter-day Saints.

It is my purpose to write of these places, presenting such views of them as I could procure, and of well-known scenes of their childhood.

Surely no more picturesque villages can be found in all our country than those which cradled those men.

Their childhood days must have pleasant memories, if the influences of scenery make and leave an impression of pleasure on the minds of such practical, hard-working men as they have been That their hearts have ever been moved with sentiments of deepest love for the scenes of their nativity and childhood, there can be no doubt, to those who know how all the natural well-springs of their souls have been preserved in purity.

I remember a remark made by President

George A. Smith, speaking of St. Peter's

Church, at Rome; he said: "On entering this stupendous structure and contemplating its superb grandeur, a true man will, involuntarily, raise his hat and pay tribute to the inspiration of its designer."

Akin to this sentiment is that, which always exists in the breasts of true men, of love and veneration for the homes of their childhood.

It is only with those who have lost their natural affections that such sentiments perish.

My steps were turned first to the birthplace of my father; and I took my little boy, Hugo, with me that he might run over the fields, climb the trees, and drive along the roads which were familiar to his grandfather in the days of his childhood.

The Wells homestead in Trenton, Oneida County, New York, was on the right hand side of Weathersfield

Street, the main road from Trenton village to

TRENTON.

Holland Patent, and thence to Utica, about fifteen miles from the latter city.

It consisted of a farm of eighty or a hundred acres, surrounded with a stone fence, a frame farm house, barns and out-buildings.

At the time Daniel H.

Wells'father, who was born at Weathersfield,

Connecticut, first traversed the road it was a scarcely broken path through the forest. That was about 1795, and Utica consisted of but two or three log houses, {he first time he visited it.

He had pushed out to the West with others from Hartford and Weathersfield, going as far as the wilderness of Ohio, where he spent nearly two years, clearing the forest and breaking the ground for a farm in the summers, and teaching school in the winters a school attended by the children of the squatters, who had built log cabins on their claims, and were laying foundations for future homes.

While his head and hands were thus employed in the subjugation of the un cultivated western frontier of civilization, his heart was beating fondly for the dearest associations of his native New England home.

The evidence of this is preserved in the following letter addressed to the young lady, with whom he had "kept company,"and whom he afterwards married, and "enjoyed a happy life together,"acccordingtohis expectations. The letter was folded and sealed without an envelope, and addressed:

Mrs. Honor Francis, Weathersfield, Connecticut.

Part of High Falls MARIETTA, December i2th, 1797.

Dear Honor:

It is with pleasure I write to inform you that I enjoy my health very well, hoping you are enjoying the same blessing.

I have had hopes of receiving a letter from you once more but waiting till I was out of patience I write again to let you know I have not forgot you but not able to say but you have me.

I should be sorry to hear such news for it is my design to enjoy a happy life together if possible and I hope you will join me with pleasure.

I should be glad to pay you a visit this winter but the journey is long and so tedious to attempt I hope their will be no friendship lost by neither of us for my not coming.

I should be fond of living where I could enjoy your company as in former times, if I thought it would be for o\jr advantage hereafter.

I have not determined to settle in this country that induces me to tarry here so long, but I want to see more of it before I return.

I will write a few lines how I have enjoyed my life this summer past.

I with four others have kept Batcheldors hall till now, the're all about to leave me.

I expect a family to move into my house and board with them.

There is but a few young people that assemble together. There has been but one ball since I lived in the place.

I received a ticket and accepted the invitation.

The people was very sociable and easy to get acquainted with and treated me with manners.

I have no news of importance to write at present but I must tell you My love for thee is great and reaches to the heart, It is the truth I now relate, and I hope may never part.

must leave writing by subscribing myself your affectionate friend, Daniel Wells.

Mrs. Honor Francis.

TRENTON.

It was not until March 26th, 1799, that the hopes expressed in the above loveletter were realized. He was then twentysix and his bride twenty four.

After their marriage they set out upon their journey to the West, stopping, however, in the neighborhood of Utica, where, with the Wolcotts', Storrs', Hubbards', Willards',

Rockwells', and others from Hartford and Weathersfield, they broke the forest and established themselves upon farms in the towns of Trenton and Holland Patent.

The Wells farm was adjoining that of

Ephraim and William Storrs, and embraced meadow and hill land from the river to the top of the hills.

The Weathersfield road divided it, the house on the upper and the barn on the lower side of the street.

After faithfully performing the duties of a pioneer's wife for several years Honor Francis died in 1812.

She was the mother of five daughters, the eldest twelve, and the yoYingest an infant, three weeks old, when she left them.

On November 30th, 1813, Daniel W-lls married again.

His wife was Catherine Chapin, daughter of David Chapin, a Revolutionary soldier, and Ruth Seymour, who lived in the neighborhood.

They had two children, Daniel Hanmer and Catherine, who shared in the attentions of a devoted mother, which were also bestowed upon their orphaned sisters, until they had grown to womanhood.

Their father died in 1826, and Daniel H., who was born in 1814, had the reSherman sponsibility of the farm, as the only man on the place, from that time until he was eighteen years of age, when, with his mother and own sister, he started out for the West to make for himself and them a new home on the banks of the great Mississippi River.

His half-sisters were either married or of age, and remained in the neighborhood for years after.

It was my privilege in 1874 to visit the only surviving one of these, Mrs. Abigail

Rockwell, who, with her invalid husband,

Stephen Rockwell, and daughter Kate, were living in the old Rockwell farmhouse, on the lower side of the road, just over the Trenton line, in Holland Patent.

They are all dead now, and on my last visit the place seemed indeed lonesome and desolate.

Between the Wells and Rockwell farms on the upper side of the road, stands the old stone schoolhouse, which many years ago replaced the original log and lumber building Falls - in which Daniel H. Wells received the rudiments of an education, attending during the winters, and working on the farm summers.

Lionel Willard, a schoolmate of my father's, told me of an occasion well remembered by him when, as a little, red-headed boy, my father was perched on a high bench in the old schoolroom, and, while dozing one afternoon, tumbled off the bench, greatly to his own consternation, and much to the merriment of the rest of the school.

During the present visit with my little

TRENTON.

boy, we found that every trace of the old homestead had disappeared—the site of the house where, in 1874, the cellar remained, having been filled up and plowed over.

In my journal of that year I find the following, referring to my first visit to these scenes, which was in company of my cousin, Kate Rockwell:

"We then came to the old orchard just below the Storrs'farmhouse, and found amidst the trees, mostly apple and crab apple trees, the cellar of the old house in which my father was born, and also the well at the back of the house.

It is now covered with a slab of limestone.

I gathered some roses, spearmint, buttercups, and daisies, and got a piece of stone from the back doorstep.

Kate pointed out the spot where the old barn stood across the road, and farther away, toward the river, to a new lumber cottage, with green blinds and a brick chimney, standing on the site of the old log cabin in which all my father's sisters were born, except Francis and Catherine, the two youngest.

We walked through the orchard and woods which stand back of the house, to the spring and little creek that runs from it.

The gateway through the stone fence has recently been built up, and the old stone quarry near the meadow is being worked "

On this trip William Storrs told me of his vivid recollection of the hardworking youth who lived next door and often helped them at their haying.

He said that though young Daniel Wells was only a boy in years, he was large of stature and always kept up with the men at work.

He had seen him many a time wipe the sweat from his brow and dash it in streams from his fingers.

I have heard my father say that this is true, and he never understood why, simply because he was a boy, though he did a man's work, he only received a boy's wages for his labor.

He worked for Storrs at fifty cents a day, but the men got a dollar.

In Trenton village, which is one of the most picturesque places of New York State—the survivors of my father's time are very few.

Among them, however, I must name the widow of Dr.

Guiteau, who with her distinguished husband, maintained with great dignity the leading place in the best society of Trenton for more than fifty years.

From the village,it is about three miles to Trenton Falls, views of which we were able to procure and present to our readers.

Rev.

David Spencer, of Scranton, Pennsylvania, after viewing the falls for the first time in the summer of 1887, says of them:

"Many persons pass through, and perhaps some dwell in Utica, who have never seen the Trenton Falls.

For the information of such, especially, the following description is written of a recent trip through these succession of beautiful surprises:

'Leaving Moore's Hotel, with cane in hand, we pass through the woods a hundred yards, and reach the top of what is known as the lower stairway.

Descending this at easy stages, we pass down one hundred and twenty-seven steps into the great flume.

On either side, as if laid by mason's hands, the walls of Trenton limestone towered above one hundred and fifty feet or more.

Through this flume the Kanata River, (the Indians call it Kauyahoora, meaning leaping water), passes over its rocky bed, while we, to view the beauties of its falls, pass up along its waters over a pavement of flagstone, laid by nature herself, solid, even and deep.

We pause ever and anon to admire the flowers, ferns and mosses which adorn the walls of this old gray glen.

A walk of a few steps brings us to the narrows, where the* waters are crowded into a limited channel, and rush along with great force.

You hear the roar of falls near by, but cannot see them, for, as you look up the gorge, the bold face of a solid rock, forty feet high, extending as far as you can see, entirely across the chasm, greets your gaze. You turn a point and off at one side you come upon the first or Sherman Falls, named after Rev. John Sherman, who made this spot a public resort.

This fall has made for itself a semi-circle alcove, into which it leaps to a depth of forty feet.

Climbing the stair-like steps cut out of the

TRENTON.

Alhambra Cascade.—Rocky Heart.

solid rock, aided by a chain fastened by strong staples, you pass around the circular gorge the fall has worn out under the shelving wall, and stand by the precipice over which the fall plunges with deafening roar.

We reach a point where we can look over the Sherman, down through the chasm to the narrows, several hundred yards.

It is an impressive scene;

but turning our back upon this great hallway of the waters, we round the point, and instantaneously we are charmed with the sight of the High Falls.

Awe-inspired and surprised we stand and take in the marvelous view.

It is a picture in water colors, framed in rock, fringed in greenness, spangled with wild flowers, and canopied by the blue vault of heaven.

This fall is triple, and has a leap of seventy feet.

Passing up to it you seem to have entered a three-story palace.

The leap to the ground floor is over a perpendicular height.

Climbing to the second floor you see the water passing down over a terraced-like slope in a foam of whiteness like alabaster.

Thence up to the third floor where the great plunge is made.

Here the water, at one part of the falls, passes in solid volume, having the color of amber, which in the sunlight is singularly beautiful, looking like a cascade of melted topaz, while at other places the water passes as a thin, silvery sheet, like a bridal veil of beauty.

As you sit under the shadow of the great over- hanging walls and look upon the cataract, the sunlight falls with delicious effect upon

5° TRENTON.

the waters, You listen entranced to the diapason of this great organ in nature's cathedral glen, while you get an imposing idea of power, beauty and harmony, and even of fury.

Sitting in silence we gazed upon these falls, and down into the chasm filled with spray, arched by a most magnificient rainbow, and we alMcore's Hotel.

lowed the glory of the whole scene to infiltrate our minds, until we thought of that 'new song,'which is as the voice of many waters, 'yet sweet as harpers harping with their harps.'

Passing above we come to the Mill-Dam Falls.

A few rods bevond we come to the Alhambra Cascade, a marvel of uniqueness and beauty.

We enter its domain through a walled gateway of rock, rounded as if by an artist's skill.

Here the waters leap and foam and play, much to the pleasure of the observer.

Just beyond this is a peculiar column-like rock, crowned with a capital, and bearing above it an immense wall of stone into whose cleft trees have rooted themselves, and towerlike spire towards the sky. Walking on we pass through the Rocky Heart, and a real gem to look upon, and thence on until we climb the steps of the upper stairway to the clift. A mile beyond this, at Prospect, is another fall, entirely different to any we have passed.

Over the face of a solid wall of rock, fully one hundred feet in width, passes the water, behind whose veil-like thinness the layers of Trenton limestone are distinctly seen.

Retracing our steps, we take the upper path through the native forest which skirts the long chasm, back to the hotel for rest and recuperation, as well as to think over the beauties of this one of nature's masterpieces in the magnificent work with which her galleries are adorned.

Lovers of the beautiful and picturesque in nature should not pass unvisited these lovely falls."In Holland Patent village, on Wells Street, we found the house of Mr! Thomas

Fuller, whose wife is Orson Pratt's cousin.

In the cemetery we found monuments over the graves of many who had been intimate with my father in his childhood, and the memorial stones of many

A BATTLE.

of the name of Wells, among them my grandfather's, and that of his first wife.

Upon these stones are inscribed respectively their names and ages, when they died, and the following verses from the holy scriptures—the first a tribute from his orphaned children:

"It is the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our sight."And this, breathing the resignation of a sorrowing husband "Even so, Father, for so it seemeth good in Thy sight."Junius F.

Wells.

High Falls.

A BATTLE.

I saw a battle yesterday And would you have me tell The story of this fearful fray, And how it all befell?

Against the mists the sun made war

The foggy mists, you know, That in the morn by sea and shore

Their ghostly forces show.

The sun shot down his shafts of light

And pierced their ranks, and made

Them scatter into shreds of white

And flying bits of shade.

It was an utter rout, I ween The mists were vanquished foes,

No bugle called, no blood was seen,

I heard no clash of blows;

Yet in an hour the day was clear,

The sky triumphant shone While, from a bush that budded near,

The wind a flower had blown, Till at'my feet it lay, All white within the sun It was a flag of truce, to say

The fight was fought and won.

St.

Nicholas.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, November, 1891.

FALSEHOOD REFUTED.

The Latter-day Saints have been so repeatedly and generally misrepresented and maligned, that ordinarily little has been done by way of refutation.

Were the people to undertake to meet every lie uttered against them and set it right, they would devote the whole of their lives to it and then die without accomplishing the desired object.

But there are times when a refutation is necessary; when the whole people awake in earnestness to deny the misrepresentations of those who purposely and wilfully assail them.

The latest majority report of the Utah Commission was sufficient occasion for the demonstration which occurred at the

General Conference in the Tabernacle on

October sixth.

The majority of the Commission charge that the Church authorities dominate the people in political matters; that the people are political serfs; that plural marriages are still practiced;

that forty male persons entered into the relation of plural marriage, in 1890, and eighteen in 1891; that the dissolution of the People's Party and division on national party lines were tricks to secure statehood, and that the manifesto was insincere.

Thank the Lord there was at least one man on that board who refused to affix his signature to such a lying document.

These statements and others caused great indignation among the people, and after some enthusiastic talk, the conference adopted the resolutions following, which should be sufficient to satisfy any man, who is seeking truth, of the sincerity of this people:

Whereas, the Utah Commission, with one exception, in their report to the Secretary of the Interior for 1891, have made many untruthful statements concerning the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the attitude of its members in relation to political affairs; and, Whereas, said report is an official document and is likely to prejudice the people of the nation against our Church and its members, and it is therefore unwise to allow its erroneous statement to pass unnoticed.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in General

Conference assembled, that we deny most emphatically the assertion of the Commission that the Church dominates its members in political matters and that Church and State are united.

Whatever appearances may have been in past times of a union of Church and State, because men holding ecclesiastical authority were elected to civil office by popular vote, there is now no foundation or excuse for the statement that Church and State are united in Utah or that the leaders of the Church dictate the members in political matters; that no coercion or any influence whatever of an ecclesiastical nature has been exercised over us by our Church leaders in reference to which political party we shall join, and that we have been and are perfectly free to unite with any or no political party as we may individually elect;

that the People's Party has been entirely and finally dissolved and that our fealty henceforth will be to such national political party as seems to us best suited to the purposes of republican government.

Also, be it resolved, that we do not believe there have been any polygamous marriages solemnized among the Latter-day Saints during the period named by the Utah Commission; and we denounce the statements which convey the idea that such marriages have been contracted as false and misleading, and that we protest against the perversions of fact and principle and intent contained in the report of the Commission, and declare that the manifesto of President Woodruff forbidding future plural marriages was adopted at the last October Conference in all sincerity and good faith, and that we have every reason to believe that it has been carried out in letter and in spirit; and all statements to the contrary are entirely destitute of truth.

And be itfurther resolved, that we appeal to the press and people of this country to accept our united declaration and aid in disseminating the truth, that falsehood may be refuted and justice be done to a people continually maligned and almost universally misunderstood.

And may God defend the right.

THE IRRIGATION RESOLUTIONS.

The interest created in the movement for the reclamation of the arid lands of the west, by the late Irrigation Convention, should be kept alive by every one desiring the growth and prosperity of our

Territory.

There should be no cessation

MUSICAL NOTES.

of the demands of this region for aid in efforts to make the parched and barren lands productive and capable of supporting the desired population.

The people of this country are being forced westward and as the favored and naturally irrigated spots become occupied, settlers seek homes;in the dry districts which might be made to yield plenty to the toiler, could the streams be turned upon them.

The great expense necessary to accomplish this, causes the home seekers to look hopelessly toward the great rivers carrying their wealth of waters to the sea.

What vast tracts of land would be ready for occupation, were those waters turned upon them The appearance of desolation would be changed to beauty and loveliness; new cities would spring up like magic and thousands be supplied with homes.

Not only would this reclamation be a benefit to the nation by bringing up sturdy and honest citizens, and to the west by increasing its population and wealth, but the relief to the eastern congested cities would be great, taking away many who, having failed to make a living on the parched prairie, seek again the big cities for labor.

These considerations led to the convention of October 15th, 16th and 17th, and the brains of the whole west were brought together to consider the mighty problem of reclamation.

Happily this city was made the "place of meeting and the concentered ability of the west produced the resolutions following:

Resolved, That this Congress is in favor of granting in trust, upon such conditions as shall serve the public interest, to the States and Territories needful of irrigation, all lands now a part of the public domain within such States and Territories, excepting mineral lands, for the purpose of developing irrigation, to render the lands now arid fertile and capable of supporting a population.

Resolved, That it is the sense of this convention that the committee selected to propose and present to Congress the memorial of this convention respecting public lands, should ask as a preliminary to the cession of all the land in the

Territories in accordance with the resolutions of the convention, a liberal grant to said Territories and to the States to be formed therefrom, of the public lands to be devoted to public school purposes.

Resolved, That this Congress heartily endorse the irrigation work of the Agricultural Department of the National Government in the collection and dissemination of information; 'especially its admirable progress reports covering the whole field of irrigation development, and that it favors large appropriations for this work hereafter.

MUSICAL NOTES.

The Palace of Music at the Exposition, it is now expected, will stand on the great island formed by the lagoons, and will be surrounded by a magnificent garden of flowers, ten acres or more in extent.

The location is desired by Theodore Thomas, musical director of the Exposition, but has not yet been- finally passed upon by the Board of Directors.

The structure will measure one hundred and fifty by two hundred and fifty feet, and cost approximately one hundred thousand dollars.

Franz Von Suppe, the composer of "Boccaccio,""Lovely Galatea,""Fatinitza,""A Trip to Africa,"etc., etc., celebrated his silver wedding not long ago.

He is seventy-one years old.

At the last Handel Festival at the Crystal

Palace, London, the choir consisted of seven hundred and fifty sopranos, eight hundred altos, seven hundred tenors, and eight hundred basses, a total of over three thousand.

The band numbered one hundred and fourteen first violins, one hundred and six seconds, sixty-five violas, seventy-two violoncellos, sixty-one double basses, thirteen flutes, nine clarinets, fourteen oboes, twelve bassoons, three double bassoons, ten horns, seven trumpets and cornets, nine trombones, three tubas, three kettledrums, one grossecaise, and organ five hundred and three players all told.

Mr.

J.

A.

Butterfield died in Chicago recently.

He is best known to the public at large by his song "When you and

I were young, Maggie,"and his cantatas of "Ruth"and "Belshazzar."He was born in England, and served during the war as a band master in the Union Army.

THE BLOSSOMS CLOSE AT EVE.

PIZZACATO.

Cornetist:

"Would you like to hear me play 'For Ever and Forever?"

She:

"E-er, well, not quite so long as that.""Music hath charms to sooth the savage breast,"said the cannibal as he swallowed the trombone player.

One of the hardest things in public affairs is to keep the brass band from mistaking itself for the entire procession.

Bob:

"Don't you think the baritone's has voice unusually fine timbre?"

Tom:

"Yes, chords of it."'What would you do, John, if I got up in the middle of the night, as some enthusiasts do, to play the violin?""I would get up and play the hose."

THE BLOSSOMS CLOSE AT EVE.

SERENADE.

C. G. Rowe.

1st and 2nd Tenor.

1st and 2nd Bass.

J>P Franz Abt.

P ^l^^^=i The Its Mm bios - soms close at mel o - dy is M eve my love!

The sweat er, love!

When ft ft ft h p> «* «- Jfc -N--r ^£3 song bird seeks its nest;

heard at si lent night, ^e*t And Na ture, singing When meads and plains are £3 fct 2=£ P.

^m to re pose, Woos all faint ly lit By stars the world to rest, pale, trembling light.

The Its is lost beneath the wave, The sky o - quence is deep er still, Beneath -IVhas turn'd to the moon's pale

THE MANUAL PLAN.

-$—€- tp= m gray, ray, EJ Then come and hear Her cres - cent now thy lov er's song, is beam ing, love!

£ VAnd Then r^ P ^^m *^ fcf m* what that song come, my love!

t—*—N- will say;

a - way,—N-£S Then come and hear thy Her cres - cent now is 1^1 V \f \f Then come and hear then Her crescent now her dk=£ |pds pp 1E i ^s j=^H^—£~ lov er's song, beam ing, love!

And what Then come that song my love will say.

way.

££ &t- ±tr -r~r—^r n THE MANUAL PLAN.

At the beginning of the season's work of the Mutual Improvement Associations, a few hints and suggestions in regard to the use of the Manual may prove of value to the officers and members.

Some officers have expressed themselves as fearing to adopt the Manual on account of a lack of talent to carry out the work planned therein.

This is a great mistake.

The work laid out in the Manual can be easily accomplished, if the Associations will go to work earnestly and prayerfully, seeking the guidance of the Spirit of God.

The great point of superiority of the Manual over the promiscuous programs heretofore in use, lies in the fact that reference is made in each lesson to the text books, showing the exact chapter in which all the information necessary for the preparation of the lesson may be found, and therefore the student is not required to waste his time in an unguided search for material from which to prepare his "lecture or report."This feature places the "Course of Instruction,"within the reach of any Association.

To obtain the full benefit of the Course, it is very necessary that every member of the Association should read and study every lesson.

It is not sufficient to attend the meetings, and listen to the lectures, nor is it sufficient to simply prepare the lesson in which you are appointed to speak, but every member should prepare himself on each of the subjects planned in the Manual.

It was the intention of the compilers ot

THE MA A UAL

J'L.W.

the Manual 'that every subject should be carefully studied at home from the textbooks adopted (see latter part of Instruction two to Ward Presidents), and that brief lectures or reports on five of them should be given at each session of the Association.

The five intended for this weekly review are: Theology (Gospel), Bible, Book of Mormon, and New Testament History and Science.

As illustrating the practicability of this program, the reader is referred to the Association in the Fifteenth Ward, Salt Lake City.

This Association commenced work on the Manual plan on September 29th, and has completed the fifth lesson on each subject.

They have adopted the plan often-minute lectures on each of the five subjects before referred to, and prepare programs two weeks in advance, appointing a member to lecture on each.

The ten-minute rule has been rigidly enforced, and at the expiration of that time, the speaker has been "rapped down"by the presiding officer.

This has been found quite necessary, as the five reviews take up fifty minutes, which with the time occupied in opening and closing exercises, calling roll, reading minutes, and transacting business, fully occupies the ninety minutes allotted for the meeting.

The Manual provides for "refining, recreative exercises"(see third paragraph of Instruction Four to Ward presidents], but the regular progressive program has so far proven to be so thoroughly interesting, that it has not been found necessary to introduce any other features, nor has the time permitted.

The officers of the Association make it a point to open and close the meetings promptly on time, being convinced that more lively interest is created thereby.

The lecturers are required to confine themselves to the text given for the lesson, and are not permitted to pursue the subject beyond the subdivisions blocked out in the Manual, the subjects being treated progressively from week to weekThe officers met before the Association was called together for the season, and became thoroughly convinced of the excellence of the Manual plan, after carefully studying and discussing it, but they introduced it with considerable fear and trembling, yet seeking the blessing of God upon their endeavors, and they have met with success far beyond their expectations.

Several members are pursuing the entire course, carefully reading each week the matter laid out in that week's study, thereby training themselves in systematic reading, and storing their minds with theological, historical, scientific, and literary knowledge.

Every effort is used to encourage all the members to follow the example.and the attendance and interest \ are increasing with each meeting.

The officers of some associations have contended that it would be almost or quite impossible to induce the members to obtain the text books and do the home reading, but the success that has so early attended the efforts of the association we have been discussing, proves that this is not the case.

Without question, every officer, and especially every president, should be thoroughly converted to the Manual plan, and should use every effort ^to make it popular with the members of his association.

It is undoubtedly the duty of the officers to adopt this plan, and make every endeavor to carry it out, for it will be seen by reference to the letter of the General Superintendency to the Stake Officers, that such adoption is not optional with them.

They say:

"We take pleasure in introducing this Manual, part one, which, under our appointment and direction has been carefully compiled.

''You will therefore make it a guidefor this year3 s work, and each one not only become acquainted with, but practically apply the Specific instructions addressed to him."This appears to the writer to be final, and the counsel of the servants of God to the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, and in this, as in all other matters pertaining to the Latter-day Saints, success will attend every faithful effort made in obedience to the counsels of the

Priesthood.

Thomas Hull.

For Sick Headache, The most efficacious remedy is Ayer's Pills.

They stimulate the liver, cleanse the stomach and bowels, restore healthy action to the digestive organs, and thus afford speedy and permanent relief.

Those who have suffered for years from sick and nervous headache find Ayer's Pills to be an unfailing specific.

"Two boxes of Ayer's Pills cured me of severe heartache, from which I was long a sufferer."—

Emma Keyes, Hubbardston, Mass.

•'For the cure of headache, Ayer's Cathartic

Pills are the most effective medicine I ever used."—Robt. K. James, Dorchester, Mass.

"During several months past I have suffered from headache, without being able to find relief until I tried Ayer's Pills, which so much benefited me that I consider it my duty to publicly state tlie tact."—Mrs. M. Guymond, Fall River, Mass.

'• J have now used Ayer's Pills in my family for seven or eight years.

Whenever I have an attack of headache, to which I am very subject,

I take a dose of Ayer's Pills and am always promptly relieved.

I find them equally beneficial in colds; and, in my family, they are used for bilious complaints and other disturbances with such good effect that we rarely, if ever, have to call in a physician."—H. Voullieme, Saratoga Springs, N. Y.

"In 1853, by the advice of a friend, I began the use of Ayer's Pills as at remedy for biliousness, constipation, high fevers, and colds.

They served me better than anything I had previously tried."—H. W. Hersh, Judsonia, Arkansas.

"Headache, (o which lam subject, is invariably cured by a dose or two of Ayer's Pills."—George

Rodee, Homer, Cortland Co., N. Y.

"Ayer's Pills are the best I have ever used for headaches, and they act like a charm in relieving any disagreeable sensation in the stomach after eating."—Mrs. M. J. Ferguson, Pullens, Va..

"I have been affected, for years, with headache and indigestion, and though

I spent nearly a fortune in medicines, I never found any relief until I began to take Ayer's Pills.

Six bottles of these Pills completely cured me."—Benjamin

Harper, Plymouth, Montserrat, W. I.

"After many years'experience with Ayer's Pills as a remedy for the large number of ailmeats caused by derangements of the liver, peculiar to malarial localities, simple justice prompts me to express to you my high appreciation of the merits of this medicine for the class of disorders I have named."—S. L. Loughridge,

Bryan, Texas.

"During the past 28 years I have used Ayer's

Pills in my family for all derangements of the stomach, liver, and bowels.

They never failed to benefit."—Chauncy Herdsman, A. M., Business

College, Woodside, Newark, N. J.

Ayer's Pills, Prepared by DP.

J.

C. AVER & CO., Lowell, fclass.

Sold fr» al! Druggists and Dealers in Medicine.

DB PRICE'S Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit.

Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

•SflE-4* 3 QDffS^lfiilJO^ ESTABLISHED 1879.

YOI^IJ XIII the conclusion of the Twelfth Volume of THE CONTRIBUTOR (which is now bound and ready for delivery), its publishers extend thanks to the people for their extensive patronage, and take pleasure in announcing some of the new features to be introduced in early numbers and to be followed as rapidly as possible by others, which will not only maintain for the magazine its enviable reputation as the leading magazine of home literature, but secure for it a prominent place among the enterprising firstclass literary magazines of the country.

Columbus and the Discovery and Peopling of America: An Illustrated series of Historical Studies, to prepare readers for an appreciation of the Four Hundredth Anniversary and the great World's Fair at Chicago.

The Birthplaces of the Prophets:

A series of descriptive sketches made by Junius F. Wells.

During the present summer the author has visited Sharon, Windsor Co., Vermont;

Whitingham, Vermont;

Farmington, Connecticut; Potsdam and Trenton, New York, etc., etc., and will describe the scenes surrounding the birthplaces of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, George A.

Smith, Daniel H.

Wells, and others of the prominent leaders of the Church.

These papers will be handsomely illustrated.

Book of Mormon Lands and Cities:

By Joel Ricks, who has made a careful study of the travels of Book of Mormon peoples and of the ruins of their cities.

This series will be illustrated.

Colonial and Revolutionary Battle Grounds will receive the attention of Prof. J. M. Tanner, who is collecting views in New England and writing a number of sketches to accompany them.

Missionary Life and Experiences will be treated by representative Elders in Scandinavia, England and the Southern

States.

The Church Emigration, by Andrew Jenson.

This exceedingly valuable series will be continued.

Political Principles We have arranged for some papers from well-known exponents of Political Doctrines, which will give readers a comprehensive understanding of the principles anol

policies of the Republican and Democratic Parties, and be of great practical assistance to young men in forming political opinions and party connections.

Ill Fiction we shall present some original serials and short stories.

Narratives, Sketches, Poetry, etc, will be as interesting features of the future numbers as of the past.

Association Intelligence: We propose in this department to give the experiences and methods of the most successfu Associations working under the new MANUAL, and publish valuable correspondence on the subject.

This department will be open to Association workers, for questions and explanations.

$1000.00.

MUSICAL CONTEST.

$1000.00.

In June, 1892. there will be given a Musical Contest for $1000.00 in prizes, for both Instrumental and Vocal

Music.

THE CONTRIBUTOR will announce the particulars and conditions of this the Greatest of all Contests, from time to time, as necessity suggests.

The Music for the Vocal Contest will be published in elegant style in the Magazine.

The Magazine will be Enlarged by the addition of one hundred pages or more to Volume XIII, and in every way that the patronage of the people will justify shall we improve it, that it may be in all respects the representative of our people's progress and intellectual development.

Subscription:

The subscription is Two Dollars a year.

Binding Fifty Cents a volume.

For Two Dollars and TwentyFive Cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

We recommend every subscriber to order it this way.

The magazine is thus doubled in value, being read as it comes out, and still preserved, a record of the best thought of the times, which may be referred to in years to come with untold interest.

We are assured by subscribers, who have all the back volumes, that they would not part with them for any price.

Binding Volumes bound in cloth at cents each.

Missing numbers supplied to subscribers at 15 cents each.

Binding Cases for any volume, 25 cents each.

Fine Bindings, Half Morocco, gilt, $1.00 each;

Full Morocco, gilt, $2.00 each.

Bound Volumes; Complete sets, Twelve Volumes, cloth,.00 per set; Half Morocco, gilt, $32.00.

We will exchange any other Bound Volume for volumes 1, 2, and 4, unbound, if in good condition.

Special:

We have a limited number of large engravings of

Lieutenant-General Joseph Smith and of President Brigham Young.

Until our supply is exhausted, we will send a cop}^ of either to subscribers for Volume XIII. who pay $2.50 in advance (which also includes binding).

These engravings sell at $1.00 each.

Remit money by P. O. note, registered letter, or draft.

Stamps taken for amounts less than one dollar.

/^y^ Address, THE CONTRIBUTOR CO., Ws&@ Constitution Building, \P P.

O. Box 520.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

F{ITER B^OS. D^UG CQnjPAIJlJ, WHOLESALK AND KETAIL DRUGS, IgfeVARNISHES, PAINTS, iSl PUTTY, OILS, ^j3P BRUSHES.

flS~Orders given prompt attention and careful pricing.

IiOGAN, UTAHFRfl^KIilN, IDAHO.

WATCHES, DIAMONDS SilvefuiaPe, pdri^itijr^, \aeq Qurta\T)% U/ir>dou/ Shades, Etc.

[lardy, You 9^ & <?o.

.•.FIRST.-.<8Cpss.\ pa/T\i!y (Jroeeries, Dry Qoods, Boots apd 5*?oe55ou/p aijd <5ouijtry Jrad^ 5°''e'ted.

JJfMpY. - YOUJf<i -9 -CO., 2&-30 flf\aii?

St., Opp. Z. Q. /H.

L, Salt [aHe <5ity, 0.

j\. (H^RDY, (Haijager.

THE DESERET SAVINGS

BANK.

JJ]*HE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called £g to the Deseret Sayings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

Johk Shabp, President.

Moon Thatcher, Vice-President.

DIRECTORS.

B. A. Bmzih, Guhier.

Job* Sharp, H. Dinwoodey, J. R. Barweb, Eliab A. Smith, F. W.

Jnnrrjrai, Jams Shabp, L.

8.

Hiijls, D. H. Pkery, W. W.

Riteb, George Romjtet.

Moses Thatcher,J.

0. Ootler, J. T. LlTTLE.

BEST-SIX-CORD iffii 26 Elite, 28 Rita, 30 Rita, 32

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

Utah kmmmM tactohy, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

Sifou dBwmd of Sine @mtkw6.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the Territory

-EST^BLTSBdHltD 183«.

INSURANCE COMPANY.

FIRE ASSETS, PREMIUMS RECEIVED 1889, LOSSES PAID 1889, H.

J. GRANT CO., AGENTS, SALT LAKE CITY.

$19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 CROOKE & WARREN, Resident Managers, CHICAGO, ILLS.

U/m. Driver & Sop, yp; y:

Wholesale and Retail.

The Mogfe Reliable Di>ug fkge in the We^t IS THE FIRM OF Ogden, Utah MAli. ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION, GUtON LINE For QUEP^NSTOWNand LIVERPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kinsr St., New York, every Saturday.

^.MkOk 3,350 Tons \NNOVIWUGi 3.1\6 tons.

K\_KS\U\, 6.500 Tons.

l\R\Z0Uk 5 500 Tovr- \N\SC0US\U 3,120 tons.

IT^~*These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every lequisite to make the passage across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

The State-rooms are all on Deck, thus Insuring those greatest of •11 Luxuries at Sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $SO, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

A. M. UNDERBILL & GO.

Offices, JYo. 35, Broadway, New York

JBRO^W^IIVO BROS., 155 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE., OGDEN, UTAH.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GUNS, BICYCLES, FISHING TACKLE, LAWN TENNIS, BASE BALL AND CRICKET GOODS.

TheNewB aker GUK TENTS, HAMMOCKS, WAGON COVERS, FIELD GLASSES, BOOTS, SHOES, Etc., Etc.

Agents for the "American Rambler,"the highest grade Safety Bicycle made;

''Eclipse"Wheels Du Pout's Sporting and Blasting Powder; Safety Nitro and Atlas Powder Giant Caps, Fuse, etc., etc.

We sell a 24-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch, f35.00; and 30 inch for $45.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail free to any address.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES "THJ^ CENTURY."THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Nicholas for Young

Folks, issued by the same house, "are read bv every one person in thirty of the country's population."One great feature of The Century for is to be "THE GOLD HUNTERS OF CALIFORNIA,"describing that remarkable movement to the gold fields in '49, in a series of richly illustrated articles written by sutvivors.

The November Century begins the volume, and new subscribers should commence with that issue.

The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

"ST. NICHOLAS."The year 1891 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St. NICHOLAS."J. T. Trowbridge, Noah Brooks, Charles Dudley Warner, and many well-known writers are to contribute during this coming year.

One cannot put the spirit of St.

NICHOLAS into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1891 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

THE flEW EJMMJU) 11AGAZH1E.

Edward Everett Hale, D. D.,\gj.

John Myron Potter, Edwin D. Mead,.

J Manager.

An illustrated monthly Magazine, a current record of New England life and thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

$3.00 per year.

T&iJIoi, ^omnej, i^rngfoong Go.

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

F{ustio, piapl^, Joists, Rafters, Stymies, /T)ouldii)<$s.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

Soutli ^roxKkple ®t. # ««alt lattice City.

I Largest and most comJjOOKS 8LHQ plete Stock Wholesale and Retail.

Stationery.

Text Library and Mormon Books Specially.

76 S. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

sTHE^ JHhomgon <% Woi Spice fto.,-* SPICK 1 Fill EffllS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

ggggggg^ag RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAGO.!

-IT IS THE BEST.- TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN laokwill's Duham Tobacco The LARGEST SALE of any Tobacco in the World.

TOR PLEASURE, «OMF$RT,HEALTr SMOKE THE MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W^IBLSciataj* & Co.p^ BEARS THE Wife'.

OTHERPOPULAR BECAUSE RELIABLE-

M SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St, Chicago,: CONFECTIONERY

The Herald's Offers this Year!

EVERY SUBSCRIBER to the SEMI-WEEKLY HERHLD- Receives a Number in the great

J^tr&rrxitxxiok I3ist:rit}t:rtiorx

AS USUAL.

The Americanized Encyclopaedia Britannica,

THE LITERARY SENSATION OF THE AGE.

(Ten Volumes) can he had with one year's Semi-Weekly Herald for $23.00.

The books alone retail for $45.00.

Five dollars down and the balance in monthly instalments will secure the great work, the paper and a premium number.

Five, per ant discount for cask.

—Gold and Silver Watches given Free To those settling a certain number of subscribers.

An elegant $5.00 POLITICAL AND IT.

S. MAP-can be had with the Semi-Weekly Herald for $3.75.

Call and satisfy yourselves or ask your newsdealer for particulars.

Also NOTE THIS REMARKABLE OFFER.

You can get GENERAL GRANT'S MEMOIRS (2 volumes, the original $7.00 edition), the great COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE one year, the SemiWeekly Herald, and a premium number for $6.50.

See the Herald for further particulars.

H.

G. WHITNEY, Business Manager, B H. ROBERTS, Editor Semi-Weekly Herald,

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH.

HOM E F IR E O F U TAH POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powdej.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U.

S. Government Food Report.

THE STATE BflHK OF UTAHSALT LAKE CITY.

••«««•«••«««««««« CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, President.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M, WELLS, Cashier.

-PlRECTORS J0SKPH F. SMITH.

CHARLKS S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. ROWK.

XKPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H.CANNON. FRANK Y. TAYLOR.

SPENCER CLAWSON.

PHILO T. FABNSWORTH.

ELIAS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOUNG.

HENRY A. WOOLLEY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays 5 per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Go-operative Jteantile Institution, Salt Lake City,,mmBK^ Utah Territory.

Organized Oct., j868.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

OFFICERS:

President, Wilfokd Woodruff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. Webber;

Treasurer, A. W. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO.

and IDAHO FALLS Drug Dept., Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

W. H. ROWE, Assistant Supt.

C •I DIRECTORS:

Geo. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romney, J. R. Winder, H. Dinwoodey, P. T. Farnsworth, J. R. Barnes, W. H. Rowe.

MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

T. G. WEBBER, General Supt.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS.

60 Main Street, with State Bank.

J.

F. GRANT MANAGER