Thii number contains LIVING LIGHTS OF THE

AIR, by Prof.

ORIGIN OF PROFANE HISTORY, by Willard Done;

April, by S. W. Richards; LIFE OF ORSON PRATT, etc.

H EMIGRATION begins in May number.

I C7& i THE ONTRIBUTORAvnONTHLYAAGAZINE- &2 voLxn APRIL- 1891no e I?

i PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR • CO SALT • LAKECITY- UTAH'

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR APRIL, 1891.

PAGE.

Engraving: The New Model Frontispiece.

Life and Labors of Orson Pratt Milando Pratt.

Reminiscences of William C.

Staines Off for Slumberland Scandinavia.

II. Goteberg and Trollhattan, Edward H. Anderson.

Traditions of the Deluge, II.

Greek and other Traditio is J.

II.

Martineau.

The Fir>t Experience, I G.

L.

B. 217 The Origin of Profane History VVillard Done.

Spring, L. M, Hewlings.

To Have Thee Near, G. L.

I* 225 Living Lights of the Air,.- J.

E. Talmage.

The World Over, Ken. Denys.

22S The Bible.

I.*.

S. W.

Richards. 229 April, Josephine Spencer.

Editorial: Henry M. Stanley Music and Her Sister Song, H. W.

Naisbitt.

Association Intelligence.

Letter of the General Superintendency.

23S Music Competition, Music:

Proudly as the Eagle Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst.

Cashier.

Zior/s ^a\j\\)6s Ban, 3 & 5 <£>ao/fc ^avmple St., Salt iSa&e Qil'iy.

ESTABLISHED 1873.

INCORPORATED 1888.

DOES A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

DIRECTORS.

Wilford Woodruff, Prest., George Q. Cannon, Vice-Prest.,

Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Le Cvande Young, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Clawson.

Pays €> Per Cent.

Interest on Savings Deposits.

—==5 SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Boxes for Rent at Reasonable Charge, JWoney to Loan, ^ec^T at Itom Hates of Interest.

BROS*?

(Celebrated <2>orsets.

^^>HE merit and popularity gBp? of these Corsets is at- V$j/2$ tested by the fact that \22j7f over two million were <K?^ sold last year in this ^9 country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness I after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation.

They can always be recognized, for they have "Dr.

Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

m¥&& «WARNER * BROS.:

^Ve^w Yoirk: aitxci Chicago, SKHHKfi »»»»??»»»»»»»««« For Sale in Salt Lake City z. c M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets.

GOOD BOOKS

for LIBRARIES, Published by Harper & Brothers, New York.

CHAS.

CARLETON COFFIN'S WORKS.

Profusely Illustrated.

8vo., Cloth, $3.00 each.

Freedom Triumphant.

The end of the Rebellion.

Redeeming the Republic.

The Third Period of the War of the Rebellion In the year 1864.

Marching 1 to Victory.

The Second Period of the War of the Rebellion, including the year 1863.

The Orum-beat of the Nation.

The First Period of the War of the Rebellion.

Building the Nation.

The United States from 1783 to 1861.

The Boys of '76.

The Battles of the Revolution.

Old limes in the Colonies.

From the Discovery of America to the War for Independence.

The Story of Liberty.

From the Signing of the Magna Charta to the Settlements at Jamestown and Plymouth.

Morley's(John) English Wen of Letters.

38 volumes, 12mo., each 75 cents.

GIBBON.

BURKE.

CHAUCER.

SHELLEY.

MAOAULAY.

DE QUTNCEY.

MILTON.

FIELDING.

LAMB.

DEFOE.

JOHNSON.

BURNS.

SOUTHEY.

BUNYAN.

WORDSWORTH.

BYRON.

BACON.

COLERIDGE.

POPE.

SCOTT.

, GOLDSMITH.

DRYDEN.

SPENSER.

LOCKE.

SIDNEY.

DICKENS.

GRAY.

OOWPER.

HUME.

THACKERAY.

LANDOR.

SWIFT.

SHERIDAN.

BENTLEY.

STERNE.

ADDISON.

KEATS.

HAWTHORNE.

People s Edition. 36 vols. in 12.

16mo, $12 Henry Mayhews'Stories.

Illustrated.

vols., 16mo., Cloth, $1.25 each.

BOYHOOD OF MARTIN LU- I YOUNG BENJAMIN FRANKTHER.

LIN.

WONDERS OF SOEENCE.

PEASANT-BOY PHILOSOPHER.

John G. Edgar's Works.

Illustrated.

vols., 16mo., Cloth, $1.00 each.

BOYHOOD OF GREAT MEN.

HISTORY FOR BOYS.

FOOTPRINTS OF FAMOUS MEN.

Paul B. ]>n Chaillu 5 vols., 12mo., Cloth, $1.50 each.

THE GORILLA COUNTRY.

LOST IN THE JUNGLE.

WILD LEFE UNDER THE MY APINGI KINGDOM.

EQUATOR.

| COUNTRY OF THE DWARFS SEA KINGS AND NAVAL HEROES.

WARS OF THE ROSES.

s Stories.

Illustrated.

THOMAS W.KNOX'S WORKS.

THE "BOY TRAVELER"SERD3S.

Each Volume Octavo, Cloth, $3.00.

Illustrated.

In Mexico.

In China and Japan.

In Siam and Java.

In t'eylon and India.

In Egypt and the Holy Land.

In Africa with Stanley.

In South America.

On the Congo.

In the Russian Empire.

In Australasia.

In Great Kritain and Ireland.

Young Nimrods in X.

America.

8vo., Cloth, $2.50.

Young Kim rods in Europe, etc.

8vo., Cloth, $2.50.

The Voyage to the North Hole.

8vo, $2.50.

BOOKS OF ADVENTURE.

Young Illustrated.

Naturalist.

12mo., Cloth, Ben-Hur:

A Tale of the Christ.

By Lew Wallace.

12mo., Cloth, $1.50.

Samuel Kmiles's Works:

SELF-HELP.—CHARACTER.—THRIFT.—DUTY.—

MEN OF rNVENTION.—LIFE AND LABOR.

12mO., Cloth, $1.00 per volume.

ROUND THE WORLD.—A SCOTCH NATURALIST.

A SCOTCH GEOLOGIST JAMES NASMYTH, ENGINEER.

12mo., Cloth, Illustrated, $1.50 per vol.

GEORGE AND ROBERT STEPHENSON.

Illustrated.

8vo., Cloth, $3.00.

HUGUENOTS.—HUGUENOTS IN FRANCE.

CrOWn 8vo, Cloth, $2.00 per vol.

John Bonner's Child's Histories.

Illustrated.

16mo., Cloth, $1.25 each.

GREECE, VOlS.

ROME, 2 VOls.

THE UNITED STATES, 3 VOlS.

Indian History for Young Folks.

By Francis S. Drake. Profusely Illustrated. Square 8vo., Cloth, $3.00.

Cast Up by.he Sea.

By Sir Samuel Baker.

Illustrated.

12mo., Cloth, $1.25.

Stories of the Old Dominion.

By John Esten Cooke.

Illustrated.

12mo., Cloth, $1.50.

The Adveutnr* s of Reuben Oavidger:

Captive among the Dyaks of Borneo. By James

Greenwood.

Illustrated.

8vo., Cloth, $1.25.

Science for the Young.

By Jacob Abbott.

Blustrated 4 vols., 12mo., Cloth, $1.50 each.

HEAT.—LIGHT.—WATER AND LAND.—FORCE.

From the Forecastle to the Cabin.

By Captain Samuel Samuels.

Illustrated, pp. 324.

12mo., Cloth, $1.50.

City Boys in the Woods;

or, a Trapping Venture in Maine.

By Henry P.

Wells.

Illustrations.

8vo., Cloth, $2.50.

"What they learn about the arts of trapping and hunting adds interest and value to the entertaining narrative."Camp Life in the Woods, and the Tricks of

Trapping.

By W.

H.

Gibson.

Illustrated.

16mo., Cloth, $1.00.

Macau lay's History of England.

Duodecimo Edition.

5 vols., $2.50.

Green's (J.

R.) Short History of the English People.

Maps.

8vo., $1.20.

Gibbon's History of Rome.

6vols., 12mo., $3.00.

A complete descriptive list of Harper & Brothers'1 publications {with Index) will be sent by mail post-paid, on receipt of Ten Cents.

Adventures of By Lucien Biart.

$1.75.

Nearly every scene or event of interest which occurred to the explorers is made the subject of a spirited picture, the whole furnishing a rich repast to the young and curious reader.

Interior,Ghlcago.

An Involuntary Voyage.

By Lucien Biart.

Illustrated.

12mo., Cloth, $1.25.

A most enchanting story for boys.

Pittsburg Telegraph.

Voyages of a Merchant Navigator of the Bays that are Past.

By H. W. S.

Cleveland.

12mo., Cloth, $1.25.

Fathers who wish to show their boys of what stufi the American seaman and merchant was made in former [idays, can do no better than to buy this biography.

Christian Intelligencer, N. Y.

The Startling Exploits of 'Dr.J. B.Qui< s From the French of Paul Celiere.

Profusely Illustrated.

Crown 8vo., Cloth, $1.75.

All France and most of Europe has laughed over the adventures of Dr. Quies.

N. Y. Tribune.

Abbotts'Illustrated Biographies.

By Jacob Abbott and John S. C. Abbott.

The Volumes of this Series are printed and bound uniformly, and contain numerous Illustrations and

Maps.

16mo., Cloth, $1.00 per volume.

CYRUS.

DARIU8.

XERXES.

ALEXANDER.

ROMULUS.

HANNIBAL.

PYRRHUS.

CESAR.

OLEOPATRA.

RICHARD I.

RICHARD II.

RICHARD m.

CHARLES I.

CHARLES II.

CORTEZ.

HENRY IV.

LOUIS XIV.

HORTENSE.

MARGARET OF ANJOU QUEEN ELIZABETH.

MARIA ANTOTNETTE.

MADAME ROLAND.

LOUIS PHILDPPE.PETER THE GREAT.

GENGHIS KHAN. JOSEPH BONAPARTE.

KTNG PHTT.TP.

WILLIAM THE CONJOSEPHINE.

QUEROR.

NERO.

MARY QUEEN OF ALFRED.

SCOTS.

BEjVIIS OPHfl BAG GO.

Burlap Irpporb^rs,^ -^Ba<£ Manufacturers, 614, 616, 615 SOUTH 11IH STREET,

OMAHA* NEB.

Best Goods. Prompt Attention. Lowest Prices.

P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries,"Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies!"«*"4rt*tH»"tl"«i*««v«>#"ht*%^«tf»*w#*k#a%«*%*»W*** e^jst te^j^fTvIS sor. ui n Lnu TaiJIor, ^omnefl, J^mgtfong Go.

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

Rustic, pianl(, Joists, Rafters, Stymies, /T\ouldii}$6.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

Sotitli Temple St., Salt L,oh:e City.

B. F. & H. L. SWEET, -MANUFACTURERS OF- **: "COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS, 'M "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

Co=operative Wagon and Machine

Co., General Western Agents.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES

"TUBS OE^tVTXXRY."THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Nicholasfor Young

Folks, issued by the same house, "are read by every one person in thirty of the country's population."One great feature of THE CENTURY for is to be "THE GOLD HUNTERS OF CALIFORNIA,"describing that remarkable movement to the gold fields in '49, in a series of richly illustrated articles written by sutvivors.

The November Century begins the volume, and new subscribers should commence with that issue.

The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

* "ST. NICHOLAS.''The year 1891 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St. Nicholas."J. T. Trowbridge, Noah Brooks, Charles Dudley Warner, and many well-known writers are to contribute during this coming year.

One cannot put the spirit of ST.

NICHOLAS into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1891 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine rosts $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East.i7th Street, New York.

» THB> P^E^W E^GIyAIVD JVIiVO^V^ir«:jB?.

Edward Everett Hale, D. D., \ Editors

JOHN Myron Potter, Edwin D. Mead, I Manager, An illustrated monthly Magazine, a cunrent record of New England life and thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

#3 00 per year.

7) H Z as o o a r, "CORTICELLI."ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, These are the spools, in blue and in fed, Made for the smoothest, strongest of thread} The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli"built.

C. H. SAMPSON, Agent.

o o g w r C H r P3 Ww ffl

PerfectEquipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANOA.

MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

The Finest and Largest Variety of 1^/edding (^ards B^- Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

^eretyant prii)tii)<£ Company, JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

Manager.

-29 W. South Temple St., C A T T T ATn? PTT\ Nearly opp. So. Temple Gate.

Oiil^l -L/iVlVHi till.

To Consumers of Pure Lard.

To meet the increasing demand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers throughout Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City, for ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS CITY, MO.

[or Reading Classes, Libraries, Etc., Etc.

THE HEROES OF THE NATIONS.

.

Biographical studies of the lives and the work of certain leaders of men about whom have gathered the great traditions of the Nations to which they belonged, and who have been accepted as types of the several national ideals.

Edited by Evelyn Abbott, Balliol College, Ox. Large 12 mo., fully illustrated;

each, cloth extra, $1.50; half mor. $1.73.

I. NELSON AND THE NAVAL SUPREMACY OF ENGLAND:

By W. Clark Russell, author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor,""The Life of

William Dampier,"etc., with the collaboration of Wm. H. Jaques, late U. S. N.

II. GUSTAVUS AOOLPHUS, AND THE STRUGGLE OF PROTESTANTISM FOR EXISTENCE: By C.

R.

L.

Fletcher, M.

A., late Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.

III.

PERICLES, AND THE GOLDEN AGE OF ATHENS: By Evelyn

Abbott, M. A., Fellow of Balliol College,

Oxford.

Author of "A History of Greece "etc.

IV. THEODORIC THE GOTH, THE BARBARIAN CHAMPION OF

CIVILIZATION:

By Thomas Hodgkin, author of "Italy and Her Invsdcrs ** gtc.

THE STORY OF THE NATIONS.

A series of graphic historical studies.

Each narrative is complete in one volume, small 8vo, profusely illustrated, and containing maps and plans.

Price per volume, cloth extra, $1.50;

half leather, gilt top, $1.75.

The latest issues are:

XXXI. THE STORY OF SWITZERLAND: By R. Stead and Mrs. Arnold

Hug.

XXX. THE STORY OF SCOTLAND: By James Mackintosh, LL. D.

XXIX THE STORY OF THE JEWS UNDE.i ROME: By the Rev. W.

Douglas Morrison.

POPULAR WORKS of WASHINGTON IRVING.

WA HINGTON AND THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION, 12 mo. $1.50.

THE LIFE OF COLUMBUS, 12 mo.

$1.50.

THE SKETCH BOOK, 12 mo., illustrated,.- $1.25.

The LIBRARY of AMERICAN BIOGRAPHY.

Fully illustrated, i2mo., each, $1.75.

I.

ROBERT FULTON AND STEAM NAVIGATION:

By Thomas W.

Knox.

II. THE LIFE OF GEORGE WASHINGTON STUDIED ANEW: By

Edward Everett Hale.

III. THE LIFE OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN: By Noah

Brooks.

TALES OF HEROISM.

By E.

S. Brooks.

Octavo, fully illustrated, each I2.00.

I.

HISTORIC BOYS: Their Endeavors, Their achievements, and Their Times.

II.

HISTORIC GIRLS:

Stories of Girls who have Influenced the History of their Times.

III.

CHIVALRIC DAYS AND YOUTHFUL DEEDS.

PREHISTOKIC AMERICA: By Marquis de Nadaillac. Translated by N. D'Anvers, author of "A History of Art."Edited with notes by W. H. Dall.

Large 8vo, with 229 illustrations.

New, popular edition, $2.25.

"His book is one which no anthropologist should be without.

It gathers into one critical and incredulous volume all that is most solid, sure, and trustworthy in the whole realm of American

Archseology.

Pall Mall Gazette.

*#* Illustrated Lists of Books for Young People, prospectuses of the Nations,

Heroes and Nuggets Series sent on application.

G.

P. PUTNAM'S SONS, New York & London

ESTABLISHED 1838.

Ultf£RPOOU $ UONP0N $ GlOH INSURANCE COMPANY.

FIRE ASSETS, PREMIUMS RECEIVED 1889, LOSSES PAID 1889, H.

J. GRANT CO., AGENTS, SALT LAKE CITY.

$19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 CROOKE & WARREN, Resident Managers, CHICAGO, ILLS.

. U/m. Driver 9 S09, oy>; y:

Wholesale and Retail.

The Mo0t Reliable Drug flouge in fche We^t IS THE FIRM OF \2VIMC. J>RIVJB>R «Sfe SON, Ogden, Utah.

MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

GKJIOlNr LUNTE For QUEP^NSTOWNand LIYEEPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kiner St., New York, every Saturday.

ULNJK^K 3,350 Tons NNNOUWAGi 3.1\6 \ous.

M_KS\U\. 6.500 Tons.

KRYLOUk. 5 bOO Tow \N\SC0US\N 2,,TZ0 Tons.

%& "These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make the passage across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

The State-rooms are all on Deck, thus Insuring those greatest of all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadumy, New York,

A. M. UNDERBILL & 00.

MOSES THATCHER

BARN ARD WHITE, F. R. SNOW, GEO. A.SNOW, Prest.

Vice-Prut.

Sec. & Treat.

Gen. Mgr.

^oi^solidat^d Implement (^o.

Headquarters for Wagons, Buggies & Farm Machinery.

<%\00 CASH WILL BUY THIS BUGGY> x> 0) Cflaxm D x I CO >zD cnHmmr The following are a Few of the Principal Goods we Carry:

cooper:fwr;m: wagons, 3MOIrfIJ?IM£!F*oc«.:r-iSj3ri:«.g; Mouiatain Wagons, "Porter"Road Carts; McCormick Mowers, Reapers, and Binders;

Scott Full Circle All Steel Hay Presses;

Nichols & Shepard "New Vibrator"Threshing Machinery;

"Jay-Eye-See"Sulky Plows, "Canton Clipper"and J.

I. Case Steel and Chilled Plows,

Harrows and Cultivators; "Planet Jr."Garden

Tools; Press and Grain Drills;

Combined and Independent Seeders, Fanning Mills, Feed Cutters, Etc.

"We make a Specialty of BUGGIES and carry the Celebrated U. S. Carriage

Co.'s Fine Buggies (of Columbus, 0.) and D. W. Haydock's of St. Louis.

Send for Special Prices to Consolidated Implement Co., Houses at Salt Lake Oity, (Joden. Looan and Miliara\ Utah.

Ufxt <l,,dm r< 'ii /.v,, (/(it

THE NEW MODEL

Vol.

XII.

APRIL, 1891.

No.

6.

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

The first Sabbath services, after the arrival of the Pioneers, were held July 25th, 1847, within the encircle of the encampment.

It was here these brave God-fearing colonists assembled for public worship, and in their expressions of gratitude to the

Almighty God who had led them out of captivity to a land destined for the gathering of the Saints, they failed not to acknowledge His goodness in preserving every soul, from the time they left the Missouri River until their arrival at the Great American Basin in the midst of the Rocky Mountains.

Like the former day Israel and not unlike the pilgrim fathers, were these gallant Pioneers, in their remembrance of the duties of the

Sabbath.

On this day, for the first time in the valley, the sacrament of the Lord's

Supper was administered and partaken of by the whole congregation, followed by remarks from Elders Wilford Woodruff,

Orson Pratt, Willard Richards, Lorenzo D. Young, John Pack and others.

Elder Pratt gave a powerful address from the following text:

"How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace;

that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation;

that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!

Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice;

with the voice together shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord shall bring again Zion."(Isaiah hi:

7, 8.) Appropriating this text to his sermon, Elder Pratt proved that these words of Isaiah were being literally fulfilled in the fact that the Saints were now being located in the valleys of the mountains.

Preside'nt Young, though still feeble, gave a few timely'remarks, exhorting the brethren to keep holy the Sabbath day;

that they must not work on Sunday; that they would loose five times as much as they would gain by it.

None were to hunt on that day.

He also said, that no man who came here should buy any land that he had none to sell but that every man should have his land measured out to him for city and farming purposes.

He might till it as he pleased, but he must be industrious and take care of it.

On Tuesday, July 27th, the Twelve, accompanied by Samuel Brannan and several others, started, about nine o'clock a ni. on an exploring expedition.

"We directed our course west,"says Orson Pratt.

"Two or three miles brought us to a river called the Utah Outlet.

It is about six rods wide and three feet deep at the ford; gravel bottom;

its current is not very rapid, and the water not quite so transparent as the mountain streams generally in this valley;

its course is north towards the Salt Lake, into which it empties.

About thirteen miles further, across a level prairie, with here and their the bed of a lake, now perfectly hard and dry, we came to a north point of a range of mountains which forms the western boundary of this valley.

At the foot of these mountains, at the north point, there is a stream of fresh water; very little brackish.

We halted here a short time for the horses to feed.

About six miles further west, following the emigrant trail, brought us to the Great Salt Lake, which here made up near the base of the mountains. We all bathed in the water, which is fully saturated with

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

salt;

its specific gravity is such as to buoy us up in a remarkable manner; the water is very transparent; the bottom is sandy.

We continued on about four miles further when we reached a valley (Tooele Valley) putting up to the southward from the lake.

This valley we judged to be about twelve miles in diameter.

On the south, there was a small opening, which we supposed might be a continuation of the valley, or an opening into a plain beyond.

It was nearly dark, and we concluded to return to the place of our noon halt, where we encamped for the night."

The next day, July 28th, the exploring party traveled about ten miles south, along the eastern base of the Oquirrh mountains; they found a barren country and no water.

Orson Pratt ascended a ridge about three miles south of a point where the company halted for noon, from the top of which he could see Utah Lake.

Striking eastward across the valley, they returned to the main camp, having traveled during the day, thirty miles.

They saw on this trip about one hundred goats, sheep and antelope.

After returning from this trip, the brethren were more satisfied than ever that they were already encamped upon the spot where their contemplated city should be built.

Soon after their return to the camp, President Young called a council of the Quorum of the Twelve.

There were present:

Brigham Young, Heber C.

Kimball, Willard Richards, Orson Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, Geo. A.

Smith, Amasa Lyman and Ezra T.

Benson.

They walked from the north camp to about the center between the two creeks, when President Young waved his hand and said:

"Here is the forty acres"(which was afterwards changed to ten acres) "for the temple.

The city can be laid out perfectly square, north and south, east and west."It was then moved and carried that a block be laid off for the Temple, and that ihe city be laid out into lots of ten rods by twenty each, exclusive of the streets, and into blocks of eight lots, containing ten acres in each block, and one and a quarter acres in each lot.

It was further moved and carried, that each street be laid out eight rods wide, and that there be a sidewalk on each side, twenty feet wide, and that each house be built in the center of the lot, twenty feet from the front, that there might be uniformity throughout the city.

It was also moved that there be four public squares of ten acres each, to be laid out in various parts of the city for public grounds.

After the Twelve had passed upon the business before them, the whole camp came together at eight o'clock, upon the Temple ground and passed the vote unanimously; and, when the business part of the meeting was closed, President Young arose and addressed the assembly upon a variety of subjects.

In his remarks he said that he was determined to have all things in order, and righteousness should be practiced in the land.

They had come here according to the direction and counsel of Brother Joseph before his death; "and,"said the President, "Joseph would still have been alive, if the Twelve had been in Nauvoo when he re-crossed the river from Montrose."During his remarks, President Young observed that he intended "to have every hole and corner, from the Bay ofSan Francisco to Hudson's Bay,known to us."At this meeting the Apostles were appointed a committee to lay off the city.

Thursday, July 29.—The Mormon Battalion detachment, under the command of Captain James Brown, numbering one hundred and forty men, accompanied by about one hundred of the Mississippi Saints, who traveled with the Battalion from Pueblo, arrived, which greatly added to the strength of the Pioneer camp, increasing the number of souls there to about four hundred.

President Young, with the Pioneer brethren, having mounted their horses and gone out to meet the detachment, returned at the head of the companies and marched into camp with martial music.

The soldiers appeared in military order.

There was great rejoicing at the meeting between the brethren of the Pioneers and the Battalion boys.

The following morning, the Twelve met in council with the officers of the

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

Battalion, and in the evening a general meeting of the camps was held.

President Young, who spoke upon this occasion, eulogized the soldiers of the Battalion.

He considered that they had been the means of saving the Saints from destruction, by the sacrifice they had made in enlisting in the services of their country according to the requisition made by the United States Government.

Saturday, July 31.—A bowery, about forty feet long by twenty-eight wide, was constructed on the Temple Block by the

Battalion brethern.

This was built to accommodate all the members of the camp who would assemble on the morrow for worship.

During the day about twenty Shoshone Indians, with several squaws visited the camp, and commenced trading with some of the brethren, when a dispute arose between two of the young warriors, who commenced fighting very fiercely.

After a gun stock and a pole had been broken over each others head by themselves, they were finally separated.

As a result of eight days labor, Colonel Markham reported fifty-three acres plowed, thirty-five acres of which were planted with buckwheat, corn, oats, etc.

; eight acres in another lot, with corn, potatoes, beans, etc., and four acres of a plowed ten acre lot, with garden seeds.

-Corn, covering about three acres, was already up about three inches above ground, and some beans and potatoes also began to appear.

Besides this, much other work had been done, such as making a road to the timber, hauling timber for a boat, making and repairing plows, etc.

Sunday, August 1st.—At ten o'clock A.

m.

the Saints assembled under the bowery on the Temple Block.

Alfthe Apostles were present except President

Young, who was again sick.

Heber C.

Kimball advised, that if a guard was not already out around the cattle, one be placed immediately, as the Indians had left camp very suddenly in the morning without assigning any reasons.

The assembly was addressed by Orson

Pratt, the substance of which is as follows:

''It is with peculiar feeling I arise before so many of the Saints in this uncul"tivated region, inhabited by savages.

My mind is full of reflections on the scenes through which we have passed, after being brought through the desert of sage to this distant land.

God's ways are not as our ways.

It is not well that the Saints should always forsee the difficulties they have to encounter.

We expect the revolutions to take place, which are foretold in the Book of Mormon and

Doctrine and Covenants, and we are to congregate among the remnant of Joseph.

We did think that our wives and children would be built up among the strongholds of the Gentiles, and that we should be as missionaries to them, by dwelling in their midst.

But Jehovah had different purposes.

He designed that the Saints should be brought out almost as an entire people and the Book of Mormon could not have been fulfilled, if the Saints had not left the Gentiles; for when the Gentiles should reject the Gospel, it was to be taken among the Lamanites.

As long as the Gospel, the Priesthood and the main body of the Saints remained with them, the fulness of the Gospel was not taken away from the Gentiles; hence our removal hither is one of the greatest events that has ever taken place among this people.

I feel thankful, as one of the

Twelve, for the privilege of coming as one of the Pioneers to this glorious valley, where we can build up a city to the Lord.

Isaiah says, in speaking of Zion, that it shall be called 'sought out,'a city not forsaken.

(Isaiah lxii:i2.) If ever there was a place sought out, it is this.

We have inquired diligently and have found it.

This cannot refer to Jerusalem, but to this very place, point and spot that the

Pioneers have found, where a city shall be built unto the Lord, where righteousness will reign and iniquity not abound.

Isaiah and Joel both spoke very plainly on this subject:

'It shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the tops of the mountains.'In what part of the earth could it be established better than in this place, where this congregation is now gathered

In the midst of the spurs of the mountains, we have

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

found a place large enough to gather thousands of the Saints.

You may travel through Europe, Asia, Africa, and America, but you cannot find a place higher in altitude than this, whereany people can raise crops and sustain themselves.

The house of the Lord will indeed be established in the tops of the mountains,when we shall have one reared here.

The Lord himself must give the pattern of such a building, and give directions to His servants concerning its details.

I verily believe I shall see such a houre reared here, and behold thousands flocking to it, to learn the way of salvation; and desire to live and see thousands of the Saints raise their voices in praises to God in this consecrated land.

Isaiah says, 'He that walketh righteously shall dwell on high; his place of defense shall be the mountains of rocks; bread shall be given him; his waters shall be sure.'Isaiah xxxii 15-16.) Isaiah was on the Eastern continent when he spoke this, and was'referring to a very distant place.""It will be pretty difficult to get a ship of war up to this place. When we get used to this healthy climate, the people will grow in strength and vigor, and sickness will cease to trouble them.

The wilderness shall become a fruitful field and a fruitful field as a forest.

The time will come when the great Jehovah will cause springs of water to gush forth from the desert land and cause it to bring forth in abundance, while the curse of God shall rest upon the lands that the Gentiles have defiled.

Isaiah speaks of the heritage of Joseph being in a high place.

We are here more than four thousand feet above sea level, and the high mountains will 'catch the hail,'and we be preserved in a low place.

We will not feel discouraged, but stand bold and fearless in the strength of our God, who will bless and prosper us in these mountains, if we will but keep His commandments."The next morning—Monday August 2nd—Elders Orson Pratt and Henry G.

Sherwood commenced surveying the city, beginning with the Temple Block; but as the chain was somewhat out of repair, it was concluded to wait untill a standard pole could be brought from the mountains, by which it could be tested.

Although the day was very warm the whole camp was full of life and activity.

Some of the brethren commenced making adobes.and towards evening Elder Kimball's teams returned from the mountains with some good house logs and poles for measuring.

At a former decision of the Twelve, forty acres of land were reserved for the Temple Block, but when the survey was commenced the tract appeared so large that it was finally reduced to ten acres.

Friday, Aug.

6.—All of the brethren of the Twelve, who were present at the camp, renewed their covenants with the Lord by re-baptism.

President Young went down into the water and baptized the following named brethren in their order, viz:

Heber C. Kimball, Orson Pratt, Willard Richards, Wilford Woodruff, George A.

Smith, and Amasa Lyman.

He then confirmed them and sealed upon them their Apostleship, and all the keys powers and blessings belonging to that office.

Elder Heber C.

Kimball baptized and confirmed President Brigham Young.

This they considered a great privilege and a duty, as they had been led and preserved by the hand of God into a "glorious valley to locate and build up Zion."In the afternoon Prof. Orson Pratt made an observation, and found the latitude at the northern boundary of the Temple Block to be 40 45'44"and the longitude iii° 26 / 35. // The next day a dam was built in the creek, a short distance above the camp, in order to bring the cool refreshing stream of water around and inside the camp.

About noon a terrible whirlwind struck the camp and did considerable damage.

In the afternoon the*Twelve went to the Temple Block to select their inheritances.

President Young chose a block east of the Temple grounds, and running southeast, upon which to settle his friends around him;

Heber C.

Kimball a block north of the Temple Block;

Orson Pratt, south and running south; Wilford Woodruff, a block cornering the Temple 'Block on the southwest, and adjoining Orson Pratt's on the west;

George A. Smith chose the block joining

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

on the west side of the Temple; Amasa

Lyman took a block running forty rods below on the south of Wilford Woodruff's.

It was supposed that Willard Richards would take his on the east, near President Young's, but subsequently the eastern portion of the block selected by Orson Pratt was divided with him, as also the remaining west half of Orson Pratt's block was subsequently divided with his brother Parley P.

Pratt and his cousin John Van Cott, reserving only to himself the northwest corner lot.

Early in the evening, the Twelve accompanied by quite a number of the camp, repaired to the place in City Creek where the brethren had built the dam, and Elder Heber C.

Kimball baptized fifty-five members of the camp, for the remission of their sins; they were confirmed under the hands of President Young, Orson Pratt, Wiford Woodruff, George A.

Smith and Amasa Lyman;

President Young being mouth.

The day following—being the Sabbath—two hundred and twenty-four of the Saints renewed their covenants before the Lord by baptism, making a total of two hundred and eighty-four,—the whole of the camp,—who had been re-baptized during the last three days.

In the afternoon, the Sacrament was administered, and at the close of the meeting, one hundred and ten men were called to go into the adobe yard, and seventy-six volunteered.

The following days of the week were busily occupied by the brethren in making adobes, building houses, surveying the city, and in other labors. Orson Pratt took observations and ascertained the height of the Temple Block to be four thousand three hundred feet above the level of the sea, as deduced from the mean of eleven barometrical observations taken on different days.

Barometrical height of the east side of the Temple Block above the right bank of the Utah Outlet (Jordan River) due west of the Temple

Block, sixty-five feet.

From the Temple Block, up City Creek, about one mile to the northeast, by the barometer, the water fell two hundred and fourteen feet.

About three miles to the northeast from the Temple Block up City Creek, as indicated by the barometer five hundred and fifty-four feet.

Barometrical height near the base of Ensign Peak above the Temple Block, eight hundred and sixty two feet.

The summit of Ensign Peak above the Temple Block, one thousand and eighty-one feet.

Second hill northeast of Ensign Peak, one thousand five hundred and ten feet.

Height of mountain northeast of Ensign Peak, above the Temple Block, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine feet.

Height of Twin Mountain Peak above the sea level, eleven thousand two hundred and nineteen feet. Height of Twin Mountain Peak above the Temple Block, six thousand nine hundred and nineteen feet.

Distance from the Temple block to a conical peak near the north end of the western range of mountains as determinsd by the sextant, sixteen and a half miles.

Towards the end of the week some twenty houses had been commenced.

These first houses were built on the east line of the stockade or fort, subsequently know as the Old Fort, in the Sixth Ward.

As some of the Pioneers and soldiers of the Battalion began to get quite anxious concerning their families at Winter Quarters, and were desirous of starting back as soon as possible, it was decided to start the ox teams on the return trip the following Monday, and preparations were made accordingly. William A. King constructed a new roadometer which could tell the distance traveled for one thousand miles, without keeping any account.

This new machine was modeled after a plan or design given by Prof.

Orson Pratt, who, according to President

Young's request, gave the subject his attention, which resulted in the completion of this useful machine to be used on the return trip to Winter Quarters.

After giving a full description of this simple piece of ingenuity, Prof.

Pratt says:

"This machine (which may be called the double endless screw) is simple in its construction, and of very small ^bulk, requiring scarcely any sensible additional power, and the knowledge obtained respecting distances, in traveling, will cer-

2o6 LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

tainly be very satisfactory to every traveler, especially in a country but little known.

The weight of this machine need not exceed three pounds."

Sunday, August 15.—At ten o'clock A. M. a meeting was held in the bowery.

President Young preached a most interesting discourse on the "law of adoption,"the death of Brother Crow's grandchild, who had been drowned a few days previous in City Creek, giving occasion for the same.

The death and funeral of this little child was the first that had occurred in the valley.

In the afternoon the congregation was addressed by Elders Heber C.

Kimball and Orson Pratt.

In the evening, those of the Pioneers and Battalion, who were expecting to start back to Winter Quarters with the ox teams on the morrow, met at

President Young's tent and received their instructions.

The following day, most of the wagons going to Winter Quarters with ox teams started and traveled to the mouth of Emigration Canon, where they waited until the next morning for the remainder of the company.

The following day they were joined by the remainder of. the company, and soon after resuming their journey conjointly, they were overtaken by Heber C. Kimball, Willard Richards and others from the Pioneer camp in the valley.

After Brother Kimball had given them some timely advice and necessary instructions, they continued their journey, and Brother Kimball and escorts returned to the valley.

The brethren in the valley continued to labor in the various avocations assigned them, and by the twentieth of August, the laying out of the city was completed.

The first survey consisted of one hundred and thirty-five blocks, each containing ten acres.

The blocks were subdivided into eight lots of one and a fourth acres each.

The streets were made eight rods wide includingthe sidewalks, which were each twenty feet wide.

There were four public squares including the Old Fort block.

On Sunday, August 22., a special conference of the Church was held at the bowery on the Temple Block commencing at two o'clock p. m.

This conference, which had been appointed at the forenoon meeting, was convened for the purpose of transacting impor'ant business of the

Church previous to the Pioneers leaving for Winter Quarters.

There were present of the Twelve, Brigham Young, Heber C.

Kimball, Wilford Woodruff, Amasa Lyman, Willard Richards and Orson Pratt.

At this special meeting the city was named "The Great Salt Lake City,"and the post office "The Great Basin Post Office,"the river west of the city was named "The Western Jordan,"the large creek flowing into the city was called "City Creek;""Red Butte Creek,""Canon Creek,"(afterwards called Emilgration

Creek,) 'Big Canon Creek,"(now Parleys Canon) and "Mill Creek"also received their respective names.

President Young moved that a president be appointed to preside over the people in the valley, and that there be a

High Council, and all other necessary officers appointed.

All this business was done by motions which were seconded and carried unanimously.

The brethren were all invited to speak their minds freely, so that everything that should be done, might prove beneficial to those present as well as those who should soon arrive.

Much valuable instruction was given at this special conference.

Those of the Pioneers who were expecting to return to Winter Quarters were advised to get ready as soon as possible.

Heber C.

Kimball in his closing remarks said:

"Let us discourage the spirit of alienation and be united.

I wish to God we did not have to return, and I would give a great deal to have my family here now.

This is a Paradise to me, and one of the loveliest places I ever beheld.

I hope none of us will be left alive to pollute this land.

I would rather die than act as inconsistent as many have in times past."

President Young moved that the conference adjourn until October 6th, 1848.

after which Orson Pratt offered the benediction.

Several days were spent in making preparations for the departure of the company which was to return, and on Thurs-

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM

C. STAINES.

day, August 26th, the Twelve and others who were destined for Winter Quarters, started on their return.

The whole camp consisted of one hundred and eight men, thirty-six wagons, seventy-one horses and forty-nine mules.

They frequently met passing trains of Saints upon the plains, who were wending their way to the valley of the Great Basin.

Occasionally these Saints, when met, were encouragingly instructed and counseled by the Twelve and other brethren, and although much hardship and fatigue were endured by this returning Pioneer company, not a man had died, nor a horse or mule lost, except through carelessness.

About an hour before sunset on October 31st, the company, with President Young and the Twelve at their head, drove into Winter Quarters, in order.

The streets were crowded with people, who had come out to meet and shake hands with the Pioneers, as they passed through the lines, and the "weary travelers truly rejoiced to once more behold their wives, children and friends, after an absence of six months, in which time they had traveled over two thousand miles, sought out a location where the Saints could dwell in peace, and accomplished one of the most interesting and important missions of this dispensation."Milando Pratt.

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM C.

STAINES.

From this time up to the fall, everything appeared to prosper with the people.

The fields were filled with growing crops of wheat and corn.

A large number of good houses were being built. The

Temple had over one hundred men em-, ployed upon it—all of which gave an abundance of work for those who needed it.

The Prophet Joseph would preach to us, as well as the Apostles, who, being filled with the spirit of their calling, inspired our hearts, and filled us full of gladness.

Rumors were continually in circulation, that writs were out for the arrest of some of our leaders; and occasionally a posse of mounted men would come to the city professing to have authority to arrest some one, but generally went away without them.

Our city was builing up so fast, and the people so prospered in their labors, that our enemies became jealous of us.

Large farms were being cultivated for miles east of the city, by the Saints who had but recently left their native soil to gather with the people of God.

In the spring our enemies published all manner of false reports about the Prophet Joseph, concerning the power and influence he had over the Saints. A number of missionaries were called to go to every State in the Union; most of the

Twelve were appointed to go to the States and to England, to preach the Gospel, gather the Saints, and remove prejudice as much as possible.

At this time a great many of the people were sick with fever and ague; money was scarce;

the farmers had an abundance of corn, but this was worth but ten cents a bushel in store pay.

I remember Brother Benbow, who lived a few miles out of the city, telling me that he put fifty bushels of corn into his wagon, hitched on three yoke of oxen, took it to town and sold it lor a pair of boots valued at five dollars.

I worked myself for fifty cents a day and was glad to get it in store pay.

I often have thought of the first offer I had to work after my arrival.

As I was going along one afternoon, passing a new house that was just having the chimneys finished, one of the masons asked me to help mix mortar for him, for which he would pay me potatoes.

I felt a little indignant at the offer, made some excuse, and passed on.

I soon after wanted potatoes, and found them difficult to get with my kind of pay—work. This learned me my first lesson on labor and wages, and I never after refused anything I could use for my work;

at times I worked for my board and lodging, and was glad to

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM C STAINES.

get it rather than be idle, and would do the same to-day were I in need;

but I have seen many of our young men refuse work in these valleys unless they could get high wages and cash for their labor, and remain idle for months in consequence.

I hope my young readers will remember my first experience in this regard and never refuse a job of work when unemployed, on account of the small amount offered.

If it is the best you can do, take it and you will find by so doing you will be far better off than those who refuse such offers, for such are too often seen at the corners of our streets, idling away their time.

On the twenty-seventh of June, the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum were murdered in Carthage Jail and President John Taylor received four bullets in his body, but afterwards recovered.

I doubt much whether these brethren ever would have gone to jail had the governor of the state not promised them protection, for the Saints all knew that they would be killed if not protected, as our enemies had been heard to say that "Joe Smith"would be killed in less than a year, and I heard the Prophet Joseph say myself that they, the mobs, were anxious to spill his blood.

The governor failed to protect them, and a mob of masked men accomplished the bloody deed. The news soon spread through the town and county.

I was in St. Louis at the time the news arrived and well recollect my feelings.

I could not speak to the party who informed me, for nearly a minute.

I learned immediately that it was reported that Carthage, Nauvoo and

Quincy, and the country around were in danger of being destroyed with all the inhabitants by the Mormons who already were making preparations to start the work of revenge.

This was false! A company of volunteers were raised the next day and left for Quincy.

While this was being done the Saints in Nauvoo were mourning over their martyred prophet and patriarch, who by this time had reached the city of Nauvoo.

It was a terrible loss to the relatives and Latter-day Saints;

and none can imagine the sorrow and grief of the people but those who witnessed the scenes when their bodies were brought to the city for burial.

It was not the mourning of a family only, or of a few friends following a dear relative to the grave.

I have seen England mourning for two of her kings, and for the husband (Prince Albert), of the present Queen Victoria, in London, when every shop was closed;

when every church bell tolled; when every man who drove a coach, cab, or conveyance of any kind had a piece of crape tied to the handle of his whip. Accompanied by Bro.Amasa Lyman,

I rode for miles through the city of London while the burial servics were being performed at Windsor Castle.

It was » indeed a solemn sight I have seen this nation mourn for its chief magistrate Lincoln, but the scene in Nauvoo at the time mentioned, was far more affecting than these.

The grief and sorrow of the Latter day Saints were heartfelt.

It was the mourning of a whole community, of many thousands—all of whom revered these martyred brethren as their fathers and benefactors; and the sight of their bleeding bodies—for their blood had not ceased to flow as they lay in their coffins—was a sight never to be forgotten.

The mourning I witnessed for kings, and our nation's chieftian was only here and there manifested by tears; but for the two who suffered for their religion and their friends, the whole people wept in going to and from the scene;

all, all were weeping.

OFF FOR SLUMBERLAND.

Purple waves of evening play Upon the western shores of day,

While babies sail so safe and free.

Over the mystic Slumber Sea.

Their little boats are cradles light;

The sails are curtains pure and white;

The rudders are sweet lullabies;

The anchors soft and sleepy sighs.

They're outward bound for Slumberland,

Where shining dreams lie on the sand.

Like whisp'ring shells that murmur low

The pretty fancies babies know.

And there among the dream-shells bright,

The little ones will play all night,

Until the sleepy tide turns, then

They'll all come sailing home again.

St. Nicholas.

SCANDINAVIA.

GOTEBORG AND TROLLHATTAN.

There is pleasure in sailing on the seas when they are calm, but the sight of high waves is bes't enjoyed on land—or on a picture.

Our good old ship steamed down the Cattegat one moonlight night, when the autumn winds, that blow over the North Sea and scour the rolling hills of Jylland, swept with swift fury over the waters.

It was a night in the latter part of September.

Off and on, the heavy clouds parted, enabling the sheen of the full moon to spread a pathway of light far over the dancing waves, until the moon and waters seemed to meet in the fancy-built horizon.

The water-laden mists sped before the wind, and, at intervals, completely hid the evening luminary, or were silvered, by its mellow light, with fantastic belts and streaks of indescribable brightness.

The wind in the shrouds of the vessel sounded with song and whistle, like a distant forest storm.

With each strong gale the lower deck was swept with from one to four feet of water.

Huge seas washed over the smokestack and hurricane deck, tipping the vessel from side to side, virtually cradling her in the deep.

To the right hand, twinkle the lonely lights on the sandy shores of distant Denmark;

to the left, lies G6teborg,and the glittering lighthouses on the rock-bound and skSrgardprotected coast of Sweden. We bear on!

The engine strokes keep time to the rocking of the vessel, battling, like a living thing, against the mad waves, which now and then, as if angry that their speed should be stayed, break in heavy masses against the steel sides of the good ship, sweeping her decks and drizzling over all the white- cap spray.

Standing in shelter on the slippery boards, clinging to the bars of the hatchway, and gazing upon all this, none but a veritable stoic could avoid exclaiming, if he could not feel: "O, what a poem!"The splendid sight certainly repaid the trouble of such a roundabout journey to Copenhagen, which, it must be admitted, none but a novice would undertake. Whoever heard of a person going to Copenhagen via Grimsby, the North Sea, Skagerack, Cattegat, "Oresund and Malmo!"

Sweden, though not boasting sublime fjords like those found on the coast ot Norway, has inland scenery possessing picturesque landscapes and grand waterfalls not less worthy of admiration.

The approach from Cattegat to Goteborg lies through a charming labyrinth of islands or little holms—peculiarly named around this country, skargard. The city of Goteborg itself is situated on Gota Elf, or river, on the west coast of the country, where this great river empties into upper

Cattegat, and has often been termed ''the Liverpool of Sweden,"to which pseudonym it is justly entitled, as far as the sea trade of the country is concerned.

Its railroad facilities and accommodations are the best in the country. The different roads connecting it with southern Sweden, Stockholm, and the east, Christiania and the north, make it the natural shipping and distributing point for the regions round about.

Gota Elf is the outlet of the beautiful Lake Vennern, and is one of the most picturesque rivers in the kingdom.

Lake Vennern, which is the largest lake in the country and the third largest in Europe, is delightfully situated, being'surrounded by fjords, woods, pinedecked hills, and pleasant valleys.

It is fed by wonderful rivers from the unoccupied or sparsely settled regions of the central and northwestern districts, that find an outlet at the south or southwestern extremity of the lake, through this river which flows in a southwesterly direction to Gfiteborg, forming, a short distance down, and about seventy-two kilometers* from Gflteborg, the famous falls of Trollhattan.

This river is no inconsiderable avenue of trade to the city, as steamers are continually coming and going, connecting it with inland cities, villages and manufactories.

It is the west portion of that great Swedish water course—the Gflta Canal—that connects Goteborg through lakes Vennern and Vettern, with the Baltic Sea and Stockholm.

The river, which in- *A kilometer is a little more than 6-10 of a mile or 3280 10-12 feet.

SCANDINA VIA.

eludes the canal around the Trollhattan

Falls, with its fifteen sluices, is ninetyseven kilometers long, from its source in the lake, to Gfiteborg, and about six thousand vessels sail over it, and through the canal and sluices, each year.

The foundation or establishment of the city dates back to 1619, when Gustaf II.

Adolph commanded the inhabitants in the region round about where it is now situated, to move from surrounding places and build up Goteborg.

An old city of the same name had been established as early as 1607, by Karl IX., but this was destroyed in 1612 by the Danes.

Since the rebuilding, on a new site, nothwithstanding it has been the scene of many conflicts between the Norwegians, Swedes, and Danes, and that it has witnessed many fires and destructive pestilences, Goteborg has steadily grown in importance until it now promises to become the greatest business city in Sweden.

The old division of the city is built after the pattern of cities in Holland, there being numerous canals that cross each other in different directions.

These are navigable by small vessels and are crossed by twenty bridges, the largest four of which are particularly interesting, on account of their structural arrangement.

Around the valley in which the city is situated, are abrupt and often rocky hills, many of which are clothed with a variety of thrifty trees, although one will not find timber hereabouts, as in other parts of the country.

During the summer months, when the hills and glens are coved with a thick matting of grass and with their innumerable numbers of wild flowers, and when the trees have been robed in their mantles of green, it would be difficult to find a more beautiful or more romantic place to lose one's self in, than the Slottsskog Park, which lies near this city.

Large trees of different kinds, native to the region, in their natural arrangement, are here found.

Winding walks for long distances around, have been laid out with here and there, as one goes, a bed of flowers, and here and there, nestled among the trees, a beautiful fresh water pond, upon which the swan "proudly floats with arched neck."Here are seats upon every hillside, a dance floor upon the highest peak, overlooking the whole region, where the young people dance about the May pole and select their queen of May; here are grassy plats, walks, shades, rills, glens, wild flowers, underbrush—nature and art mixed in delightful fashion or standing apart as if inviting comparison.

On the south side of the city proper, between the old city and the additions on the south and west, is a series of parks which form a magnificent semi- girdle of flowers, shade and green, right in the virtual center of the city, and which, with their walks, form a delightful promenade where the visitor will find no difficulty in studying the style and street character of both the wealthy and the less financially pretentious Gfiteborgian.

In this matter of parks and beautiful promenades, G6teborg holds a praiseworthy position, and this is, for that matter, a pleasant characteristic of all the Scandinavian municipalities, from the king cities, Copenhagen and Stockholm, to the smallest in the realms.

Not the least agreeable feature about this is, that the people take time to enjoy their parks and promenades.

In this girdle of green, separating the old and new Goteborg, in a division called Kungsparken, is found a famous bronze statue of "Baltespannarne,"a fine art creation of the Goteborg sculptor, J.

P.

Molin.

It represents two brothers, buckled tightly together by a belt around their waists, battling with knives for life.

On the pedestal, the story of the trouble is told in four bas-relief engravings.

The cause appears to be jealousy over a woman whom both love, and the result is death to them both.

These engravings represent:

"The Jealousy,""The Challenge, ''The beginning of the Quarrel, and the "Sorrow of the Woman."The English population of Goteborg has encouraged the suburban residences, and, as a result, these are numerous, especially in the southern and eastern portions of the city, erected by, the wealthier classes.

It is a self-evident fact, that no city can become great without manufactories.

SCANDINAVIA.

These are not lacking here, for in this city are extensive institutions for the manufacture of cotton and linen goods, glass, sugar and paper; besides, there are many foundries and machine shops for the building of steamers and the manufacture of agricultural implements.

There are also a number of fine churches and theatres, an extensive museum, and a very good beginning for a fine art gallery;

an excellent system of waterworks, hospitals, asylums, and other public and privates evidences of enterprise.

The public and private school houses are numerous and beautiful.

The worldfamous slfljd schools of Sweden are well represented here, besides which, technical and high schools and gymnasiums are found in abundance.

All these advantages and improvements are gladly shown to strangers by the enthusiastic GOteborgian, who is proud of his city, and, as other Swedes say, especially in Stockholm, of himself.

The city has direct cable communication with England, and daily connection with the continent, by steamer to Frederikshavn in Denmark.

There is besides a continual going and coming of steamers from other parts of Sweden, from Norway, Denmark,

England, Holland, and Germany, and not infrequently the flags of all these nations may be seen in her harbor.

Everybody who sees GOteborg desires, of course, to see the Trollhattan Falls.

It is safe to say that a more enjoyable trip than a boat ride up the river, it would be difficult to take.

It gives one time to study the everchanging face of nature spread out to view in all her northern beauty, on every side.

Each curve of the river reveals new and beautifully picturesque situations that charm, enthuse, refresh.

After a sail of four or five hours, during which time the boat has stopped at many landings to load and unload merchandise, and products of the soil, we turn to the right and find the steamer nearing the first sluice of the canal.

It sails into an opening, on a level with the river, seven and a half meters* wide, and three meters deep, set with solid stone *One meter is 39.37 inches in length.

masonry on each side, and a ponderous gate is closed behind her.

The gate above the vessel is now opened, and the water, rushing into the lowef sluice, raises it to the height of the lower floodgate.

The vessel is now moved forward, and the first opened gate is closed behind it, after which the gate above is opened, and the operation is repeated until the top is reached.

In going down, the gate ahead is always thrown open and the vessel sinks with the escaping water, to the next one ahead.

So one sees a forest of masts and smoke-stacks of vessels slowly making their way terrace-like over the hills until they reach the junction of the canal and river, just above the falls, at a distance of a little more than half a mile from the starting point.

Formerly, the canal here had only eight sluices, but since it was widened in 1844, it has had eleven.

The old sluices which were blasted in the solid rock are yet standing, and are used for smaller vessels.

The whole is a wonderful piece of work.

It appears that as early as 1516 the building of a waterway between Vernnern and Cattegat was mooted, and while a few minor efforts were made towards its establishment, none of the plans were carried out until the year 1716, when the work was begun in earnest, but soon came to a termination upon the death of Carl XII.

In 1742, the work was resumed; and the first sluice was finished, some distance above the falls, at a place called Carlsgrave, in 1753.

In the meantime, work was progressing at the falls, at what is called Polhem's sluice, which was to be sixty-three feet deep, so that at one raise the ship might pass two falls; but m I 755. when the work was only half finished, a lot of floating timber was let down the river, presumably by an enemy, which destroyed the immense dam in course of construction, by which accident capital lost confidence in the project, so that work had to be further discontinued.

The present plan for passing the falls was afterwards adopted, and all the wealth expended in the first effort was lost.

The unfinished sluice, into whose dark depths the waters ceaselessly tumble with deafening roar, remains, a wonder to visi

SCANDINA VJA.

tors, and a monument to the conquered genius of its originator.

Finally a new company was organized in 1793, and on the fourteenth day of August, 1800, the Trollhattan canal was completed after nearly two hundred years of talk and work.

This was only the beginning, however, to the immense work necessary before the great waterway across the country could be opened.

In 1810, the eastern divisions, from Lake Vennern to the Baltic and Stockholm, which are said to be even more beautiful and imposing than the Trollhattan division, was begun, and notwithstanding great difficulties, brought about by financial trouble and wars, was completed and opened on September 26th, 1832, enabling Cattegat and theBaltic to shake hands across the lands.

While the steamer is making its slow progress up the canal, which requires about two hours, there is ample time to walk up the banks to the village which lies at its source.

All around are groves of pines, birch, and a variety of trees called lonn.

The country viewed from one of the surrounding hilltops, appears very much like a scene from the summit of the Wasatch mountains, looking east.

Stretching away as far as the eye can gaze, hills upon hills covered with woods are spread to view.

A peculiarity of the scenery here is that it appears grander than it really is; and so, on one of these hills one experiences[all the sensibilities of standing upon a high mountain.

What appears to be dim distance, upon investigation generally proves to be close proximity.

What an imposing sight, to watch the ships sinking or rising, appearing or disappearing behind the hills and trees

It is no less impressive to gaze upon the mighty river with its ponderous volume of waters thundering over the falls and rapids, its banks of rocky cliffs rising abruptly on either side, then sloping, pine-clad, to the summits above.

The scene is weird, and certainly gives some excuse for its name, Trollhattan—the cap of the witch.

It is one of the most splendid views in Sweden, combining as it does the rich and varied beauties of northern nature with the workmarship of the daring genius of man.

Of course the sagas do not neglect mentioning this wonderful spot, and early in time the legend relates how a certain giant had robbed another of his bride, the fair Agne.

The former missed his maiden, and made haste to seek her, finding her in the latter's house at Trollhattan, A combat ensued in which the robber of the fair Agne was assisted by a witch, while the giant bridegroom had no assistance save his "three good pair of arms."The robber was overcome, and seeing him fall, the stolen Agne, who seems to have been a willing victim in the theft, threw herself headlong into the foaming torrent and was lost forever.

The weird nature of the surroundings made a deep impression on the people's fancy, and even now, out of fear, women will not walk on certain paths alone after dark.

The falls, which measure five thousand feet in length, including the rapids between them, are imposing, not so much from their height as from the volume of water that passes over'them, which some one has estimated to be equal in strength to two hundred and twenty-five thousand horse power.

There are six in number, the first being twenty-six feet high, the second thirty- five feet, the third twenty feet, and the remaining three somewhat lower.

They are called respectively, beginning at the upper one, Gullo-Toppo—Stampestrom—Helvetes—Olide—and

Flottsberg—falls.

The second one is the grandest of them all.

Immediately opposite this, lies a little island to which an iron bridge has lately been built, and from which the whole situation may be viewed at a glance to the best advantage.

A large cave, said to have been the abode of robbers in former days, but which is now inaccessible, lies directly opposite this island; over the cave is a high rocky cliff called the "Tailor Peak,"from the fact, of course, that a tailor who was sentenced to death on account of some misdeed, was promised life if he could sit on the protruding peak and sew a suit of clothes.

He had nearly accomplished the feat, which all thought impossible, when he became drunk with joy, as it were, over his success, lost his

TRADITIONS OF THE DELUGE.

balance and fell, like Agne, headlong into the thundering falls, illustrating evidently the old adage, "There is many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip;"or, perhaps, this new one, "Don't get excited."

Opposite the third fall, the Polhem sluice is situated, and near it, the "Kings'Grotto,"a wonderful smooth hollow in the solid rocks upon whose sides a number of the kings and queens of Sweden have caused their names to be engraved—not the worst method of courting fame.

Further down the stream there are a number of deep, round grottoes shaped like inverted cones, hollowed out of the solid rock by some mysterious process of nature.

On the left is a church in Gothic architecture, built for the benefit of the workmen by the Canal Company, which is very beautiful when compared with the dismal old churches of Catholic times, so common over all the land.

Near by, upon a hill, is a tourists'hotel, from which a fine view may be obtained of the city, with its manufactories of paper, wood-pulp, flour, machinery, and lumber, lining the river near the falls.

Down the stream we have "The Lovers'Path,"winding in and out among the gray rocks and moss-bedecked trees, here and there crossed by brooklets singing down the glens.

Up the river is a large open valley, spread over with red peasant houses, a grand railway bridge spanning the river, and the new iron bridge across the falls—all giving life and animation to the scene, since it shows that industry and agriculture flourish in the regions round about.

With the roar, and the dash, and the foam of the thundering water masses on one side, and the soft, mellow song of the woods on the other, the spirit of nature, proud in the knowledge of her unfettered majesty, here speaks forth to man her unwritten language over hill and dale, in tones of unmistakable power and loveliness, fully understood by the pulsation thrills of her inspiration. These are the works of our God.

Edward H. Anderson.

TRADITIONS OF THE DELUGE.

GREEK AND OTHER TRADITIONS.

The ancient Greeks had two legends of the deluge, the first of which states that the deluge occurred in the time of King Agyges, who was the most ancient of the kings of Attica, and whose epoch is lost in the mist of past ages.

In brief, it is said that in his time the whole earth was covered in a flood, whose waters reached to the clonds;

and that he and some friends escaped from drowning, by means of a vessel.

The Thessalian legend of Deucalion is the second Greek story of the great deluge.

In this account it is said that Zeus, or Jupiter, chief of all the gods, became angry with the people of the world, and determined to destroy them by a flood.

Prometheus instructed Deucalion, his son, to build a coffer or box, in which to escape the coming flood.

Deucalion built the coffer or box, and when the flood came, entered it with his wife Pyrrha, and floated on the waters of the flood nine days and nights, when their vessel grounded on Mt. Parnassus, in Greece. Deucalion and Pyrrha then left their vessel, built an altar and offered a sacrifice, and then repeopled the earth by throwing stones behind them which became men.

Ancient Greek authors say that in this deluge the whole human race perished except Deucalion and Pyrrha.

In memory of this great event, the Athenians for ages observed a ceremony called Hydrophoria, and offered sacrifices to appease the souls of those who perished in the flood.

A fissure or crack in the earth near the Temple of Zeus was shown, which was said to have swallowed up the waters of the flood; and once a year, upon a day dedicated to mourning for the dead, toward the beginning of March, the priest poured water into the fissure

TRADITIONS OF THE DELUGE.

to commemorate the former swallowing up of the flood.

The ancient peoples of Megaros, Dodona, Cos, Rhodes and Samothracia all had traditions of a general destruction by a flood from which only a few escaped.

The ancient Magi of Persia had a tradition of the drowning of all the earth by a flood, the waters of which flowed from the oven of an old woman;

and the Mahometans have one much like it.

The Koran states that the flood issued from an oven, and says, "All men were drowned save Noah and his family; and then God said 'O earth, swallow up thy waters; and thou, O heaven, withhold thy rain, 'and immediately the waters abated."

The ancient Welsh and Scandinavians had also their traditions of a deluge, but we will not present them in this article, preferring, instead, to refer to various flood traditions had among various tribes of Indians, of North and South America.

"It is very remarkable,"says a celebrated writer, "that in America we find traditions of the deluge coming infinitely nearer to that of the Bible and the

Chaldean religion than among any people of the Old World "He endeavors to account for this by asserting that America was peopled by men from Asia, by way of the Aleutian islands, and by other hypotheses, but none of his reasons are conclusive, even to himself, and he leaves it as a question still to be answered.

Had he read and believed the Book of Mormon the whole subject would have been perfectly clear to his mind;

but neglecting this true and only source of information, he, like many others who have vainly tried to solve the mystery, are left to wander in doubt and darkness.

A Latter-day Saint can easily see why the traditions of the Indian nations, relative to the deluge, come so near the truth.

Lehi not only brought with him to America the tradition of the deluge, but he brought also the record of Moses and other inspired writings, wherein the story of the great event is given in plainness and simplicity.

And although the sons of Lehi became divided, and enemies, yet, as all had obtained this knowedge from the same source, their traditions, although more or less changed and altered in time, would agree in the most important particulars.

This we will see strikingly illustrated when we read the various traditions had among all these tribes and nations.

The Mexican traditions of the deluge are very important, and were recorded by them long before their country was visited by any whites from Europe.

In the Mexican records, the Noah of the deluge was named Coxcox; by some of the Mexican tribes he was called Teocipactli or Tezpi.

He saved himself and his wife Xochiquetzal in a vessel; or as some of the tribes believed, by a raft of cypress trees.

Paintings, showing the deluge of Coxcox have been found among the Aztecs, Miztecs, Zapotecs, Tlascaltecs and Michoacaneses the last named tribe having a tradition still more striking in its conformity to the story of the Bible and of the Chaldeans.

It states that Tezpi (Noah) embarked in a large vessel with his wife and children, animals and grain.

When the great god Tezcatlipoca determined that the waters should retire, Tezpi sent forth a vulture from his ship to see if any land was in sight; but the bird, finding the earth covered with the carcases of the dead, remained to feast upon them and did not return to Tezpi.

He then sent out other birds, one after another, none of which came back to him except a humming bird, which brought to Tezpi a leafy branch.

Tezpi, seeing the green leaves which had grown since the retirement of the waters, knew that the flood had abated, and with his companion and the beasts, left the vessel upon a mountain of

Culhuacan.

The Mexican document called the "Codex Vaticanus"from the library where it is preserved, consists of four symbolic pictures, representing four ages of the world.

They were copied at Chobula by Pedro de los Rios, a Dominican monk in the year 1566, from a manuscript antedating the conquest of Mexico by the Spaniards.

Neglecting the first three, we will speak of the last of these pictures, which refers to the deluge.

It

TRADITIONS OF THE DELUGE.

states that the worRl was visited by a great deluge, from which none escaped but one man and his wife; Matlalcueye, goddess of water, and Tlaloc, god of rain, are shown descending upon the earth;

Coxcox and Xochiquetzal, the two saved, are shown floating upon the trunk of a tree in the midst of the ocean.

The "Codex Chimalpopoca,"translated by the Abbe Brasseur de Bourbourg, states that a deluge occurred in which all mankind were changed into fish except a man named Nata and his wife Nena. The god Tittacahuan warned them, saying: "Make no more wine of Agave, but begin to hollow out a great cypress, and you will enter into it when in the month Tozontli the water approaches the sky."They made their boat, entered in, and the god closed the door upon them saying, "Thou shalt eat but one ear of maize, and thy wife one also."After floating a time, their boat became stationary, and they emerged, caught fish, built a fire by rubbing together two dry sticks, and proceeded to cook their fish.

The legend continues,: "The gods Citlallinicue and

Citlalatonac, instantly looking down said:

'Divine Lord, what is that fire that is making there?

Why do they thus smoke the sky?

At once Titlacahuan-Tezcatlipoca descended. He began to chide, saying:

'Who has made this fire here?

And, seizing hold of the fish, he shaped their loins and heads, and they were transformed into dogs."The latter part of this legend is very fanciful, but the main fact remains—the two who are named were the only survivors of a deluge, and that, by a vessel which they built in obedience to a warning from the gods, or heavenly beings.

The "Popol Vuh,"the sacred book of the Central Americans, thus tells the story of the great deluge:

"Then the waters were agitated by the will of the Heart of Heaven (Hurakan) and a great inundation came upon the heads of these creatures.

They were engulfed, and a resinous thickness descended from heaven; the face of the earth was obscured, and a heavy darkening rain commenced—rain by day and rain by night.

There was heard a great noise above their heads, as if produced by fire.

Then were men seen running, pushing each other, filled with despair;

they wished to climb upon their houses, and the houses, tumbling down, fell to the ground; they wished to climb upon the trees, and the trees shook them off; they wished to enter into caves, and the caves closed before them.

Water and fire contributed to the universal ruin at the time of the last great cataclysm which preceded the fourth creation."

The native Mexican historian, Ixtlilxochitl, gives the following as the Toltec version of the flood; the Toltecs being the people who preceeded the Aztecs in Mexico; by some modern antiquarians, the Toltecs are supposed to be the Mound Builders of North America, or Jaredites.

Ixtlilxochitl says:

"It is found in the histories of the

Toltecs that this age and first wortd, as they term it, lasted years;

that men were destroyed by tremendous rains and lighting from the sky, and even all the land, without the exception of anything, and the highest mountains, were covered up and submerged in water fifteen cubits (Caxtolmolatli); and here they added other fables of how men came to multiply from the few who escaped from this destruction in a 'toptlipetlocale;'that this word nearly signifies a close chest, and how, after men had multiplied, they erected a very high 'zacuali,'which is to-day a tower of great height, in order to take refuge in it, should the second world be destroyed.

Presently their languages were confused, and, not being able to understand each other, they went to different parts of the earth.""The Toltecs, consisting of seven friends, with their wives, who understood the same language, came to these parts, having first passed great lands and seas, having lived in caves, and having endured great hardships in order to reach this land;

they wandered one hundred and four years through different parts of the world before they reached

Hue-Hue- Tlapalan, which was in Ce Tecpatl, five hundred and twenty years after the flood."(See Kingsboroughs'

2l6 TRADITIONS OF THE DELbGE.

"Mexican Antiquities,"Vol.

9, pages 321-322.

This tradition, as related by Ixtlilxochitl, the Indian, a native of Tezcuco, was taken by him from the archives of his family, and the ancient writings of his nation.

Its agreement with the story in the Bible, is remarkable.

We see not only the destruction of the world by a flood which, as Moses relates, covered the earth with a depth of fifteen cubits, and the saving of a few in a floating chest or ark, but that subsequently their descendants, in rememberance of the flood, built "a tower of great height"—the Tower of Babel, in the book of Genesis—and for the same purpose—a refuge from another possible flood.

Also that their languages were confounded, that they scattered over the earth.

It also touches upon the peopling of this continent by the Jaredites—or Toltecs, as the

Mexican legend calls them, soon after the confusion of tongues.

To say all this is mere chance is simply absurb.

When Mexico was conquered by the Spaniards in the sixteenth century, they found the emblem of the cross frequently engraved upon stone in the Aztec temples, and afterwards discovered the famous Calendar Stone, upon which, in addition to many other things, is engraved a pictorial representation of the flood.

It represents a sheet of water with a projecting peak of a mountain rising from it, and upon the mountain a tree, with a bird perched upon it.

There is also a man and woman, and a boat, the man holding out his hand to heaven as if imploring.

It is known that the Calendar Stone was made at least a hundred years before the advent of the whites, and that these Aztec legends could not have been derived from the preaching of the Spanish'priests among them, long after it was made.

Not only are these legends of the flood of great interest, but they tend greatly to strengthen our faith in that sacred record—the Bible—proving in a remarkable manner the great fact that there was a universal deluge from which but few escaped to again people the world, and proving it, too, in a manner entirely separate and distinct from the record of Moses, which was not, so far as we know, in the possession of the natives when Columbus discovered this continent.

And it is remarkable that they could keep so closely to the truth during so many centuries of bloodshed and barbarism, especially after the final extermination of the Nephites.

The various North American tribes of Indians, all had traditions, more or less fanciful, of a flood; and the Mandans, as stated by Catlin, who visited them early in this century, had in their villages an emblem of the ark, which contained their most sacred things, and was, itself, regarded with the greatest veneration.

Once a year the tribe had a religious ceremonial around this ark, in which a priest or medicine man appears among the people, painted white, and who said he alone had been saved from a flood, landing from his canoe upon a high mountain.

He also required each family to give an edged tool of some kind to be given in sacrifice to the waters, for it was by such tools, he said, the ark was made.

Each family therefore made such a contribution, and at the end of the ceremonial, all these things were thrown into a deep part of the river,—a sacrifice to the "Spirit of the Waters."The Apaches say that at first the world was happy; then there came a flood from which only Montezuma and a coyote escaped Montezuma became very wicked and tried to build a house that should reach to the heavens, but the Great Spirit destroyed it with his lightnings.

The Pimas, of Maricopa, Arizona, say that an eagle predicted the deluge to the prophet of their tribe, three times in succession, but his warning was disregarded; and, says the legend "then in the twinkling of an eye there came a peal of thunder and an awful crash, and a green mound of water reared itself over the plain.

It seemed to stand upright, for a second, then, cut incessantly by the lightning, goaded on like a great beast, it flung itself upon the prophet's hut.

When the morning broke there was no-

THE FIRST EXPERIENCE.

thing to be seen alive but one man, who saved himself by floating on a ball of gum or resin.

He killed the eagle, restored its victims to life, and so re-peopled the world."Many other legends might be presented, but the foregoing are no doubt enough to show how widely diffused among all peoples is some record or tradition of the great deluge, strange and fanciful in many instances, but all pointing conclusively to the grand central fact.

J. H.

Martineau.

THE FIRST EXPERIENCE.

"Oh, Love, young Love bound in thy rosy bands Let sage and cynic prattle as they will

These hours, and only these, redeem life's years of ill!"Byron.

My labor for to-day was finished, and I gladly tossed aside my pen, and threw myself wearily back in my office chair.

I had found work this day harder than usual, as other matters occupied my mind to such an extent that it was almost impossible for me to concentrate my attention upon my business.

At the bottom of these other matters there was, as often happens to be the case, a woman;

a woman, whose image so haunted me that it constantly interposed itself between me and my rapidly moving pen, causing me to make many blunders, and driving every other thought and idea from my head.

The possessor of the image was a little girl who had confessed to me, two evenings ago, that I had won her heart. Ofcourse, as most of us usually are, under such circumstances,

I was the happiest man alive, and could hardly wait for the time to arrive when I should see her again, so I resolved to visit her to-night.

At half-past seven o'clock I put my resolve into execution, and started forth, bound for her home.

Many diverse and pleasant expectations and anticipations assailed me, as I wended my way thither, increasing my desire to see her and hastening my footsteps.

When I arrived at my destination she met me at the door, seeming to me, intoxicated as I was with love, more beautiful than ever she had seemed before.

After greetings were exchanged, and we were comfortably seated on the divan by the fire, the nearness of her dainty figure tempted me to put my arm about her, her blood-red lips aroused the desire in my heart to kiss her.

She flushed at first and withdrew, but her eyes at length meeting mine, she allowed me to draw her close, and press upon her lips a long, lingering kiss of the purest affection and de'epest respect man could bestow upon woman.

When again I looked at her face,

I saw that it had grown pale, and noticed that she gave a slight gasp as our lips parted.

Her demeanor caused a certain idea, not altogether pleasing to me, to enter my mind, and I gazed earnestly and searchingly into her eyes.

"Tell me, Lucile,"I said, taking her hand, "did anyone ever kiss you before this evening?"She cast down her eyes, but made no reply.

"I have a right to know,"I persisted; "you are to be my wife and should conceal nothing from me.

You know the other night we agreed to be perfectly frank with each other, and if you do not answer my question you are not fulfilling your word.

A marriage such as ours will be, based upon companionship, allows of no concealments.

Will you not speak now, and tell me?"She at length looked me in the eyes, with an expression that I had grown to understand, and which meant that I should hear the truth from her, saying: "I will, Jack.

We should know as much as possible about each other before we venture to take the step we are contemplating.

You shall know the truth.

There was one man to whom I gave the privilege that I now give you."She looked down once more, then turn-

THE FIRS1 EXPERIENCE.

ing to me and noticing a look of disappointment, which I could not conceal, on my face, for I had hoped that I was the recipient of the first kiss, she laughed, saying: "But that was very long ago four long years—when I was simply a child of fifteen years of age.""Then I am not your first and only lover?"said I.

"No,"was her reply, "not the first and only, but you are—you are—"There was no necessity for her to finish.

I understood by a glance from her eye what she would say, and caught her close, close to my heart, feeling that she was dearer than ever to me.

"Tell me about this first love affair of yours,"I said, "for I presume it was the first, will you not?""If you will promise to hear a repetition of the old, old story patiently, and not interrupt me;"she said.

"I will readily promise you that.

You shall not hear a word from me once during your narrative, so you may feel perfectly safe as regards that.

I shall be found a devoted and interested listener to anything that may be said concerning you."She nestled down comfortably by my side, with her face half averted from me, then commenced.

"The time of the year in which the opening events of the story I am about to tell you transpired, was the early days of May, when the breath of spring made the air sweet, when the fragrance of flowers was wafted about with every little breeze that stirred them, when the returning birds fluttered about their newly built homes and seemed to almost burst their little throats singing and pouring forth their joy.

"The world was full of happiness and beauty for me;

I had just passed the age of melancholy, at which girls are usually given to the habit of seeking solitary spots, where they mope and compose verses for no particular reason, and was beginning to enjoy that period of life when the first graces and charms of womanhood adorn a girl.

This happened to me at an earlier age than it does to most girls, for I was more advanced both in mental and in physical development than my age would warrant.

"I was thought to be pretty and graceful by many who were acquainted with me, and frequent consultations with my mirror assured me that their thoughts were not incorrect.

And I was rendered still more attractive by the possession of manners of pretty and innocent coquetry.

(You must pardon my seeming egotism I shall speak freely of myself, as of a third person.) "We were living in the suberbs at the time, about six miles from the city of C, on the outskirts of a village, a rather lonely spot, our nearest neighbor living about half a mile distant from our home.

I must tell you something about this neighbor and his family, as certain members of it play an important part in my story.

Their name was Berersford.

Mr. Berersford was a fleshy, important looking Englishman, rather stern in his bearing toward his children, and possessed of a fondness for ladies generally.

His wife was an unpretentious woman whose sole object seemed to be to do her duty toward everyone; and his two daughters were very prim and proper, and proud of their family escutcheon, and were also at all times anxious to impress everyone with the importance of their aristocratic ancestry.

All of them were very nice people in their way, eminently respected by every one about the village. Mr. Berersford was a particularly pleasant gentleman.

But by far the kindest, noblest and most genuine of them all was one whom I have not yet mentioned, and this one was Walter Berersford, the only son and eldest child.

He was extremely homely, but possessed winning manners and a heart as good as gold.

Everyone who knew him could not but like him, for he was always frank, generous and kind, always ready to sacrifice his own pleasure and convenience to that of others.

"He and I had always thought a great deal of each other, and managed to be together quite often. We were in the habit of exchanging confidences, and shared with one another both our pleasures and sorrows.

I had always enjoyed his com-

THE FIRST EXPERIENCE.

panionship, but it was not until this eventful springtime had passed, and he had proven himself to be indeed a friend to me, that I fully appreciated him. Now

I must proceed with the tale itself.

"Upon one evening, which shall never be forgotten by me, there was an entertainment to be given at the village hall or theatre.

Of course everyone in or near the village turned out to see the performance, as such things were of rare occurrence there.

Our family, including papa, mamma, sister and myself, drove over to the hall in our carriage, as it was some distance from our home, in order to witness the performance, of which much cannot be said—those country entertainments never amount to anything—but it was conducive to sociability amongst the people in and about the village, as it brought them together sometimes from comparatively great distances.

"Mr.

Berersford and his family were there, dispensing pleasantries amongst their friends and enjoying themselves geaerally.

After the performance was over, seeing Walter, I was about to approach him when I caught sight of a young man whom I had never seen before, by his side, and whom he seemed to be introducing to a circle of his acquaintances.

I paused and gave them a searching glance.

. The strange young man was of medium height, well built, not particularly handsome, but possessing a face upon which one could not help but bestow a second glance.

He was singularly attractive in appearance.

His eyes were dark and full of suppressed expression, that now and then, when he smiled, shone forth from beneath heavy lashes.

He was dressed in a uniform which may have possessed a particular attraction for a girl of my age.

"As I looked at him the second time, he was listening to something that some young lady was saying to him, with one of those smiles that made his face positively handsome.

He was making her a reply when his eyes met mine. His words seemed, by the motion of his lips, to die away, and a moment later I saw him turn and speak to Walter, who thereupon nodded his head, as if in assent.

After this I lost sight of them in the crowd, until feeling a slight touch upon my arm,

I looked about and saw Walter and the strange young man standing beside me.

'Good evening, Mademoiselle, 'said Walter, extending toward me his hand, into which mine willingly and heartily found its way.

'How did you enjoy the.performance?''Fairly well, I replied, 'It is about as good as is usually given in the village ofW.''You are right according to my estimation of it, Mademoiselle.'

When bringing forward the young man beside him, he said, 'Miss Beach, allow me to present to you my cousin, Colonel

Berersford.

Will, Miss Beach.'The Colonel's eyes and mine met once more, and a few conventional words of compliment, usually attendant upon anintroduction, passed between us.

"I do not remember all that we said to each other that evening; the few words we had the opportunity of exchanging were very commonplace and prosaic, suffice to say that they did not amount to much.

But as we rode home I was conscious of a very peculiar sensation which

I experienced in connection with thoughts of him, a sensation which is generally the sure indication of the approach of that malady known as love.

Not being accustomed to it, I could not at first satisfactorily explain it to myself, but before the night, during which I lay with eyes wide open, worrying my poor little head with a variety of thoughts, was half over,

I came to the conclusion that I was in love with this young man whom I had seen for the space of about fifteen minutes, madly, desperately in love, and that he alone held the power to render me happy or miserable for life.

Su^h was the folly of a precocious girl of fifteen.

(No interruptions, please, remember your promise.) "Well, several days passed quietly enough, when much to my surprise and delight came an invitation to us from the Berersford family to spend an evening at their house, as they wished us to become acquainted with their cousin, the Colonel, of whom, on account of his military rank, his young lady cousins were very proud*

THE FIRST EXPERIENCE.

"We accepted their invitation, and one evening after dinner, started forth bound for the Berersford mansion.

When we arrived at our destination, the three ladies received us very ceremoniously in the parlor.

Walter came in soon afterward, and sitting down by me, was soon engaged in lively conversation.

Then the older Miss Berersford, by request of her sister, performed a highly classical piece of music upon the piano, as a prelude to the entrance of the Colonel.

My eyes were ever and anon wandering to the door through which he was likely to enter, and at length my watching and waiting was rewarded.

Just as Miss Berersford finished her classical performance with a bang in E minor, Mr.

Berersford entered, followed by the young man, who carried himself like a soldier, yet with the ease and grace of a nobleman. The younger Miss Berersford arose, and in a firm voice declared that she now had the pleasure of presenting to 'Mr. and Mrs.

Beach, to Miss Henriette and Lucile Beach—the Colonel!'

After acknowledging which, the Colonel, looking much annoyed and fatigued, retired to a corner by the piano.

"For a while he and I simply exchanged glances, but at length I found an opportunity to more decidedly attract his attention, and in this way.

During the evening I was requested to sing.

(Oh, I used to have a very sweet voice at that time;

an attack of typhoid fever robbed me of it, afterward).

My sister placed herself in position to. accompany me, at the piano, and I stationed myself beside her.

Plucking a deep red rose from my bosom, I decided to sing Scanlan's "Rose Song."My singing was always dramatic, and accompanied by slight actions that interested and amused spectators and listeners.

To-night I carried it out to perfection, and after I had sung the words:

"Promise me you'll keep it, make your promise, do, Promise me you'll cherish it, make your answer true;

If this promise you will keep, when I'm far away, This sweet rose I'll give to you, my own true love to-day.

and had flung my rose to the Colonel, I received a very storm of applause.

"After this, I know not how, for I was a little bit dizzied and abashed by my own audacity, I found myself sitting near the Colonel, in the shadow of an alcove, and indistinctly heard him say, 'You have a sweet voice, Miss Lucile;

I could listen to your singing all night long.

Will you not sing something else?''I think not,'I replied, overcoming ray dizziness with an effort, 'I feel rather tired.

I never can sing more than one or two pieces without experiencing exhaustion,''lam sorry for that,'he said, toying with my rose, 'but glad that you chose the song you did, since you will not sing again for me.'

I blushed.

I felt the hot blood spreading over my face.

He looked at me attentively, saying quickly, 'Pardon me for speaking thus frankly on such short acquaintance, but I cannot resist the temptation of telling you how you impress me at the present moment.

Your face reminds me of a garden of roses, wherein is combined beauty and purity, and I like to imagine that the rose which you threw me this evening, came from that superb garden.

I shall press and treasure this rose, if I may, Miss Lucile, for it will always bring to me the recollection of this evening, of that song, ot you "My heart began to throb painfully at his words, but controlling myself with an effort, I said, 'You are very flattering.

If a girl were to believe everything that is told her,she would often be duped, I fear.''Ah, Miss Lucile, how cruel you are!

Few could look into your eyes and speak an untruth.

Your glance is soul searching.''I would like to believe you.''There is nothing to prevent you from so doing.

You should follow your desire in the matter?'We both laughed.

And so passed the evening away.

He accompanied me as far as our gate when we went home thatnight, and before we parted had asked me if it would be agreeable for him and Walter to call, on the following evening.

Of course I answered in the affirmative, and at eight o'clock of the evening named, when my sister and

I were swinging lazily back and

THE FIRST EXPERIENCE.

forth in our hammocks under the trees in the moonlight—we were in the habit of spending most of our time thus on these clear, lovely nights—Walter and his cousin arrived.

"Walter knew where to find us, and after speaking for a moment to mamma, who met them at the front door, joined us.

Their visit was thoroughly enjoyable to me, as I could converse almost uninterruptedly with the Colonel, and he seemed equally pleased to talk alone to me.

"After this, several evenings were spent thus together, in happy expectation and revelation; happy in every way excepting one, and it was that Walter was always uncomfortably near to us, a fact which seemed odd to me, and which I could not satisfactorily explain to myself.

Still I did not pay much attention to this, but extricated all the enjoyment one could possibly derive from the presence of one who was dear.

"I do not remember how we first came to let each other know of the mutual attachment that existed between us. How can the process of love, and its silent development be explained?

It reveals and communicates itself almost imperceptibly, in a thousand different ways.

"One day Walter, Henriette, Will and

I, strolled out into the woods, which were then beautiful with flowers and foliage.

We had walked some little distance, talking, laughing and singing, when Henriette, becoming fatigued, sat down on the trunk of a fallen tree to rest, and Walter threw himself on the ground at her feet.

Will and I wandered on for a space, and were so deeply engrossed in conversation, that we did not observe how the distance was increasing between our companions and us, until I, suddenly realizing this fact, stopped, saying:

'We have wandered a greater distance than I thought we had, Colonel Berersford. We had better go back.''I would rather not,'he replied; 'Let us sit down under this tree and talk.

But allow me to repeat my request of a few days ago that you do not call me 'Colonel.''But you earned the title at war in Canada.''Perhaps,'he answered, 'but to you, as I said before, I wish to be simply 'Will.''I will make an effort to do as you request,

I replied archly, 'and if I fail—

'Why should you fail?

When you know that it pleases me, it should not be a difficult task.

You do like to please me, do you not?'And his arm went around my waist.

'Yes, yes,'I said removing it and arising hastily, 'but—

'But what?'queried he, arising also, 'Lucile, you are blushing as you did on the night you gave me the rose,'he said quickly, 'if you only knew how beautiful you are when you blush Lucile, you make me love you. 1 He had taken both my hands and drawn me toward him.

'Darling, let me kiss you once, only once!'I backed away against the tree.

'No, you must not,"I said as firmly as I could.

But alas for human frailty, and the tenderness of youth!

He looked in my eyes, he touched me, he placed his lips upon mine, clinging hot and hotter—I feel them burning now!'She broke off and shuddered.

"'That kiss,"she continued, after a moment's silence, 'which was the first any one had taken from me, filled me with strange sensations, and caused me to grow pale and limp in his arms.

All the world was love, love, love to me and it was blinding and dazzling my brain.

I could not look at him, but could feel his breath on my cheek, and hear him whispering, "Be mine, Lucile, be mine—my wife!

Your heart is mine, I know.'"Then I felt his arms withdraw from me, for we were both startled by the sound of approaching footsteps, and a little later heard Henriette saying, 'Where have you two been?

We have been searching everywhere for you. Haven't we, Walter?''We have indeed, Mademoiselle, but, as a natural consequence, failed in our efforts until this moment,'reponded Walter pleasantly.

"By this time I had recovered my equilibrium sufficiently to stand alone, and even attempted to smile.

When I looked at Walter he was regarding me gravely.

I started, looked down, and felt my face flushing once more.

'The

THE ORIGIN OF PROFANE HISTORY.

woods are so beautiful to-day,'said Will in his easy way, 'that we were enticed into wandering a little farther than we intended to go, and our long absence is accounted for by the fact that Miss Lucile was so fatigued, that, for her sake, we rested here.''I see we will have a little hill to climb on our way home.

Miss Lucile, take my arm.

It will be of a little assistance to you.

Walter, do the gallant yourself, and assist Miss Henriette in the same manner.''I'll take care of Miss Henriette,'replied Walter in the gruffest.tone I had ever heard him employ, as he turned and started off with my sister.

"Walter's manner somewhat bewildered me, as I had an instinctive feeling that his surliness had something to do with Will's attentions to me.though what, I could not imagine.

However, that thought did not occupy me for a great length of time, for as we followed Henriette and

Walter up the flower-covered hill, I could ever and anon hear Will whispering in my hear, as he pressed my arm, 'Can you not answer me?

Do you not love me?'"I could not speak, one reason being,

Walter and Henriette were so near that nothing but a whisper would have prevented them hearing what I might say, another, that I was too confused and happy to utter a word; but I managed at parting to give his hand an encouraging pressure, and said to him in an undertone, 'To-morrow night!'"

G. L. B.

(To be continued.) THE ORIGIN OF PROFANE HISTORY.

History, the written account of the transactions of individuals and people who have existed upon the earth at different periods, is divided into two general branches, sacred and profane.

'Sacred history is that written by inspiration, and giving an account of the dealings of God with men and nations. The Bible and the

Book of Mormon are two of the greatest works of this class extant, giving, as they do, an account of the different branches of the people of God, with their successes and their failures, their triumphs and their disasters.

Other nations have their sacred writings, many of which belong to this division of history, while many are didactic in their nature.

To this latter class belong, as well, some of the divisions, or books, of the Bible and the Book of Mormon, they having for their chief end, the instruction of their readers, rather than the narration of historical events.

Profane history, on the other hand, is that written without any claim to divine inspiration, and upon chronological and sociological, rather than religious subjects.

The appellation, "profane history,"however, does not necessarily imply the absence, in the body of the work of an expression of reverence for sacred things, nor the presence of infidelity in the heart of the writer;

for many of our best histories and biographies, properly classed under this head, have been written by men noted for their purity and piety of life; and many of them contain clear and bold reference to Divine interference in the history of nations.

These are among the best of our profane histories, for the reason that the man who recognizes and acknowledges the hand of God as made manifest in the conduct of the affairs of nations, will write with a more prayerful, and hence with a more truthful, spirit, than one who does not see, or seeing, does not confess, the overruling providence of God.

Sacred history goes much farther back than does profane, since God has revealed to His inspired servants the early history of the earth and its people, and in these revelations are contained truths which man, with his unaided wisdom, could never have discovered.

Profane history, on the contrary, has its origin enshrouded in mystery.

Many of the nations of antiquity have shown chronologies extending back to the flood; among these may be mentioned the Hindoos

THE ORIGIN OF PROFANE HISTORY.

and the Egyptians.

The Chinese have not been content even with so extended a chronology as this, but have bridged the great Deluge, and have claimed that Noah himself had the honor of being a Chinaman Claims of a similar nature have been made by others of the nations, and the consequence has been a considerable confusion in the minds of writers of profane history, as to the locality which can lay the greatest claim to the honor of being the cradle of the human race—that place from whence the many peoples now existent upon the earth have spread abroad.

In order that this point may be more fully considered, it is necessary that we call to our aid sacred history as recorded in the Bible.

All passages in this record having a bearing upon thesubject,point to

Asia as the region inhabited by the human family during the few centuries immediately subsequent to the flood. Upon this point there has been but little controversy.

It is generally understood that the building of the Tower of Babel, an event, by the way, recorded only in sacred history, took place somewhere in the valley of the Euphrates and the Tigris, although the exact locality has not been positively identified.

But as to the movements of the human family immediately after the dispersion from the Tower of Babel, there are among historians no definite ideas.

To compass as fully as possible the knowledge possessed upon this point, it may be profitable to review hastily, the different classes or races of mankind, thus coming more closely in contact with their peculiarities, and through these, with their history.

The peoples of the earth are divided into three principal branches or types, the black, or Ethiopian, the yellow, or Mongolian, and the white, or Caucasian.

Of the first of these the Negro is a good example; of the second, the Chinaman; of the third, the Englishman.

The first two types named have exerted but little influence upon the world's history; the Caucasian is the historic race.

This race is subdivided into the Semitic, the Hamitic, and the Aryan (or Japhetic) peoples, this subdivision being based upon physical and mental characteristics, and also upon what we know of the origin of these different peoples.

The first of these branches of the

Caucasian race, is represented by the Assyrians, the Phoenicians, the Hebrew, etc.

; the second by the Egyptians and the

Babylonians;

and the third by the Persians, the Russians, the English, and many other nations.

Our first glimpses of the history of any

Semitic people are obtained of the Assyrians, who founded their empire on the banks of the Tigris River, where their capital, Nineveh, was built.

The power thus established, remained in existence for a number of centuries, its sway extending in all directions, and including all the surrounding peoples.

Great rivalry existed between Assyria and her southern neighbor Babylon, and this rivalry was not fully ended until, in the year 625 B. C.

Nabopolasser, betraying his country to the Babylonians, conquered the Assyrians and destroyed their capitol.

Another branch of the Semites, the descendants of Abraham, a native of lower Mesopotamia, inhabited in turn Palestine and parts of Egypt.

From their bondage in the latter country, they were miraculously delivered through the instrumentality of Moses, traveled forty years in the wilderness, and at length reached the land of Canaan, where they passed through the many thrilling events preceding their final dispersion.

From these statements and others that might be made if space permitted, it will be seen that the "valley of the rivers"is the cradle of the Semitic branch of the

Caucassian race, so far as profane history has testified to us.

We must look to two different places to find the origin of the Hamitic branch.

At a period of time, generally conceded to be about 3000 B. C, profane history began on the banks of the Nile.

Here was a branch of the great Hamitic family, tilling the fertile soil, erecting magnificent buildings, and worshiping animals and the elements and forces of nature.

As to the place whence they had migrated to the "granary of the world"but little can be surmised, and

THE ORIGIN OF PROFANE HISTORY.

nothing is positively known by historians.

The land of Egypt was peculiarly adapted to the development of a people of this kind.

The climate mild and salubrious; the land fertilized and revivified by the annual overflow of the Nile; the needs of the people few and easily satisfied;—these were the conditions existing in this favored region, and such environments were peculiarly adapted to the progress of a people possessed of the half vigorous, half indolent mind peculiar to the Hamitic branch of the human family.

The other locality where a great Hamitic people was early established was the lower Euphrates.

Here, Nimrod, "a mighty hunter before the Lord,"founded the city of Babylon and proceeded to the conquest of the surrounding tribes.

The oppressive and tyrannical character of the reign of this king and his successors drove out the Semitic inhabitants of that region, among them Abraham and the founders of the Assyrian nation.

But the Babylonian nation, together with all other peoples of Hamitic origin, ceased to influence to any great degree, the history of the world long before the advent of our Savior.

Nor has the Semitic influence been great since that time.

True, Mohammed, the Moslem prophet, led his people to temporary triumph, but his advancement, and that of his successors, was checked on many battle fields until Charles Martel, upon the field ol Tours, set the limit beyond which the Saracen must not go.

But it is to the great Aryan branch of the Caucasian race that we can turn with profit and pleasure, for we are bound to this people by other bonds than those of interest and sympathy.

Linked together by the strong ties of consanguinity are many of the peoples of Asia, nearly all of the Europeans, and most of the inhabitants of the New World. Belonging to the same great branch of the human family, the historic race of modern times, their history will be followed with a livelier interest, with a deeper sympathy.

After the purely Semitic and Hamitic nations ceased their growth and advancement, the Aryans progressed rapidly in the essentials of a high civilization;

until it can be truly said that in fulfillment of the blessing pronounced by Noah upon his sons (Genesis ix, 27), "God hath enlarged Japheth, and he dwelleth in the tents of Shem; and Canaan is his servant."Before Egypt had come to the notice of the nations;

while the great city Babylon existed only in the mind of its mighty founder, the ancestors of the Aryan peoples of to-day, dwelt in a comparatively rude and savage state, in that region of Persia known as Bactria.

Here those traits were developed, which have distinguished the Aryan family from all others:—that enterprise, push, and progress so well adapted to the settlement of new countries and the subjugation of the forces of nature.

It seems strange to many of us, who have become, perhaps, in family pride to think of a relationship existing between us and the Hindoos, the Persians, and others of the peoples with whom we have but a traditional acquaintance; but the studies of mythology and comparative philology have taught us in recent years, that we have had a common origin with these peoples.

While inhabiting central Asia, our ancestors possessed a regular government, had a high regard for the family relationship, and worshipped the forces of nature.

The researches of learned men in recent times have brought to light the fact that many of those words, so familiar to us now, had their origin with this people, and are decidedly similar among the various branches of their descendants.

A few examples should be given.

Their word "dahitur,"meaning "milkmaid,"shows us that the female members of the family milked the cows, a custom, by the way, from which many of their descendants have departed.

From this word has come to us the word ''daughter, ''with only a part of its original meaning.

We can trace resemblances of a striking character in the household words of many nations of Aryan descent, proving beyond doubt the relationship existing between such peoples.

One of

SPRING—TO HAVE THEE NEAR.

the most familiar instances of this similarity is found in the word "father."In the Sanscrit the word is "pitri;"in the Persian, "padar;"in the Greek, "pater,"in the Latin, "pater."in the German, "vater;"and in the Spanish, "padre."

At an early period the Aryans scattered and began moving westward.

The first division to reach Europe was the Celtic; these families took up their abode in central Europe, whence they were driven farther westward by the next branch of the Aryans, the Teutonic.

Passing into Britain, the Celts founded the Irish, the Scotch, and the Welsh nations, while the Teutons maintained their hold upon central Europe.

These were the ancestors of the German, the the English, the Dutch, and the Scandinavian peoples of the present.

The last great wave of emigration to Europe consisted of the Slavonic Aryans, who settled in the eastern part of Europe, and founded the Russian nation of the present.

We have briefly and imperfectly traced the origin and early development of profane history.

We have seen how God has wrought upon the nations of the earth in accordance with His purposes.

We have seen how He has so worked upon the minds of men as to bring His children to those lands where advancement will mark their lives and success crown their efforts to serve Him. We have seen how the Gentile nations have been brought into such a position that they could prepare for the establishment of God's work—the ushering in of the dispensation of the fulness of times.

Willard Done.

SPRING.

Spring has come, we've so much longed for,

Spring, glad spring is here again;

List! her voice is on the hill-top, In the valley and the plain.

Glad we bid adieu to winter, Long he held his cheerless reign

Loosed for aye, his icy fetters, Mother earth breathes free again.

Snowy wreaths and robes of whiteness

Russet garb, and garments grey,

Earth has doffed for one of brightest

Green and gold, with sprigs of May.

Flowers springing on the hillside,

Violets blooming in the dell, Yellow cowslips in the meadows,

Of the joyous springtime tell.

Wild vines, beautiful and trailing,

Budding leaves and mossy turf,

Every gem, with life now swelling,

Tell us of a higher birth.

Song birds too, have come to greet us,

List! the notes of love they raise.

Shall our human hearts be silent,

When all nature's song is praise?

Can our tongues refuse to utter,

Language of a joyous trust, To the wisdom that created, Such bright beauty out of dust?

No! let's breathe the song of heaven, "Peace on earth good will to men"

Tarry not from morn till evening, Doing good where'er we can.

L. M. Hewlii *6* TO HAVE THEE NEAR.

'Tis happiness to have thee near,

Because my love, thou art so dear.

A simple glance from thy deep eye,

A lingering soft and soothing sigh

A touch, perchance, from thy dear hand,

Will my whole heart and soul expand,

And smooth each sorrow from my browWith joy intense my life endow.

'Tis happiness to have thee near,

Because, my love, thou art so dear.

G.

I..

LIVING

LIGHTS OF THE AIR.

It is a fact well-known to students of natural science, that many small animals possess the truly wonderful power of producing light within or upon their own bodies.

Those who have sailed in tropical seas have brought news of swarms of phosphorescent organisms, which at times fill the water, so that by night the ocean appears to be of itself luminous; and the spectacle is so grand a one that it has suggested a comparison with molten gold.

But we need not go so far in search of examples of animal light;

this peculiar luminosity is not confined to ocean residents only, nor to inhabitants of the tropics.

Temperate climes furnish us with several illustrations of living lamps, principally among insects.

The fire-fly is familiar to all.

Along the banks of streams, or in marshes and damp meadows, countless thousands of these flitting lights may be seen during summer nights.

One of the largest of the fire-fly family is represented greatly y magnified in figure i.

This species is not unknown in Utah, though its home is near the Atlantic coast of our country.

It is the Photuris Pennsylvanicus, a member of the coleoptera or beetle family.

When full grown the insect is Fig.

i.

about half an inch long.

Its prevailing color is yellowish, with variations of darker hue, mostly in the form of poorly defined lines.

The light emitted by the photuris is very bright.

Often have I watched with admiration vast swarms of these insects along the streams of Pennsylvania and New Jersey, darting with brilliant and oft recurring flashes in a way to suggest a shower of blazing meteors.

Another fire-fly, comparatively common in the middle and western states is the Photuris pyralis;

this is smaller than the preceding;

in general color it is darker, being of a brownish hue, in parts shading into black; pale yellow variations heighten the effect.

Fig. 2.

The European fire-flies belong to the Lampyridse, an important division of the beetle family.

Among these the luminous organs are well developed on certain of the abdominal segments.

Not only the adult beetles (imagos), but also the larvae^ and even the eggs are luminous.

The commonest and best known examples of European luminous beetles are Lampyris notiluca, and Latnpyris splendidula.

In each of these divisions, the females are wingless; a pair of scales only marking the ordinary places of attachment of the elytra.

These wingless females, and the larvae are known under the common name of glow worms.

Figure 2 represents the male of Lampyris notiluca; figure 3 shows the female of the same species.

As is usual among light-giving insects, the female latnpyris emits the brighter light.

In general outline, there is little difference between the adult female and the larva.

In figure the latter is shown in the act of entering a snail shell;

this illustrates a characteristic habit of the larvae, they delighting to feed on the juicy bodies of land molluscs.

The light of the glow-worm is of a pale greenish kind, and of an intensity far greater than the radiance of the fire-fly.

It is a favorite pastime with English boys to capture a lot of glow-worms, and place them with moist leaves on their hat brims; a dozen of the larvae, shining together, will shed an attractive brightness about the head of the captor.

Figure 5 is a sketch of the adult male of Lampyris g- 3 'splendidula;

figure 6 shows the female of the same.

These are also included under the comprehensive name of glow-worms.

A few examples of light-giving insects are to be met with among a different class of beetles, the elaterids or spring beetles.

A fine example ofsuch is found in the lightning spring beetle illustrated in figure 7.

This insect is nearly an inch and a half in

LIVING LIGHTS OF THE AIR.

length; the chief luminous organs appear as a pair of yellow knob-like projections, one on either side of the thorax; some light is emitted, however, from the lower surface of the abdominal segments.

The Pyrophorous beetles are strong light producers;

these, however, are mostly of tropical or semi-tropical habitat.

One of the most brilliant of them is the Pyrophorous noctilucus, represented in figure 8; this is to be found in Brazil and the West Indies;

in gte^N the latter place it is called by the natives cucuyo. This beetle commonly known Fig.

4.

as the fire-beetle is •nearly one and three quarter inches long, of a dark brown color.

On the thorax are see two convex oval lanterns; these shine brilliantly at times, as do also other luminous organs at the junction of the thorax and the abdomen.

So radiant is the light of the fire-beetles that the in ects are used as toilet ornaments by the ladies of Vera Cruz.

Of these living gems Louis Figuier has said, "Strange jewels which must be fed, which must be bathed twice a day; and must be "\incessantly taken care of to prevent them from dying.

The Indians catch these insects by balancing hot coals in the air, at the end of a stick, to attract them, which proves that the light which these insects diffuse is to attract.

Once in the hands of the women, the cucuyos are shut up in little cages of very fine wire, and fed on fragments 'of sugar cane.

When the Mexican ladies wish to adorn themselves with these living diamonds, they place them in little bags of light tulle, which they arrange with taste on their skirts.

There is another way of mounting the cucuyos.

They pass a pin without hurting them under the thorax, and stick this pin in their hair."There are some light-givers among the hemiptera, or bugs; of these the lantern flies of Brazil stand first.

Next to these come the Fulgora ca?idelaria or candle flies (figure 9) found in East India and China.

Travelers \ in these parts relate that the candle flies give very powerful illumination;

and that they are there an article of sale.

The insect is greenish or orange yellow, with many veined wings. The head lg '7 "is terminated by a long and curved projection.

Much speculation has been indulged in by naturalists regarding the mode of light production among luminous insects.

Experiments have been made, proving that the luminosity is in some way associated with a chemical process of oxidation; for the light becomes greatly increased if the insect be placed in pure oxygen;

whereas it is entirely quenched in hydrogen, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and otherV/ inert gasses. The power / rj of emitting light is to a great degree under control of the insect's will;

when the creature is ieeding or asleep no light is given, and the greatest brilliancy is associated with activity of body.

Professors Young and Langley, both noted physicists and astronomers have tested experimentally the nature ofthe fire-fly's light; they find it to be almost devoid of heating or actinic power.

Though we cannot fathom the entire purpose of the Creator in endowing certain animals with power of becoming self-luminous at will, we may believe it to be one of His designs to aid the creatures in finding their mates.

In nearly all instances the light emitted by Fig. 8.

THE WORLD OVER.

the female far exceeds that of the male, and especially marked is this difference in species of which the females are wingless.

At one time it was believed that the male glow-worm gave no light at all;

Fig.

9.

this is now known to be incorrect, however, though the luminous organs are but slightly developed.

Mr. J. G. Wood states that he once captured a male glowworm on the wing with both of his lamps lighted.

J. E.

Talmage.

THE WORLD OVER.

The House of Representatives of the

United States is now composed of three hundred and thirty-two members, elected every two years by the popular vote of the Congressional Districts of each State.

The apportionment of gave the House three hundred and twenty-five members, but the adding, since then, of six new states added seven new members, bringing the total up to three hundred and thirty-two.

Besides this number there are three Delegates from the Territories.

They are not entitled to vote on any measure, but are allowed to speak on some measures that come before the House.

The Representatives and Delegates each receive five thousand dollars a year and mileage to and from their homes.

The new apportionment made by the late census will increase the membership to three hundred and fifty-six.

There is a great variety of opinion as to the propriety of increasing the membership of the House.

The older countries of Europe have large legislative assemblies.

The Austrian House of Representative has three hundred and fifty-three members.

The Danish Folkting one hundred and two members, yet

Denmark has only a little over two million population.

The French Chamber of Deputies has five hundred and thirtytwo members and the Senate three hundred.

The German Reichstag has three hundred and ninety-seven members whose term of office is three years.

The British House of Commons consists of six hundred and seventy members and the House of Lords five hundred and thirty-seven.

The Italian Chamber of Deputies has five hundred and three members, two hundred and seventy of whom are appointed for life.

Henry M.

Stanley, the great African explorer, is of Welsh birth and an American by adoption.

He is of medium height, rather broad shouldered, but bent with the weight of forty nine years.

He has a pleasant, intellectual face and his hair and mustache areas white as slacked lime.

Twenty-three years of African life has broken his constitution.

He knows the geography of Africa better than any living man and is withal a very pleasant talker.

His wife, Dorothy Tennant Stanley, is quite celebrated on the other side of the water and is an artist of no small ability.

She delights in street Arab types and has won some fame by her pictures.

Within sixty two years Mexico has had fifty four presidents, one regency, and one empire, and nearly every change of government has been effected by violence.

In Paris, out of the two million seven hundred thousand residents, it is calculated that one in eighteen, or one hundred and fifty thousand, live on charity, with a tendency towards crime;

in London, the tendency is one in thirty.

THE BIBLE.

Every year a layer of the entire sea, fourteen feet thick, is taken up into the clouds; the winds bear it into the land and the water comes down in rain upon the fields, to flow back through the rivers of the earth.

One half the people born die before the age of sixteen.

The Prince of Wales is a direct descendant of King Alfred, being the thirtythird great-grandson;

thus the English throne has remained in the same family for over one thousand years.

Fifty years ago the population of the United States was only seventeen million six hundred and ninety-seven thousand four hundred and twenty.

The census cost the government eight hundred and thirty-three thousand four hundred and twenty-seven dollars.

The census of 1890 gives the population, not including the Indians in the United States and Alaska, at sixty-two million five hundred thousand; and the taking of the census cost over three million dollars.

The total Indian population in the United States is two hundred and fortyfour thousand seven hundred and five.

The population of Alaska is thirty-seven thousand.

De Quincy said it was one of the misfortunes of life that one must read thousands of books only to discover that one need not have read them.

Anew venture is the raising of skunks by Fred Clark, of Mt. Morris, New York.

His skunk farm is stocked with one hundred and fifty skunks, and he expects very soon that this number will be increased to one thousand or more.

Mr.

Clark is able by some mysterious power to handle the skunks without being tainted with their peculiar odor. He sells the furs to New York dealers at good prices.

"Language is a solemn thing,"Oliver Wendell Holmes once declared.

"It grows out of life—out of its agonies and ecstasies, its wants and its weariness."Ken Denys.

THE BIBLE.

In writing of the Bible for readers of The Contributor, my object is to encourage a greater familiarity with it, not only as a book, but with a knowledge of its contents, which may contribute much to the happiness and welfare of society, both individually and collectively.

I am sensible, however, that, while my aim may be laudable, my hopes of succeeding may be comparatively groundless.

The Bible has had the eulogy and criticism of ages; the believer has urged its claims, while the unbeliever has contemptuously disregarded them;

and nothing has been left, unsaid, that learning and eloquence could say in its defense, as containing the word of God.

All this, however, may not deter me from stating a few facts worth repeating.

First—a word of its history.

The historical facts connected with the compilation of the Bible, are alone sufficient to excite the admiration, as well as the conviction, of the believer.

The version of the bible now most in use, called King James'translation, was made by his command.

Forty-seven distinguished scholars were appointed for the purpose;

they were divided into six classes, among which were distributed the books and manuscripts to be prepared for compilation.

Each individual translated all the books allotted to him.

The whole class then compared all the translations, and adopted the readings agreed upon by the majority.

The book thus finished was sent to each of the other classes for their examination.

Three years were spent in this part of the work. Copies were then sent to London, one from each of the several classes, and then a committee of six consisting of one member from each of the six classes reviewed the whole, which was, last of all, reviewed again by two learned bishops, Smith and Bilson, at Winchester.

All that learning could do to present to

THE BIBLE.

the world a book in the English language that would correctly interpret the meaning and intent of its several authors, was done.

Money and scholarship were lavished upon the accomplishment of that work.

By the employment of like means many millions of copies have been published and distributed over almost the entire world, in all the languages ofcivilized life. No other book can be named that will compare with this, for the interest it has with a great share ofthe human race;

that has been able to establish such a strong traditional faith in its excellence and purity, and its actual necessity for the development and happiness of the human soul, of all classes and in all countries.

The Bible is, above all others, the world's book.

In every nook and corner of the earth to which civilization has access, and where humanity dwells, it has been circulated as affording the light of heaven for benighted man.

The efforts put forth to accomplish this, indicate full wfll the appreciation in which it is held, as being a universal panacea for all the ills of the human race It must be a wonderful book to have such a worldwide significance!

There is no reader in all our broad land that may not investigate its claims for such recognition.

A copy is before us! let us look at it.

It appears too voluminous to commit to memory, and possibly to some this may be an objectionable feature; but we open it, and find these objections removed.

It is a work of many authors, brief and comprehensive in their relation of the most important events of human experience, in connection with divine interposition.

We fird not only two separate books called the Old Testament and New Testament, each treating of a particular age and dispensation, but these books are made up of sixty six other books by various authors, and these are divided again into one thousand one hundred and eighty- nine chapters, and these chapters into thirty thousand one hundred and seventy-three verses.

This arrangement adapts the reading to the weakest minds, and verse by verse, or chapter by chapter, this world's treasure of knowledge may become the golden riches of every mind;

this store-house of the knowledge of God, the heritage of all who desire it.

How well do I remember, that it was verse by verse and chapter by chapter, my youthful mind was stored with its beautiful truths; how father and mother gathered the family circle every morning to read the Bible, each one taking his turn in reading a verse to the end of the chapter how father would explain and simplify to our minds that which we had been reading, then offer the fervent family prayer to God before we came to the breakfast table how, when we were of sufficient age to attend the Sunday School, we learned by chapters those sacred Bible truths, and those most proficient were rewarded for their diligent study of the scriptures Those holy truths of the Bible acquired in those blessed days can never be forgotten;

days when parents had time and disposition to encourage their children in the love of that which would lead them in paths of righteousness, and secure to them the peace of heaven.

Would to God there were more such fathers and mothers to-day, making an eternal impress upon the minds of their children, that would cause them in all life's journey to bless and honor the names of father and mother, and have reverence for Him who is Father of us all!

No wonder then, that "as the twig is bent the tree is inclined,"and that

I am a believer in the Bible, not merely because it was the tradition of my fathers, but because of being made personally acquainted with its truths, many of which have been tested in my life's experience, and caused faith to ripen into complete assurance.

As to the contents of the Bible, they are historical, biographical, statutory, prophetic, inspirational, instructive, and are in all respects profitable for doctrine, for reproof, and for correction in righteousness, leading men to the knowledge of God.

The early ages of the world would be comparatively a blank in history, were it not for its pages.

We are greatly in-

THE BIBLE.

debted to that grand historian, the prophet Moses, who furnished the first five books of the Bible.

Brought up as he was in the court of the Pharaohs, and educated to be the associate of the kings with access to all the record archives of the past, and finally under the direct inspiration of Jehovah, he was of all men qualified to leave a faithful record of important events to his time.

He was the great legislator of his age, which was some sixteen hundred years before the Christian era, and God was his personal prompter.

By his hand was written the code of laws that was to be the Hebrew's guide until the Messiah should come to introduce a higher order of things;

the law by Moses only designed to serve as a school-master to bring them to Christ, or rather to prepare them as a people to receive the Lord of the vineyard when he should come unto his own.

That code of laws for the admistration of Justice between man and his fellow-man has been recognized by all civilized nations as the foundation of moral integrity and sound social philosophy.

Leaving him and his day of wonders and mighty miracles wrought in the deliverance of the Hebrew people from slavery and bondage, and giving them possession of a land of promise for their inheritance, we trace along the further history of that favored people and find inspired prophets continually among them, urging the importance of faithfully keeping the law Moses had left them;

and those prophets each in turn writing the history of his experiences and God's dealings with their people, through many hundreds of years in which they became a great nation, building temples to God, and suppressing the idolatry of nations around them.

These prophets and inspired writers were evidently the favorites of heaven.

The angels ministered to them and they, like Moses, were mediums through whom

God made known his will to man, and were oft-times protected by miraculous manifestations of Omnipotent power.

Fire could not burn them, the ferocious lions could not devour them, and when hunted for destruction they could not be found.

God, through them, ever honored the testimony of those who had gone before, and urged the keeping of the law as the great duty of the people until Shiloh should come, who was to be the ruler, king, and redeemer We finally come to the Christian era, the history of which may be found more fully written in the books of the New Testament by those who participated in the doings of that eventful epoch.

The New Testament dispensation, one relating to the meridian of time and its wonderful events, very properly constitutes one of the two grand divisions of biblical history.

As to its truth there is abundant testimony.

The law of heaven is that two or three witnesses shall be sufficient to establish the truth of every word of God; but to this, more than a score of writers have been admitted as competent witnesses, by accepting their writings as canonical, and compilingthem, and every Christian believer is bound to give them full faith and credence.

This dispensation treats of an event and its attendant conditions, which only transpire once in the history of the world; an event well appointed to the meridian of time, as the only one with virtue and power to affect the entire human race—reaching back to the first man, and down to the last man that has had or ever shall have a home on this telestial world;

an event premeditated and determined before the world was.

The time has arrived; one of the first three of the God's in Heaven—God the Son, is to visit earth!

He partakes of the nature of man, is made flesh,'and, as man, dwells among men.

Ample preparations are made for his advent as a royal personage.

Messengers are sent to earth to herald the time of his coming, and those who should go before him were set apart to await the master's call, to do his royal pleasure.

He, this king of kings, this Lord of Lords, leaves his royal home on high and condescends to the humblest condition of human existence; he becomes the menial babe of Bethlehem, born in a manger

2 3 THE BIBLE.

No garnished home was vouchsafed as a welcome to the royal advent.

And why so?

Was this one of the stipulated conditions? verily He must fathom the depths of human sorrow, as well as scale the heights of human happiness He must, to fill his mission, comprehend, by his own experience, every possible condition of human frailty;

he was to be man's Redeemer from those conditions, even from death itself.

And in all this experience he maintained his divine character as God.

"God is love"—and every word, every act of his, through life's career, were but exhibitions of that divine quality which must be supreme with him who would be a God.

He went about doing good—the good that only love could prompt: healing the sick, casting out evil spirits, causing the blind to see, the deaf to hear, the lame to walk, and even the dead to live, while the hungry, by his miraculous power, were fed with bread and wine.

All this was incidental to the great feature of his earth's mission

These were only so many unmistakable evidences of his being what he claimed to be the Son of God—with power to fill his mission, which was to release man from his bondage of sin and death, and plant him in the realms of eternal life.

While by these acts of mercy and kindness he exhibited love for his fellow man, he was no less mindful of the fact that he came not to do his own will, but that of him who sent him; we find him, because of having partaken of the nature of man, submitting to all the requirements of the Father that relates to man, and by virtue of which he could say in truth:

"I am the way, the truth and the life, walk ye in it;"or, in other words, "come follow my example, do as

I have done, keep my law as I have kept my Fathers—and observing these conditions you shall have my favor, as I, on like conditions, have my Father's favor; and he that thus secures my love shall have the love of my Father also"This is love of God—that ye keep his commandments.

Thus we discover that this New Testament dispensation was far in advance of any former one.

They were dispensations of law and justice, and the people who received them were required to observe all things written in the law or be cursed, and the decree was "the soul that sinneth shall die; "but now when the God of love appears in person with the law of grace and mercy, the proclamation is made to all men:

"Repent, and you may live!""Love me, and keep my commandments,"is all that is required to secure the everlasting favor of God.

The Christ Jesus sets himself about this very work, and in the same way required of all others.

He calls upon his fore-runner, who had been preaching and baptizing in his name in all the regions round about Jordan to baptize him, his Master, also.

This all was a surprise to the devout preacher and prophet, who demurred to such an act.

No act of his should be construed to a recognition that fesus was a sinner and needed baptism.

The kind persuasive words of Jesus, that it behoved him, like all others, as he had partaken of the nature of man, to fulfill all righteousness, by keeping the law, prevailed with that acknowledged legal administrator, and he led Jesus the Savior, down into the water and baptized him.

The act was approved by God the

Father, who sent down the Holy Ghost to minister to him, with the declaration that Jesus was the beloved Son, and that with the act performed he was well pleased.

This lesson of implicit obedience on the part of an ever dutiful Son is one not only to be admired, but to be practically observed by every son and daughter of Adam in whom all died; but now by doing the works that Jesus did, may all be made alive—the fruits of his redeeming power.

His ministry was brief after the period of this divine recognition to the time of the final consummation of his sacrificial offering as full atonement for the sins of the world.

Only about three years were spent in calling his disciples, and placing his apostles in charge of the work he was so soon to leave, demanding of them that they should spread the news of his

APRIL.

mission in all the world, teaching all nations and baptizing them in his name, with the promise that he would be with them to the end of the world.

Learn ing that his end was nigh he completed the necessary arrangments and suffered himself to be lead to his death on calvary—the culmination of his labors here in the great plan of redemption.

The offering was complete.

No greater love was ever found;

he gave his life for man, both friend and foe!

Having done as others do—laid his body down to rest, he in spirit went to spirit-land to the prison houses of the dead, and there proclaimed liberty to the captive, life to the dead.

True to his own sacred pledge, that if he laid his body down he would take it up again;

that if his temple was destroyed he would build it again in three days, on the third day angels came to his relief.

His work accomplished, a strict charge given to his disciples to continue in the ministry and feed the flock that he was about to leave, he was, in the presence of friends, and escorted by angels, received up into heaven, and taken out of their sight with the promine that as they had seen him go up into heaven, so he would in like manner come again.

Most glorious promise!

I have thus briefly sketched some of the leading characteristics of this wonderful personage and his divine mission, as upon these we find grounded all the evidences of those whose writings constitute the New Testament.

And it was in view of this same character and mission that all holy men of God had spoken as they were moved upon by the Holy Ghost, as evidenced, also, by writings of the Old Testament.

All scripture therefore is now claimed to be profitable either for doctrine, instruction, or correction in righteousness.

S.

W.

Richards.

Not Rest, but Change of Occupation.—As for the feeling that we need rest, rest, rest, it is often a fallacious one.

It is action which makes muscle.

Often we suffer from rest.

A change of occupation is what we most need, as a rule, and the relief hours of an active person turn out to be very intelligent.

We must rest, but we need not lose our electricity, which the will, the thought, can command at all times, and which ought to be on guard, like an orderly, to summon us when we should become alert.

Head aches evaporate if we must exert ourselves for those we love; and ill-temper cannot flourish unless we have idleness in which to reflect upon the motes belonging to some one else.

There are women who labor day by day in hunger and despair.

It seems as if others might labor in comfort and health, instead of sitting down to lassitude and sighs.

APRIL.

A half blown bud dropped by the hand of Spring

On earth's cold bosom—fragrant, wet with dew,

And white—with mists of bloom slow drifting through

The folded petals—token sweet to bring

To earth's cold heart such memories as cling

Round love crowned hours; and as she hears anew

The tender message breathed in trembling hue And soft-voiced perfume—love, awakening,

Thrills her chilled pulses, and with sudden glow

At the old tale thus tenderly confessed

She presses the fair flower to her breast,

And in the glimpse of deeper blooms that show

Through out-crushed petals in its heart at rest, Sees dreams of what her future life shall know.

Josephine Spencei

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, April, 1891.

HENRY M.

STANLEY.

The recent appearance of Mr. Henry M.

Stanley in Salt Lake City, and his personal account, in the Salt Lake Theatre, before a large and intelligent audience, of his twenty-three years'life and experience in^Central Africa, have aroused a new interest amongst all classes of citizens, in his wonderful work.

Mr. Stanley, in an entrancing lecture of two hours duration, told the circumstances of his first meeting with James Gordon Bennett and the resultant finding of Dr. Livingstone in Central Africa; the incidents of their joint investigations and discoveries and Dr. Livingstone's subsequent death; the perilous explorations of the Victoria Nyanza.

He then recounted the appalling story of the fall of Khartoum, the death of the heroic Gordon, the helplessness of Emin Pasha, Governor of Equatoria, forsaken and abandoned in the heart of the Soudan, and of his piteous appeals that touched the whole world; how a few rich and large-hearted

Scotchmen and Englishmen subscribed a large sum which was doubled by a donation from the Egyptian Government, which money was placed in his hands for the relief and succor of Emin; how he selected his aids, %nd afterwards went upon his mission employing Zanzibaris as carriers and warriors, who in spite of their wavering natures, followed him many of them until death rescued them from their terrible sufferings.

The sad story of the rear column, upon which so much has been said all over the world, was hurried over by Mr. Stanley as if too black to dwell upon, but he mentioned leaving this column at Yambuya and proceeding through the black forests of Darkest Africa in quest of the lost Emin Pasha; he recited how, reduced in numbers, weakened by the diseases of the forest and half starved, they finally found

Emin very indifferent to the efforts being made in his behalf; how finally the return trip was made and the rear column found at Banalya in a condition of misery and distress too terrible to speak of;

Bartellot murdered; Jameson sick unto death; Troup invalided home; Ward at Bangala; only one white man, Mr. Bonny, was left to have charge of the dead and dying—a condition brought about by procrastination, irresolution, and a failure to move according to instructions.

Stanley dwelt very briefly upon this subject, but going to his book, "In Darkest Africa,"we find the following:

"The life of misery which was related was increased by the misery we saw.

Pen cannot picture nor tongue relate the full horrors witnessed within that dreadfnl pest-hold.

The nameless scourge of barbarians was visible in the faces and bodies of many a hideous-looking human being, who, disfigured, bloated, marred and scarred, came, impelled by curiosity to hear and see us who had come from the forest land east, and who were reckless of the terror they inspired by the death embodied in them.

There were six dead bodies lying unburied, and the smitten living with their festers lounged in front of us by the dozen.

I heard of murder and death, of sickness and sorrow, anguish and grief, and wherever I looked the hollow eyes of dying men met my own with such trusting, pleading looks, that it seemed to me, if but one sob was uttered my heart would break.

I sat stupefied under a suffocating sense of despondency, yet the harrowing story moved on in dismal cadence that had nought else in it but death and disaster—disaster and death.

A hundred graves at Yambuya—thirtythree men perishing, abandoned in the camp, ten dead on the road, about forty in the village about to yield their feeble hold of life, desertions over twenty, rescued a possible sixty.

If I were to record all I saw at Banalya in its deep intensity of unqualified misery, it would be like stripping the bandages off a vast sloughing ulcer, striated with bleeding arteries to tbe public gaze, with no earthly purpose than to shock and disgust."

In spite of the misfortunes including loss of life met with on this latest mission of Stanley's, his discoveries have been of incalculable benefit to mankind.

His roads and navigations have opened the way for commerce and trade; and the establishment of the Congo Free State on his second voyage will give his name a place in the history of civilization.

MUSIC AND HER SISTER, i>ONG.

All the rabid invective of the Parisian press and the attacks of sensationalists the world over, will not detract from his fame; will not hide the changes that have taken place on the map of Africa.

And what to every Christian makes his labors more appreciated, and which exalts him in the eyes of some of our people, is the fact that according to his own report he was forced to call upon God for aid—and received it.

In his report to the chairman of the Emin Pasha Relief Expedition he says:

"You, who throughout your long and varied life have steadfastly believed in the Christian's God, and before men have professed your devout thankfulness for many mercies vouchsafed to you, will better understand than many others the feelings which animate me when I find myself back again in civilization, uninjured in life or health, after passing through so many stormy and distressful periods.

Constrained in the darkest hour to humbly confess that without

God's help I was helpless, I vowed a vow in the forest solitudes that I would confess His aid before men.

I was weakened by illness prostrated with fatigue and worn with anxiety for my white and black companions, whose fate was a mystery.

In this physical and mental distress I besought God to give me back my people.

Nine hours later we were exulting with rapturous joy.

In full view of all was the crimson flag, with the crescent and beneath its waving folds was the long lost rear column.

As I mentally review the many grim episodes and reflect on the marvellously narrow escapes from utter destruction to which we have been subjected during our various journeys too and fro through that immense and gloomy extent of primeval woods,

I feel utterly unable to attribute our salvation to any other cause than to a Gracious Providence, who, for some purpose of His own preserved us."

Who can say that he was not an instrument in accomplishing God's purposes!

Henry M. Stanley's discoveries alone are of great worth to the world, but with such an announcement as quoted above, made in the preface of his latest work, they receive the respect, which only faithfulness to duty and acknowledgment of God's power can command.

MUSIC AND HER SISTER, SONG.

The use of music, and the gift of song are each intimately blended and linked with the early, as with the latter history of the human race.

Modern usage allies them together as "The Divine Art."Poetic license speaks of music and her sister, song!

It is scarcely necessary to suggest, that our first parents, in the luxuriance of Paradise, were apt in song;for the record of their posterity points out, in the fourth chapter of Genesis, that Jubal, the son of Lamech, was "the father of all such as handle the harp and organ."Nor is the thought unwelcome that probably this mechanical ability, this culture of an art, was fostered, if not invited, by the great patriarch himself, who had assumed manhood without childhood, and was therefore likely, even if in transgression, to have had lingering memories of those subtle harmonies of pre-existent condition, from which he had but barely come.

It is easy to discover, that instrumentalists and singers increased with the earth's population, and that in all wanderings and segregations, there was preserved, enough understanding of that which ministered to an established—

primitive faculty of the soul And we may also infer, from the repeated mention of these arts, amid the paucity of historic detail, that they were quite as prominent as inference could desire.

With the passing away of the Adamic era, although but seven persons were preserved in the typical ark, some of these surely were adepts in one or both of these directions, or how shall we account lor their resurrection?

When Jacob fled with his wives and his substance from the house of his father-inlaw, who pursued him, Laban is made to chide the truant wanderer in these words:

"Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, and with tabret, and with harp?"—a query which indicates a widespread proficiency, and its application, to seasons of social fes-

MUSIC AND HER SISTER, SONG.

tivity.

It requires no stretch of imagination to believe that Seth and Enoch, that

Methuselah and Noah, that Shem and Abraham, utilized the natural expression of devotion and worship, as exhibited in music and in song.

Doubtless also the children of Israel, when tributary to the Pharaohs, when subject to systematic oppression and cruelty, sang in their own tongue, in the heart of Egyptian lore, literature, priesthood and cultivation, the more sublime strains of divine psalmody.as became the descendants of Abraham and their father Jacob, supposing that these melodies, plaintive or joyous, had been common to the nomads of the Syrian uplands, and beneath the silent stars!

When the vast hosts of Israel, fleeing from their pursuers, dashed forward, between the liquid walls of the Red Sea, and then, from the opposite shore, turned to mark the overthrow of their enemies, can any marvel that Moses for the nonce, as a poet-prophet, poured out his soul and voiced the feelings of his people in that magnificent triumphal song of their deliverance, as recorded in Exodus xv., or that it has come down the ages unto now as the first religious anthem in the record of our race!

Still further, it is notable as the first instance where the women of Israel, prompted by Miriam, the prophetess (the sister of Aaron), led that grand chorus with timbrels and with dances, "Sing ye to the Lord, for He.iath triumphed gloriously;

the horse and his rider hath He thrown into the sea!"

Passing over the songs of Deborah, Barak and Hannah, we come to that rich treasure-house of inspiration, compiled and known in the Bible, as "The Psalms."Many of these are from the heart and pen of David, who was designated "The Sweet Singer of Israel;"other authors also, had the like inspiration, evidently as preparatory to the sublime and overpowering exercises in that great temple projected of David, and dedicated by Solomon his son.

The recital of that august event, as portrayed in Chronicles, stirs the very fountains of the heart susceptible to religious enthusiasm or rite, it being the very climax of worthy and magnificent worship in all its appointments, even to minutiae.

When Jerusalem was humbled and Israel scattered, the love of music and song went with them into all lands, and although in their humiliation they "hung their harps upon the willows"and were unwilling "to sing the songs of Zion in a strange land,"yet the genius of song has remained with that marvellous race, and in modern times the descendants of unresting Israel are everywhere the kings and queens of music and of song! From the time when these celestial genii drove the evil spirit from Saul, their potency has been often acknowledged;

in that solemn hour preceding the betrayal of our Lord, He and His disciples sang a hymn prior to going out in the darkness to His death.

When Paul and Silas were in prison, they sang hymns until the foundations began to quake and the angel led them forth to liberty.

When Joseph the Prophet and his associates were in jail in Missouri, singing was their solace and their strength;

when the shadows of death hovered over Carthage jail, at the request of the Prophet, the late President John Taylor sang those suggestive and touching lines, of the revered Montgomery, "A poor wayfaring man of grief, had often crossed me on my way;"when the end was reached, at the renewed request of the doomed servant of God, it was repeated again and again, as if there was solace and sympathy gushing from every sentence, and yet perchance this was mingled with a foreboding beyond the reach of ordinary humanity, one only paralleled and felt by "the One,"who was "a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief,"as he uttered the never to be forgotten words, "My Father, my Father, why hastthou forsaken me?"This service of song, whether instrumentation did or not, entered into the internal economy of the ancient Christian church, hence Paul in writing to the Corinthians asked, "How is it then, brethren, when ye come together, everyone of you hath a psalm, a doctrine, a tongue, a revelation?"In Epistles sent to the Ephesians and Collosians, by the same writer, and in words that will

MUSIC AND HER SISTER, SONG.

live forever, the Saints were encouraged to lay aside, in social life, songs, probably of a frivolous and unmeaning character, "speaking to themselves in psalms, hymns and spiritual songs, making melody in their hearts unto the Lord.

Considering the strange influences of songs, realizing how, from dusty memories, they flit again before the sun, it is marvelous that no bard, not even the boasted mother church has handed down, viva voce or traditional, until the fathers fall asleep, any precious relic of that meridian time;

surely, in the vast eternities, the longing soul will be able to unroll the panorama of history, and, in detail, to catch again the incidents, the songs, music and surroundings of an epoch great as that! Songs of childhood are unforgotten; songs sung in Babylon ring yet in the turrets of the soul; songs on the plains recur again at unexpected times; songs sung in the missionary field are often vivid and touching to memory as if sung but yesterday;

songs sung in prison come again laden with thought and experiences that eternities have no power to destroy; all these are more than echoes; they are part of life;

they were among the forces of development;

they aided in labor;

they nerved to duty;

they gave strength in weakness;

stirring songs of the daydawn, sacred songs of the sunshine, precious "songs of the night In estimating experience, who can fail to understand the philosophy of the one who said, "Give me power to write the songs of the people, I care not who may make the laws!"The practice and philosophy of the past indicates the duty of the present!

Zion, as a living entity, cannot help but sing;

it is true to tradition, it is true to divine philosophy, it is true to the necessities of the immortal soul!

How then can there be seeming indifference, neglect, and opposition in the midst of her people!

Why should there be jealousies or rivalries in the ranks of those who teach or sing?

Whence comes the difficulty in the wards of Zion in maintaining the service of united song.

May be, because this is a period of transition, the old still lingers in the very marrow, or the choristers have not fully sensed the importance of their position in the sacred worship of the divine; they hardly feel themselves a part of the accredited auxiliaries of pure devotion.

It is not fully sensed that music and singing are of divine appointment;

that exercise in that way, is one of the preparatory processes of religious life;

that it is to it, as the early rain upon the soil, mellowing, softening, preparing for the reception of the seed; that it curbs the wandering thought, restrains each intrusion of the common life, centering by its penetrating power and influences (after singing with the spirit and the understanding) the restless or the vacant mind upon the pleasant things of God!

Some years ago the writer had the spirit to prepare the hymns used at the dedication of the temple in Logan. Prest.Geo. Q.Cannon suggested that this was a precious privilege, a great honor!

Leaders of choirs should absolutely feel as if this were their duty and their mission, that their powers and abilities needed to be as fully consecrated and as thoughtfully used, as would be those of a servant of God and a worker in His cause in any other direction of duty or appointment!

Indeed, there is probably n6 reason why choristers should not feel as if they had a mission; why they should not be set apart to this end, or why, when so acting, that they also are the veritable servants and handmaidens of God, and of Zion and its prophets. And if, perchance, they are honored and privileged to occupy this position in the great congregation, it should not necessarily lead to the thought that they are absolved from acting in this capacity in the Sabbath School, or in the choir of their little ward.

The experience gained under such tutors as Careless, Beesley and Stephens should be shown in greater devotion to Griggs and Lewis, and Vincent and Mclntyre, to Fones, Grant, Buckley, and hosts of others, faithful laborers as they are in all local or distant organizations;

it is only thus that increased knowledge and experience can be disseminated and increased; for good, soulful, heartfelt, correct and united song is just as necessary for the edification and spiritual life of the

2 3 8 ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

people in each ward, as for those who may gather beneath a loftier fane It is for universal musical culture in Zion, that the truly inspired artist works, that the poet writes, and that the mastery of music combines the ringing notes of song;

it is for this, that The Contributor presents its series of prizes for concerted excellence and progress in the divine art, and publishes the melodies and words.

The intent is to stimulate, to extend, to so cultivate the harmonies and essential spirit of mighty song, that Israel in her congregations may emulate the practices of the Levites and enjoy the glory and the spirit of the temple services of old, and that in earnestness, in thoroughness, in discipline, in effect, they may out-rank all the efforts cultivated by the votaries of erroneous faith, and that Zion in this, as in all other things, may eventually become the joy and praise of the whole earth.

H.

W. Naisbitt.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Office of the General Superintendence of the Y. M.M.I. A.

Salt Lake City, Utah, March 17, 1891.

To the Stake Officers of the Y. M.M.I. A.

Dear Brethren:—At the approaching April Conference, a meeting of the Stake Officers of the Y. M. M.

I. A. will be held for the purpose of giving instructions in relation to the work of the Associations.

The exact date and place will be duly announced.

Committees will be appointed at this meeting to make arrangements for the annual Conference which will be held in the

Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, commencing

Sunday morning, May 31st.

You are expected to be present at this business meeting held during April Conference.

If you and your assistants cannot all be present, please see that some one is here to officially represent your Stake.

Come prepared to give five minute reports on enclosed subjective headings.

We send you herewith, report blanks for the year ending April 30th, 1891, which you will please have correctly filled up and returned not later than May 15th.

Take steps at once to have your ward reports all promptly and completely sent you, so that your report to this office will reach here on or before May 15th.

Your brethren in the Gospel, Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F.

Smith, Moses Thatcher.

General Superintendency Y.M.M.I.A.

Address reports to Geo.

D.

Pyper, Acting General Secretary, Contributor Office, Salt Lake City.

P. O Box 305Continuing the special educational mission as reported in the December and

February numbers of the current volume ofThe Contributor, Assistant- General

Superintendent Milton H. Hardy, filled completely the following general southern programme.

At each place named two meetings, i.e.

an officers'or council meeting, and a general public evening meeting were held.

At the stake centers a general stake officers'meeting was held.

Tuesday, Jan.

6th, 1891, trained to Provo, Utah Co., and arranged for following series:

MILLARD STAKE.

Friday 9th, Scipio;

Saturday 10th, Holden; Sunday 11, Fillmore. A general stake officers'meeting was held here and the subjective headings for stakes and wards as published in the February number, current volume of The Contributor were carefully considered, together with the following additional to those lists which were omitted at the time the headings were printed, namely:—(24) Annuals;

(25) Manual;

(26) Inspection of records by stake officers;

(27) Reviews;

(28) Popularization of the study of the Book of Mormon, (a) Geography, Ancient or Old America;

(b) Home Reading;

(c) Lectures, historic thread, (see analyses);

MUSICAL COMPETITION.

^39 (d) biography, (c) sketches, (/) poems, (i), events, (2), heroes: (g) synchronisms;

(h) government, prosperty, education, and progress;

(z) historic facts hightened or intensified in historic principles;

(29) annual general conference;

(30) standard books;

(31) certificates, («) membership, (b) attendance, (c) efficiency—(1), general course, (2) special classes.

Tuesday 13.—Filled two appointments at Deseret.

BEAVER STAKE.

Wednesday 14, Introduced M.

I.

A.

Readings at Milford, and went on to Minersville for Thursday 15.

Friday 16, Beaver.

PAROWAN STAKE.

Saturday 17, Paragoonah; Sunday 18, Parowan; Monday 19, Cedar City; Tuesday 20, Kanarra.

ST. GEORGE STAKE.

Wednesday 21, Toquerville; Thursday 22, Virgen; Friday 23, Leeds; Saturday 24, Washington; Sunday 25, St. George;

Tuesday 27 and Wednesday 28, returned to Milford by stage, and Thursday 29, trained to Provo.

On this tour, seven hundred and fifty miles were traveled in eighteen days, and thirty six meetings attended.

February 1891, arranged for and held meetings according to following programme, holding two meetings and conferring with the officers and heads of departments as was done on the southern tour.

DAVIS STAKE.

Thursday, Februarys, West Bountiful;

Friday 6, South Bountiful; Saturday 7, East Bountiful—(officers'meeting).

Sunday 8, East Bountiful and Centerville;

Monday 9, Farmington;

Tuesday 10, Kaysville; Wednesday 11, South Weber;

Thursday 12, South Hooper.

WEBER STAKE.

Monday 16, Huntsville; Tuesday 17, Eden, Wednesday 18, North Ogden;

Thursday 19. Plain City.

BOX ELDER STAKE.

Friday 20, Willard; Saturday 21, Mantua; Sunday 22, Brigham City; Wednesday 23,

Honeyville.

CACHE STAKE.

Tuesday 24, • Richmond;

Wednesday 25, Smithfield; Thursday 26, Hyrum.

UTAH STAKE.

March, Wednesday 4, Spanish Fork;

Sunday 8, Santaquin and Goshen; Monday 9, Goshen and Payson, Wednesday 11, Spanish Fork again for sub- divisional work; Thursday 12, Provo Fourth Ward, for special class-work.

As we must account for every idle word, so we must for every idle silence.

MUSICAL COMPETITION.

The pieces selected for competition during the coming Y. M. M.

I. A. Conference, in addition to those announced last month are as follows: Duett (bass and tenor), "Ship Ahoy,"Harrison Millard;

solo (tenor), "Once Again,"(key beginning F minor), Arthur Sullivan;

solo (bass or baritone), "The Old Brigade"(Key G);

quartette, "Like the Woodland Roses"(see last Contributor).

Copies of the duett and solos are sold at the music stores of Coalter and Snelgrove and D. O. Calder's—prices: "Ship

Ahoy,"50 cents; "Once Again,"30 cts.;

"Old Brigade,"40 cents.

During the two days conference, it is expected that Salt Lake Stake classes will unite and furnish the singing for Sunday morning under E. Stephens;

all classes from south and west will unite and furnish music Monday morning under Professor H.

E.

Giles, of Utah Stake, and all clubs north and east of the city, will unite under the direction of Professor George Hyde, Weber Stake, and furnish the music for the afternoon meeting, Mondayjune 1st; theTabernacle

Choir furnishing the music Sunday afternoon and night.

Clubs should correspond with their conductors as to the choice of pieces, but we suggest that the first three pieces published in The Con-

PROUDLY AS THE EAGLE.

TRiiiUTOR be taken Monday morning and the next three in the afternoon—the Salt

Lake Clubs selecting other material so as to leave these clear for those who cannot so readily get together.

A piece entitled "Comrades in Arms"will be published separately in a lew days, and will be furnished free of charge to competing organizations.

Send for copies.

Address The Contributor Co., or E.

Stephens, E. First South Street, Salt Lake City.

PROUDLY AS THE EAGLE.

ALFRED STONE.

A LOUIS SPOHR.

5fc 5 S \j 1.

Proud 2.

Loud 3.

Thee, ly as the as might - y song, we ea - gle Wings his flight on thun - ders Peal - ing through the hon or, 'Tis of thee we high, skies, sing, WSs J mm i=^t?^=u r^rrr—r Let our song be swell - ing Upward to the sky, Soft as lov er's sigh - ing Shall our murmers rise, Loud er still and loud er Shall thy praises ring, 1—,- m^^^^H $*=£-- (2-—tr-^ Thrills with rapture Spreading joy a Thou dost e'er in While each glowing breast Heav'n-ly mu sic's sound Ho ly heav'nly fire, I r\J=k JU—i-rJ blest, round, spire, Edfr <5>../•

sb± While each glowing breast Heav'nly music's sound Ho ly heav'nly fire, ff Ball.

Thrills with rapture Spreading joy a- Thou dost e'er in- r~nr PiWhile each glowing breast Thrills with Heav'nly mu - sic's sound Spreading Ho ly heav'nly fire, Thou dost rap - ture blest, joy a round, e'er in spire.

m p- -1—

s II 3= blest each glowing breast, round, sweet music's sound spire with heav'nly fire.

^PRICE'S Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit.

Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

Every Toilet Table Should have a bottle of Ayer's Hair Vigor, the best preparation ever made for dressing the hair, restoring its color when faded or gray, preventing baldness, and keeping the scalp cool, healthy, and free from dandruff.

"I have used Ayer's Hair Vigor for some time and it has worked wonders for me.

I was troubled with dandruff and was rapidly becoming bald; but since using the Vigor my head is perfectly clear of dandruff, the hair has ceased coming out, and I now have a good growth, of the same color as when I was a young woman.

I can recommend any one suffering from dandruff or loss of hair to use Ayer's Hair Vigor."

Mrs. Lydia O. Moody, East Pittston, Me.

"Several months ago my hair commenced falling out, and in a few weeks my head was almost entirely bare.

I tried many remedies but they did me no good.

I was finally induced to buy a bottle of Ayer's Hair Vigor, and. after using only a part of the liquid, my head was covered with a heavy growth of hair.

I recommend your preparation as the best hair restorer in the world.

It can't be beat."—Thomas N. Munday,

Sharon Grove, Ky.

Ayer's Hair Vigor, Prepared by DR.

J.

C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass.

Sold by all Druggists and Perfumers.

For the Cure The Confidence Of colds, coughs, and all derangements of the respiratory organs, no other medicine is so reliable as Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.

It relieves sufferers from consumption, even in advanced 6tages of that disease, and has saved innumerable lives.

Ayer's Cherry Pectoral, Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co., Lowell, Mass. Sold by Druggists.

Price gl.

Six bottles, £5.

That people have in Ayer's Sarsaparilla as a blood medicine is the natural result of many years'experience.

It has been handed down from parent to child, as a favorite family medcine, perfectly reliable in all scrofulous disorders.

Ayer's Sarsaparilla, Prepared by Dr.

J. C. Aver & Co., Lowell, Mass.

Price SI; six bottles, 85.

Worth g5 a bottle.

Many Eise In the morning with headache and without appetite—symptoms of torpidity of the liver and a deranged condition of the stomach.

To restore healthy action to these organs, nothing else is so efficacious as an occasional dose of Ayer's Pills, Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer A Co., Lowell, Mass. Sold.bv Druggists and Dealers in Medicines.

AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER

TO AGE^IVT^.

We want Live, Energetic and Capable Agents in every county in the United States and Canada, to sell a patented article of great merit, on its merits.

An article having a large sale, paying over iooper cent, profit, having no competition, and on which the agent is protected in the exclusive sale by a deed given for each and every county he may secure from us.

With all these advantages to our agents, and the fact that it is an article that can be sold to every house-owner, it might not be necessary to make an "Extraordinary Offer"1 to secure good agents at once, but we have concluded to make it to show, not only our confidence in the merits of our invention, but its salability by any agent that will handle it with energy.

Our agents now at work are making from #150 to $600 a month clear, and this fact makes it safe for us to make our offer to all who are out of employment.

Any agent that will give our business a 30 days'trial, and fail to clear at least $100 in this time, above all expenses, can return all goods unsold to us, and we will refund the money paid for them.

Any Agent or General Agent who would like ten or more counties, and work them through sub-agents for 90 days, and fail to clear $750 above all expenses, can return all unsold and get their money back.

No other employer of agents ever dared to make such offers, nor would we if we did not know that we have agents now making more than double the amounts we guaranteed, and that but two sales a day would give a profit of over $125 a month, and that one of our agents took 22 oiders in one day.

Our large descriptive circulars explain our offer fully, and these we wish to send to everyone out of employment who will send us 3 one cent stamps for postage.

Send at once and secure the agency in time for the boom, and go to work on the terms named in our extraordinary offer.

We would like to have the address of all the agents, sewing machine solicitors and carpenters in the country, and ask any reader of this paper who reads this offer, to send us at once the name and address of all such they know.

Address at once RENNER MANUFACTURING CO., 510 Smithfield St., Pittsburgh, Pa.

Geo. A.. Lowe, Dealer in all Kinds of First-Class /}<2rieultural Implemeptj, Combining Latest Improvements with Lowest Possible Prices.

SCHUTTLER FARM I FREIGHT WAGONS,

BUGGIES, ROAD CARTS, SPRING WAGONS,

Bu<jlieye Mowers, Reapers and Binders,

CROWN MOWERS, DAISY SULKY RAKES,

BRADLEY and SOLID COMFORT SULKY and GANG PLOWS,

SUPERIOR PRESS GRAIN DRILLS, (latest and best).

Planet Junior Cultivators & Garden Tools,

ASPINWALL POTATOE PLANTER, X Ames Steam Engines.

Lane Saw & Shingle Mills.

V\ LEFFEL TURBINE WHEELS.

/jl* O v c\ Write for Catalogue.

Enquiries Answered Prorrpfly, <£.J a'

^.

<?.

<?offii? ^ardu/are Qo, Nails, Iron, Steel, Stoves, Granite Ware, Cutlery, DEALERS INe= Cordage, Pipe, Brass and Iron, Pipe Fittings, Rubber Hose, Builders'Hardware, Belting, Packing, Edge Tools.

Progress Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

OTI v A pamphlet of information and abstract of the laws, Showing How to/ v Obtain Patents, Caveats, Trade/ ^Marks, Copyrights, sent free., v Address MUNN & CO.

v361 Broadway, New York.

UBS BECAUSE THEV ARC THE BEST.

D. M. Ferry & Co's Illustrated, Descriptive and Priced

SEED ANNUAL] For 1891 will be mailed FREE Uo all applicants, and to last season's J "customers.

It is better than ever.

Every person using Garden, Flower or Field Seeds, should send for it.

Address D. M. FERRY A CO.

DETROIT, MICH.

| Largest Seedsmen in the world s-c^PIONBBR^-^ PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF nw«« IFJUQIJ High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St.

SALT XjAIKIE OIT1T, UTAH

+ PI0I]EEFI DRUG STORE,* LOGAN, UTAH.

Tine Oldest Drug House in Northern Utah. Can supply the Public and

Trade with anything in the Drug, Patent Medicine, and Oil line.

Orders given prompt attention and careful pricing.

RITER BROS., PROPRIETORS.

WATCHES, DIAMONDS, D» Jeuaelpy, Silvefcuare, Spectacles, Etc.

**0( CARPETS, purpitur?, U/all paper, Ta **.

lae<?

Qurtaips, U/ipdou; Shades, Ete [lardy, Ybup^ 9 <?o.

.-.FiRST.-.Qcpss.-.

pa/r\ily Qroeeries, Dry Qoods, Boots apd 5J?oe5HflRPV, - YOUHd is - QO., 28-30 /T\aii?

St., Opp. Z. Q. m 1.. SaK la Ke sity, 0.

j-i. p/lRDY, /nai?a$er.

THE DESERET SAVINGS

BANK.

JJlIHE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called £g to the Deseret Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

John Sharp, President, Moses Thatcher, Vice-President.

DIRECTORS.

E. A. Smith, Cashier.

John Sharp, H Dinwoodey, J. R. Barnes, Elias A. Smith, P. W.

Jennings, James Sharp, L.

8.

Hills, D. H. Peery, W. W. Rtter, Georor Romney.

Moses Thatcher,J. 0. Cutler, J. T.

Little.

£-J _ BEST-SIX-CORD {PPLfiTTfiljl ^WH'teW^wlHAKp $c MACHINE 26 LLTIudUp 28 LLThmUp 30 LLTkooUp 32

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

U'flAH LfflACKBfi TACTOSY, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

Sifaest dSmnd of c?ine WmMeM.

SALT LAKE CITY.

Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the Territory.

THE MUTUAL

LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW YORK RICHARD A. McCURDY, President, Statement for the year ending December 31st, 1890.

Assets, $147,154,961 20 Reserve on Policies at 4$, $136,668,368 (W Liabilities other than Reserve, 505,359 82 Surplus 9,981,233 38 Receipts from all sources,.......

34,978,778 69 Payments to Policy-Holders, 16,973,200 05 Risks assumed,....

49,188 policies, 160,985,98558 Risks in force 206,055 policies, 638,226,865 24 THE ASSETS ARE INVESTED AS Real Estate and Bond & Mortgage Loans,

United States Bonds and other Securities,.

.

Loans on Collateral Securities,....

Cash in Banks and Trust Companies at interest,

Interest accrued, Premiums deferred, etc.,

FOLLOWS.

$76,529,231 72.

51,311,631 54 8,624.400 00 3,556,441 59.

7,133,256 35 $147,154,963 20 I have carefully examined the foregoing statement and find the same to be correct.

A. N. WATERHOUSE, Auditor.

From the Surplus above stated a dividend will be apportioned as usual.

flk The business for 1890 shows INCREASE over that of 1889, as follows

In Assets, In Reserve on Policies and Surplus

In Receipts, In Payments to Policy-holders,.

«.

In Risks assumed,*....

4,611 policies, In Risks in force 23,745 policies, $10,753,633 18 10,554,091 94 3,859,759 0"?

1,772,591 67 9,383,502 21 72,276,931 32 Year.

Risks Assumed.

Risks Outstanding.

Payments to Policy-Holders.

Receipts.

Assets.

1884..

$34,681,420...$351,789,285...$13,923,062 19...$19,095,318 41..$103,876,178 51 1885.

46,507,139...

368,981,441.

.

14,402,049 90.

.

20,214,954 28.

.

108,908,967 51 ^886...

56,832,719.

.

.

393,809,203.

.

13,129,103 74.

.

21,137,176 67.

.

114,181,963 24 2887..

69,457,468...

427,628,933..

.

14,128,423 60.

.

23,119 922 46.

.

118,806,851 88 1888...

103,214,261.

.

.

482,125,184.

.

14,727,550 82..

.

26,215,932 52.

.

126,082,153 56 1889..

151,602,483...

565,949,934..

.

15,200,608 38.

.

31,119,019 62.

.

136,401,328 02 1890..

160,985,986.

.

.

638,226,865.

.

16,973,200 05.

.

34,978,778 69.

.

147,154,961 New York, January 28th, 1891.

Samuel E. Sproulls.

Lucius Robinson.

Samuel D. Babcock.

George S. Coe.

Richard A. McCurdy.

James C. Holden.

Hermann C. Von Post.

Alexander H. Rice.

Lewis May.

BOARD Oliver Harriman.

Henry W. Smith.

Robert Olyphant.

George F. Laker.

Jos. Thompson.

Dudley Olcott.

Frederic Cromwell.

Julien T. Davies.

Robert Sewell.

OR TRUSTEES.

S. Van Rensselaer Cruger.

Charles R. Henderson.

George Bliss.

Rufus W. Peckham.

J. HOBART HERRICK.

Wm. P. Dixon.

Robert A. Granniss.

Henry H. Rogers.

Jno. W. Auchincloss.

Theodore Morford.

William Babcock.

Preston B. Plumb.

Stuyvesant Fish.

Augustus D. Juilliard.

Charles E. Miller.

James W. Husted.

Walter R. Gillette.

Jame3 E. Granniss.

ROBERT A. GRANNISS, Vice-President.

WALTER R. GILLETTE, General Manager.

ISAAC F. LLOYD, 2d Vice-President.

WILLIAM J. EASTON, Secretary.

FREDERICK SCHROEDER, Assistant Sec'v.

ARCHIBALD N. WATERHOUSE, Auditor.

EMORY McCLINTOCK, LLD., F. I. A.,

Actuary.

JOHN TATLOCK, Jr., Assistant Actuary.

CHARLES B. PERRY, 2d Assistant Actuary.

FREDERIC CROMWELL, Treasurer.

JOHN A. FONDA, Assistant Treasurer.

WILLIAM P. SANDS, Cashier.

EDWARD P. HOLDEN, Assistant Cashier.

WILLIAM G. DAVIES, General Solicitor.

WILLIAM W. RICHARDS, Comptroller.

Medical Directors:

CUSTAVUS R. WINSTON, M.D.

E.

J. MARSH, M.D.

GRANVILLE M. WHITE, M.D W. F. ALLEN, General Agent, Nebraska, North ai.d South Dakota Wjoming and Uiah,

Omaha, Kebiaska.

LOUIS HYA MS, District Manager for Utah.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

J. A. ERVIN AND M. P. GILCHRIST, Special Agents

Salt Lake City, Utah.

BROW'IVI^O BROS OGDEN and SALT LAKE CITY.

MHNUFACTURERS,:WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN (0 < < h Z § We can furnish anything in our line, and our Prices are Lower than the lowest.

We have 'ne largest and best equipped repair shop in the United States, and are prepared to do all kinds ol repwnng.

&&• Send for Illustrated Catalogue.

«4ei WaahtngtonAv*., T T-T A XJ 166 S Main Street Ogden.

*-J ± Air*.

Salt Lake City.

*tNNEDy$ ig^p TteR COMPOUNDED WITH MINERAL WATER.

BEST REMEDY For sale by aJl Druggists.

z^rfe~\^Q ^jT 8=j~ 72L iMAINSf SaltLakeCitY:

SiSil 45 <S 45 Sfate St, Chicago,: (Mil!MM!

L.

M. RUMSEY MANUFACTURING CO.

MANUFACTURERS A:

.TORIIERS OF Sanitary Specialties.

Foundry Railway Supplies.

PUMPS. WOOD AND IRON WORKING MACHINERY.

AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS.

LEAD PIPE, SHEET LEAD AND GAS PIPE.

PLUMBERS STEAM & GAS FITTERS SUPPLIES.

References—D. James tfc Co., and Z.

C. M.

I.

ST.

LOUIS.

Largest and most comBOOlIS 8HQ plete Stock Wholesale and Retail.

Stationery.

Text Library and Mormon Books Specially.

I 76 S. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

eTHE^ ^-Thomson ^ fDajW Spice (Jo.,-* SPICES UNO FLAVORING EXTRACTS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the Kamft *roua Brand of^=~=^ RED CROSS LYE.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET,

CHICAGO.I IT IS THE BEST.

TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN I mm i laekwell's Durham Tobaeco The LARGEST SALE of any Tobacco in th

World.

FOR PLEASURE, COMFORT, HEALT"SMOKE THE MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W.T.BliftCKtfKLL & Cb.

L; DIJRHflM,lV.C.

BEARS TUB PaPLJLAR BECAUSE RELIABLE*

HIGHLAND BRAND

VAPORATE A TABLE IiUXURY and an INFANT'S FOOD.

otive x\ierxt,.efresIiin g;, JLVconomical, x\.bsolutely Pure i^Xatcliless FOR FOR SALE BY ALL GROCERS Coffee, Cooo£i, Chocolate, Ice Cretirxi, Fruits^ Desserts, EJto., Etc.

FR/'.NGIS ARMSTRONG PRIES P.W.MADSEN VICE PREST.

,^^0 OCfa M.E.CUMM1NGS CASHIER.

¥~> FRANCIS P W. MADBEN T.W.ELLERBECK BOLIVAR ROBERTS GEO.nr CANNON THOS.W.JENNINGS OP..JDS.S.RICHARDE OSCAR H.HARDY M.EXUMMINGS y~r jjJI^iiAST 1ST SOU'iH ST.

'tah.

GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

piu<^ per <?ei?t: Interest paid 017 5au 'I?^s Deposits.

COMPOUNDED FOUR TIMES A YEAR.

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH.

H OM E F IR E O F U TAH THE POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

U.

S.

Government Report, Aug.

17, /SSg.

STATE BAflK Op UTAfl.

SALT LAKE CITY.

'«•• J*t •«•««••*««»«••.#>«•

CAPITAL, $500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, President.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Cashier.

JI RECTORS JOSEPH F. SMITH.

CHARLES S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. ROWK.

NKPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H. CANNON. PRANK Y. TAYLOR.

SPENCER CLAWSON.

PHILO T. FARNSWORTH.

ELIAS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOUNG.

HENRY A. WOOLLEY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays S per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

"Jl?e Ceadip<£ Implement Dealer^"„>«.»».«,'»"""*>"««"»'"«»Uirta„"•'••.»....,.,.

*v» •I..«•»«"^f..->-^y "*u«M, - - ^*r*- DIRECTORS HERER,T. GRANT, JOSEPH F. SMITH, JOSHUA F. GRANT, FRANCIS M. LYMAN, GEORGE T. ODELL, JOHN HENRY SMITH, WILLIAM W. RITER, CHARLES S. BURTON,

GEORGE ROMNEY, JUNIUS F. WELLS, GEORGE Q. CANNON.

officers:

HEDER J. GRANT PRESIDENT;

JOSEPH F SMITH, Vice-President,- RULON S. WELLS, Secy, and Treas.

BRANCHES.

E.

T. WOOLLEY, MAMA6BB OdOBK BRANCH, NEWEL W. KIMBALL.

MVNAKKK LOGAN BRAXQIf.

G. G. WRIGHT, KGB.

hiaiio kalis BRAHCH M.

I). WELLS.

MOB. MONTI-BLIUK BRANCH.

GEO.

T. ODELL, General Manager.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS.

J.

F. GRANT, Manager.

Main Street, with State Bank.