October Heber J.

I THE,mm& ONTRIBUTOR A•MONTHLY AACAZINE-. & volxii -OCTOBER; 189!

• N012 PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR CO SALT • LAKE -CITY- UTAHera si $end in your Numbers for Binding.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER, 1891.

PAGE.

Church Emigration. VI.

British Emigration in Detail, ». Andrew Jenson.

Then, O Faith, You Pierced the Darkness,

Edward H. Anderson. 450 Evolution and Creation.

II Joseph Stanford 451 Invocation to Charity L. M. Hewlings. 456 Public Speaking, B. H.

Roberts. 457 The Gladiolus, Josephine Spencer. 459 Life and Labors of Orson Pratt,

Milando Prair.

Shoes in the Bottle, Leo Hsefeli. 465 Riches, Heber J. Grant. 467 Reminiscences of William C.

Staines i\. Vista, Ruby Lamont. 473 Editorials: The Missionaries The Contributor President Joseph F. Smith Speeches of Presidents Woodruff and Cannon at the% Irrigation Congress

Wrong Side Out Reliance, Marvin E. Pack. 478 Home Discipline Association Intelligence Music: The Soldier's Farewell Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst.

Cashier.

Zioi/s ^a\j\r)6$ Ban, 3 & 5 ©a<yfc 'ilcmpfe St., §>a£k i£a&e Qihx j DOES A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

ESTABLISHED 1873.

INCORPORATED 1888.

DOES A DIRECTORS.

Wilford Woodruff, PresL, George Q. Cannon, Vice-Prest.,

Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack,* Le Grande Young, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, rT. B. Clawson.

Pays €5 Per Cent.

Interest on Savings deposits.

ss SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Boxes for Rent at Reasonable Charge, Money to Loan, °l£SSS£?

at Itom Hates of Interest.

Deut.

v, SO.

A concern in this city is circulating posters which pretend to -how T"II f\ I S the result of a contest of mowing machines f nUw m^ e under the supervision of Professor Sanborn, of the Utah Agricultural

College, Logan.

The poster is not authentic and the figures therein are published without consent. The^J ^Jj £k "^p trial was not publie;

it lasted three ^J fl f\ ua I days,instead of one, as the poster indicates, which, by omissions and inaccuracies, is incomplete and does not show the result.

IT IS MISLEADING, AND EVIDENTLY SO IN ML I#%« TENDED. PROFESSOR SANBORN'S FULL|HW? AND COMPLETE REPORT WILL BE PUBLISHED IN SEPTEMBER OR OCTOBER, 1891, AND OVER HIS 0M DEAD CIAL '^NATURE, WILL BE GIVDEMnEN A TRUE STATEMENT OF THE CONTEST REFERRED TO.

The poster now des, cribing said contest is incomplete, therefore unreliable.

There have been J"JL p ^* HJ"more Walter A.

Wood Mowers made ™A^!hb%9 8£» and sold than any other make in the world and the good work still goes on.

Farmers are the best judges.

An inspection of Walter A.

Wood machinery results 1A# ITTM -t ^i ^i *n a purchase.

The Wood ma^fW I I 1^1 Ei^J^J chin ery is continuously in this market and has been for more than a quarter of a century.

You can always obtain extra parts, tk ^% fk i jgVJ ^* "IF1 Other machines may take their f\ %Jg ff^ 1 1^| %) r4 vacations to recuperate, but the Wood, never.

Its repertoire consists of Enclosed Gear Mowers, Tubular Steel Mowers, Enclosed Gear Reapers and Hay Kakes in many ^"IJW sizes.

Junior Sweep Reapers, and the only | O and justly celebrated Single Apron Steel Platform, Self Binding Harvester Manufactured.

We claim for the above machines simplicity, originality, strength and BL Ip I f^ ^J W% ^% f^lightness of draft.

False III fEL I %sM IO 13 %3 ll arguments and misrepresentation are unnecessary to effect a sale of

Walter A. Wood machinery or their celebrated Pure Sisal Binding Twine.

Our goods are fully warranted.

Respectfully, Leading Implement Dealers, CO-OPERATIVE WAGON & MACHINE CO.

E. T. WOOLLEY, DIRECTORS and OFFICERS.

Manager Ogden Branch.

HEBER J. GRANT, President.

G G WRIGHT JOSEPH F. SMITH, Vice-Presiden'.

Manager'Idaho Falls Branch, GRANT HAMPTON, Taeasurer.

,,„„,„, „T „,,,„,„W.

J. BATEMAN, Secretary.

NEWELiW. KIMBALL JOSHUA F. GRANT, FRANCIs M LTMAN, Manager Logan Branch, JN0> HENRY -MITH, WILLIAM W. RITER, M. D. WELLS, CHAS. S. BURTON, GEORGE ROMNEY, Manager Montpelier Branch.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, GEO. Q. CANNON.

CAPITAL, $300,000.

PAID IN, $250,000.

GEO. T. ODELL, General Manager.

BHQSJfc Celebrated <3orsets.

?g^HE merit and popularity Stik$< of these Corsets is attested by the fact that v^^T over two million were q|?^ sold last year in this ^S country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.'Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation, recognized, for they have "Dr.

They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

Sgggsia *fistsi1777ft* &»»»&& •^WARNER * BROS..:

New Yoirl*: arxd Chicago.

?iSiSiSit77?4iSiSiSiSiSii&l&$*

For Sale in Salt Lake City For Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I., i Z.

C. M.

I.

SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., i W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

COHN BROS., SMUIN & THOMAS, R. K. THOMAS.

J. WOTHERSPOON.

WARNER BROS.'Celebrated Corsets.

S.P.TEASDEL

P. 0. Box 352, Salt Lake City.

Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots and

Shoes, Hardware, Notions and All Kinds of GENERAL MERCHANDISE.

Best House for Family Supplies.

EAST TE^kII»Iv^ IT. S.P.TEASDEL SECURE A SET OF THE Mo Mo Jfo READING COURSE.

they will soon be gone.

address:

THE CONTRIBUTOR CO.

m ASENCYJor^ 4. pamphlet of information and abtract of the laws, showing How to/

Obtain Patents, Caveats, Tvade/

Marks, Copyrights, sent free.

Address MUNN &.

CO.,.361 Broadway, New York.

TujjIoi I^omneij, J^mgtag Go, LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

Rustic, pia9^,Joi$ts, Rafters, Stymies, fl)ouldir^s.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

Salt JLrCilce City.

i.

®o*jLt2x Temple St., B. F. & H. L. SWEET, -MANUFACTURERS OF- ^"COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS,:i* "Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

Co-operative 'VVagjon. and ^L&.&~k\±x*.& Co., General Western Agents.

AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER

TO AGENTS.

We want Live, Energetic and Capable Agents in every county in the United 1 Stater and Canada, to sell a patented article of great merit, on its merits.

An article having a large sale, paying over iooper cent, profit, having no competition, and on which the agent is protected in the exclusive sale by a deed given for each and every county he may secure from us.

With all these advantages to our agents, and the fact that it is an article that can be sold to every house-owner, it might not be necessary to make an "Extraordinary

Offer'1 to secure good agents at once, but we have concluded to make it to show, not only our confidence in the merits of our invention, but its salability by any agent that will handle it with energy.

Our agents now at work are making from

J150 to $600 a month clear, and this fact makes it safe for us to make our offer to all who are out of employment.

Any agent that will give our business a 30 days'trial, and fail to clear at least $ioo in this time, above all expenses, can return all goods unsold to us, and we will refund the money paid for them.

Any Agent or General Agent who would like ten or more counties, and work them through sub-agents for 90 days, and fail to clear $750 above all expenses, can return all unsold and get their money back.

No other employer of agents ever dared to make such offers, nor would we if we did not know that we have agents now making more than double the amounts we guaranteed, and that but two sales a day would give a profit of over $125 a month, and that one of our agents took 22 oiders in one day.

Our large descriptive circulars explain our offer fully and these we wish to send to everyone out of employment who will send us 3 one cent stamps for postage.

Send at once and secure the agency in time for the boom, and go to work on the terms named in our extraordinary offer.

We would like to have the address of all the agents, sewing machine solicitors and carpenters in the country, and ask any reader of this paper who reads this offer, to send us at once the name and address of all such they know.

Address at once RENNER MANUFACTURING CO., 510 Smithfield St., Pittsburgh, Pa.

Geo. A. Lowe, SALT LATCB CITY, OGrDKRT db LOGrAM.UTAH

Dealer in all Kinds or First-Class /^rieultural Implemer^, Combining Latest Improvements with Lowest Possible Price*.

SCHUTTLER FARM It FREIGHT WAGONS, BUGGIES, ROAD CARTS, SPRING WAGONS,

Bciolsieve Mowers, Reapers t»r-id. Binders, CROWN MOWERS, DAISY SULKY RAKES.

BRADLEY and SOLID COMFORT SULKY and GANG PLOWS,

SUPERIOR PRESS GRAIN DRILLS, (latest and best).

Planet Junior Cultivators & Garden Tools,

ASPINWALL POTATOE PLANTER, Ames Steam Engines.

Lane Saw & Shingle Mills.

LEFFEL TURBINE WHEELS.

Write for Catalogue.

Enqyiiies Answered Promptly.

^. % ^offii? ^ardu/are Qo, Nails, Iron, Steel, Stoves, Granite Ware, Cutlery, DEALERS IK< Cordage, Pipe, Brass and Iron, Pipe Fittings, Rubber Hose, Builders'Hardware, Belting, Packing, Edge Tools.

Progress Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Finest and Largest Variety of l^[/eddimj (jards #> Partjf Tickets Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

/T\erel?aQt priptir/^ ^ompapy, JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

Manager.

,'—29 W. 8outh Temple 8t., cj A t m T * mn rivrwv*.

Nearly ope. So. Temple Oat*.

©AJL1 ljA3S.iL till.

ht^-PIONEER^ih PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St SALT XjAIKTIE CITY, utah:

LM.RUMSEY MANUFACTURING CO.

MANUFAOTUBER8 & JOBBERS OF SANITARY SPECIALTIES* Foundry and Railway Supplies.

PUMPS WOOD AND IRON WORKING MACHINERY.

AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS.

LEAD PIPE, SHEET LEAD AND GAS PIPE.

PLUMBERS, STEAM & GAS FITTERS SUPPLIES.

References—D. James <& Co., and Z.

C. M.

I.

ST, LOUIS.

>©ES^$MEDt'KENNEDY'S UTAHBOOK & STATIONERY Co SUCCESSORS TO TTEKi MALERIALi(lDNEra.LUN(^ "£>*& DISEASSE5<'e§a$ 1-1—I w,,,CORTICELLLM ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, z wm y X *4 ffj J PQ K K.

W o D y a;

Q These are the., in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of thread} The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli"built.

C. H. SAMPSON, Agent.

!APORATED CREAM;, HIGHLAND BRAND EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated, to a creamery consistence and Thoroughly Sterilized IVlay be diluted v^itb either Water

Or fresh Milk: to any desired consist^ ence Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to Jt^ng;!*:

«&s I^O-toism, Agents, p.o.Bcx 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

To Consumers of Pure Lara.

To meet the increasing de mand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers throughout Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City, Aaeuis for ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS NTY, MO.

mm mmmmi ((EkM f?>LLY(/OU0HTL WthaS D0ZEN -5 (^* THE REASON WHEREOF ",fc?K I will tell; - 1t 15 NOT BECAUSE OF HER BEAUTIFUL r*ift:\.CD CLOTHE5, iPWlg^JSk T0 C00 >< ON TH05E.<s> CHARTER OAK 5TOVE5 "InATS HOW 5 H E BECAM E 4} SUCH A BELLE!

For Sale by Z. C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

J '~f 1>J

Vol.

XII.

OCTOBER, 1891.

No.

12.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

VI.

BRITISH EMIGRATION IN DETAIL.

The following table gives the date and port of sailing, name of ship, and leader of company, so far as I have been able to obtain the same, together with the number of souls in each of the thirty-two companies of Saints, which emigrated from Great Britain to Nauvoo from to 1846:

The following detailed account of the thirty two companies has been compiled with giteat care, and with a special view to accuracy, from public and private documents, both in printed and manuscript form:

First Company.—Britannia, 41 souls.

The following is recorded in the history of Joseph Smith:

"Saturday, June 6th, 1840, Elder John Date of Sailing.

Port of Sailing.

Name of Ship.

Leader of Company.

Total No.

of Sou] Emigration Agent.

1 June 6th, 1840 Liverpool, Britannia 2 Sept.

8th, 1840 Liverpool! North America 3 Oct 15th, 1840 Liverpoolj Isaac Newton 4 Feb.

7th, 1841 Liverpool Sheffield 5 February, 1841 Bristol 6 Feb. 16th, 1841 Liverpool Echo 7 March 17, 1841 LiverpoolAlesto 8 April 21st, 1841 Liverpool; Rochester o'Sept. 21st, 1841 Liverpool] Tyrean 10 Nov.

8th, 1 841 Liverpool Chaos 11 Jan.

12th, 1842 Liverpool Tremont 12 Feb.

5th, 1842 Liverpool: Hope 13 Feb. 20th, 1842 Liverpool]John Cummins 14 March 12, 1842 Liverpool) Hanover 15 Sept. 17th, 1842 Liverpool Sidney 16 Sept. 25th, 1 842 1 Liverpool Medford i7JSept. 29th, 1 842] Liverpoolj Henry i8,Oct. 29th, 1842 Liverpool|fEmerald 19'Jan.

16th, 1843'LiverpoolSwanton 20; March 8th, 1843: Liverpool] Yorkshire 2i!March 21, i843!LiverpoolClaiborne 22Sept.

5th, i843,LiverpoolMetoka 23'Oct.

21st, i843|Liverpool;Champion! }an.

23rd, 1 8441 Liverpool Fanny 25|Feb.

6th i844,Liverpool]lsaac Allerton 26Feb. nth, i844: LiverpoolSwantonf 27! March 5th, 1 844, Liverpool Glasgow 28 Sept. 19th, 1 8441 Liverpool, Norfolk 29'jan.

17th, i845|LiverpooljPalmyra 30. February, 1845 Liverpoolj 3rSept'mb'r, i84S|LiverpoolOregon 32jan.

I6th, 1846 LiverpoolLiverpool [Miscellaneous LiverpooljMiscellaneous John Moon Theodore Turley Samuel Mulline'r Hiram Clark Daniel Browett Thomas Smith Bngham Younj Joseph Fielding Peter Melling Amos Fielding Levi Richards Orson Hyde John Snider Parley P. Pratt Lorenzo Snow 8o8iThomas Bullock William Kay Hiram Clark Amos Fielding Hiram Clark Miscellaneous ic"i8i i:'200 *200 41 Brigham Young 200 Brigham Young 50 Brigham Young Brigham Young Brigham Young Brigham Young Brigham Young Brigham Young P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding P. P. Pratt and Amos Fielding P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding P.P.Pratt aud AmosFielding P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding 214 P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding 157 P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding 250 P.P.Pratt and AmosFielding 212 Amos Fielding and H.Clark 83'Amos Fielding and H.Clark 106'Amos Fielding and H.Clark 280 Amos Fielding and H.Clark 9i|Amos Fielding and H.Ciark 210 Reuben Hedlock 60 Reuben Hedlock 81 Reuben Hedlock 150 Reuben Hedlock 143 Reuben Hedlock *2Co Reuben Hedlock B 86 Reuben Hedlock s"i25 Reuben Hedlock 45 Reuben Hedlock *i37 Reuben Hedlock iroximate.

fThere is a discrepancy in the number of souls on the Emerald.

Elder Hiram Clark, who assisted to fit out the company, says she carried 314, but I have taken the number stated by

Elder Pratt.

%i.

e.

Second trip made by that ship with "Mormon"emigrants.

C.H I JRCH EMIGRA TJO N.

Moon and a company of forty Saints, to wit:

John Moon, Hugh Moon, their mother, and seven others of her family, Henry Moon, (uncle of John Moon), Henry Moon, Francis Moon, William Sutton, William Sitgraves, Richard Eaves,

Thomas Moss, Henry Moore, Nancy Ashworth, Richard Ainscough, and families, sailed in the ship Britania from Liverpool for New York, being the first Saints who have sailed from England for

Zion."The Britannia arrived in New York on

Monday, July 20th, 1840, from whence the emigrants continued the journey to Nauvoo, Illinois.

Second Company.—North America, about 200 souls.

Saturday, September 5th, 1840, Apostles Brigham Young and

Willard Richards went from Manchester to Liverpool, and in the evening organized a company of Saints bound for New

York, by choosing Elder Theodore Turley, a returning missionary, to preside, with six counselors, among whom was Elder William Clayton, one of the earliest

English converts.

Apostles Brigham Young and Willard Richards went on board the North America on Monday the 7th, and remained with the Saints on board over night.

On Tuesday morning, about nine o'clock, the vessel was tugged out by a steamer.

The Apostles accompanied the emigrants about fifteen miles, and then left them in good spirits.

The company had a prosperous voyage to New York, where they arrived in the beginning of October, and from there they continued the journey to Buffalo, New York.

Owing to the expensiveness of the route many of the emigrants fell short of means to complete the journey to Nauvoo;

they therefore divided at Buffalo, a part going to settle in and around Kirtland, Ohio, while the balance, under the leadership of Theodore Turley, continued the journey to Nauvoo, to which place Joseph the Prophet states he had the pleasure of welcoming about one hundred of them, about the middle of October, 1841.

Third Company.—Isaac Newton, about souls.

This company, embracing the first Latter-day Saint emigration from Scotland, has not been noted before in Church history.

The following particulars are gleaned from the private journal of Samuel Mulliner, who was the leader of the company "The ship Isaac Newton sailed from Liverpool October 15th, 1840, with a small company of Scotch Saints, under the direction of Elders Samuel Mulliner and Alexander Wright.

The passage cdst £2 17s 6d for adults, and 19s 3d for children.

After a most pleasant passage of forty-eight and one half days, the company arrived in New Orleans in the evening of

December 2nd.

On the 4th they started on a steamboat for St. Louis, the fare being $4 00 for an adult.

The water in the river was low, and the emigrants were delayed several days in consequence thereof; but they finally arrived in St.

Louis December 17th.

Elder Mulliner was unsuccessful in his attempt to hire a boat to take the company to Nauvoo, and therefore a number of the emigrants remained at Alton, Illinois, until the following spring, when they reached Nauvoo in safety."This was the first company of British Saints who emigrated by way of New Orleans.

Fourth Company.—Sheffield, souls.

The following is culled from the history of Joseph Smith Saturday, February 6th, 1841, a council meeting was held at Brother Richard Harrison's, seventy two Burlington Street,

Liverpool, for the purpose of organizing a company of Saints going to New Orleans on the ship Sheffield.

Captain Porter, Apostles Brigham Young, John Taylor and Willard Richards and other officers were present.

Elder Hiram Clark was chosen president, and Thomas

Walmsley, Miles Romney, Edward Martin, John Taylor, Francis Clark and John

Riley, counselors to President Clark. Edward

Martin was appointed clerk and historian of the company.

President Clark and his counselors were blessed and set apart for their mission.

The Sheffield sailed from Liverpool, bound for New Orleans, with two hundred and thirty-five Saints on board, on

Sunday the 7th.

In the Millennial Star,

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Volume I, page two hundred and sixtythree, the following occurs:

"The emigrants were from Preston, Manchester and other towns of England, and were destined for the colonies of the

Saints in the State of Illinois, and the Territory of Iowa.

Among the company was a large proportion of the industrious poor, who were upon the point of starvation in this land (England), or who were working like slaves to procure a very scanty substance.

By the kindness of their brethren they were enabled to escape worse than Egyptian bondage and go to a country, where they can by their industry obtain an inheritance and enjoy plenty for themselves and their children."

After a passage of fifty-one days the company landed in New Orleans;

three deaths and two births having occurred on the voyage. On arriving at New Orleans,

Elder Clark made a contract with a steamer to carry the company to St.

Louis for two dollars and fifty cents each, including baggage.

From St. Louis to Nauvoo they secured a passage on the Goddess of Liberty for one dollar each.

About thirty of the emigrants who had become disaffected through false reports, tarried at St.

Louis.

The bulk of the company landed in Nauvoo, April iSth, 1841, about eleven o'clock in the evening.

Notwithstanding the late hour, quite a number of the brethren stood on the shore to welcome these new arrivals from the old world.

Fifth Company.—181 souls.

About the same time as the Sheffield sailed from

Liverpool (February, 1841), another company of Saints from Herefordshire and the surrounding country sailed from Bristol, but I have been unable to learn the name of the ship, or the number of emigrants going on it.

However, basing my calculation on Apostle Parley P.

Pratt's statement to the effect that one thousand people had emigrated up to April, 1841, we have grounds for believing that about one hundred and eightyone souls sailed from Bristol on that occasion.

Sixth Company.—Echo, souls.

According to the history of Joseph Smith,

Apostles Brigham Young, Willard Richards and John Taylor met in council at Burlington Street, Liverpool, Thursday, February nth, 1841, and set apart, by the laying on of hands, Elder Daniel

Browett, to take charge of a company of

Saints about to sail for New Orleans, on the ship Echo, (Captain Wood); John Cheese, David Wilding, James Lavender,

William Jenkins, Robert Harris and John

Ellison were also set apart to be his counselors. Elder Browett was appointed clerk and historian of the company.

The Echo sailed from Liverpool, bound for New Orleans, Tuesday, February 16th, 1841, with one hundred and nine Saints on board, but I have been unable to find any particulars about the voyage.

Seventh Company.—Alesto, 54 souls.

The ship Alesto sailed from Liverpool bound for New Orleans, with fifty-four Saints on board, under the direction of Elders Thomas Smith and William Moss.

No particulars are at hand concerning the voyage.

Eighth Company.—Rochester, souls. Tuesday April 20th, 1841, Apostles

Brigham Young, Heber C.

Kimball, Orson Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, John Taylor, George A.

Smith and Willard Richards and family went on board the ship Rochester, Captain Woodhouse, at Liverpool, bound for New York, with a company of one hundred and thirty Saints.

Captain Woodhouse delayed his sailing two days, to accommodate the Elders.

The Rochester sailed on the twenty first and arrived at the quarantine ground at New York May 19th, after a toilsome passage.

At one time she was beset with head winds and a tedious storm, when the Apostles united in prayer, in answer to which the storm abated, the sea became calm, and the voyage was continued with rejoicings.

On the twenty-eighth of April the ship encountered a tempest, shipped a heavy sea in which Apostle Woodruff got thoroughly drenched, while Willard Richards escaped under the bulwarks.

The Rochester arrived at the dock in New York about four o'clock p.m., on Thursday, May 20th, but the passengers were prevented from landing by the

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

carters and rowdies until late in the evening.

Such was the confusion in New York at that time at the arrival of a ship, steamboat or coach, that strangers were led to suppose that the city was with out mayor, marshal, police or any other officer to keep the peace.

The company remaind in New York until the fourth of June, when the journey was continued, under the direction of Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and

John Taylor, via Philadelphia to Pittsburg by railway and canal transportation.

They traveled on what was then called the swift line, for which they paid fourteen dollars for each adult; the slow line carried passengers for nine dollars.

After staying four days at Pittsburg, they set sail on the steamboat Cicero, June 12th, and after having proceeded about fifteen miles the boat ran on a sand bank, where it was detained three days;

in fact the boat ran aground several times, the water being very low, and the passengers were three weeks on board before they arrived in Nauvoo.

The weather was also extremely warm.

Apostle Kimball, in a communication to the Millennial Star, advised future emigrants to come by way of New Orleans, on which route the accomodations would be better and the fare less, and he also recommended that British Saints should sail in the cool part of the season.

The company finally arrived in Nauvoo

July 1st, 1841, and was met on the river bank by about three hundred Saints, who had come down to meet the new-comers.

A greater manifestation of love and gladness had perhaps never been witnessed among brethren in this dispensation than that which was exhibited on this occasion when the Prophet Joseph met his brethren of the Twelve, whom he loved so dearly.

Joseph was the first person on board the steamer which brought the company in, and gave the immigrating Saints a warm and hearty greeting.

•Ninth Company.—Tyrean, 207 souls.

On Tuesday, September 21st, 1841, the ship Tyrean sailed from Liverpool with two hundred and seven Saints bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans, under the presidency of Joseph Fielding.

By chartering the ship for the purpose, the company saved about six hundred dollars.

The Tyrean arrived in New Orleans in the early part of November, from whence the emigrants proceeded to Warsaw, Hancock County, Illinois, about twenty miles below Nauvoo, where they arrived

November 24th.

It was the intention to locate the newcomers on the site of Warren, a new settlement, which the Saints tried to locate one mile south of Warsaw, but difficulties arose with the old settlers, in consequence of which the

British emigrants moved to Nauvoo about the middle of December, following. Some of them had previously moved thither.

Tenth Company.—Chaos, about 170 souls.

"On Monday, November 8th, 1841, the splendid ship, Chaos, sailed from Liverpool, bound for New Orleans, under the charter of the Latter-day Saints.

She carried out nearly one hundred and seventy passengers.

Cheerfulness and satisfaction seemed to pervade every heart as they bade farewell to their native shores, and launched forth toward the land of promise."{Millennial Star, Volume II, page 105.)

Patriarch Peter Melling was placed in charge of the company, which arrived in Nauvoo early in 1842, as Joseph Smith, under date of March 7th, 1842, records that "Peter Melling, the Patriarch, from England, brought to the office, thirteen dollars and thirty-seven and a half cents in cash, and sixty-five dollars'worth of clothing from Parley P. Pratt and Amos Fielding, of England."{Millennial Star, Volume XIX, page 135 Eleventh Company.—Tremont, souls.

The ship Tremont sailed from Liverpool January 12th, 1842, with one hundred and forty-three passengers, mostly Saints, bound for Nauvoo via New Orleans.

This was the first company that sailed in 1842.

Under date of Sunday March 27th, 1842, the Prophet Joseph records "I witnessed the landing of one hundred and seventy English Saints from the steamer Ariel under the presidency of Lyman Wight;

also about three thousand dollars worth of goods for the Temple and

Nauvoo House."

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

These must have been the passengers who crossed the Atlantic in the ship Tremont, and perhaps some that emigrated in the Chaos two months previous.

It is likely that Peter Meeling the leader of the Chaos company, pushed through with only a portion of his people, and that the others waited somewhere on the road to come on to Nauvoo with the Tremont passengers.

Twelfth Company.—Hope, 270 souls.

The ship Hope, Captain Soule, sailed from Liverpool February 5th, 1842, with two hundred and seventy passengers, mostly members of the Church, bound for

Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

Under date of April 13th, 1842, the following is recorded in the history of Joseph Smith "About one hundred and fifty Saints from England, landed in Nauvoo from the steamer Louisa, and about sixty from the steamer Amaranth."These were undoubtedly a portion of the emigrants who sailed in the Hope.

Thirteenth Company.—John Cummins, about 200 souls.

Previous to the sailing of this company, the following emigration notice appeared in the Millennial Star:

"The John Cummins is chartered for us, and is to sail on the twentieth of February 1842.

Immediate application should be made by those who wish a passage.

Passage costs from ^"3 15s to £\, including provisions.

Passengers find their own bedding and cooking utensils; and all their luggage goes free.

On arriving at New Orleans, a passage can be obtained up the Mississippi River, fifteen hundred miles by steamer, for fifteen shillings, and freight free, as we have learned by letter from Elder Joseph Fielding, who sailed with two hundred passengers in the Tyrean last September."The John Cummins sailed on the day appointed.

(February 20th, 1842.) In the Times and Seasons of May 16th, 1842, the following appears in an editorial notice "Elder Amos Fielding has just arrived in Nauvoo with about one hundred and fifty emigrants from England; a ship load came sometime ago."This last sentence has very likely reference to the Saints sailing in the John Cummins.

Fourteenth Company.—Hanover, about souls.

The ship Hanover sailed from Liverpool March 12th, 1842, with about two hundred Saints on board bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans, in charge of Amos Fielding.

After a prosperous trip Amos Fielding arrived in Nauvoo with about one hundred and fifty of his company, May 14th, 1842.

Fifteenth Company.—Sidney, souls.

On Saturday,September 17th, 1842, the ship Sidney, Captain Cowen, sailed from Liverpool, with one hundred and eighty Saints on board, under the direction of Elder Levi Richards, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

George D.

Watt the first man baptized in England, who emigrated with this company, writes from New Orleans, under date of November 13th, 1842, as follows "We have had a passage of fifty six days—fine weather—with a kind captain and crew, who allowed us every reasonable privilege. There have been five deaths out of the company, and one sailor who fell from the yard arm and was killed.

The dead are Brother Yates'eldest child, Sister Cannon, (mother of President George Q.

Cannon,) Brother Browne's child and two children belonging to a man who is not in the Church.

We stuck upon the sand bar at the mouth of the river (Mississippi) thirty four hours.

About two hours after we got off, the Medford came on the bar, where she stuck thirty hours.

We landed here (New Orleans) on the eleventh instant and the Medford arrived to-day the thirteenth.

She lies about ten yards from us.

We have taken one of the largest and best steamboats in this port.

We pay two dollars and fifty cents per head, and twenty-five cents per one hundred pounds above the weight allowed each person, which is one hundred pounds.

We are all going up together; i.e. The Sidney and

Medford passengers.

After tarrying three days at New Orleans, the emigrants embarked on the steamer Alexander Scott and made rapid progress till they had passed the mouth of the Ohio River, when they ran a-ground

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

and remained fast three days.

After getting clear again they continued the journey to within ninety miles of St. Louis, where the vessel had to remain three weeks for want of water.

When the emigrants finally arrived at St.

Louis, it was the dead of winter, and the river being frozen up above that city, it became necessary for the Saints to remain there for awhile until communication opened up again with the towns on the upper Mississippi.

Without much difficulty houses and provisions were secured, and the remainder of the winter was spent quite comfortably in St. Louis.

In April, 1843, tue journey was continued to Nauvoo.

Sixteenth Company.—Medford, souls. On Sunday, September 25th, 1842, the ship Medford, Captain Wilber, sailed from Liverpool with two hundred and fourteen Saints bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans, under the presidency of Apostle Orson Hyde, who was returning home from his mission to Jerusalem.

The Medford arrived in New Orleans, November 13th, 1842, after a fair passage, having had only two deaths on board.

From New Orleans the emigrants continued the trip up the river in company with the passengers who had crossed the Atlantic on the Sidney, but were detained in St. Louis because of ice on the river, until the lollowing'spring, when the journey was continued to Nauvoo.

Seventeenth Company.—Henry, 157 souls.

Thursday, September 29th, 1842, the ship Henry, Captain Pierce, sailed from Liverpool with one hundred and fifty-seven Saints bound for Nauvoo, via

New Orleans, under the direction of John

Snider.

Elder Snider arrived in Nauvoo January 23rd, 1843, but his company of emigrants were detained on the way because of ice on the Mississippi River, and did not arrive in Nauvoo till the following spring.

Eighteenth Company.—Emerald, 250 souls.

October 29th, 1842, the ship Emerald, Captain Leighton, sailed from Liverpool with two hundred and fifty Saints bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans, under the direction of Apostle Parley P.

Pratt, who writes:

"We had a tedious passage of ten weeks and some difficulties, murmurings and rebellions; but the Saints on board were called together, and chastened and reproved sharply, which brought them to repentance. We then humbled ourselves and called on the Lord, and he sent a fair wind and brought us into port in time to save us from starvation.

We landed in New Orleans early in January, 1843.

Here I chartered a steamer cabed the Goddess of Liberty, and took passage with the company for St.

Louis.

Run ning up the river for about a week, I landed with my family in Chester, Illinois, eighty miles below St. Louis.

The company continued on to St. Louis."

On account of ice in the river which made it impassable for steamboats, the emigrants were forced to remain in St.

Louis until the spring, when the Maid of

Iowa, Captain Dan Jones, came down from Nauvoo and brought the people up.

Under date of April 12th, 1843, the Prophet Joseph writes "About five p. m., the steamer Maid of

Iowa, hauled up at the Nauvoo House landing, and discharged about two hundred Saints, in charge of Elders Parley P. Pratt and Levi Richards.

These had been detained at St. Louis, Alton, Chester, and other places through the winter, having left Liverpool last fall. Dan Jones, captain of the Maid of Iowa, was baptized a few weeks since; he has been eleven days coming from St. Louis, being detained by ice.

I was present at the landing and the first on board the steamer, when

I met Sister Mary Ann Pratt (who had been in England with Brother Parley,) and her little daughter only three or four days old.

I could not refrain from shedding tears;

so many of my friends and acquaintances arriving in one day (another company in charge of Lorenzo Snow had arrived the same day) kept me very busy receiving their congratulations and answering their questions.

I was rejoiced to meet them in such good health and fine spirits; for they were equal to any that had ever come to

Nauvoo."Nineteenth Company.—Swanlon, 212 souls.

On Monday, January 16th, 1843, the first British emigrant company of the

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

season sailed from Liverpool, Captain Davenport, with two hundred and twelve

Saints on board, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans, under the direction of Elder Lorenzo Snow.

During the first four weeks of the voyage, continued head winds prevented the ship from progressing very fast, but on the seventeenth of February the wind became fair, and continued so during the remainder of the voyage.

A few days after leaving Liverpool, the company was more fully organized by the appointment of Elders M. Auley and Robert Reed to act as counselors to Lorenzo Snow.

The emigrants were also divided into two grand divisions, and twelve officers appointed to attend to the comfort and cleanliness of the Saints.

At six o'clock every morning the bell sounded for all to arise; prayer meetings were held every night at seven o'clock; there was preaching every Tuesday and Thursday nights and twice on Sundays.

Peace and health prevailed among the people, though some were disposed to rnurmer a little.

Much of the power of God was manifested in the restoration of the sick by anointing with oil, and through the prayer of faith.

The following is from the Biography of Lorenzo Snow, written by his sister, Eliza

R. Snow, (page 65):

"The commander of the ship Swanton,

Captain Davenport, and officers of the crew, were kind and courteous, which contributed much to ameliorate the discomfort incident to life on the ocean.

The steward, a German by birth, was a young man, very affable in manner, and gentlemanly in deportment—a general favorite and highly respected by all.

During the latter part of the voyage he took sick, and continued growing worse and worse, until death seemed inevitable.

All means proved unavailing, and the captain, by whom he was much beloved, gave up all hope of his recovery, and requested the officers and crew to go in one by one, and take a farewell look of their dying friend, which they did silently and solemnly as he lay unconscious and almost breathless on his dying couch.""Immediately after this sad ceremony closed, one of our sisters by the name of

Martin, without my brother's knowledge, went to the captain and requested him to allow my brother to lay hands on the steward, according to our faith and practice under such circumstances, saying that she believed that the steward would be restored.

The captain shook his head, and told her that the steward was now breathing his last, and it would be useless to trouble Mr. Snow.

But Sister Martin was not to be defeated;

she not only importuned, but earnestly declared her faith in the result of the proposed administration, and he finally yielded and gave consent.""As soon as the ioregoing circumstance was communicated to my brother, he started toward the cabin where the steward lay, and in passing through the door met the captain who was in tears.

He said:

'Mr. Snow, it is too late; he is expiring;

he is breathing his last My brother made no reply, but took a seat beside the dying man.

After devoting a few moments to secret prayer, he laid his hands on the head of the young man, prayed, and in the name of Jesus Christ, rebuked the disease and commanded him to be made whole. Very soon after, to the joy and astonishment of all, he was seen walking the deck, praising and glorifying God for his restoration.

The officers and sailors acknowledged the miraculous power of God, and on landing at New Orleans, several of them were baptized, also the first mate, February 26th, 1843."At New Orleans the emigrating Saints left the Swanton, and, on board the Amaranth, wended their way up the Mississippi River to St. Louis, where they arrived Wednesday, March 29th, 1843.

There they had to remain a few days, laying in a boat, waiting for the river to open, before they could continue the journey to Nauvoo.

Descriptive of the arrival of the company at Nauvoo, the following occurs in the history of Joseph Smith, under date of April 12th, 1843 "Before the Elders'Conference closed, the steamer Amaranth appeared in sight of the Temple, coming up the river, and about noon, landed her passengers at the

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

wharf opposite the old PostOfficeBuilding, consisting of about two hundred and forty

Saints from England, under the charge of Elder Lorenzo Snow, who left Liverpool last January, after a mission of nearly three years.

I, with a large company of the brethren and sisters, was present to greet the arrival of our friends, and gave notice to the new-comers to meet at the Temple to morrow morning at ten o'clock to hear instructions.

After unloading the Saints, the Amaranth proceeded up the river, being the first boat up this season."In the afternoon of the same day the Maid of Ioiva arrived in Nauvoo with Parley P. Pratt's company of British Saints.

Twentieth Company.—Yorkshire, 83 souls.

On Wednesday, March 8th, 1843, the ship Yorkshire, Captain Bache, sailed from Liverpool with eighty three

Saints on board, under the supervision of Elders

Thomas Bullock and Richard Rushton.

The following is from the history of Joseph Smith, under date of May 2nd, 1843 "About one o'clock, p. m., the mate of the ship Yorkshire opened the Testament at the twenty-seventh chapter of the Acts, and asked the passengers how they would like to be shipwrecked like Paul

Elder Thomas Bullock replied instantly:

'It is very likely we shall be shipwrecked;

but the hull of this old vessel has got to carry us safe into New Orleans.'The mate was then called away to hoist the foretop royal sail.""Between one and two o'clock next morning, when off Cape St.

Antonio, Cuba, there was much vivid lightning, when a white squall caught the foretop royal sail, which careened the vessel, when the foremast, mainmast and mizenmast snapped asunder with an awful crash; the whole of the masts above, with the jib and spanker, and sixteen sails and studding poles, were carried overboard with a tremendous splash and surge, when the vessel righted.

At daybreak all on deck was in confusion and a com plete wreck.

During the day a sail was hoisted from the stump of the main mast to the bow of the vessel, thus leaving nothing but the hull of the vessel to carry the Saints into New Orleans."

From New Orleans the journey was continued up the Mississippi River, and "on Wednesday, May 31st, 1843, the steamer Amaranth"writes the Prophet

Joseph, "landed in Nauvoo the Saints, who had left Liverpool in the Yorkshire, under the care of Elders Thomas Bullock and Richard Rushton, all well; and also some Saints who had left there more recently in another vessel."Twenty-first Company—Claiborne, souls.

March 21st, 1843, the ship Claiborne, Captain Burgess, sailed from Liverpool with one hundred and six Saints, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

No account of this voyage is at hand.

Twenty second Company.—Meloka, souls.

"The splendid ship Metoka, Captain M'Laren, sailed from Liverpool,

September 5th, 1843, under very favorable circumstances.

The Saints on board gave expression to their feelings in various hymns, which they sang as the vessel was towed into the river.

The ship, which is admirably adapted for passengers, together with the respectable appearance of the emigrants, appeared very much to surprise the bystanders, who were compelled to acknowledge that they had not often witnessed the departure of such a people."The Metoka made the trip to New Orleans in seven weeks.

The captain M'Laren, together with the other officers of the ship, were kind and attentive to the emigrants during the passage.

Three deaths occured on board, namely one sister and two children.

From New Orleans the usual route was taken up the

Mississippi River, and a majority of the emigrants landed in Nauvoo November nth, 1843.

Twenty third Company.—Champion, souls.

October 21st, 1843, tne ship Champion sailed from Liverpool with ninty-one Saints on board, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

The above which is taken from Linforth's "Route from Liverpool to Great Salt Lake Valley,"is all the information that I have been able to glean about this company.

Twenty fourth Company.—Fanny, 210 souls.

The ship Fanny, Captain

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Peterson, sailed from Liverpool, Tuesday, January 23rd, 1844, with two hundred and ten Saints on board, under the direction of Elder William Kay, who in a letter to Reuben Hedlock, dated New

Orleans, March 9th, 1S44, gives the following account of the voyage:

"We came into New Orleans on the seventh of March, 1844, at seven o'clock in the morning.

We should have been in sooner, but for having to stop at the bar for a considerable time to wait for a steamer, and we had also a calm in the bay; but I believe that) no people that ever crossed the Atlantic had a more prosperous journey than the Lord has favored us with.

The captain and crew declared they never experienced such a passage before; but such a captain and crew for kindness I believe could scarcely be met with;

his liberality exceeds all that »ever came under our notice.

The cabin and its provisions have been at the service of all who stood in need of them, and the captain has with his own hand ministered unto the necessities of all that required it.

We have had two deaths on board; the first was the wife of Elder James Jones, of Alfrick; she died on the nineteenth of

January, and was buried in the sea on the morning of the twentieth, off the island of Porto Rico.

The other death was the youngest child of Sister Greenhalgh;

it died on Monday last.

* We have had regular meetings or prayer morning and evening, and three times each Lord's day, administering the Sacrament in the afternoon.

The Saints generally have shown a willingness to give heed to counsel from myself and

Brothers Hall and Cuerden.

We have this morning the steamer alongside of us, and intended gathering our baggage on board to-day.

I assure you we rejoiced exceedingly at the sight of the steamer, which was the

Maid of Iowa, and at the thought of going up in a vessel belonging to the Church, and commanded by an Elder of the Church, Brother Dan Jones."

Under date of Saturday, April 13th, 1844, the history of Joseph Smith says:

"About five o'clock p.

m., the Maid of Iowa arrived at the Nauvoo House wharf, filled with passengers from England, led by William Kay.

Two hundred and ten souls started from Liverpool and nearly all arrived in good health and spirits.

One smaller company had previously arrived."Twenty-fifth Company.—Isaac Allerton, 60 souls.

February 6th, 1844, the ship, Isaac Allerton, Captain Torney, sailed from Liverpool with sixty Saints on board, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

The company arrived in Nauvoo in the beginning of April, 1844, a few days prior to the company sailing in the ship Fanny.

Twenty-sixth Company.—Swanton, souls.

February nth, 1844, the ship Swanton, Captain Davenport, sailed from

Liverpool with eighty-one Saints, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

The history of Joseph Smith says that a company of eighty Saints arrived in Nauvoo, Friday,

April 18th, 1844, which undoubtedly was the company that sailed in the Swanton.

Twenty-seventh Company.—Glasgow, souls.

March 5th, 1844, the ship Glasgow, Captain Lambert, sailed from Liverpool with one hundred and fifty Saints on board, under the direction of Hiram Clark, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

Besides the foregoing, the following from the history of Joseph Smith is all the information I have been able to glean about this company:

"Saturday, April 27th, 1844, Hiram Clark arrived in Nauvoo, accompanied by one hundred and fifty immigrating Saints."

Twenty-eighth Company.—Norfolk, 143 souls.

"The fine ship Norfolk, Captain Elliott, sailed from Liverpool, September 19th, 1844, under very favorable circumstances, at a quarter past three o'clock p.

m., having on board about one hundred and forty-three souls put on by us.

We rejoice to see so practical an illustration of the faith of the

Saints being unshaken by the late tragical events in the west, and that the Saints are not living according to the precepts of men, but the word of God."The above is an editorial published in the Millennial Star, Vol.

IV., pige 80.

45Q THEN, O FAITH, YOU PIERCED THE DARKNESS.

This was the first ship load of Saints sent out from England after the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Proceeding up the river, a number of the emigrants found it necessary, for the lack of means, to settle down temporarily at St.

Louis, Missouri, while all who were able continued to Nauvoo.

Twenty-ninth Company.—Palmyra, about 200 souls.

January 17th, 1845, the ship Palmyra, Captain Barstow, sailed from Liverpool with a company of Saints under the direction of Amos Fielding, bound for Nauvoo, via New Orleans.

According to calculations based on a report made by Reuben Hedlock, stating that he shipped nine hundred and ninety adult passengers between January, 1844, and January, 1846, about two hundred passengers must have sailed on the Palmyra.

No other information is at hand concerning this company.

Thirtieth Company.—86 souls.

In the Millennial Star of January, 1845, (Vol. V., No.

8), the editor says:

"The fine ship Palmyra, Captain Barstow, is expected to sail with a numerous party of emigrants on the 16th instant.

We would also give further notice that we shall have a ship sail between the first and tenth of February.''''That such a ship did sail about that time is proven by a letter written by one of the passengers, (James Kay), and dated St.

Louis, Missouri, May 20th, 1845.

The writer says:

"We landed in New Orleans on the sixteenth of April.

On the eighteenth we started up the river on board the. Julia

Chateau, and after a rather miserable passage of nine days, we saw the city of St.

Louis.

On the twenty-eighth Brother Mackintosh, and as many of the company who would and could go forward, took passage on the Galena for Nauvoo.

A number of the Saints remained in St. Louis to seek employment in order to earn means wherewith to continue the journey to Nauvoo.

Brother Kay also mentions that a number of the passengers who had crossed the Atlantic on the Norfolk and Palmyra had taken employment at St. Louis.

Thirty first Company.—Oregon, about 125 souls. Some time in September, 1845, the ship Oregon, Captain Borland, sailed from Liverpool with about one hundred and twenty-five Latter-day Saint passengers, bound for Nauvoo, via

New Orleans.

We have been unable to glean any information about the voyage.

Thirty-second Company.—Liverpool, Saints.

January 16th, 1846, the ship Liverpool, Captain Davenport, sailed from Liverpool for New Orleans with seventy-seven souls on board, including forty-five Saints, among whom were Hiram Clark and wife, Sister Phebe

Woodruff and two children, Elijah F.

Sheets and wife, and several families who went to join their friends in their journey across the Rocky Mountains.

This was the last company of British Saints that sailed for America before the emigration was temporarily suspended, because of the exodus of the Saints from

Nauvoo.

Andrew Jenson.

THEN, O FAITH, YOU PIERCED THE DARKNESS.

Like a listless mountain rover

Rushing over gulch and rill, Wond'ring what is just before him, What lies o'er the nearest hill,

Doubtful 'mong the throngs of people,

I my aimless path have trod, Often witched with wealth and splendor,

Fired, at times, with thoughts of God,-

Wishing freedom from the bondage

That has made the millions fond

Of life's fraud and glitter;

wishing, Oh, that one could see beyond When the hills of doubt rose higher,

Capped with clouds of deep despair,

So that he who sought the summit,

Failed to find the sunlight there

Then, O Faith, you pierced the darkness,

Like a sun of hope on high, Bade my weary soul take courage,

Scattered mists and lit the sky,

Strengthened all my trembling weakness,

Marked the course that Jesus led,

Whispered, "If you seek the glory,

Paths of work and duty tread!"

Edward H. Anderson-

EVOLUTION AND

CREATION.

Several thousand years have now closed their rounds of time upon this order of things without any change in the natural laws regulating the powers of reproduction, which in their very order, admit of no evolutionary changes into other forms.

And we are bound to infer, in fact we are justified in coming to a positive conclusion, that what nature has omitted to provide for in the procreation and perpetuation of the several grades and classes of animal existence into gradually changed structural forms, that certainly by the use or disuse of the functions, as the property of organic substances, by no known causes or good reasons, could such results be produced.

Again, if we could by any process of logical reasoning demonstrate as true this theory of evolution in its application to man, in that he has descended from the lowest organic life, we must on the same line of reasoning anticipate the future as having other formal changes through which the brute creation and man will have to pass.

What shall we then anticipate in this direction? Can evolution thus interpreted produce any awakening emotions in the human heart, any pleasurable reflections and impression regarding the future state?

Let us rather take the reverse view which inspires the soul with veneration, love and praise towards the divine being who brought man to inherit a body the very impersonification of God his Creator.

In following this line of reasoning we will naturally refer to the vegetable kingdom, the laws of which provide for innumerable distinct and separate classes.

Many of these classes are grouped in families, varying in but a slight degree, proportionate, relatively speaking, with the variations existing in family groups among animals.

We admit that some classes of vegetables mix by inoculation, but which detracts from both the form and quality.

Grafting and budding are resorted to in botanical science in graded kinds and classifications in their own particular family groups, but no good results, indeed, no success attends the effort in any attempt to mix the separate and distinctive classes.

While we find in the forest and prairie wilds, in canons and mountains, where the presence of mortal agency is seldom felt, the oak, the fir, the cedar, the walnut, the pine, and a thousand other varieties growing side by side for hundreds of years, and each through nature's laws retains its own peculiar shape, color and form in foliage, and all the other properties distinctive of its class, or separate kind.

But to return to the subject of man.

We have in our remarks already stated that he was first formed spiritually;

that this spiritual life embodied or possessed the intellectual power which manifests itself through the brain; and as we have also stated that some philosophers and scientists affirm that thought—intellect—is the property of the brain, we wish to give some of our views on these conclusions.

It is generally admitted that the brain is the seat or center through which the spirit manifests itself intelligently and directs and controls all the organs and functions of the body.

Beecher says "The more brain the more intelligence."

Many other writers assert that the greater the intellect the larger the brain.

Now we cannot bring our minds to adopt this view.

We do not believe altogether in quantities.

We would rather favor quality, if indeed such a term is admissable.

We remember that some thirty years ago there existed quite a mania for the exhibition of high foreheads, among both sexes, as an evidence of the presence of great intellect, insomuch that a practice prevailed in combing back the hair and in some instances shaving it back to expose as much of the front of the head as possible.

Now if the more brain the more intellect doctrine be true then we would have good reason to believe that mind—thought—intelligence is a property of the brain and that an increase of intellectual power is the natural result of an increased growth of the brain, or in other words by way of illustration, that the man who starts out at the age of twenty-five years in pursuit of knowledge

EVOLUTION AND

CREATION.

in any portion of the great field of intellectual excellence, if he pursues the study of any particular science, art, or profession, or succeeds to eminent qualifications in statesmanship, that year by year as he progresses, develops, unfolds increased knowledge, and adds to and gathers influence and power, the brain must grow and the head must become enlarged;

it must further devolop in size to admit ot this increased growth or enlargement of the brain, which growth would be apparent in the appearance of the physical form, and one evidence of this growth would be in the ever varying demand in the enlarged size of the hat or head-gear that such a person would wear.

Hence on this principle we would look to leading prominent minds to have a proportion of head in striking contrast to those of ordinary minds whereas men of every grade of intellect, with all the ever-varying changed conditions brought to pass by the application of their mental powers, have not found, after the body has matured, which is generally at the age of twenty-one years, that there has been any enlargement of the head unless by some organic disease.

On the other hand we do not think that the size of the head or brain has so much to do with the extent and powers of intellect as some are, at first thought, disposed to concede. Our own observation in business experience has been that some persons of dull, sluggish intellect have worn the largest size hats l/2 to 7$—

while many smart, bright, intelligent individuals have been content with 6}( and 6%.

This order has been reversed in others. We are aware the argument may be urged that this difference was due to the enlarged animal organs of the brain.

We would say, if these latter organs predominated in size, no evidence of the fact exhibited itfelf in the acts or conduct of these individuals.

We think there is but little, if any difference, in the component parts of the brains of different individuals.

It depends upon the operation of certain physical laws peculiar to the human body as to how much strength and effect the spiritual activity is permitted to impart or transmit, and which comes through what is termed the faculties of the brain.

Where imbecility, mental depression, or insanity is manifest, such a condition is purely attributable to physical decay or weakness. Remove decay; restore strength; and the spirit finds the machinery through which it operates in a condition to manifest its intellectual forces.

The intensity of the rays of light and heat of the sun, upon which the vegetable kingdom depends largely for its productive forces, is often dimmed and made obscure by atmospheric causes.

When clouds, storms, or night, shut out the light, the potency and brilliancy of the sun's power are diminished; remove the obstruction, as in the case of the intellectual spirit operating through the brain, and both shine forth in all their primeval strength and glory.

We will now refer to the creative power which existed and still now exists in advance of, and which is superior to, all physical laws, and in which Darwin, Spencer and others do not believe; and as they argue in justification of this position it is because "no one living has seen, heard or witnessed any exhibition of this creative power,"that all the miracles performed, all the great events that have transpired upon this earth, by and under the direction of God, "we are dependent upon the writings and testimony of dead men for—men who passed away thousands of years ago."And yet the same authors will turn round and ask us to believe in their theory of evolution with regard to the origin of man, a theory which advocates that animals of a distinct specie are evolved out of one entirely different in organization, and yet no man living can be found who ever witnessed or beheld anything of this kind taking place.

Where is the consistency in such logic?

On the other hand, notwithstanding, the antiquity of scriptural records and theory, keys are given whereby tests may be applied to prove the truth or falsity of the doctrine therein advanced.

Now the question naturally arises, how did physical laws originate?

Did they create themselves?

Let us examine the question as rational beings and investigate with a view of reaching tangi-

EVOLUTION AND

CREATION.

ble, definite results.

It is declared that God made man in his own image and likeness.

Does man possess inventive, or to use another term, creative power?

Yes.

His powers of construction and creation are great.

God did not make something out of nothing; he had spiritual and temporal elements to operate upon through which he developed great results—the formation of the spiritual or intellectual man and the formation of the temporal body as the abode of the spiritual man.

Man has had the temporal elements in a more crude or gross form to operate upon. He has drawn upon these resources, and through them developed great and happy results.

We note his handiwork;

his constructive or creative genius displayed in building cities and towns;

in the erection of magnificent buildings, exhibiting architectural designs and splendor.

He manipulates the soil for his support through vegetation and fruits; he traverses the seas and rivers in ships propelled by machinery all of his own invention; he utilizes the subtle elements, discovers, comprehends their applications, adapting them to his use and makes them subservient to his will; and notwithstanding each and all have properties, forces and powers peculiar to its and their kind and class separate and distinct and independent within itself and themselves, man uses, directs, controls all.

Even the animal, fowl and fish creations, man holds dominion over.

And he still develops, unfolds, evolves other truths, greater lights and depths of knowledge and power.

Cannot we then rationally and intelligently comprehend *a higher creative power much more superior in development than that possessed by man, a power that extends its operations to the illimitable fields of space wherein the more subtile elements of matter exist and which can be operated upon by superior intelligence formulating laws controlling these elements and utilizing them for the benefit of temporally organized intelligence?

There is something more tangible, we think, in this reasoning than in Darwin's theory of the origin of man.

This superior creative power referred to, existing from the beginning, superior to the physical laws of the universe, has manifested itself through temporally organized existence at different periods upon^this earth.

This power we call God.

This Being was and is interested in man, who is His offspring, whom he created, first spiritually and then temporally and then placed him upon this earth. Man kept his first estate.

In spirit form he obeyed his spiritual parents and was promised a temporal sojourn or probation upon this earth.

But as things temporal are typical of things spiritual, as there are different grades of intelligence on earth, there also exists a diversified state or condition intellectually in the heavens among spiritual beings, and this difference that we see manifest in the flesh is in great part attributable to the difference which existed with the spirits before they came to possess bodies of flesh and blood.

To reason upon this at great length would not be proper or germane to the question at issue.

Accepting the Scriptures as of divine origin, as containing a record, among other matters, of events which have transpired under inspirational influence and power, we will proceed to refer to instances wherein the great creative power of God has been made manifest; wherein is exhibited demonstrative evidence of a power superior to physical laws which govern the universe and which permeate all the creation of the Almighty.

As Moses is one of the most conspicuous among men to whom this great Intelligence made himself familar, we will first refer to him.

Moses, after bringing the Israelites up out of Egypt under the command of God, stretched forth his rod over the waters pi the Red Sea, and the waters divided and the Israelites passed through dry-shod.

The natural physical laws regulating the flow of this sea were here suspended;

at a give point the waters became stationary, but above and below this particular point they followed on in their natural course.

Soon a breach or an open space was made and dry land appeared.

This miracle was performed—this ex-

EVOLUTION AND CREATION

hibion of superior directing, controlling power seemed imperatively necessary to be exercised on this special occasion as being, apparently, the only means of escape for Israel from the wrath of the pursuing Egyptians.

The children of Israel arriving at a point where there was no water to assuage their thirst, Moses smote the rock with his rod and water gushed forth.

Only think that out of rock water should be made to flow.

Moses on another occasion saw a bush on fire but the fire did not consume or destroy.

This was marvelous in his eyes and the voice of the Lord came forth from the bush saying "Take off thy shoes for the ground whereon thou standest is holy."Three Hebrew children, for disobeying the edict of a certain king were cast into a fiery furnace.

So intense was the heat that some of the guards were burned in performing the work of casting these three persons into the flames.

The Hebrews suddenly found an accession of one to their number—an angel and they moved about in the fire and came forth out of it uninjured.

The consuming power of fire and heat was in this instance, by the presence and power of this angel, controlled and directed from the bodies of these three persons, (or suppressed it,) so that it did them no harm.

Daniel in the den of lions exercised a power to influence their ferocious natures to docile tractibihty so that they did him no injury, while they immediately killed and devoured his enemies when they were placed within their reach.

Samuel, while resting quietly in his grave, at the request of Saul, through the influence of the Witch of Endor, was raised up and held an interview with Saul, and he orally predicted many things which literally came to pass in Saul's subsequent bitter experience.

We have not the time to enumerate or note the many marked miraculous events wherein the power of Deity was made manifest in divers ways, both among the people of the Western Continent as well as in the land of Palestine, between these instances already referred to and the period when the Savior, the Son of God, made his appearance among men.

The history and character of these great events are familiar to the minds of all.

There is no lack of instances wherein great and marvelous demonstrations of the exercise of extraordinary manifestations of creative power by a Supreme being, holding control and dominion over all physical laws, have been given.

But to do justice to the subject we feel that it will be necessary to refer to the divine will and power made manifest in the life and mission of Jesus.

Jesus we find at an early age, although not having had the advantages of a classical education, neither having been raised under the influence of wealth, holding a discussion on doctrinal subjects with the most learned and talented of the

Jewish aristocracy, not distinguishing himself as far as we have any record for anything remarkable about his personal form or features, in the size of the head or any other peculiar physical phenomona, but for the exhibition of superior wisdom and judgment.

The advent of His ministry was marked with characteristics of a great mind.

His sermons, though delivered in simple, plain language, were original in themselves in a marked degree.

While they breathed humility, love, charity and kindness, the sentiment conveyed lofty and dignified conceptions of the duties and responsibilities of man towards his fellow-man.

In parables and figurative speech, he illustrated principles and doctrines which have commanded the highest admiration and praise from the brightest intellectual minds in all subsequent periods of time.

The powers of his brilliant spirit shone forth in celestial prominence.

Though mortal, he was not far removed from the infinitudes of wisdom, understanding and power which moved divine intelligences to action.

But to be an example to man, he condescended to be subject to the conditions which surrounded him.

To do good to all was his motto, even to love his enemies.

Who among mortals, if possessed of the power he controlled, would have submitted to the illtreatment and barbarous cruelty which was

EVOLUTION AND

CREATION.

inflicted upon him?

In the heights and depths of knowledge he commanded, he excelled any previous or subsequent being that ever lived upon the earth.

The elements were subject to the power of his will.

And yet, he said, he came not to do his own will but the will of his Father who had sent him.

All his sayings, teachings and every act tended in the direction to impress man with the importance and magnitude of his mission to man, and to establish- in the soul a belief, a knowledge of a Divine Creative Being.

To properly and thoroughly effect this object and purpose and close the gap—to narrow the gulf—which had gradually widened for ages between man and Deity, he gave direct tangible evidences of the superior power he shared with God his Father.

The Father also loved the Son.

The first act of formal obedience rendered by baptism through

John was recognized by a voice from heaven saying:

"This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased."Jesus prayed to the Father, sought the glory and power he had with him in the beginning.

That Jesus shared in this power who can question? We find him walking upon the sea, rebuking the winds and tempests and the. turbid waters, and the troubled elements obey and are stilled.

What power moved him when he cast out devils, healed the sick, caused the blind to see, the lame to walk, the deaf to hear, and raised the dead to life?

When he fed a hungry mulitude with two small loaves and fishes:

when he turned water into wine;

did not these evidences of the exhibition of miraculous power demonstrate the existence within him of creative power—a power which stands behind and which is superior to the physical laws which regulate all creations as they exist in the universe?

The elements lacking to make the sick body well, the weak strong, the decayed portions new—that which gave the growth to fishes—that which entered into the composition of bread and wine, instead of following the routine and order of law in reaching the same result;

he directed them in such a way, and possessed and manifested that power which enabled him to bring them immediately to effect the desired result.

Let us follow Him in our imagination through death into the resurrection.

He had remarked thatheposessed the power to lay down his body and to take it up again.

Yielding his life to murderous hands, the harrowing, distressing event was ushered in by signal and marked demonstrations of the anger incurred towards a doomed race and nation by God his Father, who stirred the very elements into tumultuous commotions.

Earthquakes, sudden darkness, the v^l of the magnificient temple was rent m twain, graves were opened and mark this: Many of the saints who slept arose and came forth out of their resting places and went into the Holy City and appeared unto many.

After the body of Jesus had lain in the sepulcher three days an angel, whose presence at the door was announced by an earthquake, rolled back the stone from the entrance and Jesus came forth and appeared and ministered among His deciples and friends, sojourned, ate and drank with them, giving further evidence of the creative overruling power He possessed in common with His Great Father, and finally went up into heaven in the sight of His friends.

Here is a celestial body evolved from a temporal one, but in the transition no marked change is noted from the original structural form.

We are aware of the objections urged against the acceptance of the manifestations of this special creative power.

Some of the authors already referred to object to them on the ground that none of these manifestations have been witnessed and that such manifestations are also opposed to the natural operations of physical laws.

If we ever admit that evolution, operating as the principle by which the earth has attained to its present physical condition, the plan of that condition could not have been performed by such a process.

Again, if the whole planetary system was developed by these same means we would like to know by what originating process such results were reached.

If, as geologists affirm, by the laws

INVOCATION TO CHARITY

of mechanical forces of light and heat operating upon the elements evolving globular masses, what power was it that ordered the arrangements of a specific character in relation to the disposition of the seas, rivers, mountains, lakes, the distribution of minerals, the growth of forests, and other adaptations making this world convenient for the abode of living creatures and man.

The formulating of this plan was an intelligent act, and there are better and stronger evidences for a belief in the existence <f a creative, directing and controlling mind, moving behind these physical laws—planning the great architectural designs—than there is for the theory that man has evolved from the lowest type of organic existence.

Again, if there were no such power existing, and to which we have made such extended reference as being made manifest by the Son of God, who manifested, controlled and directed these laws and forces?

All would be left to chance and disorder; confusion and choas must inevitably follow as the result.

If agreeable we will make a comparison to better illustrate our position, a comparison which we think should be entertained in favor of the position and as good analgous, tangible reasoning as any of the arguments used in favor of the evolutionary hypothesis.

It consists in this That the motive power brought to bear to operate on different classes of machinery in the various manufacturing industries if left to itself, after once the machinery was placed in motion, what would be the result?* No explanation or answer is needed.

The presence of a guiding, controlling mind is imperatively required;

in fact, without its presence the motive power could not be utilized.

How were physical laws then produced?

According to evolutionary theory there must have been a beginning;

something could not be brought into existence from nothing;

no effects are produced without corresponding primary causes.

As regards living witnesses we will say that time will not permit for reference to modern testimony and evidence given by living witnesses in relation to the manifestations, or miraculous controlling power, and the personal appearance and administrations of some of those distinguished personages whose acts and writings we have referred to.

We think, however, in conclusion that we have better evidences for a belief in the existence of such special creative, controlling power, existing in and manifesting itself through a Divine, Omnipotent Being, than we have to believe that evo lutionary forces exist and operate without this pre-eminently necessary divine power, and that to deprive the eternal operations of physical laws of this power that it would be just as reasonable and true to say that all temporal operations, with all the results which follow, are in no way connected with the agency of man.

Joseph Stanford.

INVOCATION TO CHARITY.

Dear messenger ot Charity, Descend from heaven we pray, And on our earth-born hearts the gift,

Of thy sweet influence lay.

Quicken our dormant souls, And on our slumbering eyes, Impart the power to behold, Where the path of duty lies.

Soften our hearts that they ne'er close,

To thy holy pleading voice;

For every impulse born of thee,

Makes some sadden'd heart rejoice.

Dear sacred messenger of peace;

Oh, come quickly to our aid!

Pour from thy bounties large increase, 'Till all deadly strife is staid.

On waiting hearts throughout our land,

Let thy presence cheer and warm, 'Till all go forth at thy command,

In love's spirit newly born.

L. M.

Hexvlinzs.

PUBLIC SPEAKING.

A down-east stump speaker of some fame was once asked by an ambitious youth, who would fane become an American

Cicero or Demosthenes, or at the very least a second Daniel Webster what course to pursue in order to become a good public speaker.

The man of oratorical fame replied "Git chuck full o'the subject, and then just let nat're caper.

Such an introduction may be somewhat unworthy the dignity of the subject in hand, but I believe it contains, though expressed in homely phrases, the gem of all that may be said on this subject.

Public speaking is an art; and it is one which, at least in its highest development, depends upon temperament, peculiar natural endowment, as much so as poesy or the art of the actor;

so that we may say of the orator as of the poet that he is born, not made.

Yet there can be no question but what intelligent effort can do much toward acquiring the art, even against some defects of natural endowment, and certainly cultivation is necessary, however favorable temperament qualifications.

It is a mistake to think that nature can do all because she can do and must necessarily do much;

and perhaps there never was a greater mistake made than to suppose that without preparation, without cultivation, orators have sprung into the forum, and by a spontaneous display of their natural powers aroused the interest, convinced the judgment, stirred the hearts, and moved to action their hearers.

Tf those who look to nature to do all, were to select an illustration of their theory, I doubt not they would instance Patrick Henry and his first public speech in the celebrated "Parsons Case,"when against the statute law, against aristocratic confidence, with nothing on his side but a modicum of justice he held the audience for over an hour to the point of breathless attention, moved the court to tears, drove his opponents from the court room by the force of his invective, and by the power of his logic on the application of the principles of natural justice to the case, swept aside the cobweb arguments of his opponents •/2 won the case for his clients, and for himself a permanent fame.

Yet nothing could be farther from the truth than to suppose that Patrick Heniy came to that first exhibition of his powers without training.

It was there that the lightning split the cloud and flashed its light over the whole land, but the electricity had been gathering through many a cloudless quiet day.

The training ot Henry may not have beeen conscious;

it was not pursued perhaps with a design to qualify him for the bar or the forum.

It was not from books or schools that he obtained his training; or from the elocutionist with his rules for disposition of hands and feet, and nicely studied gestures—indeed how little indebted the orators of the world have been to this class of training for their success But the training of Henry was none the less real because not acquired in the schools or of elocutionists.

His biographer—William West—tells us that during the time he kept a little country grocery store, when a very young man, it was his delight to get the idlers who gathered in on rainy days, to engage in argument, in which, while he seldom took any part in the discussion, Mr. Henry was observed to take an absorbing interest.

Not on account of the question in debate, but because of the opportunity such occasions afforded him to study human nature, and to take note of the manner in which the minds of men were convinced, their passions aroused, subdued, or swayed.

The fact is that during those years of Mr.

Henry's early manhood, when he was supposed to be wasting his time in listless idleness, he was really a hard student.

Not of books, but of men, of things. He was not poring over books, but he was doing something infinitely better—he was thinking and conversing by which he became acquainted not so much with men's letters as with their spirits;

and his successful career in the house of Burgesses, in conventions, state and national, before the bar, and in the forum, where he was most at home, is sufficient to convince us that he studied and prepared himself to some purpose.

PUBLIC SPEAKING.

No; Mr. Henry, we again remark, did not come to that first speech of his without training; his study of men and things had prepared him.

Moreover, he had mastered the subject—he was full of it, and he then "let na'tre caper."

But we wander from the purpose of this writing which is to make some suggestions on the subject of public speaking.

I am of the opinion that success in this art depends very largely upon one's ability to think continuously and systematically while on his feet in the presence of an audience.

And his ability to do this depends upon his private habits of thought.

If one never acquires the habit of continuous and systematic thought when alone, if he does not make himself master of his mind and make it work where he would have it, and make his will direct its effort;

but on the contrary leaves his thought without a master to wander where it will, touching now this theme and now that, without marshalling his knowledge into systematic order upon any one of them, and from such a labor engender new combinations of thought and adduce new conclusions—such an one will not be able to concentrate his thought when on his feet before an audience, but will manifest by his incomplete statements, illogical arguments and false or weak conclusions, his defective habits of private mental discipline.

But if, on the other hand, one shall school himself to concentration of thought, under the inspiring presence of an audience—taking it for granted that he has knowledge of the subject—what he has to say will, at least, be logical and hence forcible.

The chief cause of failure in public speaking arises, I believe, from a lack of complete knowledge of the subject.

With imperfect knowledge of his theme—no matter what his natural or acquired abilities—a speaker would soon fall into confusion, thence into incoherency, and by these steps meet failure.

For a miller to undertake to grind without water on the wheel, or steam in the boiler, would be no more absurd than for a person to attempt to speak without information on the subject to be discussed.

By that it is meant he must have clear, definite knowledge of the matter; no general, imperfect, half vague conceptions will do.

If he would instruct or convince others he must himself be sure of the ground on which he stands, or he will fail.

If thorough, systematic habits of thought be acquired;

if the mind be wellstored with information, and the speaker confines himself to those subjects with which he is familiar, there is no reason why he may not hope for success.

The degree of his success, after these considerations, will largely depend upon what nature has done for him—her power "to caper."There is one thing more I am constrained to mention in connection with this subject.

That is, the part which the aid of God's Spirit takes in that department of public speaking which relates to the preaching of the Gospel.

In the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints there is coming into existence what may be called, without impropriety, a new school of oratory.

Oratory which depends for its excellence more upon the presence and power of the Holy Ghost than upon the skill and art of man; which looks more to the aid which God has promised to give by direct inspiration than to training, conscious or unconscious, or study, or preparation. This new school of oratory is based upon the following items in the revelations of God, which are addressed to the Elders of the

Church on the subject of preaching the Gospel:

"Neither take ye thought beforehand what ye shall say, but treasure up in your minds continually the words of life, and it shall be given you in the very hour that portion that shall be meted unto every man."From this it is very reasonable to infer that studied discourses are to be avoided in the preaching of the gospel.

But mark you, in this very implied prohibition ofsuch methods of public speaking the Elders are admonished to treasure up in their minds continually, the words of life.

Because the Lord has, we may say, banished the "set"discourse from the methods of

THE GLADIOLUS.

preaching his Gospel, let it not be thought that he has set a premium upon Ignorance or idleness, by leaving nothing for the Elder to do but to open his mouth in order to be an effective speaker.

The admonition, "treasure up in your minds continually the words of life,"ought to dispel that thought.

If not, then surely the frequent admonitions to diligence in study, to the acquiring of knowledge from the best books and by prayer and by faith, ought to do it.

This kind of public speaking—that is, speaking from a fulness of information under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, must ever be the most persuasive, the most effective.

It may lack that smoothness, the rhetorical excellence,of prepared or written discourse; but what it lacks in those respects is more than compensated for in its marvelous power, its magnificent boldness and its adaptability not only to the occasion but to each member of the audience—giving a portion of meat in due season to each present, a thing which God alone may know how to prompt.

In this as in all things it will be found that the works of God, or those which he inspires, far outshine the works of man.

B. H.

Roberts.

WHAT WAS IT?

It happened one morning a wee baby girl

Discovered what seemed like a cunning, white pearl.

But when her friends hastened to see the fine sight, She closed its small casket and locked it up tight.

St. Nicholas.

THE GLADIOLUS.

When the golden shimmer of early dawn

Made fairy-land of the cool green lawn

Where the blossoms had gathered to laugh and talk By the prim, white lines of the garden walk,

Slim and stately among the group,

Unmarred by a leaf or a branch's loop

The emerald arms of a graceful plant

Rocked the rays of the sunbeams slant,

Thrilling the film of its color—cold From the earth's dark dews—with a pulse of gold.

Day by day with a yearning heart

Its clustered stems it had spread apart,

Wooing the help of the breezes fond

Which waved and circled each pale green wand

Till at length, conjured by the magic spell,

In a waving wand that is known to dwell

The slender point of a single stem

Was tipped one day with a bud-like gem,

Which peeled and parted shred by shred,

Till the stem was a skein of emerald thread;

Then folded slowly leaf on leaf

Like the triple strand of a braided sheaf

Which gave a hint as the days went by,

Of a secret guarded sacredly;

For the braided clasp of the triple strands

Shut it close in its silken bands;

And none from that swelling sheaf could guess

What wonder the future might confess.

But at one fair dawn when earth and sky

Drew hues from the breath of angels nigh,

And the wistful spirits of light and air

Joined together in fervent prayer

That the dream of beauty which glowed intense

In their yearning souls as a hidden sense,

Might take some form which their eyes might own As a symbol of perfect beauty shown

Then slyly out from the sheaf's green tip

Showed the sweet fresh bloom of a crimson lip,

Which the dews and sunbeams no sooner saw,

Than they sought with kisses its soul to draw

From the jealous clasp of the ribbon sheath

Which held and scattered its life beneath,

At their pleading sweet the blades around

The hidden presence at length unbound;

And forth from the sepals'cell outspread

Came the crimson light of a petal's head.

And the yearning spirits watched to see

What the perfect gift of their prayer would be.

Slow and stately the splendid bloom

Grew to strength in the sunlight s room;

And they saw with awe each petal's flake

The certain shape of a symbol take:

Thrilled by the prayer that had wrought its birth, Yet spirit-stained with a touch of earth,

While passion glowed in its color's flame A heart and a cross was its petal's frame

Image of perfect beauty given With a symboled dream of earth and heaven.

Josephine Spencer.

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON

PRATT.

The funeral services of Apostle Orson

Pratt were solemnized in the large Tabernacle at the convening of the

Fifty first Semi-Annual Conference, on Thursday morning, October 6th, 1881, the congregation being exceedingly large. The casket containing the remains was borne into the Tabernacle by several of the Apostles.

It was beautifully decorated with flowers and placed in an elevated position above the Bishop's stand, which was also decorated with bouquets and floral emblems.

The stands were heavily draped in mourning.

The opening exercises consisted of beautiful singing by the choir and prayer by Apostle Franklin D. Richards.

President John Taylor in opening the proceedings said:

"We are placed to-day under rather peculiar circumstances; while we attend to our conference, we at the same time are called to perform the obsequies connected with the death of our beloved Brother and Apostle, Orson Pratt.

This is rather a peculiar phase to be entertained in a conference capacity, yet he, though dead, lives, and while he lives in the heavens, he lives also in the hearts of the

Saints and of the Holy Preisthood, and we could not have a more fitting opportunity to attend to the obsequies of our beloved brother."After a few more remarks concerning another occurence connected with the death of Elder Feramorz L.

Young, son of President Brigham Young, who in returning from a mission to Mexico, in company with Moses Thatcher, one of the Twelve, died and was buried at sea between Havana and

New York, and whose memorial services were designed to be held immediately following Brother Pratt's, Apostle Wilford Woodruff"arose and gave a few instructions about the order agreed upon in relation to the public viewing the remains.

The conference was adjourned until one o'clock p. m.

The choir sang the anthem:

"The Lord will comfort Zion."Benediction by President Joseph F.

Smith.

The casket was then lowered, and the First Presidency, the Twelve Apostles, the Presidency of the Stake and other authorities took a farewell look at the countenance of their venerable fellow laborer, and the vast assemblage filed past in double columns, the eyes of many being filled with tears as they gazed upon the face of the man whose voice had been lifted up both long and loud for so many years in Israel and among the nations, proclaiming the glad tidings of eternal salvation.

During the intermission some seven or eight thousand people viewed the remains.

At one o'clock, the casket was again elevated and then, the Tabernacle being filled in every part, followed the obsequies of Apostle Pratt.

The following is only a brief, synopsis of the remarks of the respective speakers:

President Wilford Woodruff said if he were to express his desire to the Lord it would be,O Lord, give us grace thatwe may be able to accomplish the work required of us.

But oh, the chains that bind this immortal spirit?

Sometimes he felt, oh that he could break the bands of mortality and open his eyes in the spirit world to receive that which Orson Pratt is now enjoying.

But we must be patient and be willing to abide our time.

It would be impossible to give the history of that great man, or to depict the glory that awaits him.

It would take the trump of the sixth angel to do that.

He had been associated with Brother Pratt many years; the first testimony he every heard from him was in a house in Kirtland, in April, 1834.

He went with him to Missouri, in Zion's Camp.

In traveling a thousand miles with the Prophet, those who were in that company received an experience which they can never forget.

Men were reduced to mere skeletons with the cholera, and many died.

Brother Pratt while suffering from its effects, manifested that indomitable will which has since been many times exhibited.

He struggled with death and overcame by faith in God.

Brother Pratt had lived longer in this Church, traveled more miles and preached more sermons

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT

than any man in it.

He had baptized thousands, and fulfilled the revelation given to him through the Prophet Joseph

Smith, November 4th, 1830.

His garments were clear from the blood of this generation.

He had studied and written more upon the Gospel and upon science than any man in the Church.

He had now gone home.

It was all right.

This event the speaker had expected for some months.

Before he left on his late visit to St. George he had laid his hands upon

Brother Pratt and blessed him.

This was recorded in his journal which the historian could read after the speaker's death.

"If Brother Pratt could speak to this assembly after meeting with the Prophet Joseph and his brethren in the spirit world, he would say to the Apostles, the Seventies, the High Priests, the Elders, the Lesser Priesthood and the Saints, 'can you afford to spend one hour in neglect of this great work, upon the things of this world?'The spirit of Brother Pratt is alive to day and will live as long as our Heavenly Father lives.

His testimony is closed, his voice is hushed in death, but it will not be a great while for some of us, before we hear it in the spirit world.

Let the living work while the day lasts.

Brother Pratt makes the ninth Apostle that had left us who came through Emigration Canon in 1847.

This enjoined us to be also ready.

Sleep on Brother Orson, then with the Quorum thou shalt meet in bliss and spend eternal day."Apostle Lorenzo Snow said, could Brother Pratt have the privilege to communicate with us he would say, "Mourn not for me, I have passed through the fiery ordeal;

I have, through the blessing of God, obtained the victory, and there is secured to me the privilege of receiving a body glorified. That body through which I have ministered shall be made glorious.

I have been able to pass through affliction and temptation and obtained the victory."Apostle F. D. Richards felt that we had assembled under very peculiar circumstances.

We had not done with mourning for the loss of the President of the United States, before we were called to mourn the loss of the presence and services of an Apostle of the Lord. * * *

Brother Pratt's life had been distinguished by the labors of over half a century in this cause.

He had received his Priesthood from the hands of those who obtained it direct from Peter, James and John, going forth preaching and writing under the spirit of inspiration in his youthful days.

The speaker had labored much with him, and testified that if any man had a right to the title of "meek,"it was Brother Orson Pratt; and while his nature was so firm that it amounted almost to obstinacy, yet he always yielded to that which v/as declared by authority.

Brother Pratt was a studious, assiduous worker, preparing himself by acquiring a thorough education, to meet all that might rise against him, seeking by inspiration to learn all that could be known.

The speaker referred to the testimony of Professor Proctor that Brother Pratt's works on astronomy were entitled to the admiration and respect of the scientific world.

When this Church was in poverty, in want, he labored and toiled continually in its interests, as well as when he was placed in a condition of greater comfort.

In speaking of the life's labors of such a man it was difficult to tell where to begin and where to end.

He had, however, finished his work, fought the fight, and kept the faith, and secured his crown.

He was now where his powers were extended, where, doubtless, he could see as he was seen, and know as he was known.

The speaker had sat at his feet, being pleased to learn of him.

He was glad for him, for he was now resting from his labors, and his works would follow him in his generations.

He had earned the power to bless all of his posterity who would be obedient.

"O that God would help us all that our end might be like his, and may God comfort the bereaved, and make them to feel that the Judge of all the earth has done right."President John Taylor said it would be impossiDle during the limited time allotted to this meeting to do justice to the life and labors of Orson Pratt.

That must be left to history.

Do we

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRA TT.

feel sorrowful when a good man goes back to God who gave him life?

No.

Not if we understand the truth.

The Scripture says, "He that hath eternal life is rich."There lies a rich man. He has fought the good fight and he is all right. Brother

Pratt was foreordained to hold the Priesthood which was given to him and he came at the right time.

Would I wish to retain for a momenta man whose services were required behind the veil? No,

I would not.

There is a work to be done there a thousand times as great as here, and what have I to say against his departure?

Nothing whatever.

The Priesthood ministers in time and in eternity.

Brother Pratt had gone to labor behind the veil.

He had gone to join his Quorum.and we should not be sorrowful.

Let us try to imitate the examples of Brother Orson wherein they were good.

The choir sang:

"Mourn not the dead who peaceful lay

Their wearied bodies down.".

Benediction by Counselor D. H. Wells.

The vast assembly remained seated while the families of the bereaved and the leading authorities of the Church withdrew to attend to the interment.

The remains of the departed Apostle were then conveyed to their resting place, there to sleep until called forth by the trump of the resurrection.

A carriage containing members of the Twelve preceded the hearse in the procession;

the First Presidency of the Church and

Bishop Hunter occupied the carriage which was fifteenth from the head.

Then followed an exceedingly large cortege, the whole comprised of fifty-nine carriages filled with mourners.

The cortege moved in excellent order and the streets were lined with crowds of spectators as the procession passed to the cemetery, where the remains were deposited to rest in peace until the voice of the Redeemer shall call them forth to be quickened after the power of an endless life.

Just before Apostle Orson Pratt's death, and while lying upon his death-bed, he told President Joseph F. Smith that he wished the following epitaph placed upon his grave-stone:

"My body sleeps but a moment; but my testimony lives and shall endure forever."These were his exact words as President Joseph F. Smith took them down at the moment in a memorandum book.

At the next Legislature succeeding his death the following resolutions were unanimously adopted:

"Whereas, in the dispensation of Divine

Providence, the late Speaker of this House, the Honorable Orson Pratt, has been called to a higher sphtre, having departed this life on the third of October, 1881; and "Whereas, our departed friend and associate was worthy of our highest regard and the general esteem and affection in which he was held by the public at large, as well as by his co-laborers and intimate friends; and "Whereas,\t is our duty and privilege to express, in some public manner, our appreciation of his many good qualities and efficient public services "Therefore, Be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah regards the life and labors of the Honorable Orson Pratt with profound admiration, and his character with deep respect.

Gifted with remarkable powers, possessing a vigorous intellect and, until his later years, with great physical strength, his highly cultivated powers of mind and body were fully and freely given for the benefit of his fellows.

As an astronomer he shone with stars of the first magnitude.

As a mathematician he stood in the foremost rank.

As a theologian he had few equals.

As a writer he was forcible, logical, perspicuous, and convincing. As a public speaker he was bold, original, masterly and eloquent.

As a legislator he was cautious, discreet, liberal, and progressive.

As a gentleman he was courteous, sedate, affable and considerate.

His career was most remarkable, showing what may be achieved by selfculture and perseverance, in the face of the greatest obstacles.

In his boyhood he devoted himself to the good of his race, and he never ceased his exertions until cut down by the scythe of the universal reaper.

He was a successful

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

explorer, a hardy pioneer, and one of the very first colonists of this arid mountain region.

''He was a member of this Assembly at its first session, was returned to every succeeding session when not engaged abroad, and during seven sessions acted as Speaker of the House, being its final authority on all questions of rule and order, and no decision that he rendered was ever appealed from.

Strictly temperate in his habits, honorable in his dealings, firm in his convictions, courtly in his demeanor, choice in his language, and venerable in his appearance, he commanded respect from all who were favored with his acquaintance.

"We recognize his worth, we deplore his absence, we venerate his memory.

And while deeply condoling with his bereaved family and the Territory of Utah in the great loss sustained through his departure, we rejoice in the incalculable good that has accrued from his noble works, and the benefits that will be derived from his library legacies and his illustrious example.

He rests from his toil; he sleeps with the just; and no historic title, whether of plumed warrior, or learned sage, or crowned king, will shine more brightly in the eyes of Utah's people than the great and honored name of Orson Pratt.

"And be it further Resolved, That these resolutions be spread upon the minutes, and that five copies be engrossed and presented to the family of the esteemed deceased."Before his death the late Apostle Orson Pratt was very fastidious about having family reunions, and one was contemplated and arranged to take place immediately following the October Conference, in the year in which he died, and so anxious was he about its taking place that he did not want it deferred should he himself be unable to attend, or should he pass away.

But he died on the third of October, 1881, therefore the family did not feel like holding the reunion so soon after his demise, and it was postponed.

At one of these family reunions, sometime after Brother Pratt's demise, at which there were about two hundred members of the family and relatives assembled on his anniversary birthday, in answer to an invitation sent out, among others the following tribute was received and read during the interesting proceedings of that occasion

To the Committee on Invitation:

Dear Brethren:—I hereby acknowledge the receipt of an invitation to attend the commemoration of the birthday of Orson Pratt (deceased) by his numerous family and friends, to take place on the 19th instant.

I very much regret being unable to be present on that occasion, previous arrangements having been made to do vicarious work for the dead of my father's house, in Logan Temple.

It would have gratified me very much to have participated with you in the celebration of the natal day of so great and good a man as Orson Pratt—a man who did honor to the names of husband, father and apostle.

He was a profound student of nature.

He attained the dazzling height in the realms of mathematics to which but few men ascend in one generation.

He was no less profound in his acquirements of divine knowledge, as his many works abundantly attest.

His logical acumen, and unusual mental powers, were brought to bear in lucid reasoning to portray and establish the faith and doctrines of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latter-day Saints in so masterly a manner, that many thousands of the disciples of that faith owe their conversion to the truth to his earnest and extensive labors at home and abroad. By divine inspiration, he has left an impression upon this generation that will not be effaced.

He has left behind him choice memories, that will live in the recollections of a host of veterans in the great cause of humanity, and a name and fame that will survive the loftiest monuments of the world.

Yours fraternally, Geo.

G. Bywater.

Orson Pratt was the last of the original council of the Twelve Apostles of this Church.

He crossed the ocean sixteen times on missions of salvation.

Although his family was small in comparison to some of the ancient patriarchs; yet he was the father of sixteen sons and six-

LIFE AND LABORS OF ORSON PRATT.

teen daughters, and left at his demise forty-three grandchildren.

"He was one of the most remarkable men of the age.

Probably there have not been many to surpass him in some respects among the sons of men. He was one of those peculiar spirits not liable to be too highly appreciated among their more practical fellow-men.

He was a kind of world within himself, and was frequently oblivious to his grosser surroundings in this.

Most of the time he dwelt in the world of thought, and being in mental pursuit of the profound, he was liable to be looked upon as a child comparatively in the material matters pertaining to every day life.

His spirit did not delight in nibbling little bunches of grass in a limited pasture, nor slaking his thirst at a diminutive spring.

He was in his element when he could drink copiously of the waters of the ocean of truth and appease his hunger upon the manna of eternity.

Men of that stamp are not appreciated by those who hug closely the earth and have to twist their necks in order to catch a glimpse of those who have climbed to the summit of a majestic mountain.

"In relation to persistency, perserverance and power of mental concentration,

Brother Pratt was a marvel.

To these qualities, combined with his simple faith in God, he doubtless largely owed his success as a theologian, mathematician and astronomer, being in the latter science a discoverer.

When engaged upon any problem of importance it was not uncommon for him to work for weeks at a stretch, not less than eighteen hours out of the twenty-four.

We have known him to do this.

Even in directions where his ability was not especially conspicuous, by perseverance he would master the theory of any subject, as for instance in the matter of languages.

"It might be supposed from the quantity of Professor Pratt's writings occasionally produced within a brief time, that he was a rapid penman.

This was not the case, however, as in that particular, as in everything else, he was deliberate and measured.

The secret of his being able to do so much within a limited period was that he kept at it, going along at a regular and steady pace, with no breaks to speak of.

Men of that character will do immensely more work than the class who operate on the high pressure of lightning process, by spurts.

Their work is also generally more thoroughly and carefully done.

''Brother Pratt was more or less methodical in his proceedings.

While upon his last mission to Great Britain and engaged in preparing the foot-notes, or references, for the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants, and getting his last astronomical work—"The Key to the Universe"—ready for the press, he had a habit of going out daily for exercise.

He invariably walked along the same streets in Liverpool, never changing his route, and it almost appeared as if his feet were planted on the same spots each time upon the flagged sidewalks.

"At that time he was greatly exercised in his mind respecting the subject of the redemption of Zion, and he prayed much concerning her deliverance.

He repeatedly asked the Lord whether he would live to behold it.

He told the writer that the Lord would not give him any satisfaction upon that point, and he doubted whether he would live to see what he desired.

While then in Liverpool he began to show symptoms of the complaint which carried him off.

"It is seldom that great men?how greatness in all directions.

Perhaps all the qualities never appear in anything like even combination in one person.

But it is by those who have great specialties as a rule that the great works upon the earth are performed, the peculiar faculties in which one may be deficient being found in another.

Thus is the divine economy accomplished by the operation of the infinite variety existing among the sons of men.

"In the case of Brother Pratt the mental advantage of the possession of a sound body was exhibited.

He was but little over medium height and of sinewy build.

He was capable of much physical activity and endurance, and had strength far above that which is ordinary.

Notwithstanding that he usually showed re-

SHOES IN THE BOTTLE.

serve, he occasionally threw it off, and was not always averse to a little sport with the boys.

A favorite pastime with some of the muscular brethren used to be in the form of trials of strength by two seating themselves on the ground, each planting his feet against those of the other; both then seized a stout stick and pulled.

The one who pulled the other up was the victor.

On rare occasions Brother Pratt would take a hand at this game.

If there was any one who ever pulled him up we never learned of it.

"His voice, as those who have so often heard it in the Tabernacle know, was remarkably powerful and resonant.

There are few, however, who were really aware of its full compass.

On one occasion he was in Liverpool preaching in the open air.

A man in the crowd he was addressing placed himself in front of and a few feet from Elder Pratt, and began denouncing him.

The Apostle, who had a determined will, never deigned to look at the fellow, raised his voice, and drowned that of the disturber.

The latter then indulged in louder shouting, Elder Pratt raising his voice proportionately, and proceeding with his discourse until the fellow became exhausted and gave up the contest.

"The late Apostle was not ordinarily communicative in conversation and did not appear to be at home in desultory talk.

He could, however, be induced to converse with animation, and was intensely interesting, when a friend knew how to lead him on. The process was for the other party to fix on some profitable topic in line with one of the Elder's peculiar themes.

This method generally caused him to fasten his mind upon the subject, and a rich flow of glowing thoughts was the result.

"Orson Pratt was truly an Apostle of the Lord.

Full of integrity, firm as a rock to his convictions, true to his brethren and to his, God, earnest and zealous in defense and proclamation of the truth, ever ready to bear testimony to the Latter-day Work, he had a mind stored with Scripture, ancient and modern, was an eloquent speaker, a powerful minister, a logical and convincing writer, an honest man and a great soul who reached out after eternal things, grasped them with the gift of inspiration, and brought them down to the level and comprehension of the common mindThousands have been brought into the Church through his preaching in many lands, thousands more by his writings.

He set but little store on the wealth of this world, but he has laid up treasures in heaven which will make him eternally rich."Milando Pratt.

SHOES IN THE BOTTLE.

[After the Italian in La Scintilla.] "Could it be possible?

Could there be a pair of shoes in this bottle? "

Thus soliloquized little Timothy, sitting in a corner of the room, by the side of a large straw-wrapped bottle.

He had been attentively gazing at it from all sides, as if to peer through the strawcovering and to discover the bottles in it.

But as this mode of inspection did not furnish satisfactory results by any means, he resolved to get at the bottom of the secret in some other way.

With due caution, and not without that trepidation of heart which affects even adults when about to search into some dark mystery, he pulled the stopper and applied now this, then the other eye to the yawning aperature of the enigmatic glass vessel.

"How black it is in there,"he said, after he had peeped in a dozen times without discerning anything but an obscure suggestion of unsatisfactory vacuity;

"I, have a great mind to smash the big old bottle so as to nnd out for sure whether those shoes are in there."But again the lad dropped off into a meditative strain, in that pensive precocity to which the children of the poor are given by nature and circumstances.

Indeed he badly needed the shoes which mother had told him were in father's big bottle ('demijohn'). Mother had promised him she would wash and patch his scanty clothes for the impending children's festival; but how was he to get shoes? He dared not attend that juvenile jollification barefooted, that he knew.

Were the shoes really in the big, black old bottle,

SHOES IN THE BOTTLE.

as mother had told him? Suppose he did smash it and make sure; would father get very angry?

Sure enough he would.

Would he beat his little Timothy?

Quite likely.

But how was he to ascertain whether the shoes really were in the bottle or not?

At last he formed a heroic resolution.

He first stamped his feet energetically, then he took up a stone from the unboarded floor of the humble habitation and threw it violently at the bottle, which crashed into pieces.

Quickly he ran to the ruins and looked anxiously.

There were no shoes there Solicitously he searched among the sherds to see if there was not some money, gold or silver, or even a few copper pennies.

Nothing, nothing except the ill smelling remainder or dregs of some dark colored liquid.

Little Timothy sat down and began to weep bitterly.

He was sobbing so loudly that he did not hear the heavy steps that were coming nearer and nearer, until a voice, but too well known, asked him brusquely "Hello! what does this mean? "It was his father who was, as usual, just returning now, about daybreak, from the tavern.

"Who broke my bottle? "''I did, father, "the child answered with a voice trembling with apprehension of impending castigation.

"And why?

Timothy timorously looked up to his father.

But he recovered his breath somewhat—the voice did not sound quite so terrific.

"Oh, I was only just trying to see if there wasn'nt a pair of shoes in the bottle,"stammered the little one. "I need them so badly.

All the other boys of the parish can goto the children's jubilee ""How on earth did you come to look for a pair of shoes in an old bottle.""Mamma said so.

When Tasked her to day for new shoes, she told me they were in your bottle like so many other pretty and good things, like clothes, bread, meat, milk, eggs, and such.

Then I thought if I'd go to work and break the old bottle, I'd see all those nice things, and so I threw a stone at it.

But, alas there was'nt a thing in it, nothing at all.

And yet good mamma has never yet told me an untruth.

I always believed everything she told me."

And the poor lad recommenced sobbing and weeping—not because he had broken father's bottle, not because he had found no new shoes in it to go to the children's festival in, not because he was afraid of a "licking,"but because his mother had told him what seemed to his unsophisticated innocence an untruth.

The father sat down on an old box and did not stir, nor said he a word.

At last Tim looked up to him and said, "Father, I am so sorry that I have broken your bottle;

I won't do it any more.""No, my lad, I believe it will never happen again,"answered the father;

kindly and caressingly laying his hand on his boy's curly head, which beamed with intelligence, though pinched by privation.

Then he went out.

Tim was strangely perplexed that father had not whipped, yea not even scolded him.

Two days later, on the eve of the children's festival, the father brought home a parcel which he told Tim to open.

"New shoes! new shoes the lad exclaimed in exultant joy.

"Oh, father, you bought another bottle and found those shoes in it "No, my child, in our. house there shall be no more such bottles.

Your mother told you no untruth.

It was that big, black old bottle that swallowed up your shoes and a good many other things that you and mother and all of us need the worst kind.

It was'nt easy to get every thing out of the one and same bottle.

Depend upon it, from now on that bottle shall not swallow any more shoes."

Leo Hcefeli.

Fine sense and exalted sense are not half as useful as common sense.

There are forty men of wit to one man of sense.

Tell (for you can) what is it, to be wise?

'Tis but to know how little can be k$own;

To see all others'faults and feel our own.

Pope.

RICHES.

In an unguarded moment I made a promise to the editor of The Contributor that I would write an article on "riches."Since then I have had one constant regret that the promise was made.

Some years ago I wrote an article for this magazine.

It was my first offense, and I had hoped it would be my last, but it seems I was to be disappointed.

I take it for granted that the great majority of the readers of The Contributor are members of the Mutual Improvement Associations, and

I suppose they are almost exclusively members of the "Mormon"Church, hence I shall treat my subject somewhat as if I were addressing a body of young Latter-day Saints, assembled in an Improvement Association meeting.

In a small edition of Webster, it being all that I have at hand, I find that the entire definition which he gives to riches is "abundant possessions."I am clearly of the opinion that it would be a very difficult matter to find a thoughtful or studious man who would not freely admit that the great majority of mankind at the present time are engaged in a wild rush after "abundant possessions."

Today I feel safe in saying that the mainspring of action with the many is to secure the wealth of this world.

Those who are possessed of millions do not seem in the least degree satisfied with their condition and are laboring as hard, if not harder, to increase their great wealth—in many instances, thousands of times more than they can, possibly hope to use or have their children use—as the most humble day-laborer.

I am not sure but what I would be justified in saying that those who have accumulated vast fortunes are working with greater energy and diligence to increase their possessions, than are the ordinary run of mankind.

From what we see and read to satisfy the average appetite with the wealth of this world is simply out of the question.

Laws are enacted presumably for the benefit of the people and the protection oHthe weak as against the strong, but the growth of trusts and combines and the crushing out of existence of the smaller industries, suggest that the tendency of the legislation of the day is in the direction of aiding the rich to grow richer, while the poor must of necessity grow poorer.

If it be claimed that the great increase of wealth in the hands of the few, and the fact that the rich are growing richer and the poor poorer, are not to some extent due to the class legislation of our time, still it must be admitted that this state of things does exist.

The world is growing in wealth all the time, and this wealth is not being distributed among the inhabitants of the earth with any degree of equality.

Fifty or a hundred years ago there was greater equality in the matter ofthe distribution of wealth than exists to-day, and if things shall go on as at present for another hundred years, it requires no great amount of foresight to see that the vast majority of mankind will be little else than the slaves of the few.

"The big fish eat the little fish,"is an axiom illustrating what we are told is a law of nature, and it is said there is t no use for us poor mortals to try to change this state of affairs.

I cannot for a single moment agree with any such proposition, but must feel that it is the bounden duty of the young and old among the Latter-day Saints to ponder well upon the condition of things as they exist, and to labor to the best of their ability to bring about a change with reference to the division of wealth.

I have no words of condemnation for those who are engaged in the financial battle of life on account of the energy they are showing; on the contrary, if there is any one thing more than another that I would impress on the minds of the young men of the community? it is that in whatever they may set their hands to they will put into their efforts all their energy and all their aoility, and that they will resolve to succeed.

I think there are more failures in life on account of the lack of firm determination to succeed, than because of the lack of ability.

If we found that in the wild rush after

RICHES.

wealth, which is to be seen on all sides, those who were successful grew and increased in a desire to benefit mankind at large, and that men increased in good deeds in proportion as they increased in wealth, then there would be little or no need for the young men of our community to reflect on the present condition of things, or to desire a different financial condition to prevail among us as a people than that which exists in the outside world.

There are very few who retain the finer feelings of the human heart and a strong sympathy for the wellbeing of their fellows after they become possessed of a great abundance of wealth; therefore, while as a rule, riches harden the souls of men, it is a source of deep satisfaction to know there are some bright and shining exceptions.

It is as refreshing to the human heart to notice these exceptions, as is the rain from heaven upon the parched earth after months of drought and the burning rays of the summer sun.

Once in a while we see or hear ofthose possessed of immense wealth, who seem to feel that it is placed in their hands as a trust by the Giver of all Good, and they act accordingly, bringing joy and happiness to the homes and hearts of thousands.

These bright and shining examples, all young men among the Latter-day

Saints should desire to emulate in the event that in the providence of the Lord, they become the possessors of wealth.

Were it not for the exceptions to the general rule among the rich, I am fearful that we would lose respect for the wealthy portion of mankind and feel that there was little of the spark of divinity among them.

These bright exceptions cause us to retain faith in our fellows.

I think that all which tends to increase our faith in mankind is good. That we are fallen beings there can be no question; and that we are able to grow and increase in good deeds to that extent that we really become almost God-like in disposition there can also be no question.

It is within the power of every man to make or mar his life.

He is the builder of his own char"acter, and I do not hesitate to advise every young man among the Latter-day Saints to seek to the author of his existence with all the earnestness of which he is capable;

that before he shall be blessed of the Lord with the wealth of this world, he may first be blessed with wisdom to make a wise and a proper use of it.

To my mind there is nothing wherein a member of the Church of Christ needs more of the assistance of heaven to aid him than in the use of riches.

As a people we have many examples of men who have made shipwrecks of their faith and turned away from the gospel, on account of their wealth.

It seems to be a very difficult matter for a man who is acquiring from twenty thousand to thirty thousand dollars a year to pay an honest tithing; but it is not perplexing to the man of faith working for fifty dollars a month to return onetenth thereof to the Lord.

There are citizens in Salt Lake who donated one hundred dollars or more each, by the purchase of tickets to the concert in the Tabernacle for the relief of the Johnston sufferers.

Some of the parties making these donations were possessed of limited means.

In reading an account of the flood I saw a list of the names of those who made generous contributions, and among the number was that of a gentleman who is reputed to be worth one hundred million dollars.

This man gave one thousand dollars, and his donation is recorded as a munificent gift, but it was really a paltry one in comparison with many smaller sums when the man's wealth is taken into account.

The "widow's mite"is a good illustration of the donations as between the wealthy and the poor in nearly every direction.

I am reminded of a case where one of our ward teachers called for assistance at a certain house and the brother was very profuse in his expressions of good-will and his strong desire to assist, but he was simply unable.

Some years later the same teacher called on the same man the latter in the meantime having been very prosperous, but when solicited for aid in a worthy cause he refused.

The former interview was thereupon recalled, when he replied:

"Yes, then I had the dispo-

RICHES.

sition, but lacked the ability, but now I have the ability, but lack the disposition."This circumstance should certainly make a strong impression on the minds of all the young men of our community.

A man should not desire riches without the wisdom necessary to make a wise and proper use of them.

I have heard of some of the members of the Church saying they did not think that the Lord had anything to do with financial matters.

They thought that He directed us in our spiritual affairs, but not in business concern.

To my mind this is as absurd as that the Lord will bless us in a small part of our labors and not in the affairs of life that occupy the greater part of our time.

There can be no question that the ordinary business affairs of life do occupy the most of our time.

I call to mind a certain man in the Church who is reputed to hold to the theory that the Lord has nothing to do with our financial matters, and I do not wonder at his position if all I hear of his transactions is true.

I think that it is of as much if not more importance that we as members of the Church of Christ should be directed by the Almighty in business as well as in spiritual matters. The reason that I feel that it is necessary for us to be directed by the

Lord in our financial doings is that I have seen so many persons make shipwreck of their faith and lose the testimony of the gospel over money matters.

I think I am safe in saying that nine tenths of all the cases that come before the Bishops'Courts, before high Councils and before the Presidency of the Church, arise over some financial troubles.

The illustration that I have given of the person having the desire to aid but lacking the ability, but who when possessed of the ability lacked the disposition, to my mind is a very strong one convincing of the necessity of the guidance of the Lord in our financial affairs.

All Latter-day Saints are possessed of a testimony of the truth of the gospel; or, if not in possession of this testimony they should make it their first duty to obtain it.

After having obtained a testimony their every act should as nearly as possible conform to the laws of the Gospel, that they will not lose the testimony.

We are one and all striving to so order our lives that we will be worthy of a place in the eternal world in the presence of our Heavenly Father, and I am convinced that none of us can occupy the position that the Lord does not direct in financial matters, and at the same time stand firmly in the faith of the

Gospel should be so fortunate as to obtain riches.

There are none of us who are in the least familar with the Bible, but will recall the case of the young man who had kept all the commandments from his youth up, but who when he was told by our Lord and Savior to go and sell all that he had and give to the poor turned away sorrowfully because he had much riches.

My advice to every young man in the community, as well as to myself, is to seek earnestly to the Lord for wisdom first above all other blessings.

We have been told "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:

But lay up foryourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal: For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also."It seems to me that no rational man, young or old, who believes that these words are inspired, can hold to the theory that we should not be directed by the Lord in all matters both spiritual and secular.

The admonition is in the very nature of a warning to us not to set our hearts on things of this world.

Our Lord and Master was born in a stable, and so far as we have any record, lived a life of poverty, and there is little doubt that he was looked down upon by many of the people of wealth who lived in His time.

There are many of the poor and humble among the Latter-day Saints who are not thought much of to-day, but who will stand exceedingly high with the Lord on the great day of judgment.

It will indeed be a day of rejoicing when the time shall arrive, if it ever does come, when the Saints of God will be blessed with riches in great abun-

47© RICHES.

dance, and if the people shall then also be blessed with the wisdom to properly employ their wealth.

It needs no argument from me to maintain that there are few of us in this very desirable condition to-day, as it is almost an impossibility to find one among us who has become rich and at the same time has increased in proportion in keeping the commandments of the Lord and doing his duty in the Church.

The very fact that he has so much means to look after deprives him of the time to attend to Church duties.

He must manage his properties and see that he is growing richer all the time, as most men have a great fear that their wealth will slip through their hands.

There are some wealthy people who are really in constant dread that they may die poor.

Pope says in arguing to prove the justice of heaven's decrees, that the poor are placed in hope and the rich in fear.

Certainly the former position is the happier of the two.

Now, if when we grew in wealth we could take a little time to attend to our duties in the Church and would have a greater disposition to serve the Lord, there would be nothing to fear in any of us becoming immensely wealthy, but I have not seen this ability manifested among the Saints.

I feel that we should try to cultivate such a disposition as I am sure would please the

Lord and cause Him to be only too willing to bless His Saints with wealth, were we convinced that we were able to make a wise and proper use of the means. There are many things which our children desire that we are not willing to give them, as we know that by so doing we would injure instead of benefit them.

The children cannot, with their lack of experience, see things as we do, and many times they feel that we are hard-hearted and unkind, but in after years they learn that our failure to indulge them was for their lasting benefit. The same is true with reference to the dealings of the Lord with us as His children.

There are many things that we desire at His hands, and, judging from the wild rush after riches, that is the all-important thing that we strive for, I think that the only reason the Lord does not give us wealth in great abundance is because we have not the wisdom to employ it as He deems best.

I have no fears that if the day ever arrives that the Saints have the wisdom to make a wise and proper use of riches, they will be denied them.

I am certain that the Lord is just as willing to bless us as abundantly with the riches of this world as He has done with the knowledge of the Gospel.

Assuredly there are no other people on the face of the earth who have been blessed as the Latter-day

Saints with knowledge of the plan of life and salvation.

The greatest of all the gifts of God to man is "life eternal,"and we as Latter-day Saints have received of the knowledge that will give us this great blessing, provided, of course, that we are diligent.

We know that none of us will obtain the riches of this world without diligent labor, and we must not hope to obtain the greater blessing without great effort.

"Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all other things shall be added to you,"is a commandment that we one and all must learn to observe, or we will never arrive at that degree of perfection when we will as a people be trusted with riches.

Eternal riches are those that every Latter-day Saint should be seeking for with all his heart.

If we obtain eternal riches we will never complain that we were not blessed with the riches of the world.

We can, so we are told in the "Doctrine and Covenants,"take with us all the knowledge that we obtain here and have that much the start in the world to come, but not one dollar of earthly riches will rise with us in the resurrection.

"Abundant possessions"are all right to have, and what I have said on the subject I do not want construed by my young readers into a desire on my part that they should not labor with energy and all the ability that they are in possession of, to increase their wealth and better their condition.

I want every young man in the Church, and out of it for that matter, to learn the lesson that riches are not a good thing unless wisdom shall go hand in hand with them.

^A desire to possess the wealth of this world leads to the majority of the crimes from which we

REMINISCENCES OF W2LLIAM C. STAINES.

suffer.

It is a difficult matter for a person that has an inordinate appetite for wealth to be strictly honest in his dealings.

I have not been as much of a student of history as I should have liked had I been in a position to devote more time to reading; but what little I have read, as well as what I have seen, gives me the impression that decay in morals, as well as in ambition, goes hand in hand with wealth.

While those who are possessed of millions, which they have accumulated by industry, go on working with increased energy to enlarge their store, as a rule their children who suddenly find themselves in the possession of wealth, with little knowledge of its value, and who have put forth no exertion to accumulate it, generally spend the money in gratifying their passions, be they good or evil.

It is in the days of adversity that individuals and nations have developed.

It would seem, judging from the actions of men, that we are almost justified in saying that "abundant possessions"are not among the blessings of the Lord.

This is an attitude that I have never felt to assume;

but on the contrary, I believe that we are indebted to Him for every blessing that we enjoy, and I rejoice when I see the people growing in wealth.

I wish that one and all could have fine homes and nice carriages, and all of those things that add to our comfort and happiness in life, because I feel certain that if such were the case we would be on the increase in wisdom, or the Lord would not bless us in this direction.

I feel that poverty, with the blessings of the Lord, is better than wealth without His blessings.

The testimony of the Gospel causes us to cheerfully make any sacrifice that may be required of us for it.

As an example, when a person obtains a knowledge of the Gospel he is willing to leave home and possessions, if need be, to gather with the Saints, and he feels that he has been more abundantly blessed of the Lord than those who have not received the testimony and who are permitted to remain in their homes and retain their possessions.

If wealth is the standard by which we guage the blessings of the Lord then has one man, Jay Gould, been more abundantly blessed of the Lord than any of the Saints.

It would require the wealth of thousands of the latter to amount to as much as he is possessed of.

The Saints have been promised that they will yet become a wealthy people, but I do not think that the day will ever dawn when we will be wealthy, unless we shall have gained more knowledge than we have at the present time, and we can be in the* possession of wealth without setting our hearts on it.

Eternal riches should be the high aim that all the readers of The Contributor should seek for, and if they obtain them they will never have any cause for complaint, even if they never obtain "abundant possessions"in this life.

Heber J.

Grant.

REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM C.

STAINES.

The short article furnished last month from the personal writings of Wm.

C.

Staines, was the end of his unpublished journal relating to his life among the Indians.

The whole story, however, is told in an interesting manner in "A String of Pearls,"one of the Faith Pro moting Series and we will close this volume by giving only a brief account of that eventful period of his life.

Brother Staines left his brethren and friends and joined these Indians in their nomadic life, because he believed by so doing he might do some good that he might elevate them in their ways and habits, and perhaps learn them something of the Gospel.

He remained with them for about six months, and met some experiences that few men have had.

He witnessed some startling buffalo hunts and saw more than fifteen hundred of those wonderful animals, now almost extinct, killed by the wild Ponca hunters.

He became ac-

REMINISCENCES OFm WILLIAM C STAINES.

quainted with much of the language of the tribe, and whenever occasion permitted he gave an account of the rise of the Church and the principles taught by Joseph Smith, and also of the Book of Mormon.

He had a copy of the book with him and left it with the chief, who promised to preserve it while he lived, and have it preserved by his succeeding generations.

During eighteen weeks of this life, Elder

Staines ate no vegetables or bread.

He lived mostly on fresh meat, which consisted of fish, buffalo, elk, deer, antelope, beaver, otter, dog, wolf, skunk, turkey, duck, crow and pigeon.

The effect of such a diet caused a kind of scurvy to break out on his right side.

Of this affliction he writes:

"After remaining a few days in camp, I was one mass of boils, from the size of a pea to that of a small marble, and so close together that they touched each other.

At times I suffered a great deal of pain, and at other times I suffered with itching, which was terrible.

I often, on a fine day, would go where I could •not be seen, get on the sunny side of a hill, strip off my clothes, and, with a flat stick, scrape off the sores."He was with the Indians in their hunts and in their tents;

he witnessed their marriages, burials, and dances."At Christmas, some months after he had been left alone with the Indians, his knee and right side became badly swollen and he feared death, and the horrible thoughts of dying among savages and being left to be eaten by wolves came to him, and he poured out his soul to God who gave him the consoling knowledge that he should live.

He did live and wrote his testimony as follows:

"It is true that I had received many testimonies, with promises that

I should live, and had in different ways been convinced of the existence of God, and the truth of the Gospel as taught by Joseph

Smith, the Prophet, but this day's testimony was under different circumstances and feelings.

I had given up all thoughts of living;

I had no fear of dying; my only trouble was about my body being removed and torn to pieces after burial.

But here, when doing my last work, as I then believed (writing a note and the last record in my journal), the Spirit of the Lord rested upon me, and I received the glad tidings that I should live and not die.

I was assured that I should again see my friends and brethren in the Church, that I should visit my sister who was (and is now) in England;

that I should travel much, and have a home and habitation with the Saints, This, to me, was a greater testimony than anything I had ever before received."

About February they had traveled to within ninety miles of the brethren's winter quarters, the Indians expecting to do some trading with the whites in March.

At the chief's suggestion Elder

Staines started for the camp of the Saints to tell them of the trade, that they might know the time and place, should they desire to engage in it.

After relating his dangers and narrow escapes in this lonely trip Brother Staines writes:

"While walking up a small ravine, searching for a secluded place to sleep, I was greatly surprised at seeing a yoke of cattle grazing on the hill near by.

I could scarcely believe my eyes, when I soon found them to be not only tame oxen, but actually belonging to my brethren.

''This was such an unexpected pleasure, that, foolish as it may appear,

I cried for joy.

I believed that the owners of the cattle were not far off, so I climbed a hill, and saw, at a short distance, a wagon and the smoke from a camp-fire.

"I looked no further for a sleeping place, but started for the wagon.

"I had not gone far before I met two brethren, named respectively Matthews and Foutze.

They were somewhat startled at seeing me, and, after the first exclamation of surprise, Brother Matthews said:

"Why, Brother Staines, is it you?

You are like one raised from the dead for we were informed by the Indians that you were killed before last Christmas.'"Both the brethren shook me heartily by the hands, and thanked the Lord that

I was alive.

"The next evening we reached the camp, or winter quarters, of the Saints.

A VISTA.

"The news of my arrival was soon known, and before I could get out of the wagon I was met by a number of old traveling companions, all of whom gave me a hearty welcome, and such a shaking of the hands as I never had before or since.

"Through my experience upon that mission, I became better acquainted with the dealings of the Lord with His servants when alone.

I know assuredly hat He will hear and answer our prayers at all times, and under all circumstances if we do and ask aright.

"Before I close, let me say to those who have read this reminiscence, never allow your faith to fail you, but trust in the Lord and continue to pray to Him, and He will answer you.

If He should not at first, pray again, and again, and exercise faith, and I do know you will be answered and blessed of the Lord."

A VISTA.

Ere the heart hath learned to tremble

For the morrow, 'And the eye to well dissemble

Pain and sorrow While the rosy morn is bright,

Stars begem each dewy night, Sunny banks are strewn with flow'rs,

Rich with gifts the joyous hours

In the happy spring of youth Life is full of joy and truth,

Bud and promise, bird and rose,

Life and love and blest repose,

And the world were not so bad Were it not so fleeting.

Ere the birds have ceased to twitter

Beneath the eaves And their merry wings to glitter

Among the leaves, Wand'ring by a rolling stream,

Who will wonder if we dream Of the fields beyond the hill Where the river, broad and still,

Takes the sunlight on its breast,

Gently rocking it to rest, With its gleaming wealth of pearls

Nestling 'mong the amber curls;

And the waves are never sad, Ne'er a shadow greeting.

All around the vintage reddens

Bright and golden, Birds and flow'rs and joy that deadens

Sorrows olden Tranquil, happy there we lie 'Neath kind heaven's cloudless sky,

Sleeping soft by nature's throne,

Care and grief and gloom unknown

We shall waken in her arms, Sipping still her honeyed charms,

Nor the pure light of her eye E'er forsake us till we die Shall we ever be less glad?

Mother, watch thou o'er us */2* Hush the happy fields are fading With their meadows;

Clouds the waters bright are shading,

And their shadows Bring a turmoil o'er the waves

So, the flow'rs but grow on graves

That alluring, loving sky Looked alone on things that die

Softly tread the traitor shore Breaks beneath thee evermore, For the stream that snatched thy lov'd,

Soon to bear thee, too, is mov'd

Shall our fearful souls grow mad 'Mid the gloom before us?

Ne'er the sunlight glows and gladdens

To our seeming, In our hearts a wound now saddens

All our dreaming Could our tear-dimmed, yearning eyes

But trans-pierce the gloomy skies,

Jacob's ladder we would seek, To behold once, calm and meek,

That dear angel, whom we know Heaven's beauties gladden so Once to touch that hand again,

Vanished e'er from haunts of men

Ah, this world were sad indeed,

Were it not so fleeting See another ray is streaming In the west, What a wondrous light is gleaming On its breast Clouds are o'er us, but their lies

In their midst a Paradise Once again the glowing stream In its gurgling bids us dream Of the fields, so bright and still,

In the sunlight, o'er the hill,

Of a fairer, brighter land Where there dwells no broken band

Aye, the setting sun doth lead

To an endless meeting Ruby Lamont.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, October, 1891.

THE MISSIONARIES.

The matter ofgreat importance occupying the attention of the General Superintendency of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations has been the appointment and assignment of a number of bright young men to labor for several months in the interest of the associations.

Many of them have already begun their labors and good work has been done.

It is hoped that these young men, who have left their homes and occupations at considerable sacrifice, will be properly received by the Saints everywhere, and especially by the officers and members of the Mutual Improvement Associations.

Their purpose is to place the associations upon a proper foundation in accordance with the Manual issued by the General Superintendency.

Aside from this they go to arouse enthusiasm for the winter's work, labor with the doubtful, and generally to do all the good they can among the young men of Zion. Traveling without purse or scrip, they are to a great extent, dependent upon the brethren for shelter and accommodations, and their appointment by the highest authority, should insure them these.

The Stakes have been combined into districts, and two or more missionaries appointed to each, as follows District No.

1.—Salt Lake and Tooele, C. C. Richards and George D. Snell.

District No.

2—Utah, Sanpete and Sevier, (not filled.) District No.

3.—Juab, Millard, Beaver and Parowan, George A. Smith and W.

B. Dougall, Jr.

District No. 4—St. George, Kanaband

Panguitch, James E.

Ballantyne and George W. Thatcher, Jr.

District No.

5.—Emery, Uintah and Wasatch, Haskel Shurtliff and George H.

Wallace.

District No.

6.—Morgan and Summit, }. H. Moyle and D. L. Murdock.

District No. 7.—Bear Lake, Bannock and Cassia, Josiah Cluff and A.

S.

Geddes.

District No. 8.—Davis, Weber and Box

Elder, Willard Young and Thomas Hull.

District No.

9.—Cache, Oneida and Malad, C. S. Burton, Thomas W. Sloan and Nephi Morris.

.

District No.

10.—San Luis and San Juan, Thomas Y. Stanford and George F.

Felt.

District No. 11.—St. John, St. Joseph, Maricopa and Snowflake, H. C. Iverson and Frank Cutler.

At the close of the twelfth volume of the Contributor, its publishers extend thanks to the people for their extensive patronage and hearty support.

In glancing back at the contributions received, there is no hesitation in saying that the volume when bound will equal in interest and value any preceding volume of the magazine.

Great pleasure is taken in announcing some of the new features to be introduced which"will not only maintain for the magazine its enviable reputation as the leading magazine of home literature, but secure for it a prominent place among the enterprising firstclass literary magazines of the country.

The following subjects will receive attention during the early numbers, to be followed by others of great interest.

Columbus and the Discovery and Peopling of America—an illustrated series of historical studies to prepare readers for an appreciation of the four hundredth anniversary and the great World's Fair at Chicago.

The Birthplaces of the Prophets—a series of descriptive sketches made by Junius F.

Wells.

During the present summer the author has visited Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont; Whitingham,

Vermont; Farmington, Connecticut; Potsdam and Trenton, New York, etc., and will describe the scenes surrounding the birthplaces of Joseph Smith, Bngham Young,

Wilford Woodruff, George A.

Smith, Daniel H. Wells and others of the prominent leaders of the Church.

These papers will be handsomely illustrated.

EDITORIAL.

Book of Mormon Lands and Cities by Joel Ricks, who has made a careful study of the travels of Book of Mormon peoples and of the ruins of their cities.

This series will be illustrated.

Colonial and Revolutionary Battle Grounds will receive the attention of Professor J. M. Tanner, who is collecting views in New England and writing a number of sketches to accompany them.

Missionary Life and Experiences will be treated by representative Elders in Scandinavia, England the Southern States.

The Church Emigration by Andrew Jenson.

This exceedingly valuable series will be continued.

Political Principles. We have arranged for some papers from well known exponents of political doctrines, which will give readers a comprehensive understanding of the principles and policies of the Republican and Democratic parties and be a great practical assistance to young men in forming political opinions and party connections.

In fiction we shall present some original serials and short stories.

Narratives and sketches, poetry and music, association intelligence, etc., will be as interesting features of the future numbers as of the past.

The magazine will be enlarged by the addition of one hundred pages or more to Volume XIII., and in every way that the patronage of the people will justify shall we improve it, that it may be in all respects the representative of our people's progress and intellectual development.

PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

The President of the United States has granted amnesty to President Joseph F.

Smith, who, after an absence of seven years, is at last permitted to meet with his friends in general conference and in their homes.

We congratulate Brother Smith upon his return, and rejoice with the people to again see his face.

It should especially please all those interested in the

Y. M. M.

I.

Associations, because he is one of the General Superintendency in that work, and his presence and advice will give strength to the cause of Mutual

Improvement.

In our last number, Mr. Calvin Reasoner gave some of the causes leading the meeting of the Irrigation Congress held in September.

Next month the same gentleman will contribute another paper, giving the labors of the convention and its action, together with some valuable tables and statistics, which will be interesting to every farmer in the land.

The returns of the late election show the political complexion of the Territory as follows HOUSE.

Democratic 14,359 Republican 6,397 Liberal 7, 411 Scattering.

y «...

Total 28,230 COUNCIL.

Democratic • 13,807 Republican 6,787 Liberal 7,396 Scattering Total.

.... 28,037 The Century has had in preparation for a year or two, a series of illustrated articles on "The Jews in New York,"written by Dr. Richard Wheatley.

They deal with many phases of the subject, including occupations, festivals and feasts, family life and customs, charities, clubs, amusements, educations, etc.

Dr.

Wheatley has gathered the materials for this paper in long and close study, and he has had the assistance of several wellknown Hebrews.

The sensational suicides of Balmaceda and Boulanger close the lives of two characters who have caused more trouble than any other men of late years.

Their inglorious ends also are suggestive of the impossibility of tyrants and disturbers prospering in this enlightened age.

The increased intelligence of the masses leads them to crush the ambitions of would-be conquerors and dictators, and to maintain peace.

SPEECHES OF PRESIDENTS WOODRUFF AND CANNON

AT THE IRRIGATION CONGRESS.

No more important convention was ever held in the West than that which met at the Exposition Building, Salt Lake

City, September 15th, 16th and 17th, 1891.

It was made up of representatives from all the Western States and Territories, and its personnel included men of national renown.

It was most appropriate that this Congress should meet in Utah, as the artificial irrigation of farms has been the prevailing system here since the pioneers first entered the valley.

That the men who have grown up with the system, were ignored in the formation of our local delegation, is blamable to a smallsouled and prejudiced executive, and this neglect was recognized by the members of the Congress, in their invitation to Presidents Woodruff and Cannon to address the Convention.

Upon being introduced by the chairman, President Woodruff said 'Gentlemen of the Congress:

"I feel myself very thankful that I have lived in the flesh long enough in this Territory to behold the faces of such a congregation of gentlemen as

I see here today.

It is not my purpose to occupy your time or attention in arguing or talking or conversing particularly upon the subjects or at least those principles for which you have gathered together;

but what I will say will be a few words concerning our arrival here, and upon the principal of irrigation.

Fifty-one years ago the twentyfourth of last July, I entered this valley with one hundred and forty-three immigrants, or in other words pioneers. We were led by President Young.

This country that we arrived upon was called the Great American Desert, and certainly as far as we could see it did not deviate from that in the least.

We found a barren desert here.

There was no mark of the Anglo-Saxon race, no mark of the whiteman;

everything was barren, dry and desert.

"We pitched our camp a little distance to the southeast from here about eleven o'clock in the day.

We had a desire to try the soil to know what it could produce.

Of course all this company—nearly the whole of us were born and raised in the New England states, Vermont, Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut—had no experience in irrigation.

We pitched our camp, put some teams onto our plows (we brought our plows with us) and undertook to plough the earth, but we found neither wood nor iron were strong enough to make furrows here in this hard soil.

It was like adamant.

Of course we had to turn water on it.

We would have done anything.

We went and turned out City creek.

We turned over our ground.

When we came to put our teams upon it, of course they sunk down to their bellies in mud.

We had to wait until this land dried enough to hold our teams up.

We put in our crops and we stayed here one month.

During that time President Young laid out this city as you see it today in the midst of sage-brush with not a house within hundreds of miles of us.

We built a fort around ten acres, three sides of adobe walls eighteen feet high, and one side with logs out of the canyon.

We then returned home and some two thousand men followed us.

President Cannon here was one of the company that came in after we did.

"Now what I wish to say is this: You gentlemen come here today; you see the city, you go through the country.

Here are a thousand miles, I might say, through these mountains filled with cities, towns, villages, gardens and orchards, and the products of the earth that sustain the people.

Without this water, this irrigation for which you have met here to-day, this country would be as barren as it was in 1847 as we found it.

This irrigation is what you have met to engage in and give your views upon.

How I am satisfied it matters not.

Whatever you decide upon in this matter and unite upon, I am satisfied it will prove a great blessing; not only to Utah but to every state and territory where these arid lands are, and whoever occupies these lands of course has got to have the water to perform the work, We have had to do the same.

We have had to learn by experience and

WRONG SIDE OUT.

Ml all that we have obtained in these mounr tains has been by irrigation.

There are portions yet which have not been irrigated, and as one gentleman said here, if you can make two drops of water where there was one, or two spears of grass where there was one you are benefactors to mankind.

I say God bless you in your efforts.

President Geo.

Q. Cannon was presented by the chairman and said that he was pleased to be called upon to address so large a meeting assembled for the purpose that this one had met to carry out, and he felt confident that nothing but good could come from the deliberations of a body of such intelligent men as the congress was composed of.

The question of irrigation was a very important one, and one that has interested him greatly.

He took his first lesson in irrigation in Utah in 1848, and while he had not had a practical experience in such matters.from that time as had others, he had witnessed the efforts with good satisfaction.

The speaker said it was a notable fact that rainfall seemed to follow in the pathway of civilization.

Some rationalists might attribute this to natural causes but for his part he thought that a beneficent Providence ever mindful of the care of His children was the prime factor. Within the past few years there had been an increase in the water supply in City Creek in this city.

While he was not exactly in a position to explain this he had noticed it with a great deal of satisfaction.

The speaker favored an allotment of lands in small portions.

When Salt Lake was laid out it was with the intention of making it a villa town.

The lots were an acre and one-fourth each.

Then just outside the city there were five-acre plats, and beyond that ten.

Still further they were twenty.

He noted with a great deal of satisfaction the fact that a man could live comfortably on one of these twenty-acre plots, and asserted that President Woodruff, who is a splendid farmer, had maintained a family on one of these tracts.

And that reminded him of a story.

President Woodruff remarked that he believed that he was getting old and that when asked the reason said that his grandson, sixteen years of age, had kept up with him hoeing potatoes.

The plan pursued by the pioneers here had been to avoid all corporation control of water.

Water had always been controlled by associations of men who paid for their supply in labor in keeping up old and building new ditches.

This had been a very satisfactory method and by it was obtained for what it cost.

In conclusion he said he believed there were more people in Utah who owned their own homes than in any other state in the Union.

WRONG SIDE OUT.

Quite certain it was that, in some way,

Jack had gotten out of the wrong side of the bed that morning.

He fretted because he had to put on his old shoes;

he whined over his saucer of oatmeal.

Now his old shoes were easier than his new ones, though less shiny, and, though he liked cream better, he relished milk, and as to the oatmeal, he was fond of that, too, only it was not smoking hot.

His sister waited for him to finish his troublesome breakfast, and then she said:

"Please, Jack, will you carry this to the post-office for me?"It was pleasant to walk to the office.

Jack generally enjoyed meeting the other boys as he went;

besides, he was interested to see whether the stores had filled up their windows with firecrackers and torpedoes and ballooi s and skyrockets for the coming Independence Day.

But for all that, his sister felt quite melancholy to see what an afflicted looking boy Jack was as he took the letter and marched off dragging his unwilling feet as though they weighed pounds.

"I'm always being sent with her letters,"mourned the oppressed boy.

It was just so when, later, his mother sent him on an errand for her.

At that very house they always smiled on him and gave him seedcakes, but Jack grumbled, "It's too cold to be doing errands, and I shall be late to dinner, I know I shall."So he was, but the best morsels had been saved for him, and when he fretted because his pudding was burned a trifle

RELIANCE.

on one side just through the care with which it had been kept for him, I think his mother was at last rather out of patience.

''And it's the very kind I like the best, scolded Jack, finishing his pudding.

"Jack,"said his mother,""I want you now to go right up to your room and put on every garment wrong-side out."

Jack stared.

He thought his mother must be out of her wits.

"I mean it, Jack,"she repeated, gravely.

And she did mean it.

Jack had to mind.

He had to turn his stockings, even; and when his mother came to him, there he stood—a forlorn and funny-looking boy, all linings and seams and ravelings—before the glass, wondering what his mother meant, but not quite clear in his conscience.

"Now this,"said his mother, turning him around, "is what you've been doing all day;

you have been determined to make the worst of everything.

In other words, you would turn everything wrong side out.

Do you really like your things this way so much, Jack?""No, mamma,"answered Jack, shamefacedly.

"Can't I turn them right? ""You may, if you will remember this:

There is a right and wrong side to whatever happens—I mean a pleasant part and a part you do not like as well; and yqu must do as you prefer to with your clothes, wear them right side out.

Do not be so foolish any more, little man, as to persist in turning things wrong-side out."Anecdote of Grant.—A good story is told of General Grant, which if true, is worth preserving as showing the tolerance and magnanimity of the great man as well as exhibiting his off-hand manner of expression.

While traveling around the world he was holding a public reception in Scotland, and two Utah boys, there on a mission, were among those introduced.

They were introduced as from Salt Lake, and Grant remembering his visit here, asked "Are you boys from Utah?""Yes, sir! "they both answered - with some trepidation.

"Are you 'Mormons?

"Yes, sir."They both expected some attack on their faith, but to their astonishment, he shook them more warmly by the hand and said:

"Bullyfor you/"RELIANCE.

Fear not and shrink not for God is your friend,

His mercies fail not, His promise is sure;

The judgment is set for the times of the end,

And the crown will be given to those who endure.

Nor will He leave you in temptation's dark hour,

A prey to the ills that so thickly befall you;

His face is but veiled when the darkest clouds lower,

By doubts which assail when trials appall you.

To the eye of faith, that cloud's but a covering

That hides from mortality Providence's ways;

A lesson is given: a blessing is hovering,

To lighten the gloom with its heaven lit rays.

If such faith be not thine, await then the issue,

And you will yet see how your judgment has erred

The troubles you've met were intended to bless you,

And not the disaster your anxious heart feared.

Look back o'er your past life, learn there the lesson

That God has not left you a waif tempest tossed;

What you deemed sorest trial, oft turned to a blessing,

Should teach faith in Him to whom nothing is lost.

Marvin E. Pack.

HOME 'DISCIPLINE.

When in a question box, Mr. Moody was once asked how to revive a dead church, the evangelist replied;

"Get revived yourself."The like may be said to the anxious inquiry:

"How shall I train my child?"First, discipline yourself.

See that your own actions are under your control.

That a fact, with gentleness but persistency set about your task.

Do not ask the child to do unreasonable things.

To tell him not to lie, not to steal, not to be angry is not training him.

Teach him, as a first principle, that he has the power not to sin.

You have no right to deprive your child of independent volition.

Show him even in his short turnings from the path of right, that "the wages of sin is death,"and that sin is, "any want of conformity to or transgression from the law of God."Beyond this.that it is his inalienable right to escape punishment.

This point established, it will follow as a logical conclusion, that the child will not lie, will not steal will not be angry;

for the reason that he has a motive stronger than the fear of chastisement to influence him.

If one lesson will not bring the result, do not fear to repeat the teachings, over and over again.

Some weary parent will say, "My life is a daily cry, 'don't,'or 'do so.'"Do not be discouraged.

God sometimes says, "do not,"or "do so,"seventy years, to a soul before the man or woman is fitted to taste of his glory in heaven.

Reverse the order of training.

Say, "I will train my child, not 'physically mentally, and morally,'but 'morally, mentally, and physically.'"Remember you are building character for eternity.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

In the August number is seen a continuation of the special missionary appointments as indicated in the December,

February, April and July numbers—particularly as set forth concisely in the number for July.

Following the Annual June Conference in Salt Lake City, Elder Milton H. Hardy filled following program:

WASATCH STAKE.

Midway, May, Tuesday, 16th, two i meetings were held;

Heber, Wednesday, 17th, two meetings;

Wallsburg Thursday, 18th; Charleston, Friday,i9th, and Woodland, Saturday, 20th.

At each place officers'and general public meetings were held.

SUMMIT STAKE.

Kamas, Sunday, 21st; Peoa, Monday, 22d, and Rockport invited and visited.

Wanship, Tuesday, 23d.

At each of the above named places, two meetings were held;

Coalville, Wednesday, 24th, a general officers'meeting held;

Evanston, Thursday, 25th two meetings, and Almy, Friday, 26th, officers'meeting.

BEAR LAKE STAKE.

Woodruff, Saturday, 27th, two meetings, and Randolph officers joined.

Laketown, Sunday, 28th;

Meadowville invited.

Garden City, Monday, 29th, forenoon;

St.

Charles, in the evening;

Bloomington, Tuesday, 30th; Paris, July,

Wednesday, 1st;

Liberty, Thursday, two p.

m.;

Montpelier, in the evening; two meetings in each place.

Georgetown, Friday, 3d, officers'meeting;

Soda Springs,'Sunday, 5th, two meetings.

BANNPCK STAKE., Eagle Rock, or Idaho Falls, Monday, 6; Iona, Tuesday, 7th, and Willow Creek,

South Iona and Taylor to be represented.

Louisville, Wednesday, 8th, Rigby to join;

Menan, Thursday, 9th, Labelle to join;

Lyman, Friday, 10th, Burton to join; Rexburg, Saturday and Sunday, nth and 12th, Burton and Teton to join; Wilford, Monday, 13th, Parker to join; Aline, Teton Valley, Tuesday, 14th,

Alpine in the evening.

At each of the foregoing places, tw*o meetings were held.

Wydaho and Teton Cascades were visited on Wednesday, 15;

Teton, Thursday, 16th, Brighton, Friday, 17th, two meetings at each place.

Market Lake at night and Salt Lake Saturday 18th.

Remarks.

In the August number un-

THE SOLDIER'S FAREWELL.

der head of Malad Stake, the following should be inserted Saturday, May 9th, Plymouth; Sunday, ten a.

m., attended Lamanite meeting at Washakie;

afternoon general stake officers', and public evening meeting at Portage.

Portage, Plymouth, Washakie, Malad, Samario, Cheery Creek, north and south, represented. Monday, nth Samaria two meetings.

THE SOLDIER'S FAREWELL.

QUARTETTE.

A mlu lite eon e-spressione.

rit.

J.

KlNKKL.

1.

How can I bear to leave thee, 2.

Ne'er more cm I be - hold thee, 3.

I think ot thee with long - ing, One part - ing kiss I Or to this heart enThink thou when tears are fe^S r£E^ v=v £:

give thee, fold thee;

throng - ing, Cres. c poco accel.

And then what-e'er be falls me, With spear and pen - non glanc- ing, That with my last faint sigh ing, I I I'll g m f^ m S m £ -g-E-fl -*-»E=HE EE^ go where hon - or calls me, see the foe ad - vanc-ing, whis per soft while dy - ing, Tempo I.

Fare well, Fare- well my £ -i—

d -X-F is w:

X fct S^ 1& Tranq. e tnolto espress.

own true love, Fare well, fare - well, _rs m e_.

E§=E P 3efi &.

my own true love.

-«•- +?=-*I

"The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE CONTRIBUTOR Representing the Young Men's JVIu.ttaa.1 Improvement Associations of the Latter-day Saints.

VOLUME TWELVE, JUNIUS F.

WELLS, EDITOR.

PUBLISHED BY THE CONTRIBUTOR COMPANY.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH:

PRINTED BY THE DESERET NEWS COMPANY.

l8qi.

Page.

A Trip to the Cottonwoods May Wells.

Association Intelligence—

The Basic Studies Milton H. Hardy.

Circular Letters of General Superintendency 78, 79, 238, 434 Book of Mormon Subjects.

.

. Milton H. Hardy and George H. Brimhall.

Association Singing Geo. E. Hyde.

M. H. Hardy's Educational Mission.

. 160, 239, 360, 398, 479 Conference Programme Y. M. M.

I A. Conference Letter from Joseph F. Smith Names of Officers Statistical Report for year ending May 31, 1891

Aunt Esther's Sweetheart Emmeline B.

Wells.

An Arab Saying A Stolen Child Santiago.

Ancient Engineering Feats A Vision of Heaven Scottish American.

Avenged Ken Denys.

An Indian Scare. D.

C. Johnson.

A Day in Rome Wm. B. Preston, Jr.

Athirst in the Desert J. H. Martineau.

An Engineer's Tribulations J. H. Martineau. 320 A Pond Excursion J. E. Talmage. 341 A Political Symposium Judge C.

S. Zane, Calvin Reasoner, J. M. Zane, J. H.

Paul, S. A. Merritt, J. L. Raivlins. 362

A Butterfly Hunt J. E. Talmage. 377 Boys of History—Baldwin of Jerusalem

Amalric.

By Word of Mouth Rudyard Kipling.

Battle of Bannockburn T.

Y. Stanford.

Beetles, Big and Little J. E.

Talmage.

Courage Moses Thatcher.

Cross People joj Church Emigration Andrew Jenson.

261, 281, 371, 401, Dragons of the Air J. E.

Talmage.

Daniel H. Wells Editorials The Manifesto Chistmas The Indian Messiah A Musical Awakening General Sherman Deseret Museum Henry M.

Stanley A Savior on Mount Zion The Conference 3i4 The Musical Contest

iv Page.

Editorials The Political Situation Y. M. M.

I. A. Manual James Russell Lowell The Missionaries The Contributor President Joseph F. Smith Education Captain Willard Young.

Evolution and Creation Joseph Stanford. 409, Function of the Memory Henry W. Naisbitt.

329, Feathered Architects Respice Finem. 440 Galls and Gall-flies J. E. Talmage. 406 Gettysburg and Waterloo Compared

Home Arthur Stayner, Jr.

Heligoland Disappearing How Some Print Leo Hcefeli.

Home Discipline.

.

.

Investigation and the Laws of God

James H Anderson. 172 Innocent Vices S.

IV. Richards.

Influence of Imitation Intemperance John I. Hayes. 396 Joseph the Prophet B. H. Roberts.

Keeping the Baby Happy Life and Labors of Orson Pratt.

.

.

.

Milando Pratt.

I, 41, 8l, 129, 185, 201, 275, 305, 321, 392, 418, 460 Leaves from a Note Book Alfred Lambourne.

Living Lights of the Air J. E.

Talmage.

Life in California in '49 Century. 312 Letter from Joseph F. Smith My First Tiger Harper's Weekly.

Mary: A Story of Sage-brush Bench

Nephi Anderson. 25, Music in the Associations Evan Stephens.

Music:—Invocation to Harmony Evan Stephens.

All is Well Evan Stephens.

The Power of Song Fairy Moonlight Like the Woodland Roses Franz Moir.

Proudly as the Eagle Louis Spohr. 240 Stand by the Flag Yon Towering Peaks When the Swallows Homeward Fly

Franz AM. 400 Home Love Joseph Parry, (Mus. D.) 438 The Soldiers Farewell Music and Her Sister Song H. W. Naisbitt. 235 Musical Competition Evan Stephens.

Merely an Incident Ken Denys. 333 Leo Hcefeli. 336 Premium Winners Public Speaking B. H. Roberts. 458 Reminiscences of William C. Staines 121, 196, 207, 315, 334, 395, 426, 471

v Page.

Riches Heber J. Grant Studies from Froissart Chivalry DeValibus.

At the Siege of Calais De Valibus.

Something About Spiders J E.

Talmage.

Slavery—A Testimony for the Truth

S. M. Sjodahl.

Scandinavia Edward H. Anderson.

108, 210, Some Parasitic Pests J. E. Talmage.

Spanish Bells New England Magazine.

Shoes in the Bottle Leo Hcefeli. 465 Speeches of Presidents Woodruff and Cannon (Irrigation Convention)

The Church and Science G. F.

Phillips, M. A.

The Famous Bug Family J. E. Talmage.

The Cobbler's New Year Leo Hczfeli.

The Mistletoe The "Alexandria"Harpers Weekly.

The Treasures of Jeremiah Stoker

Ken Denys.

The Angelus G.

L. B.

Traditions of the Deluge J. H. Martineau.

The Chaldean Story Greek and Other Traditions The Descendant of an Ancestor Josephine Spencer.

The World Over 195, The Musical Competition Evan Stephens. 199, The First Experience G. L. B.

217, The Origin ot Profane History Willard Done.

The Bible S.

W. Richards.

229, 310 The Awakening of the Year J. E. Talmage. 289 The Royal Arsenal at Woolwich James H. Anderson.

The June Festival The Tithe Boy Leo Hczjeli. 382 The Corner Stone of Character Angus T. Wright. 384 The Influence of Fiction F. B. 416 The Old Pueblo J. H. Martineau. 423 The Piute Indians Eugene J. Young. 428 The Irrigation Convention Calvin Reasoner. 431 Utah in 1850 J. H. Martineau.

Vocal Culture John Quigley. 437 Words that Laugh and Cry Why we Study History Hystaspes.

Where to Put a Stamp on a Letter

St. Nicholas.

Within an Ace Ken Denys.

Wrong Side Out POETRY.

A Vista Ruby Lamcmt. 473 April Josephine Spencer.

A Glimpse—or More?

.

H. W. Naisbitt. 405 Boyhood's Days Santiago.

Ballad of Lilies ^.

.

.

G. L. B.

Despondent H. W. Naisbitt.

Dreams Josephine Spencer. 361

vi Page.

Drawing Near the Brink L. M. Hewlings. 376 Friend and Lover.

.

St. Nicholas. 332 Grant my Longing, Gracious Father,

Edward H Anderson.

Hugh—A Character Sketch Cactus. 313 In the Nursery Harper's Bazar. 304 In His Name L. M. Hewlings. 353 In Libra Ruby Lamont. 355 Idleness Oliver Belnap. 408 Invocation to Charity L. M. Hewlings. 406 Left by the Roadside Josephine Spencer. 433 March—A Lay of Chivalry Josephine Spencer.

Morning St. Nicholas.

Off for Slumberland One Nation Reliance Marvin E. Pack. 378 Songs of Victor Hugo Translated by Leo Hczjeli.

Summer Rain....*'Josephine Spencer. 353 Spring L. M. Hewlings.

The Sin of Success ''... O. F. Whitney.

The Covenant of Peace H. W. Naisbitt.

The Sister's Charge Josephine Spencer.

Thro'Years that have Flown L. M. Hezvlings.

The Life of Love H. W. Naisbitt.

The Gift we Prize Chas W. Stayner.

The Christian's Support L. M. Hewlings.

To One's Eyes G. L. B.

The Dying Youth H. H. Peterson.

To Have Thee Near G. L. B.

The Departed Leader H. W. Naisbitt.

The Shadowy Past L. M. Hewlings.

The World's Way Josephine Spencer.

Twilight Josephine Spencer.

The Autograph Album Ruby Lamont. 415 Then, O Faith, you Pierced the Darkness

Edward H Anderson. 450 The Gladiolus Josephine Spencer. 459 Undying Love Translated by Leo Htzjeli.

ENGRAVINGS.

Portrait of Orson Pratt The Sister's Charge Portrait of Parley P. Pratt Portrait of William C. Staines

The Angelus The New Model Portrait of Daniel H. Wells Portrait of Evan Stephens Portrait of Emma Thursby Portrait of Myron W. Whitney Dreams

DSPRICE'S o Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit.

Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

March-April-May Are months when Ayer's Sarsaparilla proves especially beneficial.

The free use of animal food during winter, while living in over-heated, ill-ventilated rooms, and taking insufficient out-door exercise, tends to load the blood with impurities, which manifest themselves in liver complaint, bilious disturbances, that tired fueling, eruptions, and various other disorders.

Ayer's Sarsaparilla, being a powerful and highly-concentrated alterative, is the most, effective and economical spring medicine ever prepared.

Take it yourself and give it to your children.

"For several years, in the spring months, I used to be troubled with a drowsy, tired feeling, and a dull pain in the small of my hack, so bad, at times, as to prevent my being able to walk, the least sudden motion causing me severe distress.

Frequently, boils and rashes would break out on various parts of the body.

By the advice of friends and my family physician, I began the use of Ayer's Sarsaparilla and continued it till the poison in my blood was thoroughly eradicated."—Luther W.

English, Montgomery City, Mo.

"I have used Ayer's Sarsaparilla as a remedy for the various diseases common to the spring time, and also as a tonic for the system.

I find it to be very efficacious, and think that every one who is troubled with impurities of the blood should try Ayer's Sarsaparilla.

I am sure it has no equal as a blood-purifier."—C. E. Jaquith,

Nashua, N. H.

"Every spring for the last nine years

I have been in the habit of taking Ayer's Sarsaparilla, and I can truly say that I never used any medicine that did me so much good.

I am convinced that it is the best medicine of the kind in the market, and recommend it to all who are in need of a reliable and effective blood-purifier."—

J. A. Shepard, Proprietor of "Shepard's Paragon

Varnish,"246 Pearl st.. New York city.

"My wife always uses Ayer's Sarsaparilla as a spring medicine, and with wonderfully good results."—J. L. Minty. St. Johnsbury, Vt.

"I have used Ayer's Sarsaparilla with great benefit, as a spring medicine and purifier of the blood, and would not willingly be without it."—

Mrs. S. H. Pray, E. Boston, Mass.

"I have received wonderful benefit from the use of Ayer's Sarsaparilla.

It purifies the blood and is the best spring medicine I know of."—

Mrs. H. W. Hardy, lioxbury, Mass.

Ayer's Sarsaparilla, Prepared by DR.

J.

C.

AVER & CO., Lowell, Mass.

Sold by all Druggists.

Price $1, Si^t-ottles. §5.

Worth $5 a bottle.

*h5J4E-K- 3QD^IBtIJ0^.

ESTABLISHED 1879.

YOLCMK XIII.- the conclusion of the Twelfth Volume of THE CONTRIBUTOR (which is now bound and ready for delivery), its publishers extend thanks to the people for their extensive patronage, and take pleasure in announcing some of the new features to be introduced in early numbers and to be followed as rapidly as possible by others, which will not only maintain for the magazine its enviable reputation as the leading magazine of home literature, but secure for it a prominent place among the enterprising firstclass literary magazines of the country.

Columbus and the Discovery and Peopling of America: An Illustrated series of Historical Studies, to prepare readers for an appreciation of the Four Hundredth Anniversary and the great World's Fair at Chicago.

The Birthplaces of the Prophets:

A series of descriptive sketches made by Junius F. Wells.

During the present summer the author has visited Sharon, Windsor Co., Vermont;

Whitingham, Vermont;

Farmington, Connecticut; Potsdam and Trenton, New York, etc., etc., and will describe the scenes surrounding the birthplaces of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, George A Smith, Daniel H.

Wells, and others of the prominent leaders of the Church.

These papers will be handsomely illustrated.

Book of Mormon Lands and Cities:

By Joel Ricks, who has made a careful study of the travels of Book of Mormon peoples and of the ruins of their cities.

This series will be illustrated.

Colonial and Revolutionary Battle Grounds will receive the attention of Pjrof. J. M. Tanner, who is collecting views in New England and writing a number of sketches to accompany them.

Missionary Life and Experiences will be treated by representative Elders in Scandinavia, England and the Southern

States.

The Church Emigration, by Andrew Jenson.

This exceedingly valuable series will be continued.

Political Principles:

We fcave arranged for some papers from well-known exponents of Political Doctrines, which will give readers a comprehensive understanding of the principles and

policies of the Republican and Democratic Parties, and be of great practical assistance to young men in forming political opinions and party connections.

In Fiction we shall present some original serials and short stories.

Narratives, Sketches, Poetry, etc., will be as interesting features of the future numbers as of the past.

Association Intelligence: We propose in this department to give the experiences and methods of the most successful Associations working under the new MANUAL, and publish valuable correspondence on the subject.

This department will be open to Association workers, for questions and explanations.

$1000.00.

MUSICAL CONTEST.

$1000.00.

In June, 1892, there will be given a Musical Contest for $1000.00 in prizes, for both Instrumental and Vocal

Music.

THE CONTRIBUTOR will announce the particulars and conditions of this the Greatest of all Contests, from time to time, as necessity suggests.

The Music for the Vocal Contest will be published in elegant style in the Magazine.

The Magazine will be Enlarged by the addition of one hundred pages or more to Volume XIII, and in every way that the patronage of the people will justify shall we improve it, that it may be in all respects the representative of our people's progress and intellectual development.

Subscription:

The subscription is Iwo Dollars a year.

Binding Fifty Cents a volume.

For Two Dollars and TwentyFive Cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

We recommend every subscriber to order it this way.

The magazine is thus doubled in value, being read as it comes out, and still preserved, a record of the best thought of the times, which may be referred to in years to come with untold interest.

We are assured by subscribers, who have all the back volumes, that they would not part with them for any price.

Binding:

Volumes bound in cloth at cents each.

Missing numbers supplied to subscribers at 15 cents each.

Binding Cases for any volume, 25 cents each.

Fine Bindings, Half Morocco, gilt, $1.00 each; Full Morocco, gilt, $2.00 each.

Bound Volumes: Complete sets, Twelve Volumes, cloth, $27.00 per set; Half Morocco, gilt, $32.00.

We will exchange any other Bound Volume for volumes 1, 2, and 4, unbound, if in good condition.

Special:

We have a limited number of large engravings of

Lieutenant-General Joseph Smith and of President Brigham Young.

Until our supply is exhausted, we will send a copy of either to subscribers for Volume XIII. who pay $2.50 in advance (which also includes binding).

These engravings sell at $1.00 each.

Remit money by P. O. note, registered letter, or draft.

Stamps taken for amounts less than one dollar.

rfyf Address, THE CONTRIBUTOR CO., Is^T® Constitution Building, \P v P.

0. Box 520.

.

Salt Lake Citv, Utah.

F{ITER BF(0S. DEfUG GQnjPAIJlj,

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGS, l^fcVARNISHES, PAINTS, 'l|TX~"POTXY, OILS, ^J—-BRUSHES.

4®"0rders given prompt attention and careful pricing.

UOGRfi, UTAH.

FRfl^KIilN, IDAHO.

WATCHES, DIAMONDS, t> decuelry, Sih/ePaaai*e, ^~n-%^^ Spectacles, Hte.

Funjitun?, U/all paper, lae<?

Qurtaips, Window Shades, Eto.

[lardy, Ybui$ 9 <8o.

.•.FlRST.\<?C/lSS.-.

pa/r\ily Qroeeries, Dry (Joods, Boots aQd 5f?oe5flf\J(bY, - VOiJffQ - 9 - QD..

2&-30 fl\ai$ S*-. Opp. Z. Q.

/I\.

I., Salt laKe Qity, 0. p. JVRDY, maimer.

THE DESERET SAVINGS

BANK.

JJftHE attention of those desiring to open sayings accounts is called 3y to the Desebet Sayings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

Johh Sharp, President.

Moon Thatcher, Vice-President.

DIRECTORS.

B. A. Smith, Cashier.

Job* Sharp, EL Dinwoodry, J. R. Barnes, Eliab A. Smith, F. W.

JrcsnnHOi, Jamrs Sharp, L.

S.

Hills, D. H. Pkery, W. W. Rttrr, George Romrey, Moses Thatcher,J.

0. Cutler, J. T. Ltttlr.

(IpjiSLfilTjil PwHW*sG b0?ollWD & MACHINE 26 EITtaas, 28 Bites, 30 EITta, 32

East First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

T **^**l*0*0*0 #*%—i n n ir - - "V^ UT4H Uk&CKEfi lUCTOnY, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SALT LAKE CITY.'Sold by All Wholesale and Retail Dealers in the Territory

Mil I K8TJLBLISHBD 1836.

TlU'INSURANCE COMPANY.

FIRE ASSETS, PREMIUMS RECEIVED 1889, LOSSES PAID 1889, H.

J. GRANT CO., AGENTS, SALT LAKE CITY.

$19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 CROOKE & WARREN, Resident Managers, CHICAGO, ILLS.

U/m. Driver 9 S09, <y?

; y:

Wholesale and Retail.

The Mogt pliable Drag pouge in the We^t IS THE FIRM OF Ogden, Utah.

MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION, GU[ON LINE -For QUEENSTOWNand LIYEEPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of King- St., New York, every Saturday.

N^JNttk 3,3bOTons \f\nOM\UG 3.1\e> TONS.

fOASKA. fc.bOOTOHS.

MWIOHN. 5b00 tons W\SCOUS\n 3,120 tons.

Bf'These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make the passage across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

The State-rooms are all on Deck, thus Insuring those greatest of all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and XigUt.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadway, New York

A. M. UNDERFILL & CO.

BROVtriVIKO BROS,, 155 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE., OGDEN, UTAH

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TheNewBaker GUNS, BICYCLES, FISH.NG TACKLE, LAWN TENNIS, BASE BALL AND CRICKET GOODS.

TENTS, HAMMOCKS, WAGON COVERS, FIELD GLASSES, BOOTS, SHOES, Etc.. Etc.

Agents for the "American Rambler,"the highest grade Safety Bicycle made; "Eclipse"Wheels

Du Pom's Sporting and Bla-ting Powder; Safety Nitro and Atlas Powder Giant Ops, Fuse, etc., etc.

We sell a 24-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch,

S-35.00; and 30-inch for f45.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail free to any address.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES "THI£ OE^EVTXTICY."THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Aicholasfor Young

Folks issued by the same house, "are read by every one person in thirty of the country's population."'One great feature of THE CENTURY for is to be "THE GOLD HUNTERS OF CALIFORNIA,"describing that remarkable movement to the gold fields in '49, in a series of richly illustrated articles written by survivors.

The November Century begins the volume, and new subscribers should commence with that issue.

The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

*««ST. NICHOLAS."The year 1891 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St. Nicholas."J. T. Trowbridge, Noah Brooks, Charles Dudley Warner, and many well-known writers are to contribute during this coming year.

One cannot put the spirit of St.

NICHOLAS into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1891 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

THE flEW EflGMflD PGAZIflE.

Edward Everett Hale, L>. D., \ Editors John Myron Potter, Edwin D. Mead, J Man An illustrated monthly Magazine, a current record of New England life ana thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

$300 per year.

ager.

Perfect Equipment SPANISH FORK CANON.

CASTLE GATE.

PRICE CANON.

BLACK CANON MARSHALL PASS.

GARDEN of the GODS GRAND CANOA OF THE ARKANSAS.

I Largest and most com-.BOOKS (ULU plete Stock Wholesale and Retail.

8^011617.

Texi Library and Mormon Books Specially.

76 S. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

sTHE^ ^Thomson <| ^aijloi Spice (£o.,-* SPICES 1 LL11E EfllLS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

a^^^n'?:as red cross lye.

30, 32, 34, 36, 38. 40 SO. WATER STREET, i OfflOAQO.

i H IT IS THE BEST.

o TRUE MERIT HAS GIVEN ckwoll's Duiham Tobacco The LARGEST SALE of any Tobacco in the World.

FOR PLEASURE, COMFORLHEALTr SMOKE THE', MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W.T.BLftciotaii * Co, '•DtimftlMJV.C;

Li:

PDPUURJECAUSE RELIABLE M SHIELDS & Co.

43 & 45 State St, Chicago, PfflMII

The Herald's Offers this Year!

EVERY SUBSCRIBER to the SEMI-WEEKLY •HERALDReceives a Number in the great $5000 fremiti*** I3ist:rit>i:itior*

AS USUAL.

The Americanized Encyclopaedia Britannica,

THE LITERARY SENSATION OF THE AGE.

(Ten Volumes) can be had with one year's Semi-Weekly Herald for $23.00.

The books alone retail for $45.00.

. Five dollars down and the balance in monthly instalments will secure the great work, the paper and a premium number.

Five- per cent discount for cask.

—Gold and Silver Watches given Free—

To those sending a certain number of subscribers.

An elegant $5.00 POLITICAL AND IT.

S. MAP can be had with the Semi-Weekly Herald for $3.75.

Call and satisfy yourselves or ask your newsdealer for particulars.

Also NOTE THIS REMARKABLE OFFER.

You can get GENERAL GRANT'S MEMOIRS (2 volumes, the original $7.00 edition), the great COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE one year, the SemiWeekly Herald, and a premium number for $6.50.

See the Herald for further particulars.

H.

G. WHITNEY, Business Manager.

B H. ROBERTS, Editor Semi-Weekly Herald.

., INSURANCE IGEKTS OF U«H.

M xIl THE POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.—

'Latest [J. S. Government Food Report.

STATE BflHK OF UTAHSALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, President.

WM, B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Cashier.

JIRECTORS JOSEPH F. SMITH.

CHARLES S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. ROWK.

NF.PHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H. CANNON. FRANK Y. TAYLOR.

SPKNCER CLAWSON.

PHILO T. FARNSWORTH.

ELI AS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOUNG.

HENRY A. WOOLLKY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays S per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of U |Lh.

Zion's Go-operative Mercantile Institution, Salt Lake City, Organized Oct., 1868.

CAPITAL, Jl_.250.000.

OFFICERS:

President, Wilfokd Woodruff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. Webber;

Treasurer, A. W. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO, and IDAHO FALLS Drug Dept., Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

W. H. ROWE, Assistant Supt Utah Territory.

T. G.

DIRECTORS:

Geo. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romney, J. R. Winder, H. Dinwoodey, P. T. Farnsworth, J.

R. Barnes, W. H. Rowe.

MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC AND LOCAL MER CHANDISE.

WEBBER, General Supt HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS.

J.

F. GRANT, MANAGER.

60 Main Street, with State Bank,