May 1AL BOSTON, „t b;NNE b I MODERN CHRIST.

efoi ewSaiiiW^o^xw i p Is THE RIBUTOR VOL XII!

A-/AONTHLY7AACAZINE- fa eta as •THE • CONTRIBUTOR • CO SALT LAKE-CITY- UTAH!

5^

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MAY, PAGE.

Colonial Boston, (Illustrated,) Joseph M. Tanner.

At his Daughter's Wedding, Translated by Leo Hat-feli.

Letitia. A Romance of "The Point,"Josephine Spencer Wings.

Translated by Ceo Haefeli Almina, (Continued Story) v Nephi Anderson.

Moral Faculty in Animals, Respice Finem.

Art—A Modern Christ, (Illustrated,).

Edw.

H. Anderson.

'321 Church Emigration, XIII.

Detailed Emigration Account, 185c—1851

Andrew Jcnson.

Editorial:

M.

I. Normal Work Personal Appearance of Columbus Century.

Association Intelligence:

General Conference Program..

Missionary Report Music:

Missionary's Farewell "School Thy Feelings."ESTABUSHBD l873. ^PSS^,?,^^ W.LPORD WoOBKUFK InCOEPOE.TED,888. "^SSS^SSSS^ GEOKOE M. Cak"'Cashier.

ZION'S Pays 3 per cent.

Interes'Compounded Quarterly, on Deposits.

* SAVINGS SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Oldest and Largest Savings Bank in Utah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

Mo'i»y to Loan on Approved Secutilies »t LowRa'es of Int ret. BANK DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prest.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Presf.

Jo«eph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heb^r J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G. Webber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy.

BOXES to RENT at Reasonable—Terms.—

aTRUSTe Deposits received from $1 Upwards. COMP'Y.

1, 3, and 5 EAST TEfflPliE STREET, SAIiT Mp CITY

i I U.0- i rgij^zzS-^: H~P 'TZL-L) LLJTiy-^T] fT~^ ^FP;

'r=r CO-OPERATIVE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL, $300,000.00.

**#* WAGON and *#** PAID IN $250,000.00.

SURPLUS, $75,000.00 MACHINE CO.

UTAH xxx AND xxx IDAHO j. WWII Rulon S Wells, Sec. & Treas.

nTt'tttt"riiiiJdsi-i Grant Hampton, Asst. Sec. & Treas.

TtTtTTTt 'll'li*'), l.M( HEBER J. GRANT, President.

GEO.

Q. CANNON, GEO. ROMNEY, J. H. SMITH, R.

S. WELLS, JOSEPH F. SMITH, Vice-President.

F. M. LYMAN, W. W. RITER, CHAS.

S. BURTON, H. A. WOOLLEY.

.f'i 'U'MJt.'hl'l.MLJihinrhM.Ml.'lv

SAIiT lifll^E CITY, UTAHGEO.

T. QDELi Genl. Mgr.

WARNER BROS.

EBRATED CORSET HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation, recognized, for they have "Dr They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

In && \J2n && Lffa <&&) Lffa IB <&£ U2s NEW YORK and CHICAGO.

For Sale in Salt Lake City z. c M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden z.

c. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

Warner Brothers Celebrated Corsets,

B.F&H.L. SWEET -MANUFACTURERS OF- ^: "COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS,:* 'Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

Co-operative Wagon an.ci.

JVJ:^oliii3.e Co., General Western Agents.

Scientific American Agency for CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS COPYRIGHTS, etc.

For information and free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO., 361 Broadw-.y, New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the

Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly, $3.00 a year; $1.80 six months.

Address MiJNN & CO.

Publishers. 3fU Broaoway. Ner7 York.

Tickje LX Tbe E&rtb "With a Hoe, SOW FERRY'S SEEDS and nature will do the rest.

Seeds largely determine the harvest—always plant the best—FERRY'S.

A book full of information about Gardens—how and what to raise, etc.

, sent free to all who ask for h.^1 Ask to-day.

D. M. FERRYf~J DETROIT, & CO., /\JT MICH, THE Standard Gauge RAILWAY!

Through the Rocky Mountains!

Choice of Three Distinct Routes, and the most Magnificent Railroad Scenery in th World.

Two Fast Express Trains Daily each way between OGDEN, SALT LAKE and DENVER.

Elegant Reclining Chair Cars FREE OF CHARGE.

Direct Connections made in Union Depots. The 1 most Thoroughly Equipped Railway in the West.

J. H. BENNETT, General Freight and

Passenger Agent.

L>. u.dodge, a.

E. Welby, Lieii'l Manager.

Superintendent

0) 'f!

o H o 3- S ft « D "CORTICELLL"ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, These are the „, in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of thready The silken thread, that ev'ry one saidi Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli "built.

C. H. SAMPSON, *Lgen\ o r a H o o o B H (£ QD Dd >M c PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St.

salt jl^iecie.- oitt TJT-Ali

The occurrences of late, both locally and nationally, are fraught with much interest to those who keep up with the country's history and progress.

Among the most important of these occurrences, nationally, we might name the Home

Rule and ir tt t^T^T^"X"W 1""™^ Statehood bills to help I I I™™"1"* poor distractedUtah JL JL A.

IL ^na&L*.

l,,„«- to govern herself.

The speeches of the gentlemen interested in the passage of these bills, as well as those opposed to them, have been read by the public.

The bill for the free coinage of silver has been introduced and commented upon.

The protestations of the anti- Hill faction have been uttered, the Cleveland Democrats are working, and the Whitney boom looks threatening.

The-^ ± ^^*V X y Blaine withdrawal has left Harrison ^\r I f master of the ReYOU publican situation JL \»*^ \m^ Locally, the discovery of mines and gas wells, the Legislature and its work, the municipal election returns and the distribution of official favors, and the great Democratic and astonishing Republican gains, have kept the public pulse beating abnormally.

All these things are of much concern, but our good people should not forgetjn this time of sensations and startling social and political IT TT T^"""^ H"'fy I V II V changes that we I I i /—

Bm^^/ § should havean JL JL '!"JL jL JL ^^ ln«nr^ interest in all home enterprises and should assist in the development of home talents.

These are too varied to be enumerated.

We, however, call attention of all who are interested in good solid, home literature to the pleasing changes made in the organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

The introduction of half-tone engravings illustrating our articles was a happy^™y^ TT TT "^^^"^^ thought, making the magazine one I I j—H of high class and THE sought after more JL JLmama^ than ever.

The articles on tlie Pilgrims are timely, preparing one for an appreciation of the anniversary of the discovery of this country.

The magazine has been enlarged and volume thirteen will contain one hundred extra pages, and be improved in every way that the people's patronage will justify.

The subscription is two dollars a year.

Binding, fifty cents a volume.

Forr f i t i f f""N ^ |^'i rtwo dol I I I—| V**.

lars and I!* JL JL HnnwiMi- \**mJr X twenty-five cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

Send in your order at once for Volume Thirteen to The Contributor Co.,

Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

P.O.Box 520.

THE MUTUAL LIFE

Insurance Company of New York RICHARD A. McCURDY, President.

Statement for the year ending December 31, 1891

Asset;

$159,507,138 08 Beserve on Policies (American Table 4°/ Liabilities other than Reserve,

Surplus, Receipts from all sources, Payments to Policy-Holders, BiskN assumed and renewed, 194,470 policies, Bisks in force, 225,507 policies, amounting to...

$140,968,322 00 507,849 52 12,080,967 16 87,634,781 68 18,765,711 86 607,171,801 00 695,753,401 0::

Note.—The above statement shows a large increase over the business of 1890 in amount at risk, new busine.-^ assumed, payments to policy-holders, receipts, assets and surplus; and includes as risks assumed only the number ind amount of policies actually issued and paid for 1..

the accounts of the year.

THE ASSETS ARE INVESTED AS FOLLOWS:

Beal Estate and Bond & Mortgage

Loms, $81,345,540 4S United States Bonds and other Securities,....

57.601,455 7,S Loans on Collateral Securities, 10,223,903 90 Cash in Banks and Trust Companies at interest, 5,070,153 00 Interest accrued, Premiums Deferred, etc.,....

5,206.085 $159,507,138 CI I have carefully examined the foregoing statement and find the same to be correct.

A. N. Waterhouse, Auditor.

From the Surplus a dividend will be apportioned as usual.

REPORT OP THE EXAMINING COMMITTEE.

Office of The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York.

January 25, 1892.

At a meeting of the Board of Trustees of this Company, held on the 23d day of December, ultimo, the undersigned were appointed a Committee to examine the annual statement for the year ending December 31, 1891, and to verify the same by comparison with the assets oi the

The Committee have carefully performed the duty assigned to them and hereby certify that the statement is in all particulars correct, ani that the assets specified therein are in possession of the Company.

In making this certificate the Committee bear testimony to tho hi gl character of the investments of the Company and express their app bation of the system, order, and accuracy with which the accounts s vouchei s have been kept, and the business in general is transact

H. C. von Post, George Bliss, Julien T.

Davies, J AS. C.

Robert Sewell, J.

H. Hekrici D. C.

Robinson, HOLDEN.

ROBERT A. QRANNISS, Vice-President.

Walter R. Gillette, Frederic Cromwell, Emory McClintock, General Manager.

Treasurer.

Actuary.

LOUIS HYAMS, DISTRICT MANAGER FOR UTAH, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Good, active, responsible Agents wanted.

Apply to Louis Hyams, District Manager, Salt Lake City, Utah.

45 sold in '88 2,288 sold in '89 6,268 sold in '90 20,049 sold in '9 1^ 60,000 will be sold in »92 S^IJ

Steel Windmill and steel Tower every 3 minutes.

Cj'These figures tell the story of the ever-growing, ever -going, everlasting Steel Aermoter. Where one goes others follow, nd we "Take the Country."lough sold, we w». re unable to make aii of the 20.<i49 Aermotors in '91.

Ordera'often waited (! weeks to be tilled, but now we have vastly increased our plant and are t ared promptly to plant our increase -u ry habitable portion of the globe.

Are you curious to know how the l r- mOtOrCo.

'"the 4th..carol lu \i-t- ence, came to make many times as many windmills as all other makers combined?

How wo came to originate the Steel Wheel, the Steel Fixed Tower, the Steel C -4 Tilting Tower?

1st. We commenced in a field in a which there had been nent fur 2~> years, and in which O JJ"there seemed no talent or ambi ^ tion.and none has yet been shown except in feeble Imitation ^ o of our Inventions.

-j JJ 2d.

Before commencing the n manufacture, exhausthe Bcien- O ^j tific investigation and expert- * 3 ments were made by a skilled q a mechanical engineer, in which 5; C over 5,000 (ivDamomnic 1 3 tests wire made on 61 differjj ent fornix of wheels, propel??

led by artificialand therefore £ q uniform wind, which settled gj ^ definitely many questions u5 ^ relating to the proper spceu «» jj of wheel, the best form, angle, curvature and amount of saii 1L <* surface, the resistance of air to rotation, obstructions in th £ ® wheel, such as heavy wooden arms, obstructions before the -"!1 wheel, as in the vaneless mill, and many other more ab- § 5?

struwe, though not less important questions.

These & tJ investigations proved that the power of £ a the best wind wheels could be doubled- * ^ and the AERfWOT&R daily demonstrates < M

It has been done.

i.

3d. To the liberal policy of the Aermotnr Co., that enaran-—* tees its geods satisfacto'ry or pays freight both way.-. Ltid 5 to to theenormous ou'putof its factory nhichenables it to fur- c a nish the best article at less than th'e poorest is sold for.

For ** ^ '92 we furnish the mOSt perfect bearings ever gi <D put in a windmill, and have made an exhaustive re~ 3?

vision of the Aermotor and Towers.

If you want a strong, stiff, Steel Fixed Tower—orir vou 2—

want the tower you don'thave to climb (the SteelTiltitlK 0> 5} Tower) and the Wheel that runs when all others stand still, that costs you.less than wood and lasts ten times as king „. "X (The Steel Aermotor) or if you want a Geared Aermotor to CS c churn, grind, cut feed, pump water, turn grindstone and E.

rt saw wood, that does the work of 4 horse3 at the cost of. © one (SlOOj, write for copiously illustrated printed matter, „7 m showing everv conceivable phase of windmill construction t c and work, to the AERMOTOR CO. 12th ai'd Hoek r O weli Sta., Chicago, or 27 and 29 Beale St., San Franciscc.

HIGHLAND BRAND

VAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated, to a creamery consistence and.

Thoroughly Sterilized May be diluted ^A^itn either Water Or fresh. Milk: to any desired consistence

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to JtXttgglz:

dfe IT'a.toia.n., Agents, P.O.Box 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

To Consumers of Pure Lard.

To meet the increasing demand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers through out Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City,

Agents ior ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS CITY: MO.

V V k SI 1R G^arW0^pa4<JW^avm^tcAa^ £h*crc atol ro txowo wer caw* oelore *f:

laub all tfljout for tjjattom oauje tf...

-jc 5/ Kor S le byJZ.

C. V.

I., Sole Ageuis lor Utah.

Vol.

XIII.

MAY, 1892.

No.

7.

COLONIAL BOSTON.

Old Elm Teee.

It can hardly be contended that Boston on her three hills ever became as famous as Rome on her seven, yet its history is richest in reminiscences of the Colonial and revolutionary periods of America.

Much has been written about the early explorations of its present site; but it would be difficult to say who first saw enough of it to get any definite idea of the contour of the land about the harbor.

History mentions in their order the Norse adventurers, the

Cabots, the Dutch skippers, John Smith, Miles Standish, and the Puritans.

Before Boston was chosen as a town site, solitary settlers had located about the bay, and William Blaxston was alone in the wilderness where Boston is now located.

In the year 1630 the first Puritan migration left England for the purpose of establishing permanent colonies in the New World.

The Pilgrims had sailed from Holland ten years before, and fishing expeditions had been equipped whose inducements were not those which led the Puritans to settle in a foreign land.

Salem had already been selected as a town site, and a company of English nobility had made a dismal failure in an attempt to establish a colony in New England. The great migration, however,

COLONIAL BOSTON.

which gave to this country a hardy and brave people was a religious one.

Winthrop, the early and venerable governor of the Massachusetts Bay Company, first sailed to Salem;

but the resources of the place did not satisfy him and his followers, so he sailed down the coast to Charlestown, an inland peninsula formed by the Mystic and Charles rivers.

Sickness and the failure to obtain water, soon created objections to Charlestown, and the people accepted the invitation of

Blackstone to settle on the peninsula across the river south, then known by the

Indian name of Shawmut. "living water."

Annie Pollard, at that time a young girl, but who lived to be a hundred and three, told to future generations the story of this first landing in Boston and located the home of Blaxston at the corner of Beacon and Charles streets.

The hills were covered with forests, and were styled mountains.

These were the days of the bitter persecutions of Laud and the emigration to the New World increased rapidly.

In a few years Boston became a thriving town, and the port of entrance for all those who preferred to establish homes in the interior.

The hilly character of the place forced the people to lay out farms and building lots in the most convenient manner.

It was many years before the hills were partially leveled, so that the place had already been built up to too great an extent to change the plan of the city and direction of the streets, a fact which may do much to explain their present combination of all that is crooked and contradictory about them.

One of the greatest results of this migration was the new government to the organization of which it led, and the principles of liberty which became an outgrowth of it.

The English government had granted a charter which contained certain liberties and into which certain rights and privileges were read.

The fact is when the Puritans left their mother country they intended to establish a government of their own and were careful not to leave their charter behind them with the incorporators who remained in the old world.

Time favored their undertaking.

England was soon plunged into the struggles of the civil wars.

Cromwell at the head of the Puritan move was everywhere successful, and sympathized with his brethren in New England.

Besides, in their early struggle with the hardships of the climate and with the ferocious natives, their poverty excited neither the greed nor the ambition of office seekers^.

At first they were united in their faith and purpose, a purpose to establish a theocracy on the American continent, which would develop an ideal and universal brotherhood among,them.

In this purpose they were strictly honest and conscientious.

They had not come to teach others the lesson of religious toleration, a lesson partially but imperfectly learned even now.

Everything with them centered on their religion.

The meeting house was the center from which the building lots and farms radiated.

They carried out the idea of brotherhood as far as they could by communal interest.

Pastures and woodlands were set apart, and rights in them descended regularly from father to son; but these conditions have long since disappeared.

Important, too, was the early system of town government.

When the towns were small and local interests so nearly equal, they met once a year, elected officers, and levied taxes, all enjoying the rights of franchise, that is all, so long as they saw eye to eye in matters of religion.

It must be fairly said that they promoted the principles of democracy among themselves, and made rapid strides in advance of anything the Old World had known.

They were biblical students, and believed that the test of equality was to be found in their religious zeal.

When the barriers which they erected against those of another faith broke down, the principles of political liberty survived and to-day they constitute the greatest legacy of our Puritan ancestors.

The story of the struggle before which these barriers gave way does not always reflect credit on their memories, nor does it indicate that the intent and purpose of their migration to this land were in the interest of religious liberty in

COLONIAL BOSTON.

its broader and more generous spirit.

It is indeed worthy of notice, that one of the earliest interferences in the affairs of the colony by the mother country was in the interest of religious liberty in behalf of all other denominations of the Protestant faith.

But after all, the religious controversies became the means to a political end, and it is curious to note the effort made to keep certain affairs of state and church distinctly separate.

People as zealous as the Puritans would naturally devote themselves to a variety of speculations as soon as the problem of religious rights had been solved in their favor, as against the mother country.

From the habit of dealing with a real enemy, they soon acquired the habit of dealing with an imaginary one.

Roger Williams, was one of the earliest to disturb domestic tranquility.

They had some real cause of complaint against him, and much that was purely imaginary.

The summary method of dealing with such cases when the predjudices of the people are under control, has always been and still is the favorite one.

Men rarely put themselves to the inconvenience of argument or demonstration where there is no necessity for persuasion, the touchstone of religious and political propaganda.

Another element of disturbance was found in Anne Hutchinson.

She was described as a gentle woman "of nimble wit, voluble tongue, eminent knowledge of the Scriptures, and notable helpfulness to her sex, to which especially she addressed herself."She was a preacher of unusual influence, and attracted about her large audiences, for those days, of her own sex.

She was vigorous in her|criticisms.holdingthat the ministers were under a covenant of works and not of grace.

Many of her criticisms were nice spun distinctions; but she succeeded in creating a considerable following.

There were two parties in the contest, at the head of one of which she stood.

She was accused of being an Antinomian, and after a long and tedious trial was banished, though afterwards subjected only to excommunication.

However, she prefered to join Roger Williams in Rhode

Island, where she met her death by the hands of the Indians.

Severer and more disgraceful than all were the persecutions of the Quakers.

The struggle was hard and prolonged.

The Puritans looked with suspicion upon the advent of immigrants of any other faith.

In 1656 two women, both Quakers, came from the Barbadoes to Boston, and a short time John Hancock's House.

after eight more came from England.

They were searched and the books found in their posession were burned, that the heresy they contained might not be propagated, and they were imprisoned and afterward sent away.

A heavy fine was placed upon any captain who should attempt to land a Quaker in Boston.

But the Quakers were persistent in their opposition to the Puritans.

They were not in those days the quiet and unobtrusive sect they are to-day.

They were zealots of the extreme class.

Some felt that the sacrifice of their lives would be conducive to the well-being of their church, and they found the Puritans ready to gratify these desires at the gallows.

Individuals among them displayed a vulgar fanaticism.

One made her way

3°o COLONIAL BOSTON.

into the Old South Church with her face blackened, her feet bare, clothed in sackcloth, and ashes on her head.

"Deborah Wilson went through the streets of Salem naked as she came into the world, for which she was well whipped,"a punishment frequently adopted in those days.

Laws of the severest character were passed against them.

People were fined if they attended a Quaker meeting, and

Quakers were put to death if they reFaneuil Hall.

turned to Boston after banishment.

Reports of these cruel persecutions reached the king's ear, and he wrote to the authorities of Boston, "requiring them not to molest the people in their worship, who were of the Protestant faith, and directing that liberty of conscience should be extended to all such."Such interference with their rights the Puritans did not like, but the protest from so high an authority had its effects.

One of the Quakers, writing to the king, gives these statistics of the persecution:

"Twentytwo have been banished on pain of death, three have been martyred, three have had their right ears cut, one hath been burned in the hand with the letter H, thirty-one persons have received six hundred and fifty stripes, one thousand and forty pounds worth of goods have been taken from them, and one lieth now in fetters condemned to die."There is a notable difference in the manner historians treat the persecutions of the Quakers.

One says, "It is probably true that the treatment of the Quakers in the Massachusetts Colony, in the years mentioned, from 1660 tq 1666-67, is un-.

paralled in the history of the human I race."Hutchinson concludes his re-; marks on the subject thus: "May the time never come again when the government shall think, by killing men for their religion, they do God good service."

Bancroft says, "These transient persecutions, begun in self-defense, were yet no more than a train of mists hovering, of an autumn morning, over the channel of a fine river, that diffused freshness and fertility wherever it wound.""The persecuted Quakers,"says Drake, "were fully persuaded that the day of wrath would overtake New

England, and they did not fail to declare their belief; and, indeed, it was not long before their predictions were fulfilled:

for the terrible war with the Indians, which followed in a few years, was viewed by them as the vengeance of heaven for their cruelty to the Quakers."

Henry Cabot Lodge says, "It has been the fashion in these days to represent the case as if all the wrong were on one side, and all human sympathy should be with the Quakers.

It seldom happens in any quarrel that all the wrong is on one side. In this instance wrong was argely on one side, but not entirely so."The Puritans were not only peculiar in their religion, but were equally peculiar in many of their laws.

It frequently happened in this new community that some one committed an act contrary to the social customs and order of Christian conduct as they interpreted it, and it likewise frequently happened that there were no laws prescribing punishment for such acts.

But they found not difficulty in making their laws ex post facto. They fervently believed that one of the pur-

COLONIAL BOSTON.

poses of government was to make men honest. Josias Plaistow stole four bushels of corn from the Indians, for which he was sentenced to return to them eight, pay five pounds, and be called Josias instead of Mr. Josias Plaistow. A carpenter who charged too much for a pair of stocks which he had made was sentenced to be put in them for an hour.

This puritanic zeal dealt severely with some social improprieties.

A sea captain was fined ten shillings for kissing his wife in the street on his return from a distant voyage.

There were laws against witchcraft in Boston as well as in Salem, and the Old Elm Tree under which victims of the delusion were hung from its branches, was carefully preserved where it stood in the Commons till the year 1876, when it was blown down.

So much attention has been given to the details of

New England history in recent years that a museum of curiosities has been collected in almost every circumstance of Colonial life.

Literature, old maps, and reprints of newspapers have~ been carefully collected and preserved from oblivion.

Not least interesting among these colonial literary curiosities are the early newspapers.

The first newspaper published in America was issued at Boston.

Either Venice or Hong Kong has the honor of publishing the first in the world; but the Gazette of Venice issued in 1583, was in manuscript.

The oldest printed newspaper was "The English Mercury,"issued in 1588.

It would be interesting to know just how these Puritans regarded a newspaper, which must have been a doubtful innovation to conservative spirits who had thought out a world as it ought to be. Whatever their ideas were in general, there was no doubt about what they thought of the first one published in Boston.

The publishers were allowed to issue but one number, which was named and advertised as follows:

"Numb.

1.

Publick Occurrences, Both Foreign and Domestic, Boston, Thursday, Sept. 25, 1690."» It was "designed that the countrey be furnished once a month (or if any glut of occurrences happen, oftener), with an account of such considerable things ns have arrived unto our notice."

Among the purposes for which it was issued was, "that something may be done towards the curing, or at least the charming of that spirit of lying which prevails among us."Some "reflections of a high nature"were assigned as the cause of its suspension.

The paper was taken with other papers to the Colonial office in London, where it was discovered some years ago.

Here is one of its advertisements: "A negro woman to be sold by the Printer of this paper; the very best negro woman in town; who has had the smallpox and measles;

is as hearty as a horse, as brisk

Old South Church.

as a bird, and will work like a Beaver."The paper contained other advertisements of negroes for sale; but in those days the New Englanders had not learned that slave labor was unprofitable in the North.

In the year 1760, one hundred and thirty years after the town was first set-

i02 AT HIS DAUGHTER'S WEDDING.

tied, there were twenty-five thousand inhabitants. The commerce had increased rapidly, and Boston was the most important sea port of America.

In those days Boston must have presented from theshore a picturesque sight, built as it was on the sides of the hills, up whose slopes the retreating houses climbed till the summit of Beacon Hill, where the State house now stands, was reached.

All was life and stir in the harbor—indeed there were few more important ones in the world.

It has been said that outside of London there were no more valuable ones in all England.

Many of the streets had received cobble-rock pavements, and the sidewalks were marked off by posts and chains.

There existed f\vo sides to social and public life. On the one hand the conservative, sober minded and devout Puritans, on the other gay, ostentatious, and worldly minded courtiers whose business it was to secure the favor and patronage of the mother country.

The festivals, celebrations and public demonstrations of a gay and frolicsome kind were looked upon as temptations of evil to be eschewed by the devout colonists.

Gradually foreign customs and manners began to insinuate themselves into the life of Boston, so that a considerable relaxation took place in time; but it never became general nor complete.

In the country the people continued in their stolid and rigid habits of life.

Lectures and meetings were in order, both week day evenings and Sundays, and it is safe to say that Boston still leads all the great sea port towns of America in her strict observance of the Sabbath day.

Then people were fined if they passed the limits of the city on the Lord's day, and were not even allowed to take a walk in the Commons.

This Puritanic feature of the Sabbath has never wholly lost its character and to-day it is probably the most deserted and lonely city in America on Sunday.

During the summer, music is regularly provided on the Common from the hours of two to four, and then large crowds may be seen enjoying the music as they stroll about beneath the dense foliage or lounge on the grassy slopes of the little undulating hills.

The Puritans were as thoroughly detested and ridiculed in their day as any people ever were;

but they cared little for the opinions of their enemies, and treated with admirable indifference the satires cast upon them.

Their works outlived the evil and ridicule of their opponents.

Within a harsh and stern nature there was an inherent honesty, and a fixed purpose that successfully braved the dangers of a wild world and a rigorous climate.

They stamped the seal of their character upon the nation and it justly does them honor.

They were not only full of intregrity but they were intelligent men for those days.

They loved learning and encouraged free schools and higher education.

They were doers in the midst of a critical age and dared to face the contempt and unjust treatment of their country to found a better and higher civilization than the world has ever known.

Joseph M.

Tanner.

AT HIS DAUGHTER'S WEDDING.

From the French of Victor Hugo, by Leo Hcefeli.

Love him, who loveth thee, and in him happy be.

Farewell—be thou his treasure, as thou hast been ours.

Go, blessed child, from family to family,

Take happiness with thee, leave us the griefsome hours!

Here they would hold thee back, and there thou art desired;

Wife, daughter, angel, child, thy double duty do.

Give us a sad regret, with hope see them inspired,

Leave old friends with a tear, with smiles go to the new.

LKTITIA.

A ROMANCE OF "THE POINT.

It was one of those warm days which blossomed out like violets amid the snows and rains of the changeful April.

The ready spring sunshine, with abundant good faith, had brought out pink and white buds in the orchards, and measured out lengths of wheat blades to the expectant fields and plots of pale green grass to the brown earth, as if its warmth were not a transient phase to be replaced by chill winds and snows at the mad month's whim.

Upon the plain stretching westward to the Oquirrhs, the verdure showed in streaks where tall rushes and willows followed the paths of slender marshy streams, or grouped themselves about small pools and ponds gathered in the hollows of alkali beds.

Towards the further end of the road which stretches westward across the prairie, a buggy was moving.

It had two occupants—one a fleshy, unelderly looking man of forty, the other perhaps eleven or twelve years younger.

Both wore light-gray, spring suits, and small, natty-looking Derby hats.

The younger was driving, the lines held taut and firm in his well-gloved hand.

They faced the western sun which was fast sinking—and as they drove slowly onward, both were surveying the prospect on either hand with keen, speculative glances.

Everywhere about them were evidences of the prevailing boom.

Every mile showed imprints of its tread—every desirable tract looming as a prominent waymark.

Incipient additions on every hand.

Brown, barren acres fenced in and fitted with startling structures, tended to tempt the eyes of prospective suburban settlers;

cheap frame houses constructed on designs adapted principally for a general and dazzling display of decorative paints.

White tracts of alkali laid out in lots, tempting purchasers with light purses through the display of such legends as, "Easy payments—call at once;

for this week only—lots twelve dollars each next week advanced prices."And so on;

all writing in unmistakeable characters upon the landscape the wondrous and all-compelling power concentered in the simple talismanic word, "Boom."

The elder of the two men riding in the buggy spoke.

"It would be a great thing for them if they could get a railroad over there."He nodded his head in the direction of the Oquirrhs upon whose slopes the tide of western settlement had cast its highest wave.

Close up under the curved hills which gleamed like masses of white metal in their sunlit snows, clusters of white cottages were seen, the separate environment of each marked plainly by squares of tilled fields stretched out along the dusty brown slopes.

The sun, slowly descending, touched the crest of the island peaks, blinding their eyes with his parting crimson rays.

The younger man touched the horse briskly with his whip.

"We will have to hurry to get through before night,"he said.

"Besides, if we can't get lodgings here, we will have to drive over to Garfield."They crossed a narrow bridge, under which a wide sluggish stream flowed, starting up mysteriously by the roadside, near the curve of a low headland of hills which rose close at hand.

Its waters were dark and shallow, its bed lined with watercresses, and some dank, green trailing grass which had rooted itself in the water.

Tiny brown fish moved in and out under the swaying green fronds, lazily following the water's imperceptible current, which ran westward a short distance to an inward curve of the hill where its further view was shut oft by a tiny rock building, beneath whose walls it disappeared.

Beyond this building, and to the left of the road, was a larger stone house standing upon a slope of the low, rocky headland.

As they neared the smaller house, the young man whose name was Gray, handed the lines to his companion.

"I'll get out and let the horse drink here"'he said, "and find out if that house yonder is where Bartol lives."

3°4 LETITIA.

He unfastened the check strap, and went around the corner of the little house.

As he did so a young girl appeared in view coming down a narrow footpath from the direction of the house on the hill.

She was attired in a neat, blue gingham gown—a long white apron fastened at the waist, hanging to her feet in front.

Her face and figure were rounded, yet slender, her eyes blue, and rather dark, as were her eyebrows and lashes, making a distinct and telling contrast for the clear, pink and white complexion and pale, blond hair.

In either hand was a large, tin, milk pail; and coming down the path with the brilliant sunset light shining upon her, she seemed a typical and ideal rustic picture.

Frazier, the elder of the two men, viewing her across the roof of the stone hut, from his seat in the buggy, whistled, "Where are you going my pretty maid?"softly, under his breath.

As she approached, Gray raised his hat.

"Pardon me;

I am looking for the man who owns the land off there near the Lakeville tract.

Can you tell me if he lives near here?""I think our neighbor, Mr.

Bartol, owns some land there, but I couldn't say for certain,"she answered.

"Perhaps father could tell you something about it,"she added; "he is up at the house."

She nodded her head in the direction of the larger stone building.

The fragrance of the milk which was yet warm, came to him temptingly from the pails.

"Would it be presuming in me to ask for a glass of milk,"he said suddenly.

"My companion and myself have driven from the city, and the ride has been rather tiresome and dusty.""Oh, not at all,"she answered readily.

"Come inside, please;

I'll get a cup."He opened the door of the little building for her, and entered after her as she went in.

Coming out of the glare of the clear setting sun, the place at first seemed in total darkness; then, gradually, a narrow bar of light shining through an aparture in the wall at the further end of the small room, lit its interior into dim distinctness.

Through the opening whence shone the light, came also the waters of the stream he had seen outside—flowing under and around a solid board floor laid so as to permit the cool current to drift thus unimpeded about it.

Around the walls, in the creeks formed by the open space between them and the boards, was a row of tall jars, each capped by fiat bright pans filled with cream and milk

Ranged above these on various^ shelves were large white platters, each crowded with symmetrical, golden rolls of butter.

At the further end of the islanded floor, a large patent churn sat, flanked with a low, three legged stool.

The goddess of this miniature ideal dairy set the pails on the floor and took two bright tin cups from the shelf.

"Excuse me,"said Gray.

"I will call my friend."He went outside, and in a moment returned with Frazier; the cool soft gloom of the milk house seeming paradisical to both, after the long ride across the dusty and sunburned plain.

As they came in, the young girl who was pouring milk from the pails into their cups, paused and turned towards them.

"We have buttermilk, if you like that better, "she said with a questioning smile.

Both men alleged an ardent preference for buttermilk.

She took a dipper from the shelf and plunged it into a tall jar standing in the water, bringing it forth filled with the cool, bluish liquid—its surface swimming with tempting, golden specks of butter.

As they drank from the cups she had filled, the girl busied herself in pouring the milk from the pails into the jars ranged about the walls.

Then, after they had finished, she preceded them up the path, leading the way to the house.

Her father, a tall, gaunt man, with blue eyes and faded reddish hair, was sitting in the front room into which she led them, and readily answered their questions.

"Yes;

John Bartol owns ten acres of that meadow land out towards the lake.""Couldn't say whether he wants to sell or not—presume he would if he could get a good price.

Land's gone up every-

LETITIA.

where around here since the boom—expect he will want enough to make himself good."''Drive back the road you came by, and you'll see his house around the curve of the hill."The two drove back along the borders of the sedgy stream, and, crossing the bridge, turned southward, finding the house easily, since it was the only one in the locality, They talked for some time with Bartol and when they left the cottage the night shades were falling.

"Can we get lodgings hereabouts,"queried the elder of the two strangers;

"I would like to stay over a day and talk with you again.

I think you will see things in a different light."Bartol, a short, thick set, dark complexioned man, smiled good humoredly.

"All right,"he said, "I'm willin'to talk.

You can stay over there at Peirce's they generally keep a spare room ready for missionaries, and deputies, and such.

Just let 'em know which you be,"he said jokingly.

"We are willing to assume the character most popular in the locality,"said Gray smiling.

"Better tell 'em your deputies,"said Bartol quickly with a wink.

The two men laughed and rode away.

At Peirce's they were given a warm supper, and afterward the room upstairs under the sloping roof, for a bed chamber.

At breakfast the next morning they were waited upon by the "maid of the milk house,"as she was styled by Frazier, her right name proving to be the rather stately one of Letitia, though Gray afterwards found through the more common usage of "Letty"in its stead by the family, that the former was a "company name"used, like the parlor, only upon occasions of ceremony.

The two men spent the greater part of the day with Bartol, riding out with him to his property near the lake shore and inspecting with satisfaction the acres of goodly land, situated in this "eminently desirable locality."When, however, they returned in the afternoon to Peirce's, nothing satisfactory had been effected in regard to the contemplated purchase.

"We shant act too anxious,"said Frazier, when, after having partaken of a bountiful repast with the Peirce's, they were riding towards the city.

"We will give Bartol a week to turn it over in his mind before going near him again."x In the middle of the following week, the Utah and Nevada train came to a standstill in the fields opposite the stone house, and Elbridge Gray, swinging from the steps of the car, proceeded to pick his way carefully over the damp clods of the field, in its direction.

He was attired in the same modish suit ot grey he had worn before, and his hand held a valise.

His path brought him near a barn which stood opposite the house, and here he ran against Evan Peirce.

Mrs. Peirce and Letitia with easy, unaffected hospitality made him feel quite at home.

He was absent the greater part of the day and when he returned supper was over, but they had saved his own warm in the oven.

Mrs.

Peirce made profuse apologies for eating without him.

"We have so many men hands around we have to have the meals at just such a time, "she explained regretfully.

Gray did not mind it;

it made it seem more intimate and home-like to have them treat him without formality.

The well seasoned home fare seemed delicious after the hotel and restaurant food he had been eating under protest during the two past years.

So was the genuine home atmosphere he seemed to breath, sitting amongst the family on the porch outside, after his meal, in the approaching twilight.

Letitia, Gray noticed, was not among them, and he wondered why she did not appear.

Presently, after smoking a cigar, he arose to walk over to Bartol's house for a moment.

"You needn't go down by the road,"said Mrs. Peirce, "you can take that footpath up over the hill, and make the way shorter."He thanked her and walked away.

The path which led from the rear of the house was a narrow trail climbing amidst sagebushes and boulders over the crest

LETITIA.

of the low hill.

The spot seemed lonely and wild, lying quiet and dim under the cool, blue-gray shades of twilight.

Red and gold tinges were etched on the western sky, the last pale strokes made by the hand of the dying sunset.

A cool salt scented breeze blew from the lake, making the pulses throb with some new sense of vigor and freedom.

Gray thought of the multitudes in the far off, familiar eastern cities doomed to suffer from the blight of the coming summer heat, to whom such air as this would mean more than untold gold, and drew a long, deep breath of yearning pity.

"Talk about climate,"he said to himself, as he walked on;

"why, if they only knew"—he stopped short at the sight of a familiar figure before him.

It was Letitia.

She was walking apart from the 'path, stooping now and then fo pick up something from the ground.

She heard his step and turned suddenly, returning his salutation with a smile which folded a tiny crease in either pink cheek like a deep tinted petal, curling itself up in the heart of a rose.

"You are taking an evening stroll, Miss

Peirce?"he said conventionally.

"Yes.

I am searching for rocks for my collection,"she said, holding towards him her apron, which was bunched up loosely in her hands.

It was filled with curious, semi-transparent pebbles of the color of topaz, but without its density.

Some were smooth and sharp, others round and puffed over with dull yellow bubbles like glue that has been melted and cooled.

They were curious and pretty, but valueless.

"What is the object of the collection,"asked Gray, walking by her side, and glad of a chance to continue the conversation.

"I'm saving them to pave the floor of a summer house, when we get one,"she answered seriously.

"I thought they would do for a mosaic floor."They continued to chat amicably as they went on. Letitia withthat frank sociability, which is the usual result of an experience limited to the intercourse of friends and neighbors;

yet with enough reserve to keep her manner untinged by any hint of boldness.

She turned back when they came in sight of Bartol's cottage, and Gray was sorry that he had told her that he had an errand there, as he would liked to have walked back with her across the hill.

He did not wish to presume however, and raising his hat, went onward to Bartol's cottage.

When he returned, which was in a short time, the family were still sitting on the porch, though Mrs. Peirce soon proposed going inside.

"Light the lamp in the parlor, Letty,"she said, rising to go in the house, "and play some of your tunes.

Its rather dull out here and it will help to pass the time away."She led the way into a room which he had not entered before.

A large round center table stood in the middle of the floor covered over with a white crochet tidy, whose thread fringe touched the floor.

A Bible, Book of Mormon, and small Latter-day Saints'hymn book were arranged about a globe of colored waxflowers which stood in the center of the table.

Dark mahogany chairs of ancient shape stood about in pairs, and an organ was placed diagonally across a further corner.

On the wall above it was a large sized portrait of Brigham Young, surrounded by smaller frames containing pictures of some of the Apostles.

It was all typical and home like.

At her mother's insistence, Letty sang some of the songs she had been playing, and shortly afterwards the group broke up for the night.

Gray found Bartol somewhat stubborn about the land.

He wanted to sell a piece of property adjoining the lot on which his house stood, but preferred to hold to the lake property for a month or two longer at least, to see what strides the boom should make.

This was a direct reversal of Gray's wishes and plans; but he went to the city next day and told Frazier of Bartol's proposition, which, in fact, offered some advantageous terms.

Frazier inclined to favor it.

"We can put up two cheap houses on the land, lease them for a year at enough to pay good interest on our money, and

LETJTIA.

at the end of the term, put them up to the prices which will come out there with the boom."He had two Swedish emigrants in his eye who were desirous of making a home for their families who were to arrive in June.

As they had little money, the conditions he could offer would just suit them.

So when Gray went back to "the Point,"he took two or three carpenters along to commence work on the cottages. He himself stayed to overlook it, glad of an excuse to keep near Bartol till the other important question of the lake land should be settled.

Frazier declared that he had other reasons for liking to stay there as well.

In fact, Gray was in Letitia's company a good deal.

He had offered his assistance in gathering pebbles for the summer house, and the proposition paved the way for many walks together over the rough hillside.

Then he came to visit the various meetings and gatherings which Letty attended.

The people of Pleasant Green began to talk—seeing him so often as Letty's escort.

A little group, gathered outside one of the houses after a meeting of the Relief

Society, were earnestly discussing it.

"I wonder what Bert Parker will say when he knows Letty's taken up with another fellow since he went away.""Where is Bert all this time, anyway?""He's in the city.

He owns a big lot in the Tenth Ward, and he's gone in to see about selling it.

I heard a real estate agent had offered him four thousand dollars for half of it.""He could build a good home out here with that.""I guess that's what he means to do, if Letty don't go back on him.

They were just as good as engaged before he went away—kept company together all the time.""How do her folks feel about her going with a Gentile?""Oh, Letty's father has always said he never would put his foot down as to who his children should go with.

He says he's seen too much harm come ofparents interfering in affairs like that—they always turn out worse than as if they were let alone.""Letty Peirce is one that would take her own head in anything, anyway,"said another, "and she'd take it quicker than ever if she thought that anyone wanted to oppose her.""Its too bad for Bert, though; he thinks everything of her, and she would have to look far to find a better or steadier boy.""That's true.

I never saw anyone yet that didn't like Bert Parker.""Well, there can't anything be done the real estate agent has paid his board for a month—and they hav'nt any excuse to turn him out."And so the people watched, talked and waited.

It was a warm day in the latter part of

May.

The cheap cottages next to Bartol's house were well on their way to completion.

Gray made occasional visits back and forth from town to the Point during their progress and to-day he was in the city.

Towards noon, when the high sun was experimenting with genuine summer heat upon the dry white plains, a horseman turned from the road that led past Bartors into the little footpath on the hill above Peirce's.

His young and slightly sunburned face was frank and pleasant.

He had clear hazel eyes, a rather large mouth and firm even lips.

A small round hat was drawn down closely over a well shaped head covered with a somewhat thickly light waved brown hair.

Reaching the house he dismounted, and knocked at the front door which stood open. Letty's mother appeared from an inner room, and greeted him with pleased cordiality.

"Why, I declare!

When did you get home, Bert? I didn't know you was back.""I've only been home a few hours rode out from the city before sunrise.""You always was an early bird, Bert.""Any one else at home,"he said, looking smilingly beyond her into the room.

"Letty's down in the milk house, Bert;

you can go right down if you like.

She's churning, but I guess she wont mind you've seen her at work often before."

Her tone was cordial, but as he turned

3o8 LETITIA.

away a troubled expression came into her eyes.

"I hope Letty will treat him the same,"she said to herself.

"A better boy than Bert Parker never lived—and if Letty treats him shabbily she deserves to be punished, that's all."The door of the milk house was ajar.

Letty sat in the cool gloom of the tiny room, turning the handle of the large patent churn in the further corner.

Bert stepped noiselessly inside, and before she could turn placed his fingers lightly across her eyes.

Then as she struggled to unclasp them, he turned her face upwards and kissed it.

Letty rose to her feet, her eyes flashing and angry.

"Bert Parker! "she exclaimed breathlessly;

"I will thank you not to take so many liberties without the trouble of asking.""You didn't call it 'liberties'when I kissed you good-bye, Letty,"he said, his brown eyes twinkling with laughter.

"People change their ideas sometimes,"she said, still facing him defiantly.

"Have you changed yours?"he asked quietly.

"Yes,"she answered, breathing quickly.

"It's 'rapid transit'with a vengeance, Letty,"he said, still smilingly. * "I like to keep up with the times,"she answered smartly.

He stood looking at her a moment in doubt and surprise.

"You have a right to be angry with me, Letty,"he said at length.

"I shouldn't have come in that way without speaking.

I ought to have known it would frighten you."Letty made no answer, but sat down on the stool with her back turned towards him, industriously plying her interrupted task.

The paddle sounded with steady, insistent splashings, inside the box.

A golden rill of sunshine ran in with the stream through the half hidden aperture in the wall, and a fish drifted with it hiding itself in the water's cooler current under the floor.

"They are going to have great times at Garfield on Decoration Day, Letty,"Bert said, paying no attention to her cool neglect.

"All the folks round here seem to be going, and I came over to see if you will let me call for you."Letty hesitated.

A red flush which had mounted to her cheeks, spread to her white ears and tinged the roots of the blonde hair, which was twisted in a coil on the top of her shapely head.

Then, after a moment, she spoke.

"I am going with someone else,"she said.

Bert stood for a momeYit looking at her in silence, then opened the door quietly and went out.

Decoration Day dawned warm and clear.

From early morning the trains made hourly trips from the city, bringing thousands of people to join in the day's promised pleasure at Garfield.

Gray did not leave Peirce's with Letitia till after the noonday meal. Then they walked across the field to the track, and took the cars there for Garfield.

Two hours afterward Bert Parker appeared at the Beach.

He came horseback and alone, and after tying his horse to the wagon, which he recognized as his brother's, he made his way through the crowd to the pavilion on the lake, looking casually as he went for a glimpse of friendly or familiar faces.

The place seemed seething with people.

Throngs on the platforms, on the steps and pier, and more yet on the pavilions and in the white surfed lake.

Bert saw no one he recognized as he pushed through the dense throng, so he made his way at last to a corner of the pavilion, and stood there idly watching the bathers.

The band on the musicians'stand was playing a waltz tune, and the blue swells of water beneath and around the pavilion seemed to be keeping time to its rythmic measure—like the dancers who were slowly whirling around the smooth polished floor.

A group of men standing near Bert were laughing and talking loudly.

He recognized some of them as real estate men whom he had met in the city.

Presently a remark made by one of them, a heavy, coarse-featured man, with loud flashy appearance, attracted his attention.

As he looked the hot blood surg-

LE TIT!A.

ed up into his face, and his hands clenched themselves at his side. Amongst the dancers whirling near them was Gray and Letty.

Her lithe figure was swaying prettily to the music, her free, graceful motion keeping time evenly with Gray's rather formal waltz step.

Her eyes were bright, her cheeks flushed with health and happiness, the red, arched lips open in a smile which created those mysterious tiny, crimson hollows in her cheek, where petals seemed to be folded.

These charms, together with the added grace of a tasteful summer costume of pinkflowered chaillie, made her a striking picturesque figure.

Bert darted a swift glance at Gray's face as he whirled slowly round.

Whether he had caught and answered the man's flippant recognition, his face did not now betoken.

Bert sat in silent a moment, his fingers still denting themselves in his hot palms.

Then he arose suddenly and left the pavilion.

He could not trust himself to wait the return of the two figures, and risk the sight of interchange of those flippant and coarse glances.

To him it seemed to lower Letty, and he felt humiliated and shamed for her sake in not being able to offer resentment.

This, of course, he could not do without exciting ridicule and disturbance.

He engaged a bath room and soon went into the water, swimming far out from the splashing white surf, into cool, blue depths beyond.

When he came back and had dressed, he went up to the pavilion on shore.

As he crossed the floor to go to the lunch hall opposite the track, he saw Gray standing at the bar with the group of men whom he had seen at the pavilion on the lake.

He held a tiny glass of whisky in his hand, and as he drained it, the barkeeper filled it again, the rest of the men with him keeping pace.

Bert drifted about amongst the throng feeling lonely and miserable. The thought of Letty haunted him like a nightmare.

Presently he crossed the track, leaving the crowds and walking westward towards the hills.

The proximity of the noisy, bustling throngs confused him, and the solitude of the hillside seemed to sooth his perturbed and unhappy thoughts. On and on up the rough, rockstubbled hill he went, feeling a certain sense of peace as he left the tumult below.

It was as if his trouble were apart of the noise and confusion, and in leaving the scene he might rid himself also of that.

"If I could only come back and find it all wiped out,"he whispered to himself as he went on.

"But it can't be—its too late—too late.

She will never care for me, never!"The words reiterated themselves mentally as he went onward.

Presently in one of the cliffs that rose before him, a dark opening yawned.

It was the mouth of the cave whose dense gloom stood out like an ebon beacon on the red and gray tones of the hillside.

Afar it seemed little larger than a cannon's mouth; at hand it was a spacious opening, giving entrance into a dark passage penetrating for a considerable distance under the hill.

Bert sat for a moment on the rock outside the cave, resting and ruminating upon what had past. His thoughts, which had been occupied with the scene at the pavilion, went back to the period when he had been secure in the possession of Letty's love.

A year ago, he remembered, on the anniversary of this day, he had been Letty's escort to the lake.

Then it was he who danced with her, walked with her, taking sweet comfort in the thought that nothing could sever the sweet tie of affection which seemed to bind them together.

A group of them, he remembered, had left the throng and come up to the cave, and he had held Letty's hand while leading her into the gloomy and uneven passage-way.

In the farthest end, following the example of the others, he had carved their names side by side on the rough, black wall.

He wondered if it were still there, or, if that, too, like the other sweet waymarks of that sweet time had been destroyed.

He rose with a sudden impulse and went inside.

Bits ofcandle, left by other tourists to the cave, lay on a shelf-like ledge in the roomy entrance.

He lit one of them, and made his way through the rough passage which grew narrower as he went on.

At length he reached the end.

The narrow pas-

3io LETTTIA.

sage had opened here into a space—resembling the compartment at the entrance of the cave.

He raised the bit of candle high above his head, its slender yellow (lame throwing a dim light around on the damp floor and dripping walls of the cave.

The names were there, inclosed in the little uneven bracket which he had drawn to separate them from the others.

The sight seemed to deepen his misery.

"Letty!

Letty!"he whispered;

"if I could only have you back again if it could only be the same!"He sat down on a rock which lay near him, his eyes brimming with regretful and unhappy tears.

Tiny black drops of water oozed from the wall and fell to the floor.

The damp atmosphere and stillness of the place chilled and depressed him, and he rose to go.

As he turned towards the dim ray of light guiding towards the passage, he started and paused at the sound of a dull, hollow sound rolling from the direction of the entrance. Some one was entering the cave.

He went hastily forward disappointed that anyone should break in upon his solitude and emotion.

Suddenly he started, as the sound of, voices, coming nearer, reverberated dully in the long passage, but amid the indistinct echoes rolling towards him he recognized Letty's voice. A quick intuition told him Gray was with her.

He stopped short in dismay.

The thought of coming face to face with them in this place aroused in him a certain sense of humiliation. A sudden thought came to him.

He blew out the candle and made his way back through the passage.

A huge rock had fallen from the wall near one side of the little compartment at the end, and he hastily took shelter behind it. He could stay there till they had passed out, then take his departure.

Anything to avoid meeting them in his present mood.

Presently they came in sight—the glow from the candle which Gray held in his hand throwing a dim yellow halo before their steps.

"We have come nearly to the end now,"Letty was saying "and you will certainly admit that I was right when I told you it was not worth coming to see.""It is worth coming to see with you Letty,"Gray answered laying a tender emphasis on the pronoun.

Bert noticed that he walked unevenly, as they passed into the rear compartment, both figures outlined dimly in the flickering light of the candle.

A large rock lay in the center of the floor, and they sat down upon it, resting after their tiresome walk.

"There is absolute nothing to interest one,"said Letty, looking around dubiously upon the narrow, rough walls of the apartment.

"Did you think I came merely to see the cave, Letty?"asked Gray, sentimentally.

"That is what you suggested when you were urging me to come here,"answered Letty smiling.

"The cave was of no consequence whatever, Letty, save as an excuse.

I—

I am going away to-morrow and I wanted to be alone with you a few moments, before saying good-bye.""Going away!"echoed Letty somewhat faintly, "but you are coming back again?""I—think not, Letty.

I sold the property we bought from Bartol yesterday, and the other deal's off—and I'm going back East.

The fact is before coming out west I had a row with the old gentleman—that's why I'm here—but its all made up now, and they want me to come home.

They're all cut up because I've been out here amongst the Mormon's so long—got wrong notions about the people—predjudiced—think the're heathens and all that, you see.

If it wasn't for that I'd—I'd stay out here and marry you, Letty, I swear I would, for I'm deucedly fond of you—and I believe you love me, don't you?"He turned and slipped his arm about Letty's waist.

Bert clenched his hands on the rock before him till the blood started, his eyes flashing, his face white and hard.

Unable to control himself, he was about to start forward, when Letty's answer restrained him. She rose quickly to her feet, throwing off Gray's arm which was clasped about her.

Her cheeks were crimson, her eyes flashing with scornful anger.

"I assure you,"she said breath-

LETITIA.

3ii lessly, her eyes fixed steadily on his flushed face, "that you show too much confidence in claiming my affection and in presuming to think that your marriage with me would depend upon your family's predjudice towards my people. You must remember that they too have predjudices—based not upon worldly caste or conditions, but the deepest religious convictions.

If it had happened that a possibility of my marriage with you had occurred, you may be sure they would have considered that it was I who had made the sacrifice."Gray struggled awkwardly to his ieet, the candle wavering dimly in his unsteady hand.

"I'm—I'm sorry I offended you,"he stammered, "I didn't mean it on my word.

As far as I'm concerned—the Mormon's are all right; never met better people on earth—I'll say that much for 'em—and when I go back east, I'm goin'to tell the folks so—can't say anything against the people out here before me that's sure."Letty made no answer.

Gray, confused but not yet sober, blundered on to an expression of the wish that was uppermost in his mind.

"This needn't break up our friendship,

I hope, Letty,"he said, "you see, I'm going away—and we must part friends."He took a step forward, holding out both his arms towards her.

"You'll kiss me good bye, wont you, Letty?"

From crimson, Letty's face turned suddenly white.

"Mr.

Gray,"she said quietly, "you will be kind enough to leave this cave at once."Gray drew back, sobered by her tone and manner.

"But I can't leave you here alone,"he stammered, "you must let me escort you back to Garfield.""I have been here often before, and do not need your company—you have stayed too long already."He turned submissively, placed the candle on a ledge jutting from the wall, and turned away into the dim lighted passage outside.

As the sound of his stumbling footsteps died away, Letty sank upon the rock at her side, her frame shaking with sobs.

Bert stood silent, pitying but not daring to comfort her. To intrude upon her in her present humiliation and pain would, he felt, be worse for her to bear than grief or lonliness.

Presently her sobs became hushed.and she rose suddenly, going towards the candle on the ledge.

She paused before reaching it, however, and stood for a moment, her hand pressed tightly against her head—then suddenly both fell limp and nerveless at her side, a strange expression coming into her face.

She stood looking straight before her, her face blanched, her eyes wide and staring.

Bert watched her breathlessly and startled. Was it faintness or some thought that had come to her, peircing her with sudden agony!

She stood motionless.

The candle, hid from Bert's sight by the jutting wall which interposed between him and the shelf upon which it stood, threw its dim rays downward upon her wan face and tense figure, making her outline a distinct bright silhouette in the darkness.

Now and then a drop of water dripped from the damp wall above, showing like a dull amber bead in the yellow light.

Bert felt troubled and dis mayed.

What memory was holding her thoughts, bringing into her face this agony and terror!

If he only dared speak—go to her—take her hand and soothe her heart with comforting, pitying words.

But to speak suddenly now in her present excited mood, might be perilous—so totally unaware was she of his proximity.

So he did not move.

He did not see behind the flickering candle on the shelf, two bead-like eyes gleaming like tiny points of fire in the darkness.

Did not see the gray folds coiled upon the ledge, nor dream of the threatening peril, till a sudden shrill rattle sounded and a slender, writhing shape shook itself out into the dim light beyond the ledge.

Then he sprang forward, his startled cry echoing through the lengths of the cavern.

His fingers closed upon the cold sinuous coils.

The evil gleaming eyes turned upon him—the

LETITIA.

forked head darting with swift, spasmodic motions at his clenched hands, whose hold was close upon the shining, supple neck.

The long striped body curved and twisted itself vigorously in the air, swinging and beating against him, and now and then twisting its coils about his limbs; the thin, shrill rattle sounding an ominous music to its quick, nervous play.

With his hands tight clenched about its quivering neck, he shook the slim coils from him—beating and stamping them against the floor of the cave.

Still they rebounded, the long body seeming to be instinct with vigorous life.

Bert suddenly loosed his hold and seizing the middle of the lithe, swaying body, hurled it against the wall.

The jar dislodged the candle from its place and it fell to the floor, its light quenched by the blow, leaving him in darkness.

He still grasped the cold, slim shape with his hands, but it had ceased its strong, steady swing, only a slight quivering in the long folds telling him that it still had life.

In an instant he threw it against the floor, tramping the trembling mass till its motion ceased.

Then he drew a long breath.

It was the only sound breaking the intense silence in the cave.

He looked about him but could see nothing in the darkness.

"Letty!"he called.

"Letty, where are you?"There was no answer.

He groped forward a few steps, then paused as he came suddenly in contact with her body stretched on the floor at his feet.

"Letty!"he cried again, "what is it, are you hurt?"As she did not reply, he picked her up gently in his arms, and struggled toward the dim light which came from the outer passage.

Only a ray it was, guiding rather than lighting his way.

Soon it brightened, growing wider and wider, till it opened at last into the broad daylight at the mouth of the cave.

The next instant he struggled into the open air.

The boulder upon which he sat before entering the cave was close at hand.

He placed Letty upon it, supporting her in his arms and chaffing her cold nerveless hands.

Presently, her breath came—a long shuddering sigh.

"Letty,"Bert faltered, anxious, and yet relieved, "you are all right now!"

She opened her eyes.

"Bert!"she whispered joyfully a sudden happy smile blotting out the expression of terror, still drawn upon her wan features, "Bert!

It was not a dream—you were there—you saved me."Bert did not affirm nor deny this incoherent statement.

"Bert,"she said again, presently, a warm flood of color suffusing her cheeks—"you were there all the time you heard all.""Yes Letty,"answered Bert gravely.

Her eyes fell, the blood tinging still more warmly her downcast face.

"I deserved it all, Bert,"she faltered at last, the tears forcing themselves under her fallen lids.

"I have been served just right."A breeze raced up the brown sunlit slope from the lake, shaking, with an effect of boon hilarity, a gray sage bush meeting it upon the edge of a cool shadow cast by the cliff.

"Bert"Letty whispered penitently, "will you try to forgive me?"Her head was upon his shoulder, her dear face close to his own.

He bent his head, and their kiss sealed the renewal of a pledge which remained forever unbroken.

Josephine Spencer.

WINGS.

[FROM VICTOR'S HUGO'S "CONTEMPLATIONS,

BY LEO H^FELI.] My verses, tender and fragile,

Would flee to thy garden springs,

If my verses had wings so agile,

Wings like the Bird has wings.

They would fly like firesparks blithesome

To your hearth that with laughter rings,

If my verses had wings so lithesome,

Wings like the Spirit has wings.

By day and by night they would hurry,

To thee, the pure faithful things,

If my verses had wings so merry,

Wings like Love has wings.

ALMINA.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON.

X.

HARVESTING.

Time, in passing, filled the seasons with their full measure of months, and added another year to the past.

Whatever of joy, of sorrow, of wisdom and of experience, the world had received through its ministrations, Almina Garnett had received her part and portion along with the rest of human kind.

Whether her portion was a just one and whether its lights and shades were allotted with fairness, none but the Distributor or his aids can tell.

But of this we are certain, that as Almina had and did pretty much the ordering of her own share, she should not complain as to her division of Father

Time's presents.

Almina did not now live in the large brick house into which they had moved on her marriage; but in a smaller frame building, which, at some past day, had been painted white.

It set well back in the lot and was surrounded by poplar trees.

The lawn and garden had been neglected and looked much the worse for weeds and underbrush; still it was a comfortable enough place and Almina felt quite at home.

This morning she sat in a small papered bedroom with some needle-work in her hands and a baby asleep on her lap.

Almina's face was quite pale.

The bloom had gone from her cheeks, and her dark eyes and hair were shown off by deeper contrast.

Though the flush and roundness of youth had gone from face and form, still that sweet expression which characterized her features, was there.

Mr. Garnett came in, and, throwing his cigar into the stove, kissed his wife.

His offensive breath did not annoy her she had got used to it, as she had to many others of his ways.

The baby waking, he picked her up and dangled her playfully.

"What shall we name her, Victor?"asked the mother.

"Oh, find anything.

Anything will suit me.""I've been thinking about it for a long time.

You know she's nearly three 1 months old, and we have been calling her Doll as a makeshift.

Don't you think we'd better have her named properly?""How properly?"Almina had been nervously working around to a question she wished to ask, but now she hardly dared go on "Why, have her blessed and named at meeting."Mr.

Garnett took a cigar from his pocket and put it in his mouth.

"I don't see the need of it,"he said.

"But I should like to have it done, Victor.

Why do you object?"The cigar was arranged in another position before he answered, coolly:

"I object because I think it a piece of foolishness.

And further, I also think it about time my wife lay aside some of the childish notions of religion imbued in her youth, and begin to think upon a higher level.

You know we are living in an advancing age—in the broad light of the nineteenth century.

I shall certainly not permit my children to take part in any hypocritical ceremony—but there whoever saw a woman that could be argued with!"The tears crept down Almina's cheek.

She had tried to raise a little temper, but, as usual, it ended in tears and Mr. Garnett seized his hat and made a hurried exit.

So another cherished right was deprived her.

They had been going one by one the whole year, with somewhat the same scene at each departure.

Why should her husband refuse her every cherished privilege?—Almina again reasoned.

It was not kind of him now, when, before their marriage, he had shown considerable interest in her religion himself.

Almina had not been to meeting since that evening in January, and she had lost much of the desire to go.

But the baby-naming incident awoke her reflections again.

Why should she give up her childhood beliefs?

They had been wrought into her and formed part of her.

She could not believe them wrong—and she remembered her Sunay school class and the lesson they were

3i4 ALMINA.

to have the next Sunday—that next Sunday which did not arrive for her.

After some effort, she remembered that the lesson was to have been the Revelation on Marriage in the "Doctrine and Covenants."

Her curiosity urged her to look up the book and read it.

Going to her small box of books which she had brought from Asheville, she searched, but without success for her book.

Her father had made her a present of a "Doctrine and Covenants,"but perhaps she had neglected to pack it.

However, she decided to get a copy at the first opportunity and read that particular neglected lesson.

A year had passed and Almina still knew comparatively nothing about her husband's business.

She had frequently tried to learn something from him, but she could get nothing satisfactory. From some of her few visitors she had received.

vague hints that worried her, and she began to listen more closely to her callers'gossip.

She even questioned the boys who delivered the groceries and the meat, but they knew not his business, nor the location of his office.

"It's a shame,"she would say to herself, "that he will not confide more in me.

He comes and goes, and that's all I know.

Ah, but these ugly rumors!

I must find out more."So the poor woman determined to know the truth, even if that truth added another burden to her life.

One warm, spring evening Almina managed to get to town to do some shopping, and she saw her husband on the street.

Now was her time.

So she kept out of his sight and way, and watched his movements.

He went into a saloon, but soon came out with another gentleman, and they both went along the street, Almina following oil the other side.

On the second block her husband and his companion turned in at a small door which opened on the street.

Almina watched for some time, but as they did not come out again, she crossed over.

It was another saloon, but she did not dare to open the side door to see what her husband's place of business—if this was it—was like.

Going along to the corner she spied a newsboy, and, first seeing that they were alone, hailed him and asked: "Can you tell me what kind of business is done in that place?"and she pointed to the building into which her husband had gone.

"Why, that's a saloon!""Yes, and what does the side door open to?""There's a gambling hall upstairs.

That's the door to it.""'A gambling hall / "Almina put her hand to her head and then on the lamp post—"A gambling hall! "And her husband went in there.

"Gambling!"The word made her shudder.

"But he must not be there—someone ought to tell him—"She got back to the door and stood looking at it, and people, as they passed, looked at her.

It was getting dark;

she must hurry.

She tried the small door—it opened and she looked upon a flight of stairs.

She went in and closed the door after her.

Her brain was in a maze, hardly knowing what she was doing—only waiting to know what her husband was doing—to tell him that he should not go into gambling halls—to help him if necessary—anything to get him out of bad men's clutches.

She quietly climbed the stairs, and when at the top, she heard the low murmur of men's voices.

Opening the door she entered a narrow hallway.

Still another door and she stepped into a large welllighted room.

It was full of men and tobacco smoke.

She had slipped in without being seen and she stood for a moment surveying the scene.

Dimly, through the smoke, which nearly stifled her, she saw groups of men in all parts of the room.

The rumble of talk, the click of round pieces of ivory, the jingle of money, the occasional oath ringing above the conversation, the din and confusion bewildered the visitor and she stood as one spell-bound.

'Twas but for a moment.

A large man with a fierce mustache, came to her and bade her in no gentle tones to "get out,"she was not allowed there.

"I want my husband,"she pleaded, as his manner frightened her.

"Your husband!"and he grinned and

ALMINA.

gave a gruff, "Ha, ha!

Your husband!

Come, get out, you had better go.""But I must see my husband;

he's here, I saw him come in and I know—

Here one of the group of players opened and she caught sight of Mr. Garnett in their midst.

"There he is—there—that is he!"and she pointed at her husband.

Mr. Garnett hurried across the room to her side and spoke a word to the fierce man who stepped back.

Then, taking his wife's arm, h^e led her out of the room, at the same time he leaned over and hissed in her ear:

"What in h are you doing here?"He escorted her into the street which was now dark.

Hailing a carriage, he put his half-unconscious wife in, closed the door and instructed the driver to take her home.

It was the middle of June, and the wild roses in Almina's neglected garden were shedding their sweet perfume on the air.

One bush, heavily laden with pink blossoms, grew by her bed-room window and she could reach the frail, weak arm outside and gather the sweet smelling buds and put them in her lap.

The baby grabbed the bright blossoms and tried to fill her mouth with them.

Almina was weak and pale—paler than usual.

She had been sick—brain fever the doctor called it, and Almina thought it rightly named.

The visit to her husband's place of gambling had brought it on.

But she was getting better now.

What will poor, frail woman suffer and overcome?

That which sturdy man could not endure. The mighty oak is broken by the gale, but the weak, slender willow by its side bends to the wind and is not hurt.

Almina had been writing to her mother.

She wrote many letters to her now, in which she poured out her soul.

She had got thus far when she had to rest:

"I am a gambler's wife.

My child is a gambler's ^:hild.

Our home is a gambler's home, sometimes a gambler's den, as he does not try to hide the truth any more, and sometimes brings his companions with him home.

Oh, mother, what am I coming to?

I picture it in my mind and cry to God, as I have never done, for some kind of deliverance.

I know not, nor care not what, so that it frees me from this impending fate that would seem to make me a rearer of a family that will learn to curse their mother's religion and their God.

Yet I can blame no one, mother, but myself, and I must learn to bear it.

I have been learning to, and am learning—but it is hard, so hard to stifle every right thought, every glorious privilege of the Gospel to throw them away and make our lives so barren, so hungry, and so cold."

There was a knock at the door and, at Almina's bidding, a little girl came in timidly with a book in her hand.

"Mother sent it over,"she explained.

"Thank you, dear,"and Almina took the book and gave the bearer some roses.

It was a promised copy of the "Doctrine and

Covenants."She sat down and, turning over the leaves, came to the long neglected lesson.

"Therefore, if a man marry him a wife in the world, and he marry her not by me, nor by my word; and he covenant with her so long as he is in the world, and she with him, their covenant and marriage are not of force when they are dead, and when they are out of the world;

therefore, they are not bound by any law when they are out of the world;

"Therefore, when they are out of the world, they neither marry, nor are given in marriage; but are appointed angels in heaven, which angels are ministering servants, to minister for those who are worthy of a far more, and an exceeding, and an eternal weight of glory;

"For these angels did not abide my law, therefore they cannot be enlarged, but remain separately and singly, without exaltation, in their saved condition, to all eternity, and from henceforth are not Gods, but are angels of God, for ever and ever."Almina read on to the end of the section;

then the book dropped from her cold grasp.

Oh, the bitterness of her cup!

Oh, the rank, noxious weeds which were the burden of her harvest!

Doomed to a life of misery—the future a blank!

3i6 ALMIAA.

The last ray of the brightness of "Love's young dream"was disappeaiing in the heavens.

The meteor, which had flashed across her sky, was extinguished, and in the east she saw the pale, steady radiance of a star which she likened unto a stalwart youth.

His face was homely, but it beamed with honest intelligence.

He stood on an eminence of coal, a miner's pick across his shoulder, a miner's lamp in his cap.

XI.

"the way it ends."Our love affairs are often the crises of our lives.

To some a disappointed love marks the beginning of a downward career; others it lifts up to higher levels and urges on to greater excellence.

The latter course was adopted by Will Edwards after the marriage of Almina Brown.

It was a terrible blow to him.

Will was poor and ignorant.

The latter could and should be remedied. He would show to Almina and the world that "imported gentleman"were of no finer clay thanjthe rough "home-made."

So he devoted himself to study and in a short time took advantage of a chance to attend an advanced school in one of Utah's larger cities. And so he buried his grief in his lessons and they became so much the dearer to him, connected with such tender ties. But time is the great healer of all wounds, and ere two years had passed, Will Edwards was teaching school in the city, and a little wife was keeping house for him in a two- roomed cottage on the outskirts of town.

At the close of a meeting of the Y. M.

M.

I. A. one evening (Will was an active officer'in the association), a tall gentleman, with bis beard tinged with gray, stepped up to Will and asked if his name was Edwards.

Will told him it was.

"My name is also Edwards."The two stood looking at each other.

"If you are the young man I am looking for, and I have no doubt you are, I am your father."Will took the extended hand, but was silent.

It was so sudden.

The last thing he expected was to meet his father.

The stranger continued:

"You came from Asheville, did you not?

HenryBlake is your uncle—but why ask—you have your mother's face.

I know you are my son."And thus it proved to be.

The long lost father was restored, or rather the father had found his son, as he in his wanderings had nearly lost track of him, and had to trace his child up again.

From Asheville he had been directed to the city—Will's father related—and having chanced in the meeting that night was certain that the young man speaking was his son.

Will invited his father to stay with him, and they had many pleasant associations, and talks on the principles of the Gospel.

He found his father a rough, but honest man, who had been fond of travel and had seen nearly all parts of the earth.

One evening, about a week after his father's arrival, Will was invited by him to go and see a house and lot which he had purchased.

"I want you to move into it,"he told Will, "as the occupant is getting ready to vacate.

It is a nice place, but has been neglected and needs but repairing to make a comfortable home."Arriving at the house, Mr. Edwards knocked, and the door was opened by a lady whose features they could not see as it was dark.

In the hall they encountered trunks and boxes, and when they were ushered into the front room they saw that everything was in confusion, preparatory to removal.

The lady came in with a lamp in her hand, and what should the light reveal to Will Edwards but the face of Almina Brown Garnett!

The two stood looking at each other fcr a moment, then each voluntarily extended a hand to the other.

"Almina!"came to Will's lips as naturally as of old.

"Will Edwards,"murmured Almina, and she gazed at him as if her soul went through those large, dark orbs.

She was but the shadow of her former self, Will could see; but her eyes, they were as bright as ever.

Mr.

Edwards stood by wondering at their strange actions.

"This is an old friend of mine, father, Mrs.

Garnett,""Almina—Mrs.

Garnett, this is my father."

ALMINA.

3'7 "I am pleased to meet you, Mr. Edwards,"said Almina.

"Yes, your son and i are old friends. That is, we were and I hope we are yet.""I have no reasons why we should not be,"answered Will.

"You wished to see the house,"continued Almina.

"You will find it rather untidy as I am all ready to move to-morrow."

She showed them through the house;

but Will saw little except the pale, haggard face of his old friend.

He had heard of Almina's hard life through her mother, but he was not prepared for such a sight.

So, before leaving he asked her if he could be of any assistance to her, not knowing in what straits she might be.

"If you would be so kind, yes,"she said; "I am going home.""Going home?""Yes, going home to mother.

Could you get a job wagon to take my few things to the depot?

"I shall see to it.

You are sure there is nothing more?""No, thank you, nothing more.

My ticket is purchased and everything is paid for.

You see, your father bought my best furniture, yesterday,"and Almina smiled as if it were a good joke.

"But there is no need of that.

Father will return itf and we will ship it to you.""No, no, thank you.

Where would I put it?

No, it is best the way it is."Will would have liked to have known why she was going home, and what had become of her husband, but she did not tell him, and he could not ask her.

He, however, sent a man to help her next day.and he saw the train, from his schoolroom window, taking her back to her home and mother.

As he gazed at it reflections that filled his mind were not of a common character, neither were they pertaining to his school-room duties.

Mrs. Almina Garnett is still living with her mother in their little house at Asheville.

Mr.

Victor Garnett never came back since the day, nearly two years after their marriage, when an officer searched the house for him and found him not. He disappeared, and, to Almina, the father of her two children is as if he never was.

Almina and her mother live very quietly.

Of course there was a great deal of talk at first, and Almina was pointed out as an example of waywardness, and people shook their heads when she was mentioned.

But the gossipers could not stand the calm demeanor of the sad, young mother, and so in"time left her to herself.

Whenever Will Edwards and his wife visit their friends in

Asheville, they never forget to call on the "two widows,"and their visit always seems to bring a little sunshine into faces that are ofttimes sad.

Two little children clamber over the se]J-same rocks, roam over the same fields and meadows as rosy-cheeked Almina Brown did.

Two little children are diligently taught to say their prayers every evening before they are tucked in bed; and one pale, expressive face ofttimes bends over them, and, smoothing their soft tresses, kisses each dimpled cheek, and murmurs softly:

"O God may they live to right their mother's wrong.

They are Thine, O Father.

I dedicate them to Thee.

Take them as an offering for my sins!"Dear reader, if any of you feel like throwing down this book and saying, "I don't like the way it ends,"please remember that the historian does not make history—he simply records it.

I don't like the way it ends.

When I see a young man enter a saloon to drink, I don't like the way it ends.

When I see a young man sin and drive away the Spirit of God, I don't like the way it ends.

When I see young women set their likes, and bestow their favors on strangers to our faith, and Oh, fathers and mothers! when you lend them encouragement,

I nor you, like the way it ends.

As to Almina arid Will of our story, I can say this in conclusion, and perhaps say it with more assurance than does the poet Whittier:

"Ah, well for us all some sweet hope lies

Deeply juried from human eyes And in the hereafter angels may

Roll the stone from»its grave away!"

THE END.

MORAL FACULTY

IN ANIMALS.

To affirm the possesion of a moral faculty, is,in the first place, to assume that they also possess a degree of intelligence which cannot be confined within the limited powers of instinct; and this is now almost beyond dispute, seeing the numerous instances which are continually being relaled, where animals have displayed intelligence which the instincts of their nature never required.

The affirmation is one which seems directly contrary to our education.

It is opposed to the principles that have been instilled and inculcated, until they are become a part of our very being, and our opinions thus formed, being given without a due examination, form a biased judgment.

We may thus, oftentimes, be so deeply or subtly influenced, that even the truth will bear the aspect of falsehood, and we may reject it more because we do not like it, than because we can prove it to be untrue.

The argument for a relationship of reason between man and animals, is one of those which the mind through its early education is in haste to reject, and is in such haste that it prefers not to find reasonable ground for its objection, although data may be close at hand, in fact, even within man himself, who is the epitome of creation.

With these few hints to guide us in a subject, which has been for ages encircled by prejudice and obstinate ignorance, but whose walls in the steady flight of time, and the march of human intel.

lect, have at last been brought to the trial, and are now fast crumbling away, we will proceed to our subject, and endeavor to learn more of our own position in this life, that our hearts and lips may speak in gratitude to our great Creator.

The first question naturally arising will be, "What is moral faculty?"By the term "faculty"we mean "power"to do or perform, not so much physical as mental.

But power can only be known by its effect, action;

for action is the result of power.

Under what circumstances, therefore, may we affirm it to be a moral action?

Action, so far as we know it, is only put forth by beings who possess intelligence, capable'of comprehending a particular end or purpose, and of adapting the means to accomplish it.

It is, however, to be noticed that although "action"is defined to be the putting forth of power, it is not asserted that the moral quality exists only where power is actually exerted.

It is manifest that our thoughts and resolutions may be deserving of either praise or blame; they may be either right or wrong, without resulting in action.

All this exists in man.

He is a voluntary and intelligent being, capable of foreseeing the result of an exertion of power, and that the exertion of power is subject to his will.

He can foresee the result of a particular action; and can will or not will to accomplish it.

And other results may be connected with the action of such a nature as to influence his will in one direction or in another.

Thus a man may know that stabbing another will produce death; he has it in his power to do or not to do it, but such other consequences may be connected by society or otherwise with the act, that although he may desire to do it, yet on other and more direct accounts, he prefers not to do it.

This is sufficient to render man a moral agent,- subject to government.

May not all this be affirmed of brutes?

Are they not voluntary, and, to some extent, intelligent beings or agents?

Do they not frequently comprehend the relation of means to an end?

Do they not manifestly design to injure us, and also select the most appropriate means to accomplish their purpose?

And can we not connect such results with their actions, as shall influence their will, and thus excite or prevent the exercise of their power?

We do this whenever we caress or intimidate them, thus to prevent them from an attempt to injure us or to excite them to labor.

They are then moral agents, subject to government, knowing the result of their actions as to reward or punishment, by the government to which they are subject.

Therefore, we cannot refuse to conclude that their actions are in numerous instances the result of a moral

MORAL FACULTY LN ANIMALS.

faculty, and that they are subject to moral laws in some degree however small.

Reason is a faculty of intelligence, and is not intelligence also the standard by which reason is proved to exist?

We are often told that reason is given to guide us to what is right; and we neither can nor ought to deny that it may be given to brutes for a similar purpose;

and if they are not the victims of blind impulse, working wholly in the dark to the accomplishment of ends and purposes of which they are ignorant, then there must be intelligence, and if there be intelligence in any degree, there must be in some measure a morality in the animal kingdom, and it is surely worth an endeavor to ascertain what that morality is like.

Let us now carefully examine a few of the actions of animals as illustrative of our subject.

Should you call upon your dog, having perhaps missed him for some time, you will tell by his manner whether he has been engaged in mischief or duty.

They who are most familiar with them can best judge what is likely to be the range of their moral capacity, but the most careless observers may take their part in the investigation of this subject, for who has not heard of and seen a "naughtv dog."Now your dog knows exactly, as if he had learned by heart, what is ( for him) right, and what is wrong.

You have called him and he comes, not with a joyous bound, but with a tardy snuffle and a slow walk, with head down, his nose near the floor, and his tail doubled under him, and you know that he has been in mischief, and he knows that he has merited your displeasure by his wrong doing, and that you will frown and punish, that shame may follow upon his misdeeds.

We scorn the term "instinct"when we think upon this action, simple and familiar though it is There is nothing that will agree with the definitions of "instinct,"but we do see the traces of a power which discerns right and wrong; and when we punish, ought we not to ask ourselves, why punish him at all, if he is not a responsible moral agent?

He wanted amusement, and found it in mischief, just as we ourselves, when young, found amusement in mischief, knowing all the while that it was wrong, and anticipated the nature of the punishment to be endured should we be discovered.

But this general indication may not bring any conviction to a mind whose judgment is burdened by either prejudice or skeptical pride.

The workings of maternal affection afford a familiar example of one of the finest purely moral qualities with which Almighty wisdom has endowed the animal creation.

We may call it "instinct,"but who can draw the line of distinction between the love of a bird for its young and the love of a human mother?

In what quality of parental tenderness does the superior creature differ from the inferior? We can trace in each an anxious care—an earnest anticipation of wants assiduity which knows no fatigue—devotion which cannot be chilled—constancy unfailing—and we may at any time learn from the solicitude of an animal in the welfare of its offspring something of the morality of the animal creation.

It would not be a very difficult matter to enumerate other requirements of moral law and point to their fulfilment, not adventitiously, but designedly and intelligently, by animals.

Why do we speak of an "honest dog"or a "vicious horse?"Is it not because we find virtue in one and vice in the other.

But there are honest horses and vicious dogs; as among men, so among brutes, the ugliness of crime illustrates the beauty of morality.

You know an honest dog the moment your eyes meet his, and you will also know a scoundrel dog by his inability to face you, his skulking gait and downcast cunning look.

Does the bulldog betray any capacity for high moral qualities?

His broad, flat head, protruding ears, and forbidding muzzle, proclaim him to be a genuine savage.

In the elephant, horse and dog, we have the noblest qualities and highest types of cerebral development.

Faithfulness, courage, affection, and a spirit of unselfish honor are evinced in a most remarkable degree by the best examples of these subjects, and here we find the brain piled up, and the merely animal

MORAL FACULTY

IN ANIMALS.

faculties are governed by the higher intellectual, so that there is a capacity for sympathy with man and for companionship.

It is not surprising that these animals, on which man has ardently bestowed his energies for.their improvement.should exhibit high moral qualities and a capacity for higher things than have been yet accomplished.

The rapacious tribes are evidently in a low moral condition, and may ever remain so, as a necessity of the limited extent to which it is possible for man t j influence them.

But amongst those that have been most improved,, there are differences of degree, which sufficiently prove the fact that they have not only a physical, but a moral nature; for, with some, rewards and punishments are mighty engines for good or evil, and with others there is a comparative callousness to both.

But what are the qualities which render animals most useful to man as friends, companions and servants?

Are they not those which are strictly in the list of moral excellenies, though capable of still more perfect development?

It is also of importance to recognize the relationship of man and brutes in this respect.

First, for the sake of truth, and second, for utility.

If we love and desire truth, we shall see in the dog a faint foreshadowing of the highest aim of the moral nature of man; for who can doubt but that in some sense, the dog worships his master?

On the side of utility, it is at least worth observing that the moral qualities are transmitted by descent, and these should be thought of in selecting animals as valuable, no less than for qualities which are purely'physical.

If it be objected to the conclusions here so generally and, perhaps, vaguely drawn, that it tends to degrade man to the level of the brute, my reply is, No;

it cannot degrade man to be just in his estimates of the capacities of the creatures he makes subservient to his will, for the first necessity of a moral existence is the admission of. a difference between right and wrong.

It may not be hurtful either to science or morality to humble those who deny to brutes, any better guiding principle than a blind instinct, and it cannot exalt the brutes for they are not yet so far advanced in intelligence, as to read what is written concerning them.

And if it be said that it is opposed to the truths ot religion, I again say, No; because religion has respect for truth, as one of its fundamental principles.

As one who has hope in religion, I experience no shock when I find traces of moral life in the brute, but rather feel a desire to praise God for having thus multiplied His mercies to these humbler sharers of existence, and given them, in his infinite wisdom, a capacity for more happiness than is comprised in merely eating and drinking.

I praise Him for making them to be moved by sensations which lift them somewhat above the level of dead matter, that men may find them to be not only servants of our will, but true, faithful friends and companions through life.

RespiceFinem.

MY WORLD.

My world is full of roses, and garlands bound with songs,

My world has banished darkness—my world's devoid of wrongs;

My world is full of sunshine, and breezes soft as sighs,

My world is where young Eros, sleeping and dreaming lies.

My world is full of genius, and youth's ambition wild,

My world is full of restfulness, and evenings cool and mild;

My world is full of Providence, that kind benignant power,

My world is full of effort that catches every hour

My world is full contentment, no shadow enters there;

Let no one dare to trespass—'Tis sacred ground—beware

Genevieve Lucile Broione.

ART-A MODERN CHRIST.

A Modern Christ.

Christian Skredsvig was born in Norway in 1854.

He has studied painting in Copenhagen, Munchen, Paris and Rome with results that promise to insure him a shining mark in the world of art.

A work of his entitled, "The Son of Man,"created some sensation in Paris where it was exhibited during the summer of 1891.

Later it was shown in Copenhagen.

Aside from their educational value, art galleries have a specially peculiar charm, and are interesting to the youth of the west who is out in the world for the first time, because, as a rule, they are entirely new to him.

There are many gems of art in the galleries of the comparatively smaller cities which would grace the grand collections in the leading cities of the world, and the three capital cities of Scandinavia have reason to be proud of their excellent collections.

When artists are mentioned, an array of names could be recalled whose works would do credit to nations of much greater pretensions.

The National Museum and Art Gallery in Stockholm is doubtless the finest building of its kind in the countries named.

It is situated on one of the islands or holms of which the city boasts several.

In front of it are the mingled salt and fresh waters of the Baltic and Lake Malaren, upon which steamers, ferry and row-boats, besides a variety of other vessels busily ply back and forth.

The building presents an imposing appearance and has cost upwards of eight hundred thousand dollars, or nearly three million kronor.

It was erected between the years 1850 and 1865, is eighty-seven meters* long by fiftyseven wide, three stories (thirty meters) high, and is built in the Venetian renaissance style.

The front elevation is ornamented with limestone"bass-reliefs.

On each side of the entrance are niches for marble statues of the Swedish sculptors

Tessin and Sergei.

The fagade is furthermore ornamental above with statuettes of Ehrenstrahl and Fogelberg, and below withlthose of Linne", Tegner,

Wallin and Berzelius.

The outer porch *A meter equals 39.37 inches?

ART—A MODERN CHRIST.

is adorned vvitli massive marble columns, and the inner vestibules, as well as the halls, are embellished with eighty pillars of various kinds of costly native marble.

Looking upward from the lower vestibule where Fogelberg's masterpieces, the colossal statues of the three northern gods, Odin, Thor and Balder.are erected, an imposing view presents itself to the The Royal Castle.

spectator, the striking effect of which is further magnified by fhe ceiling ornamentations, the grand marble stairways, pillars, statuary, and paintings.

The broad double stairways leading to the second story are ornamented on either side with gypsum casts, copies of the frieze on the columns of that grandest of "temples made with hands,"the "finest edifice on the finest site in the world—

the Parthenon at Athens.

In the basement is the collection of Egyptian antiquities; in the first story, the historical museum, including collections from the stone, bronze and iron ages, articles that have been owned by the Swedish kings, collections from the middle ages, cabinets of mint, &c.

In the second story the art gallery has its place, in which are found a large number of specially valuable marble statues from ancient Greece and

Rome, among which may be named Endymion the most valuable piece, of statuary in the whole collection.

It was found in 1783 among the ruins of Emperor

Adrian's villa near Tivoli, and purchased in 1785 by Gustav III.- In the third story are the paintings which number one thousand three hundred valuable works of the different schools of artists, ancient and modern, including those of Italy, Germany, Holland, Spain, France, and the Scandinavian countries.

In Copenhagen a new art gallery and museum is being erected which, on account of its massiveness, will be imposing rather than attractive in architectural style, or beautiful in outward con-.

struction.

This, in fact, may be said of all except a few of the public buildings, and a small number of recently erected private ones, in Denmark, which is a country practically without anything but the plainest kind of architecture;

but in respect to the number, completeness and arrangement of its literary, educational, and fine art institutions, Copenhagen is superior to most cities.

The museum of the great sculptor Thorvaldsen is alone worth a visit to the Danish capitol, to say nothing of the many other collections of the highest interest, among which may be named the Museum of Northern Antiquities, containing about forty thousand numbers, showing the civilization and methods of life in the North, notably in Denmark, from heathen times to the present; the Royal

Library with over four hundred thousand volumes and fifteen thousand manuscripts;

and the grand and attractive collections of the various castles. The new museum, now in course of erection, will be the future home of the various collections now scattered about the city for want of suitable room.

The royal art collection was formerly situated in one of the halls of Kristiansborg Castle, but when this burned a few years ago, the paintings were temporarily hung in the exhibition building of Charlottenborg Castle.

It consists of over eigfet hundred paintings.

Among the many interesting subjects may be mentioned:

'The visit of Mormons to a country carpenter,"a very characteristic work of art representing a Mormon Elder who, upon his rounds, has ventured into the shop to sell tracts—a matter which by the by is no longer permitted in this country—and has stopped to explain the

ART—A MODERN CHRIST.

principles of the Gospel to the mechanic and others gathered about.

Years ago, the family often lived in one end of the house while the other served as workshops.

The daughter stands by the partition door doubtful as to whether to listen to such a being as a Mormon Elder.

The qhildren have even taken the spirit of fear, and one is peeping carefully from under the table at the strange man.

A neighbor woman has ventured to take a look through the window.

The Elder has one foot upon a carpenter stool, and holds an open Bible in one hand while he is explaining to his surprised and fearful audience the new and yet the old but strange religion that he has been commissioned of God to promulgate.

The carpenter, with a peculiar smile on his face, is reading a tract, while a silk hat lies on the floor filled with tracts.

On the bench near by is an old man who seems to view the situation with a serious mien.

The picture is peculiar to the times, for in Denmark the Gospel made many converts, and as the Latter day Saints were among the first to preach in this land after religious freedom had been granted, the whole country was roused and more or less agitated over the new order of things which caused thousands upon thousands to leave their native land for the Zion of the then almost unrecognized West of the still little known wonderland, America.

The future historian will recognize the "Mormon"movement by a very interesting page in the history of Denmark of that time yet to be written.

Kristiansborg Castle where the gallery was formerly situated is, strictly speaking, the Royal Castle.

It was on this ground, as early as 11 68, that Bishop Absolon built his fortified castle, and since then the place has been the residence of many of the Danish Kings, although it has been burned and rebuilt several times.

It was first called Kristiansborg in 1733 where thejbuilding was erected, being at that time one of the most magnificient royal castles in Europe.

In 1794, however, it was destroyed by fire, but was rebuilt in its present shape, or rather in the shape that it had before the fire a few years ago, in 1828, but is much inferior than formerly in splendor.

The building has four wings enclosing the castle yard.

The facade is three hundred and sixty feet long with a height of about one hundred and ten feet.

Over the central entrance are six Corinthian pillars bearing a pediment in Terra Cotta representing Olympian Jupiter with

Minerva and Nemesis on either side, also characters representing ocean and earth all modeled from sketches by Thorvaldsen.

On either side of the entrance are two niches in which were colossal bronze statues, the whole four representing Hercules, Minerva, Nemesis and Esculapius, the first modeled by Thorvaldsen, and the remainder from his sketches by

Bissen.

At the time of the fire these were removed from the niches and now stand in different parts of the garden in front.

The balconies at the ends, and the grand colonnade of doric pillars in the rear have once been imposing ornaments to the massive structure, and now add sombre attractiveness to the monstrous piles of ruins which it is not likely will ever be rebuilt.

The Castle Church and Thorvaldsen's Museum lie close by the castle and barely escaped destruction by

National Museum, Stockholm.

the fire.

Besides the buildings, the artificial island upon which Kristiansborg is built contains the Chamber of Commerce building, erected by Christian Fourth, one of the most remarkable structures in the city.

Norway is not a whit behind the other

ART—A MODURN CHRIST.

Scandinavian countries in poetry, music, and art, as far as ability goes, but she has always been unfortunate in that whatever was done has been claimed to a great extent by one or the other of the other two countries.

It is fortunate, however, for the Norwegians that they so well know how to speak for themselves;

and so it occurs that when a Norwegian has done anything the world is seldom left in the dark on the subject

A creditThorvaldsen's Christ.

able building has been erected in Christiania where sculpture and art works have found a pleasant home.

There is a very interesting collection of paintings representing a variety of mountain scenes, and picturing the strange peasant life among

Norway's dark pine hills and by its romantic fjords.

While there are some foreign paintings, what attracts the visitor most are the many scenes from native nature—Norwegian in everything.

And why should the artist of this scenic North leave his native land for subjects, when they are so abundant and beautiful at home?

To a Norwegian his country is first and last—an Ibsen may reside in Germany, but his heroes and heroines think and act much like they think and act in the "land of the midnight sun,""the crown of the earth,"as Norway's patriotic sons are proud to call their home.

So Skredsvig, in presenting a new idea, has clothed it witli subjects of his native soil, and has shown us the Savior in the form of a workman, in modern clothes, wandering over the hills, among the common country folk of Norway.

The artist was doubtless aware that his new step in painting would meet objections.

It naturally did in France, where the great majority of the population are Catholics.

Here it created a feeling near akin to disgust, although the

Norwegian painter is not alone in the idea of modernizing Biblical personages.

The idea that his painting embodies, marks an epoch of change in the thoughttendency of the age, which is allied with the many theological revolutions that have taken place in the religious world since the Lord, through the instrumentality of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, revealed anew the doctrines of the everlasting Gospel.

The idea is a tendency of the day, observed both in art and literature.

Is it vain to hope that it may lead modern Christendom to adopt the doctrines taught by Christ and His Apostles?

The German artist Uhdes'paintings, representing Jesus among the

German peasantry, blessing the children and dividing His bread with the poor, are well-known.

Jean Be'raud and Edelfelt each exhibited works in Pans representing a modern Magdalene by the feet of Jesus who, however, retained the traditional robe and long hair.

To meet the objections that it was expected, possibly not without just cause, would be raised against this innovation, this representing the Savior in a workman's Sunday garb, with nothing but a plain, everyday face to distinguish him from any other person, Skredsvig gives the following excuse in the catalogue, which was handed to the people while the painting was on exhibition in Copenhagen:

"Since it is art which creates life, or the consciousness of life, which is the same thing, all persons, as a beginning, should tolerate every means or medium which art may feel pleased to make use of.

"I think it was music which man first hit upon.

ART—A'MODERN CHRIST.

"It was a mother, of necessity obliged to rock her child, and who then began to sing a lay.

"Or it was the herd-girl who, speaking to her kine during the long winter, went into ecstasies over the prospects of beatitude in the high hills, far beyond the stately pines.

But when the twilight nights came, and she coaxed the herds to follow her, every ridge re-echoed far back into the fjelds that the blue sky rested upon.

Then she sang what the echo answered, and it formed a melody.

"Or the shepherd boy of the east who, sunbaked and naked, imitated the song of birds by blowing on a flute of reeds.

"And instead of drinking from the brook with his hollow hand, primitive man formed a bowl from a soft piece of clay, and the art of sculpture was born.

"Then it was the art of painting: that evidently arose from picture-writing, but separated itself in time to pictures and signs—painting and literature.

"Christian Skredsvig."There is something attractive about the picture that fastens one's artention, but it can hardly be said to be the character representing the Savior.

One must get the meaning out of the work, not from the prominence given to the Savior, but from the whole as embodying a new idea, and from the persons and groups gathered about.

It is composed of twenty six separate paintings which have been studiously combined to form a whole.

It is one of those melancholy, golden-red |evenings of the North. We view a peaceful landscape among the pine-decked hills of Norway.

There is a Bonde, or peasant home.

The Savior comes wandering over the road dressed in workman's Sunday I clothes, having a little round hat in his hand.

Groups have gathered about him.

In the foreground a farmer is bringing his sick wife in a barrow; directly opposite an old lady is arranging flower pots upon some rugs that have been placed upon the road which the Master is to trod, evidently illustrating Luke 19, 36:

"And as he went they spread their clothes in the way."An old man and his daughter are contemplating the situation, being mostly interested in the central group, in which the Savior is found.

A little child is reaching him a tiny boquet of wildflowers, and he places his hand upon the little one with a blessing, smoothing her golden locks.

People of different classes, having heard of the strange teacher, gather about him speaking of the wonderful things they have heard concerning him.

It is mostly the poor and the simple, but a student, in his well-known cloak and cap, and a well-fed priest with possibly the civil officer of the village, form a prominent group.

(If one were to judge by the reception clerical personages give to Mormon Elders who teach and practice, in like manner, the same doctrines and ordinances that Christ taught, it might be here stated in parenthesis that these three persons are discussing whether it is permissible, or on the whole proper, to allow this moneyless stranger—one of the "laity"—to stroll about the country from place to place in such manner, preaching the Gospel without a license, and performing its ordinances without pay.) In the background people who believe in His power and who credit Him with might to perform miracles, are streaming over the hills, having heard of his coming to the neighborhood.

An atmosphere of love seems to penetrate the picturesque surroundings, and the general impression received from a contemplation of the whole gives birth to the strong religious emotions which the painting naturally awakens.

.

It is said of the Christ which Thorvaldsen has given to the world of art, that He is the Savior whose word carries power, in whose speech there is assurance, and who promises no more than He can fulfill; not the suffering, impoverished man, the victims of the fiends of Calvary, but the risen Conqueror over Death and the

Grave, who has broken the portals of Hell, who is grand and strong as He is full of mercy and loving kindness.

Skredsvig's Christ is the simple workman, who is blessing the children, healing the sick, whose presence fills his fellow-men with joy;

the earthly, humane Christ, the mild loving Son of Man who comforts the poor, cheers the downcast, who loves the humble, who preaches and practices peace and good will to the children of men on earth, and who has

CHLRCH emigration.

yet to meet the pains and trying scenes of Golgatha.

The first illustrates the Christ who said:

"Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest;"the second, the lone Wanderer who exclaimed:

"The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests:

but the Son of Man hath nowhere to lay his head."The world is fond of show and splendor, and its mighty despise simplicity. The natural hero-loving Frenchmen were disgusted with a humble representation of the Savior, and the mild Scandinavian passed the thought'with but slight attention;

but, if the brotherhood of man shall be brought about, which we all long for, it must be done by and through just such means—His Gospel plan, His deeds of love and kindness—as the humble

Nazarene employed when he wandered over the earth.

These are the most fitting and necessary to improve the condition of mankind to-day, and so Skredsvig is justified in presenting his painting:

Le fits d I'homme.

Ediv.

H. Anderson.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

XIII.

DETAILED EMIGRATION ACCOUNT, 1850—1851.

Forty-ninth Company.—North Atlantic, 357 souls.

On Wednesday morning, September 4th, 1850, the ship North Atlantic sailed from Liverpool, carrying three hundred and fifty seven Saints, including children, under the presidency of

Elder David Sudworth.

After a rather lengthy, but safe and pleasant passage, the company arrived in New Orleans, November 1st.

There were two deaths on board, namely, Betty Hulme, aged sixty-three, and Katren Bonner, aged three years.

One was added to the Church by baptism during the voyage, namely, Ann Burton, from Lincolnshire, England;

she was baptized September 15th.

Two infants were born on the ocean.

From New Orleans the emigrants continued their journey up the Mississippi River to St. Louis, Missouri.

{Millennial Star, Vol. XII, pages 298, 376.)

Fiftieth Company.—James Pennell, 254 souls!

On Wednesday October 2nd, 1850, the ship James Pennell sailed from

Liverpool England, with two hundred and fifty-four Saints on board, under the direction of Christopher Layton, an American Elder, who had been in England on a visit.

After an ordinary passage, the ship arrived near the mouth of he Mississippi river, and the passengers were jubilant at the prospect of soon landing on the shores of the promised land, when a terrible storm met the ship and drove her far back into the gulf, breaking her main and mizen masts, and washing part of her rigging overboard.

In this disabled condition, the emigrants, exposed to wave and wind, drifted about for several days, until the provisions on board were nearly all consumed, and starvation commenced to stare the emigrants in the face;

but, finally, the crippled vessel was found by a pilot boat, and conducted to the mouth of the river, where, on the twentieth of November, she sailed up along side of the Joseph Badger, which had sailed from Liverpool with another company of Saints, over two weeks later than the James Pennell.

The two ships were now towed up together to New Orleans, where they J arrived the twenty-second of November.

The next day the emigrants from the James Pennell continued the journey up the river to St.

Louis, Missouri.

There, and in the surrounding country, they found employment for the winter, and the following year a part of them wended their way to the Valley, while others remained in St.

Louis for years, before they continued the journey to Utah.

{Millennial Star, Vol. XIII, page 9.)

Fifty- first Company.—Joseph Badger, souls.

On Thursday, October 17th, 1850, two hundred and twenty-seven

CHbRCH EMIGRATION.

Saints, most of them from Wales, sailed from Liverpool, England, under the presidency of John Morris, in connection with whom David Evans and Owel Williams acted as counselors.

Elder John Tingey was appointed as an assistant counselor to take the immediate oversight of the English and Scotch Saints.

After a remarkably short passage, the Joseph Badger arrived at the mouth of the Mississippi River on the twentieth of

November.

While at anchor in the mouth of the river, the James Pennell, which had sailed from Liverpool, October 2nd, but had been disabled on the voyage, came up with the Joseph Badger, and the two ships were towed up the river together and landed at New Orleans, November 22nd.

Failing to secure a passage on the same boat that took the James Pennell passengers up the river, the company, which had crossed in the Joseph Badger, after two or three days delay in New Orleans, sailed up the river in the steamboat El Pasa, which brought them safely to St.

Louis, Missouri, in the beginning of December, 1850.

Like the Saints who had crossed the ocean in the North

Atlantic and the James Pennell, this company made

St. Louis and surrrounding towns their temporary homes, and sub- sequently, after earning means wherewith to secure an outfit for crossing the plains, continued the journey to the Valley.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

XIII, page 9.

Bishop John Tingey's verbal report.) Fifty-Second Company.—Ellen, souls.

The ship Ellen sailed from Liverpool on Monday, January 6th, 1851, having on board a company of Saints, consisting of four hundred and sixty-six souls, under the presidential care of Elders James W.

Cummings, Crandall Dunn, and William Moss.

The ship remained anchored in the river opposite Liverpool until the eighth, about eleven o'clock a.

m., when anchor was weighed, and the Saints were soon under way with a fair wind.

The good Ellen ran at the rate of seven miles an hour till about eleven o'clock at night when she struck a schooner, thereby breaking her jib boom and main and foreyards.

The following day the captain put into Cardigan Bay, North Wales, to repair, and in a few days the ship was ready for sea again; but as the wind on the very day the vessel put into port changed to an unfavorable quarter and remained there for three weeks, she remained in port; and the Saints considered the accident that had happened a blessing to them, as they were comfortable in port while hundreds of people were being tumbled about on the face of the troubled seas.

During the storm many vessels were also wrecked, and hundreds of human beings consigned to a watery grave.

The captain at length became impatient, and although the wind still continued unfavorable, the Ellen again weighed anchor on the twenty-third of January and put to sea, but the wind blew a strong gale from the direction the ship wanted to sail, and consequently only a little progress was made for several days.

On February 1st, however, the wind changed to a favorable quarter the Ellen stood fairly out to sea, and the passengers soon lost sight of the Irish coast.

From that time they enjoyed pleasant weather and fair winds, and on the night of the fourteenth of March, the Ellen anchored in the Mississippi river, off New Orleans, making the passage from Cardigan Bay (which is twelve hours sail from Liverpool) in seven weeks.

During the voyage ten deaths occurred, two adults, namely, James Wright, of Skellow, and the wife of William Allen, from the Birmingham conference; the remainder were children.

Brother Wright and Sister Allen died of fever; four of the children died with the measles, three of consumption and one of inflamation of the chest.

The measles broke out among the emigrants the day they left the dock, and nearly every child on board had them, besides several adults.

Altogether there were about seventy cases.

Many of the children also suffered from what Elder Cummings terms the tropical cough, which was something similar to the whooping cough.

During the voyage six marriages were also solemnized and

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

one birth took place.

Immediately after leaving port, the presidency on board divided the company into twelve divisions or wards, allotting ten berths to each division, and appointed a president over each;

then these twelve divisions were divided into two, and a president appointed to preside over each six, so that there were twelve companies in the steerage with a president over each, and two to preside over the whole.

The second cabin was organized in like manner.

The Priesthood were also organized, and presidents appointed over them to see that thjey attended to their duties.

This complete organization was found to be of great utility in preserving peace, good order, and the health and comfort of the Saints while on board.

President Cummings and his two Counselors watched over their flock with the utmost care, and in meeting in council with the brethren who had charge of the smaller divisions they could easily learn the condition of every Saint on board.

If any were sick, or in want, or in transgression, they were made acquainted with it. and immediately adopted measures to relieve the wants of the needy and to prevent iniquity from creeping into their midst.

Men were appointed to visit every family twice a day, and to administer to the sick.

At New Orleans the company chartered the steamer Alexander Scott, to take the emigrants to St. Louis, Missouri;

they paid two and a-half dollars per head for adults, all luggage included, and half price for children.

The company left New Orleans on the morning of March 19th, and landed in St.

Louis on the twenty-sixth after a good passage.

Two children died coming up the river, and one child was born.

A number of the emigrants, who were not prepared to continue the journey right away, found employment in St.

Louis, while the others proceeded on their way to the Bluffs.

In the Frontier Guardian of May 16th, 1851, the following notice appears:

"Elders J.

W.

Cummings, Crandall Dunn and William Moss arrived at Kanesville per steamer Sacramento, on Friday, May 2nd, 1851, from St.

Louis with a company of two hundred English Saints, generally in good health and spirits; many of the company are destined for the Great Salt Lake Valley this season, the remainder will settle in Pottawattamie.

Elizabeth Bladen, one of the company, died of congestive fever coming up the river; her age is said to be nine years."{Millennial Star, Vol. XIII, pages, 24, 158.) Fifty-third Company.—Geo.

W.

Bourne, souls.

On Thursday, January 22nd, 1851, the ship George U>.

Bourne sailed from Liverpool with two hundred and eighty-one passengers, under the presidency of Elders William Gibson, Thomas Margetts and William Booth.

After a pleasant passage of eight weeks, the company arrived in New Orleans on the twentieth of March.

Elder Gibson, in repeating the passage of the company to the presidency in Liverpool, stated that he believed that no company of Saints had ever crossed the Atlantic with less sea-sickness than the company he led.

During the voyage, one marriage, three births and one death occurred.

The latter was a boy, five years old, who was far gone in consumption before he sailed.

Two of the ship's crew were converted and asked for baptism, and several of the sailors expressed a desire of accompanying the Saints to the Valley.

From New Orleans the journey was continued in the afternoon of March 22nd, and arrived in St. Louis, Missouri, on the twenty-ninth. There the emigrants found employment like those who had come in preceding companies, and after earning means to procure an outfit for crossing the plains, the majority of them continued the journey to the Valley.

A number, however, always remained in the

States.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

XIII, pages 24, 137, 159.) Fifty-fourth Company.—Ellen Maria, 37S souls.

Thursday, February 2nd, 1851, three hundred and seventyeight. Latter-day Saints, under the presidency of Elder Geo. D. Watt, embarked on board the Ellen Maria at Liverpool, but on account of diverse winds the ship

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

anchored in the river Mersey until

Saturday morning, February 2nd, when she put to sea before a fair breeze and in delightful weather.

Apostle Orson Pratt, who terminated a most useful and important mission to Great Britain, returned to

America with his family on board this ship.

After a voyage of sixty three days, the Ellen Maria arrived in New Orleans on the sixth of April.

She had experienced a strong gale of wind on the fifth of February, but it abated on the sixth, and in a few days afterwards the Saints had become accustomed to sea life, and were free from sickness. On the eleventh the ship cleared the Irish Sea. Theremainer of the voyage was as pleasant as sea voyages generally are.

Meetings were held every Sabbath, and also on different occasions during the week, at which Apostle Pratt and other Elders addressed the Saints and strangers present on the principles of the Gospel.

Three marriages, four births and five deaths occurred onboard, as follows:

Marriages:

February 9th, James Stratten to Frances Clark, both of Cambridge;

February 22nd, Elder Edward Williams, of Carmarthenshire, to Ann Morgans, of Cwinbach; March 21st, James Turnbull, of

Linlithgo, to Mary Mickle, of Port Glasgow.

Births:

March 9th, Emily Robbins gave birth to a son; March 28th, Sister Wild to a daughter named Ellen Maria Martha;

April 2nd, Sarah Lane to a daughter; April 9th, A. Entwistle to a son named Alexander fcott.

Deaths:

February nth, Sarah, daughter of R. and S. Preece, aged six months,

February 16th, Ann, aged eleven weeks, daughter of }. and E. Toone; March 8th, George, aged two years and eight months, son of G. and S.

Spizer; March 24th, Marintha Althera, aged fifteen months, daughter of Apostle Orson and Sarah M.

Pratt; April 14th, Elizabeth Shelley, aged fifty-five years.

April 9th, most of the company left New Orleans for St.

Louis, Missouri, on the Alexander Scott, one of the largest boats on the Mississipi river, and arrived in St.

Louis on the sixteenth.

A sad accident occurred going up the river •7* in the case of Sister Shelley, aged fiftyfive years, wife of James Shelley, from Worcester Conference, who, in attempting to draw a bucket of water from the stream while the boat was running at the rate of ten miles an hour, was suddenly drawn into the water by the force of that mighty current. She floated for a moment and then sank to rise no more. The engines were stopped immediately and a boat manned and sent in search of her, but it was unsuccessful in obtaining the body.

In the Frontier Guardian of May 30th, 1851, the following notice appears:

"The Robert Campbell (a steamboat) arrived on Wednesday the twenty-first (May) at Kanesville, with a large company of Saints from England,

Scotland, etc., under the watchcare and direction of Elder Geo. D. Watt, our able phonographic writer and lecturer.

A goodly number of both companies (referring to the Olympus Company also,) are destined for the valley of the Great Salt Lake this season, and the balance will ^remain in this and surrounding counties of western

Iowa, for the time being to raise wheat, corn, potatoes, * * * All the Saints who have got this far on their journey, seem to be anxious to get to the end of it; but the weather being so very unfavorable for the last ten days, they are compelled to lie on their oars a short time, much against their will."Millennial Star, Vol.

XII, pages 58, 200.

Andrew Jenson..1 Salvation for the Dead.—This doctrine of salvation for the dead not only enlarges the hope of man, but it gives him nobler conceptions of the character of the Deity, and increases his admiration for him.

In fact, to my thinking, this doctrine strips the^character of God of the inhuman and vindictive cruelty, which men, in the past, have delighted to represent him as possessing;

and gives new force, and, perhaps, new meaning to the expression, "if in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men the most miserable."''The Gospel,"by Roberts.

33Q EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, May, 1892.

M.

I. NORMAL WORK.

Following the traveling labors of Elder Milton H. Hardy, as briefly shown in the September number, and after the preparation and publication of the M.

I. Manual, Part I., two editions the second of ten thousand copies of ninety-one pages each—and four hundred copies of the New Roll and Record designed for a complete report, in four parts of four years'course of work, academic in character, The Mutual Improvement Normal Course of Instruction was established in the Brigham

Young Academy, Provo, and Assistant General Superintendent Milton H. Hardy was assigned to this special chair of instruction.

(See December and March numbers.) During January, February and a part of March, two classes, seventy and fifty-two students, respectively, composed of young men and young women, were thus conducted through the M.

I.

Manual, Part I The general M.

I. Normal being thus established, Slake M.

I. Normal classes of six days, or eighteen regular sessions, besides officers'meetings, were begun.

The Utah Stake M.

I Normal class was conducted in the Brigham Young Academy and was included in the general M.

I. Normal course which closed March 5th. Following this, Stake classes were conducted by Brother Hardy in the order of dates here given:

March, Monday, 21, to Saturday, 26, the Sanpete Stake M.

I. Normal class was held in the Sanpete Stake Academy at Ephraim.

Fifty-eight earnest and able students, young men and young women, representing every ward in the Stake, composed this typical class of earnest workers.

March, Monday, 2Sth, to April, Saturday, 2nd, the Sevier Stake M.

I. Normal Class was held in the Sevier Stake Academy at

Richfield.

This large class of ninetyfive members, represented each ward in the Sevier Valley belonging to the Stake, besides seven from Grass Valley, and eight from Rabbit Valley.

May, Monday 2nd, to Saturday 7th, the

Box Elder Stake M.

I. Normal Class was held in the Box Elder Stake Academy at

Brigham City.

This representative class of young men and young women consisted of sixty-five students.* In attestation of the importance of preparing efficient leaders for the work in the various wards, it is gratifying and just to state that the officers in the stakes reported have joined in a united effort to make this important part of the great M.

I.

work meet the desires of the General Superintendency as completely as practicable.

Other Stakes are programmed during the time before the reopening of the general M.

I.

Normal Course in the Brigham Young Academy at the beginning of the new academic year about August 15th.

PERSONAL APPEARANCE OF COLUMBUS.

Columbus was of powerful frame and large build;

of majestic bearing and dignified in gesture;

on the whole well formed;

of middle height, inclining to tallness;

his arms sinewy and bronzed like the wave-beaten oars;

his nerves high-strung and sensitive, quickly responsive to all emotions;

his neck large and his shoulders broad; his face rather long and his nose aquiline;

his complexion fair, even inclining to redness, and somewhat disfigured by freckles;

his gaze piercing and his eyes clear; his brow high and calm, furrowed with the deep workings of thought. We are told that Columbus not only sketched most marvelously, but was so skilful a penman that he was able to earn a living by engrossing and copying.

In his private notes he said that every good map-draftsman ought to be a good painter as well, and he himself was such in his maps and globes and charts, over which are scattered all sorts of cleverly drawn figures.

He was enabled to teach mathematics, with which, as with all the advanced

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

knowledge of his time he was conversant, and he could recite the prayers and services of the Church like any priest before the altar.

He was, as I have already said, a mystic and a merchant, a visionary and an algebraist.

If at times he veiled his knowledge in cabalistic formulas, and allowed his vast powers to degenerate in puerile irritation, it was because his own age knew him not, and had.dealt hardly with him for years, without taking into account the reverses which darkened and embittered his later years.

Century.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

general ccnference.

6. Reports of committees The Annual Conference of the Young a - Compilation.

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations b.

Missionaries.

of the Latter-day Saints will be held in.

c. Conference.

the Assembly Hall and Tabernacle,

Salt d. Music Contest, &c.

Lake City, Saturday, Sunday, and Mon- 7- Selection,.... Union Glee Club.

day, June 4th, 5th and 6th, 1892.

Meetings 3.

Benediction.

will commence each day at 10 a. m. and 2 p-m 2 p. m. and S p. m., the great Instrumental 1. Hymn.... Harmony Glee Club.

and'Vocal Contests occurring on Saturday 2.

Prayer.

and Monday evenings.

3. Song Harmony Glee Club.

The General and Local Authorities of 4.

Lecture, "Civil Government."the Y.

M.

M.

I.

A.

are requested to Geo. M. Cannon.

promote the interests of this Conference, 5.

Lecture, "Economics;

Acquiring so far as they are able, that it may be and Using Means."....

Geo. Islaub.

largely attended and productive of the 6. Hymnology Thos. Hull.

utmost good.

7.

Selection,.

. Harmony Glee Club.

A general invitation is extended to all Benediction.

the people to be present.

S n m The Union Pacific, Denver and Rio Grand Instrumental Contest, in the Grande, and Utah Central Railways have

Tabernacle.

adopted a half-rate fare for the occasion.

^^ Jum ^ ^ Wilford Woodruff, (In the Tabernacle Jos. F. Smith, IO a- m.

.

Moses Thatcher, 1. Hymn Tabernacle Choir.

Genl. Superintendency Y.M.M.I.A.

2.

Prayer.

Geo. D. Pyper 3- Hymn Tabernacle Choir.

Secretary.

4- Discourse.

Prest. Joseph F. Smith.

.

5.

Lecture.

History, "Our Country."Bryant S. Hinckley.

program.

„r „.,.

i.

.

6.

Lecture.

Male Singing.

Saturday, June 4th, 1S92.

H G Whitney (In the Assembly Hall.) ^ Anthem Tabernacle Choir.

10 a - m>.

8.

Benediction.

Officers'meeting.

1. Hymn Union Glee Club.

P- "1- a i. Hymn, "Oxford,"Prayen Utah Stake Chorus.

3. Song Union Glee Club.

2.

Prayer.

4. General roll call of Stake and Ward 3. Hymn, "Parting,"officers and representatives.

Utah Stake Chorus.

5.

Instructions as to the business of 4. Address.

Prest. Wilford Woodruff, the Conference.

5. "Come,".

.

. Utah Stake Chorus.

. ISSOCIA TION INTELLIGENL '£.

6.

Lecture.

"Comprehensiveness of the Gospel."B. H. Roberts.

7. Sustaining of Officers.

8.

"Beside the Throne stands Brigham

Young,"and "Hallelujah Chorus."

Utah Stake Chorus.

9.

Benediction.

p. m.

1. Anthem.

"Behold how good and joyful."J. R. Boshard and Utah Stake Chorus.

2.

Prayer.

3. Chorus.

"Blessed are the men."Utah Stake Chorus.

4. Sermon.

"Proprieties in Prayer."Apostle F. M. Lyman.

5.

"Invocation to Harmony."Fourth Ward (Provo) Glee Club 6.

Lecture.

"Literary Value of the Bible."W. H. King.

7. Anthem.

"Nunc Dimmittus."Utah Stake Chorus.

8.

Benediction.

Monday, June 6th, 1892.

(In Assembly Hall.) 10 a.m.

Officers'meeting.

Reports of General Secretary.

Lecture.

"Science and the Bible."Douglas M. Todd.

Preparatory work for season.

p. m.

, Officers'meeting.

Exercises illustrative of M.

I. Manual.

8 p.m.

Grand Vocal Contest, in Tabernacle.

COMMITTEES.

Arrangements—Thef General Superintendency and all general officers.

Entertainment—The Superintendency of Salt Lake Stake, and Ward officers of Salt Lake City.

missionary report.

Salt Lake City, Utah, January 21st, 1892.

The General Superintendency of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations:

Dear Brethren:—At the General Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. A., held in this city, in June, 1891, we, with others, were called as special missionaries to labor in the interests of the young men of Zion.

On September 2nd, 1891, we were set apart for this mission, and were appointed to labor in the Davis, Weber, and Box Elder Stakes of Zion.

Instructions were given us at this time by Apostle Moses Thatcher* and others, as to the duties required of us.

We were told, in substance, that the objects of the mission were to explain and introduce the "Manual,"which had been prepared under the direction of the General Superintendency of the Y. M. M.

I. A., for the use of the Associations;

to encourage the young men generally in the work of

Mutual Improvement;

to incite them, if possible, to a life of diligent work in the 'Kingdom of God;

and to. preach the Gospel to the people wherever we went.

It was understood that we were to devote three months to the work.

We now desire to submit the following brief report of our labors:

We commenced our work in Weber Stake, on September 16th, 1891, by attending a Stake Officers'meeting of the

Y. M. M.

I. Associations, held in Ogden.

During September we visited eleven Associations in Weber Stake, filling appointments made for us by the Stake Superintendency.

In almost every case general meetings were held, to which all the people of the Ward were invited.

On September 20th we attended a general conference of the Young Men's and

Young Ladies'Improvement Associations of Davis Stake, held at Centreville.

On October 1st we returned to Salt Lake to attend the regular semi-annual Conference of the Church.

During October, all the Associations in Davis Stake, except those at South Hooper and South Weber, were visited by us.

Appointments were made for us, and the people of the various Wards were notified in advance of our coming, so that, generally, our. meetings were well attended.

On October 31st, Brother Willard Young returned alone to Weber Stake to continue the work there, Brother Thomas Hull not being able to accompany him, on account of the serious sickness of his wife.

While alone in Weber Stake; Brother Young visited nine associ-

ASSO CIA TION INTELL IGENCE.

ations, and attended a Stake Officers meeting.

On November 19th, Brother Young proceeded to Willard City, to commence the work in Box Elder. Stake.

Six associations were visited by him, before being joined by Brother Hull, on the twenty-seventh of the month.

After this we continued our labors together in Box Elder, until December 8th, visiting seven associations, and attending a Stake Conference of the Y. M. M.

I.

Associations, held in Brigham City, on Sunday December 6th.

Our program contemplated a visit to Grouse Creek, by driving from Park Valley, a distance of fifty miles.

The weather was so intensely cold and windy, while we were at Park Valley, that we deemed it wisdom not to undertake the journey.

On December 8th, we returned to Weber Stake; and from that time till December 14th, we visited four wards of the Weber Stake, and the South Weber and South Hooper wards of the Davis Stake.

On December 14th, Brother Hull returned to Salt Lake, as his services were urgently needed atZ. C. M. I., owing to the near approach of Christmas.

Brother Young visited the West

Bountiful Association on the fourteenth, and the Centreville Association on the fifteenth, for the second time.

On December 16th, he returned home.

Every association in the three stakes assigned to us, was visited, except the one at Grouse Creek, in Box Elder, which, as noted above, we failed to reach on account of the severity of the weather;

and the one at Summit, in Davis, of the existence of which we were not informed by the Stake officers until December 14.

We visited, in all, forty-seven associa tions, and attended two conferences and three Stake officers'meeting.

We are fully persuaded that there is a great necessity for missionary labors among the young men; and we feel that good will result if other missionaries are called to continue the work only just begun by us.

Upon a second visit to some of the associations, we found that they were not working strictly upon the Manual plan, as we had previous explained it to them, that they had not fully understood your instructions, and that they needed further explanations to set them right.

Doubtless this would have been found to be the case with most of the associations, if we had found time to revisit them.

It will, therefore, be necessary for the Stake officers to visit their associations often, until the Manual plan is fully comprehended.

It is a lamentable fact, but a fact nevertheless, that a great many of our young people are growing up without acquiring a proper knowledge of what the Gospel really is.

How shall this be corrected?

Certainly one of the ways is to induce our young people to join the Mutual Improvement Associations; and then to see that the associations carry out strictly the "Manual"program, which supposes that every member of the association shall carefully study and master the lessons prescribed, the most important of which are those relating to the Gospel.

One of the grandest subjects for the Saints to consider to-day is the proper training of their children.

Too much importance cannot be attached to this duty.

Home training should form the basis of proper religious education, but this can and should be supplemented by the various "helps"in the 'Church, such as the Primary associations, Sunday schools, Mutual Improvement associations, Church schools, religious classes and general meetings.

A fruitful source of indifference, of intemperance and other evils, and even of apostacy, is the lack of control, by the ward authorities, of the amusements of the young.

Dancing is the reigning craze amongst our young people everywhere;

and, in a number of places, the parties are conducted without proper control or regulation.

In several places, the halls are owned and run by outsiders, and all classes meet together.

In these places drunkenness and rowdyism are not unknown; so that the ball-room, instead of being a place of innocent amusement and refining association, has degenerated into a place unfit for the gathering of the Saints of God.

It would be well, wherever possible, for

33 + M/SSIONAR Y'S FAREWELL.

the Saints in'each ward to own an amusement hall, so that dancing parties, theatrical entertainments, and social gatherings of all kinds could be carried on under the control of the Priesthood.

In our labors amongst the young people, we have urged them to individually use their influence in raising the moral tone of the ball-room, so as to make it a place where young and old can meet for pure enjoyment, and where the

Spirit of God will delight to come.

We found the associations, in many places, in a flourishing condition, and particularly so where the Bishopric took part with and encouraged the young people in the work.

We were everywhere received with the greatest kindness, not only by the officers and members of the associations, but by the stakes and wards, and by the Saints generally.

We feel extremely grateful to our brethren and sisters who have entertained us at their homes, and furnished us with transportation, and we pray that God will abundantly reward them for their kindness.

We enjoyed our mission and feel that we have been benefited by it.

We trust that the Lord will bless our efforts to the good of those amongst whom we were called to labor.

Your Brethren, JJ illard Young.

Thomas Hull.

Salt Lake City, Utah, April 27th, 1892.

Elders Willard Young and Thomas Hull,

City:

Dear Brethren:—We acknowledge receipt of the report of your labors as missionaries to the Y. M. M.

I. Associations of Davis, Weber, and Box

Elder Stakes, which was read to us to day. We are pleased with its spirit and tone, and note with pleasure the interest taken by you in the performance of this mission, from which you will consider yourselves honorably released.

The suggestions you offer in regard to the importance of placing under proper control the amuse ments of our young people, such as theatrical entertainments, dancing parties, and social gatherings of every kind are fully appreciated, and we hope that steps will be taken to carry them into practical operation.

We sensibly feel that there is no greater field of labor connected with the work of God upon the earth to-day than that of seeking to uplift our young people morally and spiritually, and to throw around them safeguards against the prevailing evils of the world.

Praying the Lord to bless you, and make you efficient laborers in the work of building up His Zion, we remain, with kindest regards, Your brethren, Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith.

MISSIONARY'S FAREWELLCHORUS.

STEPHENS.

LUDWIG LIEBE.

1st and 2nd Tenor.

1st and 2nd Bass.

r-V—T/ =t fs u V—&- It Dearest land of sunny sky.

Land of great mountains high, lar away beyond the sea, Strange scenes may welcome me,

Father's will shall e er be done, He calls, and am gone, ij jL ^ V=£

MISSIONAR TS FAREWELL.

±zi!z2:

n ±A fcfes From ihee I'm called to roam, Though. fair, they cannot be O'er land and o - cean foam.F £=£ mz Be lov ed home;

Like thee, my home;

Far, far lrom home;

,—i- i^Eg dt.Km m m—AJ da ft t t v -v—BIf^p Thine image from my heart Though skies may be as blue He now that calleth me, Still never can depart Of life thou And pearly wet the dew, Yet all must Will bring me back to thee.Heav'n bless thee JVN S- £J £ J f fcfc -»—

V tw=i fcz >p z2=z*z art lack T r- a the my part, (My native home;) My na - tive hue, (Of love of home;

Of love of plea (My mountain home;) My mountain h J / W home, home, home.

( ah (ah (ah yes,) yes,) yes,) -(2- Of life thou art a Yet all must lack the Heav'n bless thee is my f k- 1?- £ #.

part, my na tive hue of love of plea mv moun tain Ht. "f home, home, home.

Pf=^ m

PENROSE.

1st and 2nd Tenor.

"SCHOOL THY FEELINGS."CHORUS.

p Tenderly and distinct.

1st and 2nd Bass.

Brf:

Be£ ±=fz ^ P?

School thy School thy School thy Wound not feel feel feel ings, my ings; there is ings; condem ml ly an brother, Train thy power In the nation Never other;

Conquer igj^Eifl:4=e ^t £^ ores.

^zmMm A r^ 1/ U warm im-pul - sive soul:

Do not its e mo cool col-lect ed mind;

Passion shat.

ters rea pas?

on friend or foe, Though the tide of ac haste with rea-son's might;

School thy feel - ings sis i^ k res.

is k G=8:

-i y 1-—

tions son's cu ter, ft r z==—

rnft dim.

£=l S^e smoth er, tow er, sa tion broth - er.

1/ V V I But let.

wis - dom's voice con trol.

Makes the clear est vi - sion blind.

gl Like a flood Train them in mf -£ IS I3t?Em of truth may flow, the path of right.

dim.

f V Do not Pas - sion Though the School thy J"-0M- f^E ±l;

±A 1 /j h dim.

e rit.

A* ^1 ¥ SI its e - mo tions smother, But let wis - dom's voice con shat ters rea son's tower, Makes the clear - est vi sion tide of ac cu sa tio, Like a flood of truth may leel ings, sis ter, broth er, Train them in the path of—==r dim.

e rit.

A W v v trol.

blind, flow, right.

mm

D"PRICES Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes 40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit.

Griddle Cakes, Palatable and'Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

LIVERPOOL I LONDON f GLOBE INSURANCE COMPANY.

.—->} #—O Fire Assets, $19,559,102 Premiums Received 1889, Losses Paid 1889, 6,740,238 3,847,039 -0 » jt<- H- J. GRANT & C0 M Salt Lake City.

CROOKE & WARREN, Resident Managers, Chicago, 111.

"The Business Man's Friend.'FOR NEATNESS OF WORK, EASE OF MANIPULATION, DURABILITY AND SPEED, the REMINGTON TYPEWRITER IS UNEQUALED, For full particulars call or address F.

E. McGURRIN, 403 I^tgr l e as ks e PROGRESS BUILDING, ITY

-»{~5}1E4«- ^0f(5F(IBdS0R.

ESTABLISHED 1879.

¥OLU XIII the conclusion of the Twelfth Volume of THE CONTRIBUTOR (which is now bound and ready for delivery), its publishers extend thanks to the people for their extensive patronage, and take pleasure in announcing some of the new features to be introduced in early numbers and to be followed as rapidly as possible by others, which will not only maintain for the magazine its enviable reputation as the leading magazine of home literature, but secure for it a prominent place among the enterprising firstclass literary magazines of the country.

Columbus and the Discovery and Peopling of America: An Illustrated series of Historical Studies, to prepare readers for an appreciation of the Four Hundredth Anniversary and the great World's Fair at Chicago.

The Birthplaces of the Prophets: A series of descriptive sketches made by Junius F. Wells.

During the present summer the author has visited Sharon, Windsor Co., Vermont;

Whitingham, Vermont;

Farmington, Connecticut; Potsdam and Trenton, New York, etc., etc., and will describe the scenes 'surrounding the birthplaces of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, George A.

Smith, Daniel H.

Wells, and others of the prominent leaders of the Church.

These papers will be handsomely illustrated.

Book of Mormon Lands and Cities:

By Joel Ricks, who has made a careful stud}^ of the travels of Book of Mormon peoples and of the ruins of their cities.

This series will be illustrated.

Colonial and Revolutionary Battle Grounds will receive the attention of Prof. J. M. Tanner, who is collecting views in New England and writing a number of sketches to accompany them.

Missionary Life and Experiences will be treated by representative Elders in Scandinavia, England and the Southern

States.

The Church Emigration, by Andrew Jenson.

This exceedingly valuable series will be continued.

Political Principles We have arranged for some papers from well-known exponents of Political Doctrines, which will give readers a comprehensive understanding of the principles and

policies of the Republican and Democratic Parties, and be of great practical assistance to young men in forming political opinions and party connections.

In Fiction we shall present some original serials and short stories.

Narratives, Sketches, Poetry, etc., will be as interesting features of the future numbers as of the past.

Association Intelligence: We propose in this department to give the experiences and methods of the most successful Associations working under the new MAN (JAL, and publish valuable correspondence on the subject.

This department will be open to Association workers, for questions and explanations.

$1000.00.

MUSICAL CONTEST, $1000.00.

In June, 1892, there will be given a Musical Contest for $1000.00 in prizes, for both Instrumental and Vocal

Music.

THE CONTRIBUTOR will announce the particulars and conditions of this the Greatest of all Contests, from time to time, as necessity suggests.

The Music for the Vocal Contest will be published in elegant style in the Magazine.

The Magazine will be Enlarged by the addition of one hundred pages or more to Volume XIII, and in every way,that the patronage of the people will justify shall we improve it, that it may be in all respects the representative of our people's progress and intellectual development.

Subscription:

The subscription is Two Dollars a yearBinding Fifty Cents a volume.

For Two Dollars and TwentyFive Cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

We recommend every subscriber to order it this way.

The magazine is thus doubled in value, being read as it comes out, and still preserved, a record of the best thought of the times, which may be referred to in years to come with untold interest.

We are assured by subscribers, who have all the back volumes, that they would not part with them for any price.

Binding:

Volumes bound in cloth at cents each.

Missing numbers supplied to subscribers at 15 cents each.

Binding Cases for any volume, 25 cents each.

Fine Bindings, Half Morocco, gilt, $1.00 each; Full Morocco, gilt, $2.00 each.

Bound Volumes: Complete sets, Twelve Volumes, cloth $27.00 per set; Half Morocco, gilt, $32.00.

We will exchange any other Bound Volume for volumes 1, 2, and 4, unbound, if in good condition.

Special: We have a limited number of large engravings of

Lieutenant-General Joseph Smith and of President Brigham Young.

Until our supply is exhausted, we will send a copy of either to subscribers for Volume XIII. who pay $2.50 in advance (which also includes binding).

These engravings sell at $1.00 each.

Remit money by P. O. note, registered letter, or draft.

Stamps taken for amounts less than one dollar.

Address, THE CONTRIBUTOR CO, Constitution Building, P.

0. Box 520.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

WWTlflQ The Finest and Largest Variety of \A/edding (^apds H£>- iP Partjr Tickets Printed in the Latest and best Style*.

f[\ere\)ar)t privity ^ompapy, JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

M«n«i»f.

—29 W South Umplt St., a. _ _ -.

. -^-.j, nrrrl Nmarlti omn. So. Ttmole GnU;

SAJLJl JLAJVJS IflTIi Utah Cracker Factory, HENRY""WALLACE Manager, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

RDM BRAND OF fflURACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

s^SoId by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory, ~©a [lardy, You do; 9 ^0.

.-.FIRST.-.^C/lSS.-.

pa/r\My groceries, Dry (}oods, Boots aod 5l?oe55ou/n and Country Jrad^ 5o| ieited.

HfWJDY". - Y*0U|«i - QO..

28-3© fflaig St., Opp. Z. £ /l\. L Salt laKe Qity, 0. p. PPRDY, (Hanager.

THE DESERET SAVINGS

BANK.

*J<HE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called £5 to the Dksebet Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

Johji Shabp, President.

Moan Thaichek, Vice-President.

DIRECTORS.

E. A. Smith, Oaahier.

Joint Shaw, H. Dinwoodst, J. E. Barkes, Eliab A. Smith, P. W.

JxranrGs.

Jaiob Shabp, L.

S. Hilis, D. H. Pkkry, W. W. Ritib, George Boom.

Moses Thatcher,J. a Odtler, J. T. Lrrru.

I(. \. THOMAS •3S& mi SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

26, 28, SO, 32 E. FIRST R^Thonjfi* SOUTH ST - r\ I fpipg.

-»THE aUION IylNSX- *Mm For /. QUEENSTOWN.-. and.-.

LIVERPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kine- St., New York, every Saturday

U^ufc-a aso Tons VWOtMNG.a.™Tons M-NSVU. & 500 tons KR\10U!\. s 500 T<m.

\N\SC0NS\N 3,120W l^-;rhese Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with SrqmSre n° mak6 theP«?M 8e across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, hav n °Ba?h-r£m

Smolong-roora, Dmmpp-romj. Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon. Stewardess »iid cS on each steamer.

The State-room** are all on Iiecfc, thnslnanring those g-reastealf of •11 Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Ll*ht.

fe» easiest 01 CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadway, New York,

A. M. UNDERBILL & CO

SUBSCRIBE

FDR THE DESERET NEWS Per Year.

Deseret Evening Mews, $10 00 Deseret Semi- Weekly News, 3.00

Deseret Weekly, 2.50 i l(i,.»".«».<»i<"li.".l"i»".<,««-<,>«n>H<i> 1 >> 1 (, « 1 fH('"1«l<, «>M>('«»('>,'>i(«|,>l > (>||n,(MiMW»l 1 MU'» 1 Hl<*>/

Book i Joli Printing and Eook-Biniing.

PRICE LIST OF CHURCH PUBLICATIONS VOB MAIM BY Tub Deserbt News Company, Salt Lake City, Utah.

BOOK OF MORMON, with references.

Oil*, $XT5; Poll Bock, $2.00;

Full Roan, $1.75; Full Leather, embossed, $1.25; Full Cloth, embossed, $1.00.

BOOK OF MORMON, (Large Print,) Morocco, Extra Gilt, $S.T5; Leather, Gilt, $3.00; Leather, $2.25; Oloth, $1. 75.

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, 'with references.

Gilt, $XT5;

Fall Bock, $2.00; Full Roan, $1.76;

Fall Leather, embossed, $1.25; Fall Oloth, embossed, $1.00.

SPENCER'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the Church, Full Roan, embossed, $1.00; Full Cloth, embossed, TSe.

KEY TO THE SCTENOE OF THEOLOGY, by

Parley P.

Pratt, Fall Boan, embossed, 75c; Full Cloth, embossed, SOcts.

VOICE OF WARNING, by Parley P.

Pratt, Full Boan, embossed, 60c;

Full Cloth, embossed, 35c; Limp Cloth, 25c.

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE, Morocco, Gilt, $1.25; Leather,

Gilt, $1.00; Boan, 75c.; Cloth, embossed, SOcts.

DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY?

Discussion between Elder O.

Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which Is added three discourses on celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, Geo. A. Smith and George Q. Cannon, 25cts.

•"MORMON"DOCTRINE, Plain and Slmple,or Leaves from the Tree of Life, an explanation of the principles of the Gospel, In twelve tersely written chapters, followed by an original poem, and an appendix giving scriptural references for all the subjects treated upon In the body of the work.

A handy volume for anyone, 25cts.

CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN.

Exhibiting the most prominent doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, by John Jaqnee. Leather, 40c.

; Cloth, 25c; Boards, 20c;

Stiff Cover, 15c A COMPENDIUM of the Doctrines of the Gospel, by Franklin D. Richards and

James A. Little.

Leather, Gilt, $2.00; Leather, $1.50; Imitation Leather, $1.25; Cloth, $1.00.

BEADY REFERENCES.

Scripture texts arranged in subjective order, with historical notes.

45c, 55c, 85c, and $1.10, according to binding.

BLOOD ATONEMENT.

By O. W. Penrose.

Explaining the doctrine as understood by Latter-day Saints.

20c WHY WE PRACTICE PLURAL MARRIAGE.

By Helen Mar Whitney.

20c THE "MANUSCRIPT FOUND."(Spauldlng Story).

Paper, 25c; Cloth, 50c;

Leather, Gilt, $1.00.

ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD.

By President John Taylor.

lOo.

THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OT LATTEB-DAY SAINTS.

By John Jacques.

10c E= noz o

BRO^v;rai;rcG BROS,, 155 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE., OGDEN, UTAH

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TheNewB aker GUNS, BICYCLES, FISHING TACKLE, LAWN TENNIS, BASE BALL AND CRICKET GOODS.

TENTS HAMMOCKS, WAGON COVERS FIELD GLASSES, BOOTS, SHOES, Etc., Etc.

Agents for the "American Rambler,"the highest grade Safety Bicycle made; "Eclipse"Wheels

DuPont's Sporting and Blasting Powder; Safety Nitro and Atlas Powder Giant Caps, Fuse, etc., etc.

We sell a 34-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch, 135.00; and 30-inch for $45.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail free to any address.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Nicholasfor Young

Folks, issued by the same house, "are read by every one person in thirty of the country's population."The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers [offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

"ST. NICHOLAS."The year 1892 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St. Nicholas."One cannot put the spirit of St* Nicholas into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1892 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

THE NEW ENGLAND MAGAZINE.

An illustrated monthly Magazine, a current record of New England life and thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

$3.00 per year.

ARPER'S PERIODICALS HARPER'S MAGAZINE, HARPER'S WEEKLY, HARPER'S BAZAR, HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE 4.00 a Year 4.00 a Year 4.00 a Year 2.00 a Year UNRIVALLED STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE.

PERFECT EXPONENTS of the CIVILIZATION of the COUNTRY.

HARPER. & BROS., Franklin Square, New York:.

Wm. Driver & Son, ^Wholesale and Retail Druggists. *> THE MOST RELIABLE DRUG HOUSE IN THE WEST

IS THE FIRM OF Mail Orders Receive prompt attention.

OGDEN, UTAH.

CONFECTIONERY.

K SHIELDS S CO, 43 S 45 State St, CHICACO.

THOMPSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

IMPORTERS AND MANUFACTURERS OF <XTHE FINEST >o KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the Famous Brand of

Red Cross Lye.

30, 32, 33, 36, 38, 40 80. WATER STREET, CHICAGO.

Black^w-ell's r>vir,liaLm. Tobacco Has the LARGEST SALE of any Tobacco in the World.

TRADE MARK TOR PLEASURE.

<*MF*RT,HEALTt"SMOKE THE OLD^ MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY - Bl)RH/IM,K.Co 1T3 BEARS THP OfJH—Fi^.

POPULAR BECAUSE RELIABLE,

The Herald's Offers this Year!

EVERY SUBSCRIBER to the SEMI-WEEKLY HERALD Receives a Number in the great 3£S50,00 Premium Distribution AS USUAL.

The Americanized Encyclopaedia Britannica,

THE LITERARY SENSATION OF THE AGE.

(Ten Volumes) can be had with one year's Semi-Weekly Herald for $23.00.

The books alone retail for $45.00.

Five dollars down and the balance in monthly instalments will secure the great work, the paper and a premium numb r.

Five, vir c< nt discount for cash.

Gold and Sitoer Watches given Free To those sending a certain number of subscribers.

An elegant $5.00 POLITICAL AND IT.

S. MAP can be had with the Semi-Weekly Herald for $3.75.

Call and satisfy yourselves or ask your newsdealer for particulars.

Also NOTE THIS REMARKABLE OFFER.

You can get GENERAL GRANT'S MEMOIRS (2 volumes, the original $7.00 edition), the great COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE one year, the SemiWeekly Herald, and a premium number for $6.50.

See the Herald for further particulars.

H.

G. WHITNEY.

Business Manager.

B H. ROBERTS. Editor Semi-Weekly Herald

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH I HI STATE BANK OF UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U.

S. Government Food Report.

HE8ER J. GRANT, PRESIDENT.

wm. b. PRESTON. Vice- President.

HEBE-R M. WELLS, CASHIER.

piRECTORS JOSEPH F. SMITH.

CHARLES S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. ROWE.

NEPH1 W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H.CANNON. FRANK V. TAYLOR.

SPKNCEE CLAWSON.

f'HILO T. FARNSWORTH.

KLIAS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOUNG.

HENRY A. WOOLLKT.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Go-operative JWereantileInstitution, Salt Lake City, Organized Oct., 1868.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

OFFICERS:

President, Wilford Woodruff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. Webber;

Measurer, A. W. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO, and IDAHO FALLS.

Drug Dept., Main St.

SALT lake city.

W. H. ROWE, Assistant Supt Utah Territory.

DIRECTORS:

Geo. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romney, J. R. Winder, H. Dinwoodey, P. T. Farnsworth, J. R. Barnes, W. H. Rowe.

MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

T.

G. WEBBER.Genekal Supt HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS

MAIN STREET.