October, 14 Will Begin January 1$, 1893.

^35fca>J>«i2,00!ff m the m ONTRIBUTOR A-AVONTHLY-AAGAZINE- s& ft voLxnrOCTOBER- 1892- no 12 So ^5 §?, PUBLISHED- BY THE CONTRIBUTOR- CO- SALT • LAKE-CITY- UTAH- si.

Gather up your Numbers and send them in for Binding.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER, 1892.

Columbus, Orson F. Whitney.

Frank Raymond's Conversion, Marvin E. Pack.

Marcia: A Story of Ancient Rome

Laertes.

Church Emigration, XVII, Andrew J»-nson.

The Cholera Epidemic Laertes.

Died by the Wayside, Leo Haefeli.

Singing Mice, Harper's.

Editorial: Christopher Columbus „John Greenleaf Whittier George William Curtis.

To Our Subscribers.'Christmas, Willard Done.

Music:

The Beautiful Home of the Soul

A. H. Peabody Names of States, St. Louis Republic.

Incor-cated,888. ^LS&SUESSSli?

Geokgb M. C£™t ZION'S Cashier.

Pays S per cent.

Interest Compounded Quarterly, on Deposits.

* SAVINGS SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Oldest and Largest Savings Bank in Utah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

Mou< y to Loan on Approved Secu lilies at Low Rates «.f Interest. BANK<*»

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff. Prut.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-IYtst.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James J nek, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Wel.ber, II.

B. Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthnn H.

Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy.

BOXES to RENT at Reasonable—Terms.—

TRUSTS Deposits received from SI Upward••COMFY »H «- I, 3, and 5, EAST TEMPLE STREET, SALT LAKE

CITY-

WARNER BROS.

un CELEBRATED KJ HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with s'arch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation, recognized, for they have "Dr They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

NEW YORK and CHICAGO.

For Sale in Sa/t Lake City z.

c. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden z.

c. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

Warner Brothers Celebrated Corsets.

H ARPER'S PERIODICALS II \I.TI I,"- MAG \ZINK.

f.j.ooa Year HARPER'S WEEKLY, ^.ooaYear HARP \Z.\K.

$4.00 a HARPER'S YOUNG l'l.< »|-|!•., $2.00 a Year mrvALLis:ta:;cam or ixoillzmci.

rmz:T UNUITI of thi civilization of u« cotnrm.

HAHI'J'IH #c I^KOS., Fr.-mUllii Square, Nrw York

Wm. Driver &.

Son, -^Wholesale and Retail Druggists. k THE MOST RELIABLE DRUG HOUSE IN THE WEST

IS THE FIRM OF WIVI. DRIVER A «OJV, Mall Orders Receive prompt attention.

OGDEN, UTAH* BROWNING ISROJS., 155 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE, OGDEN, UTAH WHOLKSAI.K AND RBTAIL TheNev/TJ GUNS, BICYCLES, FISHiNG TACKLE, LAWN TENNIS, BASE BALL ANO CRICKET GOODS.

AKER GuK TENTS HAMMOCKS, WAGON COVERS FIELD GLASSES.

BOOTS, SHOES, Etc.. Etc.

Agents for the "American Rambler,"the highest grade Safety Hlcycle made;

•'Eclip.-e"Wheeli Du Pom's Sporting nnd Bin-ting Powder; Safely Nitro and Atlas Powder Giant Cups,

Fuse, eic.eic.

We sell a 34-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch, Sltt.OO; and 30-inch for S45.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail free to any uddress.

^^^PIONEER^^n PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office.

W.

South Temple St.

SALT xjaKI.- CITY TPXAIEi

B.F&H.L SWEET, -MANUFACTURERS OF- <il "COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS, ft* I Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

Co-operative "Wcjgjox* and J\JL&lg±x1xig Co., General Western Asrents.

GALVANIZED GEARED AERMOTOR Re-designed and much improved, furnishes power to

PUMP, GRIND, CUT FEED, and SAW WOOD.

fFor 12-ft.

Steel Geared Aermotor, Does the I'M work of 4 liot'ses at half the oostol one, and is HI always harnessed and never gets tired.

With our Steel Stub Tower it is easy to put on barn.

Send for elaborate designs for putting power in barn.

ACD&JfSTfiD f8^ 12th & Rockwell Sts -. Chicago, ACnlrlll B Ull UU'& -y Ueaie St -> SaD Francisco

Scientific American Agency for CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, OES9CN PATENTS COPYRIGHTS, etc.

For information and free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO., 361 Broadway, New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the $timt\fk Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly, $3.00 a year; $1.50 six months.

Address MUNN & CO., PUBLISHERS. 361 Broadway- New York.

THE^T SOWER *W HAS No Second Chance.

aake the most of the flrst.i FERRY'S have made and kept Ferry's Seed Business^ the largest in the world—Merit Tells.

Ferry's Seed Annual for tells the whole Seed story—Sent free for the asking.

Don't sow Seeds till you get it.

JD.M.FERRY & CO..Petroit,Micha THE Standard Gauge RAILWAY!

Through the Rocky Mountains!

Choice of Three Distinct Routes, and the most Magnificent Railroad Scenerv in th World.

Two Fast Express Trains Daily each way between OGDEN, SALT LAKE and DENVER.

Elegant Reclining Chair Cars FREE OF CHARGE.

Direct Connections made in Union Depots. The most Thoroughly Equipped

Railway in the West.

J. H. BENNETT, General Freight and

Passenger Agent.

D. C. Dodge, A. E. Welby, Gen '1 Manager.

Superintendent

liljellyoiiaswfff 6utyou mu^tnr tell;

NoKper^psyoum&y j fbinkil-ajokerjut \\)QJ\r$ \o$q\ married aretfye iris who know well how toeook on \U)Q Great jflifl&K For Snle t,.r Z.

0.

V.

I., Sol<- AffoU for Utah.

Vol.

XIII.

OCTOBER, 1892.

No.

12.

COLUMBUS.

So long as lofty peaks o"er lowly plains

Catch first the glorious beams of golden light

That lumine this dark world;

so long shall men, Or souls that seem far more than men, be found,

To loom above the level of their kind

And greet the earliest rays of rising truth.

What though the shallow world shall scoff and scorn,

Not seeing what their mystic sight beholds;

But groping, groveling and denying all,

Save what their sires or antique times have known;

Content to lie at ease in Lethe's vales,

And hating those who soar to higher things!

These walk and talk with God on mountain tops,

On sacred hills of solemn thought, and thence,

Like Moses from the blazing Mount, descend,

To kindle wisdom's beacons for mankind.

Of such a one I sing; the Genovese, World-binder, bridger of the boundless seas,

The conqueror and colossus of the waves,

Who stood on meditation's starry height,

Above the clouds that canopied the age,

And looked upon the earth and said, 'Tis round."

As later quoth Copernicus, "It moves;"

Still later, Galileo, he who groaned

In fetters for a like truth reaffirmed.

Thrice kingly three, uncourtiered and uncrowned;

Not theirs the purple robe and diadem;

Whom science crowns full oft doth misery clothe;

Chains were their sceptres, dungeon cells their thrones.

And these thy portion proud, O sailor sage!

The meed of all thy waiting, wandering toil.

No marvel; thou wert God's, not man's elect,

And thou didst serve Eternity, not Time.

Of tyrant kings and priests—earth's recreant powers

Who governed but to goad and gall mankind,

The groaning world was weary; and the hour,

The fated hour when Freedom's prostrate form,

Bursting the shackles of long centuries

As Samson, rousing, rent Philistian bonds

Erect should stand in might and majesty,

And shake her locks in anger at her foes,

Drew on apace.

'Twas meet that ere that hour Of tottering thrones and trembling dynasties,

COLUMBUS.

Tii.it <i iy of reckoning and rod. iu-iI.iixl mitrrril lie.ids and recking h i On grinding grand end trampling tvr.mny,

A haven from the universal storm, I li.it r'l.mee MM fiereely t>ur-.t—vet "Illy MW The faint beginning, not the furious end

Should heaven prepare.

A land of liberty, A home of peace and human brotherhood,

Where men should equal stand, a sovereign host,

Nor owe to haughty birth their high degree;

Where merit's star o*cr mammon's might ascend;

Where brain and brawn should blood and birth outweigh

Where law should liberty and life defend, And tyranny be traitor to the realm;

Where right, not might, should monarch rise and reign, i er all that breathed or blossomed neath the sun;

Where, linked in chain of loving unity

The only chain that freedom's land could bind

A sisterhood of empires, hand in hand,

Might time their steps to Truth's triumphal tread.

And march to music of Millennial strains.

Glad harbinger of still more glorious state The welding of the nations—world-wide chain

With Freedom's ensign waving over all.

The brave task thine, bold wrestler with the main,

Furopia's pilgrim, Neptune's pioneer!

Tossed not alone on wild Atlantic's crest,

By angry trident of the ocean god,

But on a sea of troubles fiercer still

The unbelief and envy of thine age,

Whose waves of cold contempt and clouds of scorn

And wrathful winds had well nigh overwhelmed

The bark of thy adventurous emprise,

Ere glorious Isabella's friendship beamed,

And Palos saw thy slow-descending sail.

The brave task thine, thou Titan of thy time

Albeit thy lot to better build than know

To plow a way for Freedom through the waves,

And plant her standard on a stranger shore

The Banner of the Cross, whose law divine

Is love of right and human liberty;

To pioneer a path for Freedom's own.

To pave the way for her great champion

A mightier e'en than thou—whose patriot arm

Enclothed with thunders of omnipotence,

Wielding the lightnings of a righteous cause,

Should cleave the clanking chain of tyranny,

Which bound, as captive to the chariot wheel

Of Britain's power, Columbia's bleeding form.

And then—oh, glorious conquest, grander far

Than burnished steel and battling hosts might win!—

To turn from all he was or might have been,

To waive the all but proffered kingly crown,

And seek the sweet seclusion of repose;

Sufficed to reign—where kings too rarely reign

Without a rival in his country's love.

Yet thou the glory of that deed shalt share,

Which gave to half the world—thy hemisphere

What all must have and hold ere Time expire;

COLbMB US.

Since truth proclaims, had no Columbus been,

Our land had never known a Washington.

What though proud Spain withheld thy guerdon grandViceroyalty oi realms by thee unveiled,

Vast revenues no coffer e'er contained

Pledged recompense of pain and patient toil!

Could aught by man bestowed thy boon repay

Thy gift to glory and a groaning race?

Wouldst wish the great debt cancelledr

Gaze again, Behold what Time hath wrought—the mighty tree

That shelters 'neath its broad and bounteous shade From fierce oppression's rain or fiery rays,

And feeds with hope's rare fruit the refugees

Of Freedom's cause in every land and clime!

That tree was of thy planting—thine and His,

Who wrought by thee Divinity's design;

Though thou didst never live to pluck the fruit

Which gladdens now a grateful universe.

Nor lived to see—oh mockery of fame!

What then had made thee weep, had'st thou been less

Than thy great self—thy rightful claim ignored;

Another's name upon the monument

Eternal destiny designed for thee.

But lived to eat the bread of penury,

And moist its bitter crust with burning tears;

To wear the chains which envious power had forged

In fires of causeless hate; and then to pass

Unpitied to the tomb, unwept, unpraised

And unrequited.

E'en as some brave bark, 'Gainst which to war all angry winds conspire,

Afar by tempest's fury lashed and driven,

Dismantled, shattered, wrecked, on rocky reet

Goes down in raging seas—so sank thy soul,

Thy stalwart soul beneath life's stormy wave;

Thy greatness lost in man's ingratitude.

Lost but to man's, not to thy Maker's gaze,

That ship sails on, and it shall sail for aye.

Thy fame, Columbus, sank with Europe's sun,

To rise upon the world thy valor won,

Whose teeming myriads now their homage yield.

What glorious walls and glittering towers appear?

For whom doth honor rear these radiant domes?

These "villages of nations,"where the waves

Of Michigan the shore of Freedom lave?

Why throng these multitudes that eager wend

From every clime beyond the watery way?

From Asia's ancient strand—far-famed Cathay,

Where sage K'ung Fu-tse shone and Yaou reigned

Or wise Gautama's home, the Hindu land,

For which thy prows pierced ocean's mystery;

Pacific's coral isles and palmy groves

Send forth their dusky-hued ambassadors.

O'er occidental seas their course inclines,

Along the bosom of Balboa's wave.

Anon from Europe's coast, whence greatness springs

Too plenteous to praise or e'en to name;

Land of illustrious lives and deathless dead,

Whose deeds, like laurel blossoms, crown her head;

5*4 FRANK RAYMOND'S t i fO\.

I I..m Ali it's burning waste. Atlantic's isley

Swift "Vr iii^ billowy breast iheli vessels bound)

Plowing anew the pith, olef) by tin- k<->i Thai bore • ""IumiIpii". tn < olumMe's shore.

• nren.in 1 thine, and thine the fanes, I pie. in il to science, art and industry, tuning fingejl point thy place of rest;

multitudes, thy pilgrim rotaiiaSi

Who hithei bis to kned and poui their p

Look down, Minted noul, upon the world, A world that now divines what thou didst know,

And mure than thou didst deem the world might know;

A world that praise-, when'it onoe profaned, Adores where then it scoffed, and lauds where blamed.

The mystic wheel hath turned;

the last is first, And first is last—Columbus—Ferdinand Which is the king, and which the vassal now?

If tame be wealth, what fabled wealth is thine!

If love be empire,.where thy realm's confine?

Behold all nations bending at the shrine.

Columbia, loyal to thy name, doth raise!

And thus the present for the past at

And more than Spain once promised, Earth now pays.

Orson /•'.

Whitney.

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION.* One afternoon, in the early part of September, 1845, a solitary horseman might have been seen entering the city of Nauvoo from the east.

That he was a stranger was evident from the curious, observant manner in which he looked about him and the surprise depicted on his face at what he saw.

He was a young man of about twentyfour or twenty-five years of age, of very prepossessing appearance; and his face, though sunburned and browned from exposure to wind and sun, yet wore a frank ingenious look that would cause one to instinctively trust him.

As he penetrated farther into the city he might have been heard to exclaim, "Is it possible this fair city was built in so short a time by such lawless characters as the Mormons?"

He had found the whole country surrounding Nauvoo aroused to a high pitch of excitement, by what was termed the defiance of the Mormons to the law, and had seen armed men • Awarded special prize, offered by the Contributor Co., at the Territorial Fair, 1892.

collected as they asserted, to suppress a threatened uprising of the Mormons.

He passed unaccosted along the streets, though it was evident from the curious, questioning looks he received that his presence had aroused some conjecture as to who he was and what his errand might be.

As he approached a group of men on the street corner, he heard one man say, as if in reply to some remark that had just been made, "No, I do not think he is in with the mob, he looks too honest for such company."The terrible stories he had heard, had prepared him to meet a sullen and inhospitable people, whose very appearance would bear witness of their crimes.

Thus far, however, he had been agreeably surprised, and when he stopped and inquired if they could direct him to Widow Wilson's—Hannah Wilson's, they answered him civilly enough—indeed, appeared anxious to direct him.

"But here is her son Willie,"said one of them, as a boy of about fourteen years of age came up with his dinner pail on his arm, he will show you the way. Won't you, Willie?"

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION.

"Yes, I guess so,"said Willie, "what is it?""This gentleman is looking for your mother's, and wants you to show him the way.""Certainly;"replied Willie, "I am just going home now;"and he looked curiously at the stranger, as though he would like to know what could be his business with his mother.

Accommodating his horse's pace to that of the boy, the stranger engaged him in conversation about the various interesting points of the city and about himself and his people.

"I suppose you are learning blacksmithing?"said he, looking at Willie's hands and clothes which bore evidence of such labor.

"Yes;

I have been working for quite a while with Brother Miller.

I am trying to learn the trade.""And do you have pleanty of work to give you practice?"Willie smiled as he replied, "Oh yes;

we have all we can do and more too, since the Saints began getting ready to go West in the spring; we could work day and night if we wanted to.""And is it true that all the Mormons are going to leave their beautiful city and seek new homes?""I suppose so, that's what the mob demands, and I believe our leaders have promised that we will go—any way, we're getting ready to leave."

Willie stopped before a two roomed log house, with garret over head, and indicated that this was his another's house.

Not certainly a very imposing residence, but one which, while denoting poverty, yet had a neat and home like appearance.

Tying his horse at the gate, the stranger followed Willie up a clean gravelled walk, bordered on either side by tasteful flower beds, to the door, which was shaded by vines trained on trellis work.

They were met at the door by a middle aged woman of refined appearance, but whose grey hair and careworn face bore record of sorrows and trial.

"Mother, here is a gentleman who wishes to see you,"said Willie, as she looked questioningly from him to the stranger.

"Won't you step inside, please,"asked

Mrs. Wilson without waiting to ask his business.

As he did so he noticed curiously that the door was only fastened by a wooden latch.

Was the widow too poor to afford better protection against thieves, or was poverty her protection?

He found himself in a low whitewashed room, evidently the living room; a few pictures and mottoes adorned the rough log wall; the furniture was simple and very plain, most of it home made. The evidences of poverty were everywhere;

and yet, there was an air of refinement and of comfort about it all that struck him more forcibly than anything else.

From his hasty survey of the room, he turned to Mrs. Wilson, who was regarding him questioningly, and said:

"I beg your pardon, Mrs.

Wilson,"very likely you do not remember me, as I was only a boy when you left Vermont.

My name is Frank Raymond."She started at the name, and flushed with pleasure as she shook his outstretched hand, exclaiming: "What, little

Frank! grown to be such a man!

Yes, now I see the resemblance.

But who would ever think of seeing you out here.

You haven't joined the Church?""Oh no:

in fact, I came only to see you; but I have letters in my saddle bags which will answer your questions better than I can.

I will bring them.""And Willie will put your horse in the cow shed, for of course you will stay here while you are in Nauvoo.

We will make you as comfortable as we can, if you can put up with our poor accommodations.""The accommodations are all right, "he replied, "and I feel like I were at home to be welcomed by an old acquaintance.

I shall certainly accept the invitation."

Frank brought in the letters and gave them to Mrs. Wilson, and then went for a stroll down to the river while she read them.

The one in which we are most interested read as follows:

"Sharon, Vermont, July 1st, 1845.

"Dear Sister Hannah:

"You will doubtless be surprised to

/A'.

I \ A"A\ ) m >.\7'\S ( n.\ I I HSU >\.

rec < ive a letter Itom lumir after so long, and a lrtti r so headed, lint alter all "blood is tlni kcr than water,"and we hope yet to have the old endeared relations renewed—it depends on yon whether such is the case.

We have followed closely the history of the Mormons, being unable to forget, though we tried, that our sister was one of them.

"Though it was only a few days ago that we heard of the death of your husband, through Silas Jones who has had all he wants of the Mormons.

The terrible stories he tells about them, have awakened an anxiety in our hearts for you, that even the memory of the past can not allay.

We are children of common parents, reared neath one roof, taught at one mother's knee, and though you for a time seem to have forgotten those teachings, yet we cannot endure the thought that you are left unprotected and exposed to to want and suffering among that people.

By the papers we see they are again arousing the indignation of their neighbors by their lawless acts, and it seems evident the history of

Missouri will be repeated in Illinois, unless, as is rumored they intend doing, they emigrate west, beyond civilization.

That is the only wise course for them to pursue, for, as long as they are among decent people, their crimes and unquestioning obedience to their unprincipled leaders will bring opposition, and sooner or later they will be destroyed and scattered.

"It is not of this, however, that we wish to write, we have always felt that the one great reason for your clinging so tenaciously to the Mormons, was because your husband was one of them.

Now he is gone, and you are left alone, there is surely nothing to bind you to them any longer.

Come home again.

Let all the past be forgotten and forgiven. We have ample means, and though you are left out of father's will, we will give you the Old Homestead, and neither you nor your children will want for any comfort money can buy.

"We send this letter by Frank Raymond (brother to her brother James'wife); he was going out West to make a start for himself, and w< li.ive enlisted his s< l and his sympathies in your behalf, lie Mrfll B mme all tare ami responsibility ot your moving, if you decide to come.

"In closing we conjure you by the memory of our dead parents, by the love that bound our lives in childhood, bonds that we long to SO newed, come home!

Leave that deluded and ignorant people, and come to the hearts that long to clasp, you and rejoice over the prodigal's return.

"Your loving Brothers and Sister, "/.

//.

Dudley, "Samuel Dudley.

"Sarah D.

Thompson."Her other letters were from friends and kindred, all urging her to come home.

As she read, fond memory recalled the happy days of childhood and girlhood, the home endeared by a thousand ties, the brothers who had cherished her as a loved, petted sister, the sister who had been her confidant in childhood, girlhood and womanhood, taking the place of her mother who had died when Hannah was but a child.

She thought ot her father, proud of his descent from the old Puritan stock; and yet, even he had thought Joel Wilson was a suitable mate for his "Baby,"as he had always called her, when in those long to be remembered days of early womanhood he had wooed and won her.

How swiftly and happily the years had sped! And childish happyvoices had made music in their home, pledges of a love blest by heaven.

Her cup of happines seemed full to overflowing, and when she heard a Mormon Eldertelling the beautiful story of Christ's love—of tbe gospel that promised to perpetuate all those fond ties, how had her heart thrilled with ecstacy at the prospect!

Together she and her husband had received the truth, and in one day were they baptized.

And together they had been repudiated and scorned by father, sister, brothers and friends.

Her father had even carried his resentment beyond the grave, disinheriting her from any share in his wealth.

Her heart would have broken but for the blessings of the gospel; but she was happy even in affliction, for had she not

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION.

yet her loved companion and her children, and were they not assured to her for eternity?

Her eyes rained tears as she read and thought of it all.

And here was a promise of comfort once more, blest by the love of kindred and friends.

How fondly imagination dwelt on the theme!

Then she thought of the other side of the picture, of what she must give up to obtain this—the Saints who had become dear to her by a common suffering, the principles for which her husband had laid down his life, and above all must deprive herself and her children of the blessings of the gospel. Her soul shrank back at the thought, and her choice was made.

She would be true even to death.

Kneeling, she prayed to the God of the widow and the fatherless for strength to remain faithful to the end; and there on her knees came to her the sweet spirit of peace and happiness that wealth could never buy.

When Frank Raymond came in an hour later he found her paler, and noted the traces of tears on her face, but there was also a subdued glow of happiness which brightened her face with hope.

She acquainted him with her decision, nor could all his endeavors shake her resolution.

In vain he pictured the love awaiting to welcome her, the ease and comfort, the advantages of education and refinement that wealth would give her children, as against poverty and wretchedness which threatened them here.

"No,"said she, "rather would I have my children educated in the one simple truth, that the gospel offers the only plan of perfect development, than in all the sciences, and refinements of modern life without it, for then they will at least acknowledge God and honor his laws."

He was silenced for the time at least;

and, as their conversation suggested again the question that he had several times been on the point of asking, he inquired about the children. Mrs. Wilson replied that the younger ones, three girls whom he had never seen, were visiting with a neighbor's children, and Mary, the oldest, was across the river to Montrose working out with a family of Saints there, who kept a sort of hotel or inn.

She came home every Saturday night, and she was expecting her now.

"You remember Mary?"she asked.

He smiled his assent. "But you will hardly recognize her in the woman she has grown to be.

She seems more like a companion to me than like a daughter."

He assured her he could not forget Mary.

What! forgot the sweet, demure little Mary who had been his sweetheart in the happy days of childhood?

It was partly the remembrance of that, which had brought him on his present errand.

Often during the long journey he had tried to imagine how she would appear as a young woman, until his heart was in feverish [expectancy of the meeting he had looked forward to.

While they were talking a light footstep was heard coming up the graveled walk, and a full, rich voice of wondrous sweetness singing a well known ballad.

Mrs.

Wilson arose to open the door, but desisted at Frank's low request.

Nearer and nearer the voice came singing,pausingat the door which opened, and a girl of about twenty years of age stepped across the threshold, then stopped in confusion as she saw a stranger arise to meet her.

As she stood, bathed in the golden beams of the setting sun, Frank thought a fairer vision of lovliness he had never beheld.

Her hat, a plain sailor hat of home braided straw, was thrown back on her shoulders, disclosing clustering ringlets of rich auburn hue, gathered about a face glowing with the bloom of health and innocence, and now suffused with burning blushes—a face it was, which mirrored a soul as pure and noble as its features were fresh and beautiful.

He recognized the little Mary of the past, despite the matured expression of woman-hood, and felt his heart thrill with a glow of the old affection of childhood.

"Mother,"she exclaimed, "why did you allow me to burst in, in such an absurd way?"Then to him, "I Had no idea a stranger—

"Not a total stranger, I hope,"said Frank coming forward.—"Malie, not a total stranger."

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION A surprised flash ol recognition spoke from her soulful eyes,.it this ii.iiiiPrank's pet Dame foe her so long ago,.mil sin- <-\c lafaned in.i tone of pleased surprise "Wii.it! Frank Raymond? Well, you are the last one I would ever think of seeing away out here;"and she gave his proffered hand a hearty grasp ol welcome.

Again he felt that exquisite glow of pleasure thrill his heart as her hand met his. Then there were questions to he asked and answered, and erelong it seemed that the old friendship of childhood was to be renewed.

After supper when the whole family were assembled together, Frank Raymond thought he had never seen a happier one, all things considered.

"And these are Mormons?"he thought, "that fair girl a btjliever in such doctrines as the Mormons receive?

How has she retained unsullied the guileless purity of innocence among such a people?"

They conversed far into the night, and for the first time Frank heard the Mormon side of the story, and an uncomfortable feeling that he had been deceived began to take possession of him.

He was given the best room to sleep in, evidently the room of Mary and her mother.

He lay awake a long time pondering over the events of the day, and what he had heard in defense of the

Mormon people. He had always thought them ignorant and degraded—the very "scum of the earth;"if what he had heard were true they were persecuted and maligned by the very men, who were themselves guilty of every crime, and who were anxious to paint them black as possible, that they might rob and plunder them with a semblance of justice.

Mary's animated face came again and again before him, as she pleaded the cause of her people.

That face had for him a strange fascination, and he found all the happy memories of childhood thronging back on his heart.

He scouted the idea of love so soon awakened, but a bright hope had stirred his soul when he saw her to rescue her from the toils of a corrupt and licentious religion.

That hope had been dissipated, for he felt that Mormonism, though it were a delusion, claimed.ill tinallegiance of Mrs.

WilSOn, "id Miry who defended the Mormons with SO much w.irmth, lie foarcd would never leave them; ere he slept, he registered a vow to devote all his en to the accomplishment >>( his mission.

II.

Prank R lymond was awakened in the morning by a bustling about in the adjoining room.

On arising he found the family.ill a^tir, and Mary, fairer than ever in his eyes, "superintending the preparations for breakfast.

After breakfast, Mary and all the children went to Sunday School, and he devoted his forenoon to writing letters home.

To his brother - in law and sister he wrote of his doubts of being able to accomplish his mission.

"But'said he, "I will not give up yet; they are very poor, and I hope this will influence Mrs. Wilson to reconsider her decision."At dinner, Mrs.Wilson asked him if he would not like to attend meeting with them at the "meeting house."He readily consented;

he was curious to witness the Mormon worship, and to see the Mormon priesthood, of whom he had heard so much; he wished to learn it possible what power enabled them to hold "such control over their dufies."

Mrs. Wilson and Mary introduced him to the Bishop and many of the leading Elders.

All welcomed him heartily, and he looked in vain for the evidences of crime and depravity in their faces and in the faces of the worshipers.

There was a hearty good will in their salutations with each other.

Their services he thought though simple, were veryimpressive.

He was surprised to see the speakers.of whom there were two, called from the congregation, and was more surprised when they read from the Bible in support of the doctrines they advocated. He had understood that the Mormons rejected the Bible, and had one of their own adapted to their peculial belief; but he was forced to acknowledge that the application of the passages quoted was just and fitting.

He was particularly pleased with the singing, perhaps because Mary sang in the choir

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION.

certain it is that her voice, while sweetly blending with the other voices, yet possessed for him a separate and distinct melody.

She went from the meeting direct to Montrose, much to Frank's disappointment.

During the week he went about the city and became acquainted with others of the Mormons.

The more he saw of them the more he admired them.

Every day were families fleeing into Nauvoo from the adjoining settlements, their houses and stacks burned by the mob, and their lives threatened.

Everywhere were active preparations being made for an early exodus from their homes in the city of Nauvoo; and yet there was no violent railing against their ruthless enemies, nor sullen brooding over the sad alternative of leaving their homes, or remaining subject to the attacks of unscrupulous hordes who spared neither age, sex nor condition;

but everywhere there was evinced a cheerfulness and a hope which told plainer than words that the sacrifice was a willing one.

He rode out to the camps of the mobbers, and was struck with the different spirit manifested there.

Instead of peace and good will, hatred and tumult reigned.

The air was burdened with curses and vile language; and men openly boasted of their lawless acts.

They had but one creed, "The Mormons must go, law or no law"—a whole people condemned to exile from their hard earned homes, in free America, without judge or jury.

Mrs.

Wilson had promised that he should go over and bring Mary home Saturday, and at last the wished for day came, and with a light heart Frank rowed over the Mississippi River to Montrose, on his pleasant errand.

He found her just about to embark with some men who were going over to Nauvoo to attend to some special meeting.

A flush of pleasure flitted across her face as she saw

Frank and heard his errand.

"It is to bad,"said she, after they were fairly embarked, "that you went to so much trouble to come after me.""Far from being a trouble,"answered he gallantly, and with the earnestness of truth, "it is a pleasure I have looked forward to for a whole week.

I am glad I came in time to be of service."

Ignoring the compliment, Mary asked, "How have you passed the week?

I fear you found our quiet city rather monotonous, compared with your eastern cities."He assured her he had found much to interest him in the city, and in the people he had met.

He told her of his visits to the outside settlements, and of the bitter feelings against the Mormons.

"Yes,"she exclaimed with a sigh, "it is the same bitter feeling that drove us from Missouri, and which now drives us to the western wilds of America.

We are accustomed to such persecution, but thank God! we will soon be free from it;

we are going far beyond their hate.""It seems strange,"said he, "why there is such opposition to the Mormons if, as you say, they are innocent; there must be something wrong somewhere.""There is something wrong,"she exclaimed "it is the same old warfare between light and darkness, truth and error;

the light has come and men oppose it, because their deeds are evil. 'By their fruits ye shall know them.'Contrast the spirit you witnessed among our enemies with that which you find in Nauvoo; and tell me, who exhibits the fruits of Christian virtues.

Look! there you see the fruits of Mormonism,"pointing to the beautiful city before them.

"Tell me,"she continued after a pause, "was that beautiful, orderly city founded by men of evil lives?

"That city, built by a stripped and plundered people, that temple reared by the Saints in their poverty, to the God of

Heaven, stand as monuments to their virtue aud their sincerity; they challenge the admiration of just men everywhere.

And yet,"she said sadly, ''we must leave them and seek homes where the oppressor cannot reach us, if such a place there be on earth.

The tears were stealing softly down her cheeks, but he did not see them;

there was something in her words and in the view before him which touched his imagination strongly, and awoke his spirit to thoughts of eternity.

His eyes

53o FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION.

were fixed on that grind t« nip!«-, rising majestic and!< haste lb its purity, the crowning glory of Miuvob, "the beatitltill."Tin- List rays of the setting sun were bathing its white walls in glowin.

As he looked the shades of twilight d settling around them, the line oi light crept slowly up the hill, up the walls of the temple to the spire, kissing its tip with a lingering beam.

Half unconsciously, he quoted the beautiful words of the poet.

"Upward steals the life of mm, As the sunshine on the wall!

From the wall unto the roof, From the roof along the spire.

Ah, the souls of those who ilie Are but sunbeams, lifted higher I""Are but sunbeams, lifted higher,"she repeated thoughtfully.

"A beautiful figure, but I confess I do not understand what the poet meant; there seems to be generally, such a vague, indefinite idea of the future life, in the world;

some seem to think we are hardly more personal than sunbeams, becoming part of the spirit essence—whatever they mean which fills the heavenly regions.

We have a very different view of the soul and its destiny."She paused in some confusion, as she felt his eyes resting upon her with a curious questioning look, and detected a slight smile—a smile of skepticism on his lips.

"I am anxious to know what your belief is,"he said, "pray do not stop."Her face flushed slightly as she continued: "We regard the soul as the spirit and body of man; and believe that by the resurrection is brought about the eternal life of the soul.

We believe that life is as real then as now; that all the ties of kindred and home will be renewed, never again to be broken—that is, providing all receive the Gospel and obey Unlaws of Celestial life.""It sounds very well in theory,"he replied; "I confess I wish such may be the case; but I have never bothered myself much about religion.

In fact, my investigations have led me to think that all religions are full of bigotry and fanaticism.

The most terrible crimes that have blackened the pages of history, were perpetrated in the name ot religion.

Catholic ami Protestant aw sttbe guilty.

I woiild.tremt.l-- lor the world were either tin gain exclusive power.""Y< -s,"H pHed -die, "it is true th- been nun li religious intolerance in the world, but you will find that the true Chttn h Oi Chrfed never had any part U it, except the part of the persecuted.

Su< h has been the history of the Latter day Saints from the beginning.

I have known something of it myself.

Look at our family—a widow mourning for her loved companion;

children left without a father's love and care, all the result ot man's narrow bigotry.

My father gave up his life for his religious convictions, after he had been stripped of his earthly possessions by a 'legalized mob.'"Never will I forget his frenzied ravings in the delerium of fever, caused by exposure and anxiety, in the defense of his family.

It was in Far West, Missouri, when we were surrounded by the mob, unarmed and defenseless, and not knowing in what hour our lives might be taken. We were among the last to leave, owing to father's sickness.

Our house and most of our goods had been destroyed by the mob, and we had been permitted to move into a small, unchinked log hut, where we might nurse him.

"One night, mother, worn out with watching and anxiety, had yielded to my urgent request to lie down and rest while I watched by his bedside;

for though a girl in years, I was a woman in experience.

I listened to the loud, brutal laughter of the sentries posted near, then to the children as they went to bed talking in awe-struck whispers about the 'horrid mob'and of what they would do if they came.

Soon all was still but for the dripping of the rain through the old root and the heavy breathing of the worn out sleepers.

I said all was still, but not all father was talking in his sleep of mobs and war.

As his 'ever increased, he awoke, raving incoherently.

I tried in vain to soothe and quiet him.

Suddenly he sprang from the bed, and. seizing an old corn-cutter, he began slashing about him in a frenzied manner, calling wildly,

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION.

'Come on! come on! you infernal fiends!

but at your peril, touch one of my loved ones!'The whole house was aroused.

The children, too terrified to even cry, clustered in one corner, expecting every moment to see the mob burst in. Mother and I tried unsuccessfully to quiet him, until the reaction came, when he sank helpless and almost lifeless to the damp dirt floor.

We managed some how to get him back into bed, and then quieted the terrified children who were now crying in fear and sorrow.

"That night he died! Oh God! how it all comes back again!"she cried burying her face in her hands and sobbing convulsively.

Frank gazed at her helplessly, his eyes filled with tears, at her vivid portrayal of the harrowing scene.

He longed to take her in his arms and comfort her, but at the same instant came a feeling that she was above and beyond him;

her faith, though it were wrong, yet gave her, even in his eyes, a quality of saintliness to which he felt he could never aspire.

Soon her sobs grew less frequent, and finally ceased;

looking up through her tears, she begged him to pardon her for thus giving way to grief, He had not seemed like a stranger to her, and she thought she could tell of their sad loss without giving way in this manner.

"Do not make any apologies,"he exclaimed, "I only regret my inability to offer comfort, in such a grief.

You certainly have my heart-felt sympathy."

Mary looked her thanks, she could not trust herself to speak further at present.

By this time they were at the Nauvoo landing, and night was closing fast. They found Mrs. Wilson at the gate anxiously awaiting them.

"I am so glad you have come at last,"she exclaimed, clasping Mary lovingly in her arms, "I was beginning to become alarmed for fear of some accident I will never be at ease so long as you have to cross that dangerous river.

"You must not worry, mother dear, there is really no danger, we just rowed over slowly so that Mr. Raymond could see our beautiful city.

Another time we will not delay so long."As they went into the house, Frank noticed more carefully than ever two mottoes, one over each door, "What is home without a Father,"and "In God we trust."As often as his eyes rested on the former, he thought of Mary's sad story.

"Can it be possible,"thought he, that they are right, and that an innocent people are thus made to suffer for the Gospel's sake?*'The evidences were before him, he felt the truth of what Mary had said, and felt at the same time a wave of compunction that he too had condemned unheard a probably innocent people, and he determined to begin at once and carefully investigate the question, in.

Mrs. Wilson had long since written to her brothers and sister telling them that she could not accept their offer.

She gave Frank the letter to read before sending it off, and he had been struck with admiration with the spirit of firm adherence to her convictions which pervaded it.

She had urged him to remain with them as long as he desired, an invitation he accepted with the stipulation that he be allowed to pay a nominal board bill.

He could not give up the thought of being able to rescue Mary—not from a corrupt and ignorant people as had been his first thought—for that he now knew they were not, but from the persecution arrayed against the Mormons.

Days lengthened into weeks and yet he lingered, and still his love for her continued to increase despite the fact that he was convinced that it was hopeless, that Mary would never marry a Gentile.

He was not idle, however, he was studying the Mormon problem, not from a religious point of view, but from the point of justice and right.

He witnessed daily such acts of lawlessness against the

Saints that he wondered at their forbearance, and, had occasion called for it, he would have taken up arms himself in their defense.

He was always on hand now to row Mary over the river and bring her home;

and they frequently discussed the principles of the Gospel.

On one occasion he again asserted the belief that

53?

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION all religiooi were the same;

all irtn aiming at one objective point;

tindiffer- ences of opinion and variation In details of worship, were DOSCSMOtfitlj in lac t, an honorable man professing iu> religion Ml as good in liis eyes as any of them, as certain of receiving every reward that 1 leaven had to bestow.

"And is God nothing?"she asked, "I iocs His word count for nothing? does lie simply start the machine of religion, and then leave it unchecked and unguided to regulate itsell? Such has not been the history of his dealings with mankind.

There is no warrant for such a belief in any of God's words.

The Savior, and after Him His apostles, had but one Gospel to preach, one law to deliver, one set of ordinances, without variation, for all.

Faith, repentance, baptism and the gilt of the Holy Ghost were made the key to the door of the Kingdom of Heaven; and the Saviour says, 'He who seeks to climb up by another way is a thief and a robber'—and will be rewarded as such.

What is the way?

Christ came to mark it, and said, 'Follow me!'Will we follow him? Can we follow him and reject the Gospel?

We have m in-made systems by the hundreds; but where is the Gospel Christ and His apostle's taught?

Lost to the world by transgression but restored to the Saints through His Prophet Joseph."Her soul was filled with the earnestness of her words, and she exclaimed "Thank God for these truths, that I have been permitted to receive them.

With His help I will never forsake these principles, nor the Saints of God.""But suppose,"he said earnestly, "suppose you were to meet and love some one who was not a Mormon—who would not follow their unpromising fortunes—What would you do?

Would you doom him and yourself to the sorrow of parting?"She looked up startled by the question, and met his eyes fixed anxiously upon her face;

there was no mistaking the look—he was pleading for himself; and her own heart suddenly thrilled with answering love to that she read in his soul.

Her face flushed, then paled;

she had never considered the question befonin this light;

she had never slopped to analyze the feelings of pleasure which his attention! and mm lety bad ghren her, had never asked herself if he could prefer her, a Mormon ghi, he who hail come to Nauvoo on a mission of mercy, as he supposed, to rescue her and h<rs from tlitoils of a corrupt and licentious religion.

No need now to ask these questions, the subtile chord of sympathy between their hearts had vibrated to the thrill of mutual love.

To her heart it brought a momentary thrill of pleasure, to know she was loved, followed immediately by a deeper reaction of sorrow that bowed her head in anguish.

She had spoken no idle words, she would never give up the Gospel, nor leave God's people.

For a time there was silence between them.

He could not see her face and knew nothing of the anguished struggle of her heart.

But when she raised her face to his eager questioning eyes, he was startled by its pallor.

Averting her face again, she answered slowly, almost inaudibly at first, but with increasing earnestness, every word falling on his heart a cold chilling weight of disappointment and regret.

"You know my convic'ions, the question is can I—dare I prove recreant to them?

Will God justify me in forsaking the path ot duty.

Of course we do not, cannot, agree as to what is my duty, but there is also another side of the question.

I am a woman, and I am proud of it;

but in man I recognize the head of woman, even as Christ is the head of man.

But suppose the man fails to recognize Christ and honor his laws, and the woman does, what becomes of the natural relationship between them?

Can she look up to him and revere him as her Lord?

Can she follow him?

If so, where? Away from the truth?

Can she afford to barter the joys of eternity for the fleeting happiness of a few mortal years?

No, no;

there could be only sorrow in such a course.""But,"objected he, "must we concede that she is right and he is wrong?

Must he accept her religious belief as true and

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION.

reject all others as false?

If the man is to lead, as you say, why may she not find happiness in following him?

Pardon me, but that is one point of your religion that I fail to understand, in that, at least, you appear dogmatical.

By what authority can you say your religion is right and all others wrong?""By the authority of the Holy Ghost;"she answered quickly, "by the revelations of God himself.

I do not often speak of it, especially to an outsider;

(he winced at the word) but, as I am really the subject of our conversation, I will say I know that God has sent the Gospel again to earth, I have tested the promises made by Christ's servants.

I have proved them true, and God's Spirit has revealed to me, as it will to all who obey its precepts, that what men term Mormonism is the only and everlasting Gospel of Christ, the plan of salvation."

He started at her words, looking into that noble, beautiful face, now aglow with the light of truth, he saw conviction stamped on every feature.

She was sincere, believed what she said to be the truth.

She was either grossly deceived or—could it be possible the Mormons were right?

He knew them to be slandered and persecuted, and the saying of the Savior, "The world will persecute and hate you for my name's sake, "flashed into his mind.

Was it possible? could it be possible, that those words were being fulfilled in the Latter-day Saints.

He could not entertain the thought that in free America, men were persecuted for serving Christ;

this could not be the cause of the opposition to Mormonism;

there must be something in their religion and worship antagonistic to Christianity.

Then he looked at the fair girl before him and thought of her words; thought of the patient forbearance of the Mormons—saint like qualities surely these.

IV.

Owing to the peculiar circumstances that had drawn out Mary's testimony, it carried conviction to Frank's heart, and he could not get away from it, though he tried.

It haunted him;

he must either shrink investigation and shut out the truth, accept her testimony, or reject it to his own condemnation.

Pride caused him to shrink from yielding to a system of religion he had always been taught to execrate.

What would his friends and folks at home think, if he, who had come out to rescue and save a deluded mother and her helpless children from the degregation and misery of Mormonism, should himself yield to the delusion.

Mary became more reserved with him, for she realized the necessity of putting a guard on her own feelings;

but she was far from happy; even the conviction that God would approve her course failed to always ease the burden of her heart.

With all the force of her strong earnest nature she loved Frank, nor could she overcome her love.

It was in vain to ask why she had been permitted to love, where she felt she could not have God's sanction to wed, it made no change.

Her coolness piqued and angered him, at one time he would determine to leave her, and the dangerous fascination of Mormonism, then he would think of her exposed to violence and suffering, to resolve to remain and protect her.

At one time he would feel almost to execrate her for her "cold unreasoning bigotry;"and again, was struck with admiration for the consistent beauty of her character.

And all the while his love grew stronger, only to rack his soul with torture, to feel it was all in vain, to witness the gulf between them grow wider.

There was a way to bridge that gulf he knew, to become a Mormon; but he was not ready to do that; he felt to retain his own self-respect; he must not be influenced to accept Mormonism by love for Mary.

If he found evidence accumulating of the divinity of the Latter-day Work, doubt would whisper his heart was only influenced by love for her, and he felt that he hated the bigoted religion that could thus bar two loving hearts.

She had hoped and prayed for him;

and, as day after day passed and he seemed drifting farther'and farther away, her soul was filled with the bitterness ot sorrow.

Her love was so unselfish that

FRANK RAYMOND'S CON\'ERSl(h\.

she mourned only for him, th.it he could be thus blinded;md reject (iod's love.

Things were in this s.id condition wIkii one Saturday night is usual lie went over to Montrose to bring her home lor Sunday.

It had been a busy day with her,.iikI lhe was dtt. lined until late.

I'lie day bad been quite stormy, and the night settled down black and cheerless beneath a lowering sky, the moon being obscured by heavy banks of clouds.

Frank was unusually depressed, the struggle against truth was becoming harder and harder to maintain.

His heart arose in passionate rebellion against the thought of yielding, and accepting Mary's faith with her love.

As they embarked at Montrose he took his place at the oars in silence, and rowed with strong moody strokes toward Nauvoo.

He was angry with himself, angry with her and bitter at heart against the religion which was separating them.

Brooding over the situation, had nerved his heart with a bitter desperation;

he would be silent no longer.he would speak his love; and if she adhered to her vow to remain with the Mormons, her refusal of his suit would at least string his pride to renounce and leave her.

He felt all the hopelessness of his cause, but he must speak—he must!

He leaned forward, giving the oars a vicious stroke to emphasise his determination, just as the moon for a moment struggled through the black clouds.

She saw his face, pale and passionate with pent up emotion, close to hers, as he exclaimed abruptly in a low intense tone:

"Mary, I can stand this no longer—

must speak, though I forfeit even your esteem.

I love you!

I—

What more he would have said was interrupted by a sudden crash as the boat struck some dark heavy object on one side of the bow, throwing him backward into the cold, dark waters of the Mississippi river.

As he came to the surface his first thought was of Mary.

He called her name sharply and anxiously, but received no reply; again he called—all was silent. The horrible thought that she was dead, or drowning, filled his heart with anguish.

"Oh God!"he cried, her—gttid< me to!

The moon shone forth fitfully gain, ainl with eyesight quickened |,y love he saw her near him, her white face upturned, just drifting past the point of the island between Nauvoo and Montrose.

He struck out mightily toward her, and reached her just as she was sinking beneath the dark, icy water.

With tinenergy of despair he swam toward the island, supporting her on one arm.

J lap pily a few strokes brought him to land with his precious burden;

but how still and limp she lay in his arms!

By the uncertain wavering light of the partially obscured moon, he saw her face pale and death-like, and rendered even ghastly by a deep cut over one eye.

The agonizing thought that she was dead, seemed to chill the warm currents of his heart.

Pressing her wildly to his breast he rained passionate kisses upon her cold face, calling her all the tender names his stricken heart suggested.

But she was not dead;

for, as with a returning tide of life he felt her heart beat feebly against his own—it was with a joy almost akin to pain for its intensity, that he felt hope again thrill his heart He realized that it was very cold, something that in the excitement of the past few moments he had not thought of.

She would die from exposure in her cold, wet clothing, unless something could be done.

He knew that no one lived on the island, and his loudest shout could not be heard either in Nauvoo or in Montrose.

He was almost in despair;

but laying her gently on the ground he covered her with his dripping coat, and then with all his might he shouted for help.

Was it his anxious fancy or did he hear an answering shout? He called again, and with what joy, heard a faint reply coming over the water.

Guided by his voice, the rescuers drew nearer, and soon he saw the light of a lantern, carried in a boat which speedily drew up along side the shore.

They were friends who had come out at Mrs. Wilson's urgent request.

She had a presentiment that something was wrong and when night came on and Mary did not come, she could not

FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION, rest until she had prevailed upon tliem to row across the river and find out what had detained her so long.

Frank in a few words explained what had happened, and taking her in his arms, stepped into the boat.

The warm dry coats of the men were wrapped around both, and the boat was rowed rapidly to the Nauvoo landing.

Once during the passage she stirred and moaned.

Frank, eagerly watching, saw her eyes partially open then close with a quivering sigh, bending to hear her faint words, he heard, "Frank, dearest Frank!

Oh, Heaven!"and she had swooned again.

Never was water dearer to famished traveler than her words, "Dearest Frank,"to his heart.

As they neared the landing a woman's form was seen hastening forward in the darkness to meet them, and Frank heard with dismay Mrs. Wilson's voice calling anxiously, "Mary! Are you there, Mary?"

After a pause, he replied, "Yes, Mary is here, and all right, do not be alarmed.""But she does not answer! Mary!"in tones of deepest alarm, "Oh God, what has happened?

Something dreadful, I know—I felt it!

Do not deceive me.

Is she dead?"Frank sprang ashore, and just in time to catch her as she staggered in his arms.

He exclaimed earnestly and hastily, "No;

she lives, thank God; but she requires good and prompt nursing.

Arouse yourself, her life may depend on it."

His words revived her swooning senses, she rallied and listened to his explanation of the accident, while a conveyance was being brought in which Mary was carried home.

It would be too tedious to tell of the anxious days and nights they watched and prayed by her bed-side.

The blow and the nervous shock which she had sustained, brought on a dangerous brain fever; and for days she seemed hovering between life and death.

To Frank, it seemed she was slipping away from him, and nearing that better world of which she had spoken.

He begged Mrs. Wilson to allow him to bring in a doctor, but she was firm in her refusal.

Only the servants ot God were called in to annoint and pray for her;

and when he saw the peace and calming of her delerium which their administration wrought, he began to have something of her mother's hope and faith;

and not only this, though he had not prayed for years, with so much to ask and wish for, he found his heart filled with supplication to the throne of Grace.

When pride yielded to affliction and love, he became anxious to know more of the faith that had upheld and sustained the Saints.

Most of his time was spent by Mary's bedside, reading and seeking for a testimony of the truth, both by study and prayer.

To him it seemed almost as though even her unconscious ravings, were inspired of God, to bring him to the acceptance of the truth, and he did not doubt that she was the instrument in the hands of God to call him to repentance, after he had received a testimony of the gospel, which he received by the bedside of that noble Latter-day Saint.

It was Christmas Eve, and they were watching anxiously for the turn of the fever; both Frank and her mother watched all night, but towards morning he prevailed on Mrs Wilson to lie down a short time in the adjoining room; they could do nothing but wait and pray.

When he was left alone with Mary he prayed almost continually;

and finally, moved by an impulse he could not resist, he placed his hands upon her head, just as he had seen the Elders do, and asked God to spare her to him, even as love for her had broken down the barriers of pride and self righteousness in his heart, and he had accepted the truth.

As he prayed there dawned a peace and hope in his soul that only the spirit of God could give.

He knew she would get well, he felt it through his whole being.

Relieved from the tension which anxiety had placed upon his heart, he wept glad, joyous tears, and sinking on his knees by her bedside he poured out his soul in gratitude to God.

While he knelt Mary awoke with a start, and exclaimed in rational tones, "Where am I? what has happened? Oh, remember!

we were on the river—the

53$ FRANK RAYMOND'S CONVERSION, boat upset; tod—o, Frank!"in tones of deepest anguish.

"Where—

"Here darling,"lie cried, arising and bending joyfully over her, "here, well and sound."Never could he forget the look of joy with which her eyes looked into his, as she whispered "I sm so happy! oh, so happy!

But, tell me how it happened.

I remember being struck by something.and falling into the water, then all is confused.""We run into a floating tree, or snag, and one of the broken limbs struck you over the eye,"laying his hand gently on the nearly healed wound; "fortunately we were near the island, and I swam ashore with you.""And I have been sick!

It all seems like a terrible dream.""Yes; very sick, so sick that only the power of God, through the administration of his Elders, has enabled you to pull through.

But you are talking too much.

You must ask no more questions now,"he said with gentle authority.

With the unquestioning obedience of a child, she obeyed, closed her eyes, and was soon in a quiet peaceful sleep.

When Mrs.

Wilson came in shortly afterwards, he pointed silently to the fair sleeper, from whose pale face the hectic glow of fever had given place to the delicate tint of health.

"Thank God!"she exclaimed fervently, "she will live!

What more precious Christmass gift could God bestow?

Blessed hope—happy day.""It is so indeed,"said he, "for me there is but one thing lacking to perfect my joy—your consent to claim Mary as my wife for time and all eternity;

for henceforth I am a Mormon and believe in such union.

Let me be a son to you and together we will all seek a home with God's people, in the west, away from oppression and lowless mobs."

In reply, she pressed him to her heart, with a mother's love, for as a son she had grown to love him, for his gentle, untiring devotion during the anxious days of Mary's sickness.""And now, mother,"with a playful emphasis on the word, "I have planned sii|pns<- fbf Maty, I am going nowto see the Bishop, and will be baptized before six- swaki "Mut, the (old,"she objected.

"It is but Hide colder than when we took our involuntary baptism only a few days.iv;o; and in such a cause, I surely OUghl not to shrink from so small a trial."

And so he was baptized, and received the gift of the Holy Ghost under the bands of God's servants—a fitting ^ift truly to receive in the name of him in whose honor the day was remembered.

From henceforth, he knew why the Saints could "take joyful the spoiling of their goods,—"knew how Mary was able to say Mormonism was true;

the BBflM spirit revealed it to him.

A few hours later Mary awoke—to find her mother bending over her, and with a joy beyond words they were locked in each others arms.

"Where is Frank,"mother, she asked presently, with a conscious blush.

"Is it true?

I dreamed he was baptized.

And oh, I was so happy, for I love him!

You won't mind, will you?

Is it true, is he a Mormon?""He is,"said Frank, who entered at that moment.

"And now, darling,"taking her hand regardless of Mrs. Wilson's presence, "we meet on a common footing; there is no difference of belief to separate us.

Let me be your head, even as I have chosen Christ for mine.

Is it yes?"He leaned tenderly forward as he spoke. Clasping her arms about his neck, she whispered, "Always and forever;"and their betrothal was sealed with a kiss of purest love.

"I see I am not needed here any longer,"said Mrs.

Wilson, laughing through the tears which filled her eyes, "so I will leave you with my blessing and prepare dinner;

for even lovers must eat "Pressing them each to her heart, she hurried from the room, lest her tears should check their joy.

"What day is it?"Mary asked, a few moments later, when they were alone.""Christmas,"he replied; "and I will ever remember it as the happiest day of my life."Manin E.

Pack.

MARCIA.

A Story of Ancient Rome.

BY "LAERTES."CHAPTER IX.

THE EXCHANGE.

Awaiting the time of execution, the prisoners were placed in closer and more secure confinement, each being allotted a separate cell.

Decius had used his influence in behalf of his sister, to keep her from a trial and a public prison, representing to his fellow officers that he had hopes of convincing her of the hopelessness of her course by keeping her from seeing her companions, and maintaining a personal surveilance over her.

She was still a prisoner in the lararium of their home, and her brother very rarely approached her.

He hoped that silent reflection on her part would do what his persuasion had failed to accomplish.

But she was not entirely shut out from communication with the outside world.

Occasionally, through the kindness of a slave, she obtained news of the proceedings against the Christians, and she was thus enabled to form her plans for the future.

One day Decius came to the door and asked if he could do anything for her previous to his departure from home, as he expected to remain away for some days.

There was a mystery in his manner and his words, which filled her with a vague fear.

Without betraying her apprehension to him, she casually asked if her female attendant could be sent to her, as she was particularly anxious to see her.

"Thou hast not permitted me to speak to those with whom I have been accustomed to advise,"she said.

"What wonder is it that I am hardened and perverse in my course toward thee, my brother?""Dost thou see the folly of it now, Marcia?"he eagerly inquired.

"Mine eyes have been newly opened in the past few days,"she replied.

"The gods be praised for that!"he joyfully exclaimed.

"I am willing to show thee all favors in the hope that thou wilt see the errors thou hast committed.

Thy slave shall be sent to thee without delay.

Farewell my sister.

When I next see thee, I hope to find a sister in very deed.

Vale."He departed from the house, first sending to Marcia her attendant, a young woman of great beauty and ample education, who was more of a companion than a slave to her mistress.

His strict injunction to her was to keep Marcia in continued seclusion.

"I have an important mission to perform,"said he.

"I speak of it to thee but I would not have thee breathe it to another.

To-morrow is the day of the execution.

Her lover shall die.

I shall be his executioner.

Of this I do not desire her to hear until it is over.

I speak of it to thee, that thou mayest know the necessity of silence on thy part.

Farewell, and be cautious."No doubt Decius would not have been so willing to trust his secret to anyone having communication with Marcia, had he not been rendered incautious by her apparent change of feeling.

The slave promised secrecy, and Decius departed to perform his terrible office.

Marcia was positive from the mysterious actions of her brother during their interview, that something of an important character would soon transpire, and she assumed the air which gave him so much hope, for the purpose of becoming informed of further developments.

She was determined to go to any length, in reason, to save her lover from his impending doom.

As she was reflecting upon a method of procedure, she was overjoyed at seeing her attendant.

"Ah Julia!"she exclaime*d, "I have longed for many weeks to see thee.

Why hast thou not come sooner?""My master forbade,"she answered respectfully.

"And why should he forbid me this pleasure?

If he desires me to acquiesce in his views concerning my duty, why does he not counsel me in love and persuade me with gentleness?

Tulia, dost

53« M.\U( l.\.

thou approve of his course toward me?""Ask not me, my l.ulv,".mswered lull. i, I am but a slave, and slaves mihl approve of any cours< tli< ir mastafl may take""Outwardly, yet.

Hut slaves have li'.uts, and thine, I know, is a tender one.

And in thy heart, Julia—

"Of that I dare not speak, even to thee.""Only think of it a moment, my dear Julia.

I have been a prisoner here for weeks.

Taken from my lover but a few hours after he had plighted his troth to me, I was placed here, where I am not permitted to hear from him but through his bitterest enemy.

He has been condemned to death.

This day, this hour, may witness his execution, and I may not see him or share his fate.

O Julia, my heart will break, my heart will break!"The poor girl, entirely overcome by her emotion, burst into bitter tears.

Julia took her in her arms and endeavored to assuage her grief, but she could not be comforted.

At length she mastered herself sufficiently to be able to speak.

"Julia, if thou wert in my place, thy life's happiness wrecked, thy prospects blighted, thy dearest friend doomed to death, wouldst thou consider her a friend who, having the power, refused to aid thee?""Do not tempt me, my dear mistress!"

Julia exclaimed in an agony of sympathy and dread.

"I have given my word to my master.

The slave at the door will permit thee to go only upon my giving permission.

Wouldst thou have me break my word?""If thy word stands between- an innocent man and escape from a terrible death, it should be broken!""But how canst thou aid him if thou art allowed to go?""Did love ever fail in its mission of mercy to the loved one? Ah, Julia, never had maid(so much power over mistress!

Never did mistress so need mercy from slave!

As I have been merciful to thee, so shouldst thou extend mercy to me!"

Julia wept in bitterness and anguish.

Overcome by the pathos of Mama's ppeal, she could no longer resist.

She st< pped to tin- door and bade me depart He obeyed with alacrity, as the preparations for the approaching < -x< tions wen of absorbing interest to him.

".May the true God bleu th<-e, Julia,"said Marcia, with fervent gratitude.

"No harm shall come to thee through thy goodness toward me Thou shalt yet DC happily wedded, and God in His mercy will show thee the better way "of life, and thou wilt walk therein to its glorious termination."She clasped her attendant in her arms and then stepped gladly forth into the air of liberty.

It was late in the afternoon.

She felt that no time should be lost in carrying out her hastily formed and hazardous plan.

Julia hesitatingly told her of the time of the execution.

She went to her room.

Throwing herself on her knees, she offered a fervent prayer to God for assistance and light.

She arose and donned over her regular costume a black robe with a peculiar hood, or cowl, such a robe as Pagan priests wore while passing around upon their visits among the people.

She drew the hood over her face, and sallied out upon the street.

She had heard in which prison her lover was incarcerated, and thither she took her course.

Night had fallen, and the moon was rising.

The walk was long, and in her anxiety to see her Claudius, she walked rapidly.

But it seemed so pleasant to feel herself again at liberty, that she felt scarcely conscious of her exertion.

The buoyancy of her spirits increased with her invigorating walk, and with her near approach to the cell of her lover new hopes arose within her, and a future of happiness glowed before her imagination.

She reached the prison.

The guard met her at the door and demanded her business.

Assuming as deep and grufi a voice as she could command she told him that she desired to see a Christian prisoner, Claudius by name, in the hope of bringing him back to an acknowledgment of the gods of the Romans, and to allegiance to the emperor.

This explanation, added to her disguise, dis-

MAR CIA.

armed him of suspicion, and he directed her to the cell of Claudius.

She dared not trust herself to look at her lover until, at her request, the guard withdrew, for fear of betraying by a sign or move, her identity.

When she entered, Claudius was reclining on his rude bed, the utmost dejection manifested on his countenance.

He arose as the guard withdrew, and asked her business with him.

She startled violently at sight of his haggard face, and then throwing off her disguise, ran toward him.

"Marcia! My own! my darling!"he cried in ecstasy, clasping her in his arms and showering kisses upon her lips.

For some moments neither was capable of sufficient self-control to speak. Marcia was the first to break the blissful silence:

"Claudius, we must not remain long together.

I have a plan for thine escape.

Follow my directions, and thou art sure of liberty.

Take this cloak, fold thyself in it, and saying no word unless accosted, and then imitating the voice in which I now speak, pass out of the prison and flee to Ostia.

"But Marcia, what will thou do?""Remain here,"she answered proudly.

"I cannot consent that thou shouldst lose thy life.""Listen, Claudius,"she said with great earnestness.

"To-morrow night is the time for thine execution.

Decius is to be thine executioner.

I will be led forth, and when he recognizes me his arm will lose its power, and his mind its cunning.

I shall be able then to escape and join thee at Ostia.

If I am not with thee on the day after to-morrow, thou mayest know that I have been detained, or have met a martyr's fate.

Then do as thy judgment and thy love will dictate.""Marcia, thou art an angel!"exclaimed the young man with great fervency.

"Farewell, my darling.

God will protect thee and avenge our wrongs."They heard the guard returning. A hearty embrace, and then Claudius wrapped himself in his cloak, and Marcia lay down on the pallet, half concealing herself with its covering.

As Claudius and the guard passed out, the latter carelessly asked what success had attended his priestly labors.

"He is obstinate,"answered Claudius.

"His approaching fate does not move him.""Homo miserus, poor fellow!"said the guard.

"Thou art right,"said Claudius.

"Vale.""Farewell,"answered the guard, as he turned to his labors.

Claudius passed into the street, a free man.

chapter x.

THE EXECUTION.

The night of the execution arrived.

One by one the prisoners were led out to their fate, each being ignorant of the manner of his approaching end, or the death of any of his associates.

But a special few were chosen to meet death at that time.

Claudius was one of these.

Others, and with them the\ioble Apostle, were reserved for a later fate.

At length Decius came to the cell of Claudius.

"Thy time has come,"he sullenly said.

"I have asked to be thine executioner, in the hope that I might convince thee of the folly of thy course.

If not this, perhaps the offering up of thy life at the hands of a friend may be taken by the gods as a sufficient atonement for the wrong thou hast done to that friend's sister."The glare of the torch in the hands of

Decius was so unsteady as not to reveal to him the outlines of Marcia 's face, which she kept half averted and partly concealed from him.

All her self-control had to be called to her assistance, to prevent her from showing her identity by outward signs of the strong emotions she felt.

Decius continued: "I have already told thee the conditions on which thou mayest escape thy fearful doom.

Thine oath of allegiance to the emperor, and faithful* ness to the gods, shall absolve thee from the misdeeds of the past, and open thy way for great preferment before the emperor.

He has already marked thee.

Thy cool courage and calm devotion, even in a wrong cause, have given him an exalted opinion of thy value to him, if thou wilt devote thyself to his service.

54© MARCIA.

He knows tli.it my sister is Mindly followIng thee ill thii rahmtw coarse, end tii.it thy death will cause Iht the deepest pain possibly it will drive 1ktiii.u1.

Hui om MTOrd from thee, -i word of submission to the decrees of the emperor and the will

Of the {Ode, this is.ill rli.it is necessary to Change the gloom of the present prospect into brightness and hope.

Wilt thou not speak that word, my dear friend."I hiring the utterance of these words the two had emerged from the prison, and were pursuing their course toward the place of execution.

Marcia dared not trust herself to speak in answer to the question of Decius, but after walking for a short time apparently in deep thought, she shook her head.

Then the old demoniacal look came into the eyes of Decius, and he began pronouncing curses upon his friend for his obdurate course.

'Not only thy life, but the life of my sister, will be required at thy hands!"he exclaimed bitterly. "And when thou art enduring the tortures to which Pluto will subject the shades of those who do evil, then wilt thou remember the words of him who would have saved thee from this terrible fate.

My sister shall be rescued from the doom thou hast merited, and with thee dead, it may yet be possible to convince her of thy deception and her error."By this time they had reached the place of execution.

It was an open space, with a well-paved road running through it.

On both sides of this road were holes some three feet in depth, and about four rods apart.

Around each of these holes was a little group of persons watching, with apparent inteYest, the proceedings.

A smell of tar permeated the atmosphere, and the shrieks of those who had become apprised of the mode of execution, proved that all these agencies were to combine to make the death of the unfortunates most painful.

Already had preparations been made for the execution of a great number of the victims.

Decius turned to Marcia and said:

"Thou shall be stripped and planted in this hole.

The portion of thy body still above ground shall be smeared with pitch, and if thou hast refused to serve the emperor in thy Die, thou sli.ilt light his Chariot Si thy death!"As Dodos spoke thus with almost Sendish delight, Man u felt that the time bad < OHM to reveal her identity to him.

"I > < ins,"ibe s.iid, ssanming the vofc e of Claudius, "I am prepared even for the terrible death whii h threatens me.

The shrieks ol my helpless companions will not in the least unnerve me.

My faith in my Redeemer is strengthened by the fact that I am permitted to dfe for His sake.

I only wish that thou Brightest enjoy so blessed and so glorious a fate as this.

Farewell.

Remember that the Christian can die a death of terror, and still calmly outface the pagan!"

As she proceeded, her voice gradually changed, until at the end of her utterance she spoke in her natural tone.

Decius regarded her intently.

She threw of!

her disguise and turned her face toward him.

"Marcia!"he shrieked in agony and superstitious terror.

He clutched wildly at the atmosphere, reeled, and fell! The spectators crowded around him.

"The gods have stricken him!"they cried in chorus.

In the excitement Marcia walked away unnoticed, and soon reached her home.

Thither Decius was carried.

Of them we must speak later.

We turn our sorrowful eyes to the scene of the agonizing death.

There, with bodies half buried in the earth and half besmeared with pitch, the faithful sons of God,—aye, and some of his daughters, writhed in agony, some mute, others shrieking with pain, while the cruel flames encircled them and burned into their flesh.

The terrible scene was illuminated by the ghastly glare of the human torches; and to complete its terror, the Emperor of Rome,

Nero, the libertine and the assassin, drove his chariot of gold along the paved road, shouting in fiendish glee and deriding the cruel suffering of his wretched victims!

CHAPTER XI.

IN CONCLUSION.

Decius was unconscious when those bearing him reached his home.

In this condition he remained during the night.

MAR CIA.

his sister watching assiduously at his bedside. When morning came his consciousness returned, but it was apparent that his death was approaching.

The terrible mental strain of the few previous weeks had reduced his nervous system to such a state of weakness that the shock of seeing his sister in the place of Claudius was too sudden and severe for him to endure.

"Where is Claudius?"he asked when his senses returned and he saw Marcia watching by his bedside.

"He has escaped from the city,''she answered.

"Where has he gone?"he asked.

"Nay,"he cried, as she hesitated, "Do not fear to tell me.

I would not bring harm to him for all the wealth of the world.

I understand now thy devotion to him and his to thee.

I realize the terrible errors of my own life.

While I was in an unconscious condition, a dream was given me, in which I have seen and understood the truth.

Marcia, I crave thy forgiveness, I must see Claudius and ask his pardon before I die, for death is coming to me.

Send for him, my dear sister.

No harm shall befall him."Marcia hastily wrote a letter to Claudius and sent it by a trusted slave.

"Thy Marcia is safe and sends greeting.

She wishes thee to come to her at once."

This letter was dispatched to Claudius at Ostia, and Decius and Marcia impatiently awaited his arrival, the former growing continually weaker.

But a few hours had elapsed when Claudius entered the room.

He started at the ghastly paleness of Decius'face.

He advanced to Marcia, and, pressing her hand to his lips, thanked her most heartily for her instrumentality in saving his life.

He then advanced to the bed.

"Decius,"he sorrowfully said, "I am grieved to see thee in this condition.

How has it been brought about?"Realizing her brother's weakness, Marcia briefly related the events told in the preceding chapter.. When he had finished, Decius beckoned them both to his bedside.

He took Marcia's hand and placed it in that of Claudius His voice was very faint and tremulous as he said:

"Thus do 1 make late amends to you for the pain and sorrow I have caused you.

Would that I might thus easily make amends to an offended God! But the seal of his condemnation is upon me, and I feel that it can not be removed from my soul.

I am cut off in the very heyday of my sins, and my repentance is too late to be of avail!"Claudius bent over him and expounded to him the doctrine of the redemption of the dead, promising the exercise of the necessary labors in his behalf.

With gratitude and newly discovered hope shining from his eyes, he passed peacefully into the great beyond.

Our story approaches its end.

It now remains for us to refer briefly to the later history of the people whose acquaintance we have formed.

The bitter persecution of the Christians continued.

From time to time, others of that faith unflinchingly offered up their lives on the bloody altar of persecution.

Some of them died on the cross, others by fire, and others by beheading.

Of the last class was the noble Apostle, who, some two years after the death of Decius, reached the end ot his eventful life.

To escape these persecutions, Claudius and Marcia, who were married shortly after the death of her brother, were forced to flee to Greece, taking Julia with them.

She became converted to the new faith, and, meeting a young man of noble qualities, was happily married.

The remorseful life and final suicide of Nero are known to all As for Claudius and Marcia, their life was one of continuous happiness.

The trials through which they had passed, had disciplined them to such an extent that they were prepared to enjoy all the favorable circumstances attending them in their subsequent lives; and even after the Christian faith became corrupted by admixture with the pagan, hundreds of its adherents held in sacred remembrance the name of the heroine, the consistent follower of Christ, the exemplary wife and mother, the noble Marcia.

» The End.

CHURCH

EMIGRATION.

\ V detaii n i moi i u ••

iccount, iSss* SSVSNTI NIMTHO >mpan\—A'ix:.\ souls.

The l'n sid.

ii. y of the British Mission tt Liverpool, according to the suggestion of the First Presidency of the

Church, had an.m.

to ship tinlast company of Saints for the year [854 to New Orleans by December 1st; therefore the Scandinavian Saints left Copenhagen,

Denmark, in the latter part of November, in order that they might ajrive in Liverpool to sail on the Helios which had been engaged for their passage.

But the storms on the German Ocean prevented them from arriving at the appointed time, and the brethren in Liverpool finding it impossible to detain the Helios so long, succeeded in nearly filling her with other passengers—Saints from the British Mission.

After this was accomplished, and while at anchor in the river, the Helios parted her cable and stranded, receiving such injuries that she had to go into the dry docks for repairs, which required that her cargo should be discharged, and all passengers disembarked.

During the month of December the westerly and northerly winds were blowing almost incessantly, and much of the time a furious gale, all of which prevented the contemplated emigration via New Orleans to get off by the first of December but in due course of time the emigrants who had disembarked from the Helios had passages secured for them on the ships Rockaiuay, Neva, and Charles Buck.

On the sixth ot January, 1855, the ship

Rocka:cay sailed from Liverpool, England, with twenty-four of the Saints on board, under the presidency of Samuel Glasgow.

After a safe voyage the emigrants landed in New Orleans, February 28th, and the next day (March 1st), started up the Mississippi River on the steamboat

Saranak, all the company going together, with the exception of two, who for the lack of means remained in New Orleans.

The river journey to St.

Louis, Missouri, lasted sixteen days.

On the evening ff March nth, the boat ran upon a snag, about sixty-five miles below Cairo, and in order to get clear, it became necessary to discharge the greater portion of the cargo, and then put it l>a< k again.

This gave the brethren an opportunity to get work when they landed in St. Louis until the journey arai Iflimiwl and thereby they were enabled to earn a little money.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

XVII, pp. 72, 271, 490.) Ki1.11 tiki Company.—Jawies mil/t, souls.

On the twenty-third, twenty-fourth, and twenty-seventh of November, 1854, about five hundred Scandinavian Saints sailed from Copenhagen,

Denmark, on board the steamships Slesvijr, Ciinbria and ('.riser, under direction of Elders Peter O. Hansen and

Eric G. M. Hogan.

The two smaller companies, which embarked in the Slesvig and Geiscr, traveled by way of Kiel,

Hamburg and Hull to Liverpool. England, where, after successful trips, they arrived on the twenty-seventh of November, and the seventh of December, respectively.

The larger company, of nearly three hundred souls, under the presidency of Peter O.

Hansen, left Copenhagen, in the Cimbria, on the twenty-fourth of November, all the emigrants being in good health and excellent spirits.

They had an exceedingly rough passage over the German Ocean.

At ten o'clock on the morning of the twenty-fifth, the Cimbria arrived at Frederikshavn, on the east coast of Jut.

land (Jylland), where one hundred and forty nine more emigrants from the Aalborg and Vendsyssel conferences came on board.

With these additional passengers the voyage was continued on the morning of the twenty-sixth.

The prospects were fair till about two o'clock the morning of the twenty-seventh, when the wind turned south-west, and began to blow so heavily that the captain, who appeared to be an experienced sailor and very cautious, deemed it necessary to turn back and seek the nearest harbor in

Norway.

Consequently the course was changed, and about four o'clock in the afternoon, the Cimbria put into the port of Mandal, which is an excellent natural harbor, surrounded by very high and

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

steep granite cliffs.

This romantic place and its surroundings were as much of a curiosity to the Danish emigrants as a ship load of "Mormons"were to the people of Mandal.

In this harbor the emigrants tarried for several days, while the wind outside spent its fury on the troubled sea.

Some of the Saints went ashore to lodge;

they found the inhabitants of Mandal very hospitable, and by request some of the brethren preached several times to the people on shore.

The result of this was that some of the inhabitants subsequently embraced the Gospel.

On the morning of December 7th, when the weather seemed to be more favorable, the Cimbria again put to sea, and steamed off towards England once more;

but the captain and all on board soon learned that the change in the weather was only a lull preceding a more violent outburst of a long winter storm. Toward midnight of the seventh, the wind changed to a most terrific storm, which increased in violence till it shattered the ship's bulwarks, and broke a number of boxes.

About two o'clock on the morning of the eighth, the captain decided to turn back to Mandal, but as the wind, waves, and strong current rendered it very dangerous to turn the vessel in the direction of Norway, it was deemed necessary to go clear back to Frederikshavn, where the ship arrived on the ninth, about four p.m.

By this time the emigrants were suffering severely, but with the exception of two or three individuals who decided to remain behind, the Saints bore their hardships with great fortitude and patience.

While laying weatherbound inFrederickshavn, most of the emigrants went on shore to refresh and rest themselves after their rough experience; and whj/e waiting for the weather and wind to change in their favor a number of meetings were held which made a goqd impression upon the people of that seaport town, who hitherto had been unwilling to listen to the preaching of "Mormonism."On the twentieth of December the weather moderated, and the captain made a third attempt to reach England By this time the emigrants were rested and in good spirits, but in the night, between the twenty-first and twenty-second, a storm worse than any of the preceding ones arose, threatening the ship and all on board with utter destruction.

For many hours the noble Cimbra fought her way against the raging elements, but was at length compelled to change her course, and for the third time the company was turned back.

The captain and crew now began to feel discouraged, but most of the Saints continued cheerful and thanked the Lord for their preservation.

About two o'clock in the afternoon of the twenty-second, the wind suddenly changed to the north, and the captain immediately steered for Hull again, amid the rejoicings of the Saints, and on the twentyfourth, about noon, the ship anchored safely in the H umber.

On the following day the emigrants continued the journey by rail from Hull to Liverpool, where they joined the two smaller companies which had left Copenhagen about the same time as the Cimbria, and had waited for the arrival of the latter several weeks.

The Presidency in Liverpool, as previously stated, chartered the ship Helios to take the Scandinavian emigration to New Orleans, but the company being detained so long on account of the storms, the Helios had been filled with other passengers, and the James Nesmith.

Captain Mills, was secured for the transportation of the Scandinavians.

Consequently, on January 7th, 1855, four hundred and forty (or four hundred and fortyone

Saints), all from Scandinavia, except one, sailed from Liverpool, England, on board the last named ship, bound for New Orleans.

On the eighteenth of February the ship arrived at the mouth of the Mississippi River, after a prosperous voyage, during which, however, thirteen deaths occurred.

At New Orleans, where the company landed on the twenty -third, most of the emigrants went on board the large steamboat, Oceana, and sailed from New Orleans on the twenty-fourth.

On the journey up the Mississippi River, seven of the Saints died, and on the seventh of March the

(Hi Kill EMIGRA TION.

1 cnpany.in ived.it si.

i >m>.

i roan th.it city, tboal one hundred end fifty of dM Si •.iiiiliii.ivi.m S. lints continued the journey on tintenth ol March for Weeton, Missouri, with tinintention of remaining somewhere in tli.it Ml lion of the country, until they OOUld obtain nie.uis to go through to the Valley; rod one hundred andseventy-five,under theleadership oi i'.

>. Hansen, left St.

Louis on the twelfth, by the steamboat Clara, for Atchison, Kansas, but owing to low water in the river, they were compelled to land in Leavenworth^ where they tarried until the company led by Elder rlogan arrived.

During the stay in Leavenworth, about twenty of the emigrants died, and after selecting a new camping place, cholera broke out in the company and caused nine more deaths.

In the latter part of May the emigrants removed to Mormon Grove, situated about five miles west of Atchison, which place had been selected as the outfitting point for the emigrants who crossed the plains in 1855. They arrived at this point

May 22nd.

Millennial Star, Vol. XY1I, pp.

72, 221, 270, 290: Deserei News of July 18th, 1855; and MorgenslJertien,Vo\.

II, page 270.

Eighty-first Company—Neva, souls.

The ship Neva, sailed from Liverpool, England, on the ninth of January, 1855, having on board thirteen Saints, under the Presidency of Elder Thomas Jackson, and these Saints, as well as those who sailed on the I\oekaway, were transferred from the Helios.

On the twenty-second of February the Neva arrived safely at the port of New Orleans, where Brother James McGaw, as Church Emigration agent, received the thirteen brethren, of whom twelve were reshipped to St.

Louis and one to Cincinnati.

Those going to St. Louis arrived in that city in the beginning of March.

{Millennial Star, Vol. XVII, pp. 73, 221, 233. 490.) Eighty-second Company—Charles Huek, 403 souls.

On the seventeenth of January, the clipper ship Charles JUick, Captain Smalley, sailed from Liverpool, England, with four hundred and three souls on board including the remainder (about levent) I oi the Scandiaaviafl •migrauon for the season, in < barge oi Elder Brli <>. M rlogan, and the renaindef of the British Saints who had \.< M n shipped from the HiHos, the whole under the presidency of Elder Rk hard Italiantyne.who had recently arrived m England from his mission to Hindostan.

The emigrants, who sailed on the Ckarlu Huck, were somewhat depp in spirits, because of their lone detention in Liverpool; and by living in unhealthy places as well as on scanty diet, their general health had become somewhat impaired.

When they came on board sea sickness also prostrated many, but through the blessings of the Lord attending the ordinance of the laying on of hands, and annointing with oil, together with such medicines as tlie spirit of wisdom dictated the brethren to administer, the sick were raised to health, and only three children died during the voyage.

One of these was a boy, seven years old, who got entangled in the ropes of the ship, about a week after sailing from Liverpool, and was thrown overboard and drowned.

One birth also occurred on board. The voyage throughout was prosperous;

the winds being light and the sea calm.

In consequence of head winds after leaving the Irish Channel, the ship took a more easterly course than usual, and came in sight of the Cape de Verde Islands on the tenth of February.

A favorable wind then brought her to the Islands of Guadaloupe and Antigua on the twentyseventh.

The English part of this company who had been shipped on board the Helios at Liverpool by President F.

D.

Richards, had been provided for on an unusually comfortable and liberal scale on that ship but when finally reshipped on the Charles Buck, the excellent provisions furnished by President Richards were withheld from them, and in their stead some raw oatmeal, coarse biscuit and a little rice and flour were furnished; and even of these articles a sufficient quantity was not shipped, so that the passengeis, after beinu out six weeks, were placed on short allow-

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

ance of provisions.

This was about two weeks before their arrival in New Orleans.

For several days many of the Saints had nothing to eat but oatmeal cakes or porridge, and for three days only two quarts of water was served out to each passenger.

Notwithstanding these unpleasant circumstances, the emigrants manifested an unusual measure of cheerfulness and patience. Whatever sickness and debility they suffered was chiefly occasioned through the want of something nutritious and desirable to eat.

About the fourteenth of March, 1855, the Charles Buck arrived at New Orleans from which city the emigrants continued the journey up the Mississippi River on the sixteenth, on board the fine steamer Michigan.

Through the exertions and proferred help of Elder McGaw, the Church emigration agent at New Orleans, together with the liberal contributions of those Saints who had a few shillings to spare, the whole company were taken along.

Had it not been for this, a number of the Saints would have stopped at New Orleans to earn means, wherewith to pay their passage to

St. Louis or Cincinnati, later on.

The fare from New Orleans to St.

Louis was three dollars and a half for each adult passenger;

children under fourteen and over one year, half price.

The captain of the Michigan behaved very badly toward the

Saints.

As the boat left the wharf in New Orleans, John Eccleson fell overboard and was drowned.

Four children died on the way to St. Louis. A Danish brother by the name of Nordberg fell overboard the morning before arriving at St. Louis and perished.

On the twenty-seventh of March the company arrived at St.

Louis, from whence one hundred and ninety-one Saints reembarked on the third of April, in charge of Elder Richard Ballantyne, who was instructed to land at Atchison, and take charge of all P.

E. Fund passengers who would be shipped to that place.

Forty of the Danish Saints under the presidency of Elder Hogan, left St. Louis for the same destination on the thirty-first of March, and joined P.

O.

Hansen's company a few days later in Leavenworth;

and thence subsequently traveled to Mormon Grove, near Atchison.

In consequence ot the rivers being low, boats were scarce, and fares very high, and it was with considerable difficulty that the brethren at St.

Louis succeeded in shipping the company to Atchison.

The unprecedented rush of people to Kansas and Nebraska also materially increased the rate of fares and the difficulty of shipping to the upper county.

{Millennial Star, Vol. XVIL pp.

73, 202.

.267, 300, 315, 490; Deseret News of June 13, 1S55.) Eighty-third Company—Isaac Jeans, 16 souls.

Elders George C.

Riser and Jacob F.

Secrist, with a small company of German Saints from Hamburg, and one English (sixteen souls in all) sailed from Liverpool on board the ship Isaac

Jeans, February 3rd, 1855.

The company had a very agreeable voyage, with the exception of one storm in which a sailor was washed overboard and lost.

On Monday morning, March 5th, 1855, the Isaac Jeans arrived at Philadelphia, aftt-r a passage of thirty days. From Philadelphia the journey was continued on the eighth to Cincinnati, Ohio, where they arrived on the twelfth.

The brethren secured temporary employment with some difficulty;

and they found that wages were not so high at Cincinnati as in St. Louis and vicinity. {Millennial Star

Vol. XVII, pp. 112, 238, 426, 490.)

Eighty-fourth Company.—Siddons, 430 souls.

February 27th, 1855, the ship,

Siddons, Captain Taylor, sailed from Liverpool, England, for Philadelphia, having on board four hundred and thirty Saints, of whom one hundred and ninety-seven intended going through to the Valley that season, ninetyseven being P. E. Fund emigrants.

The company was placed under the presidency of Elder John S. Fullmer, assisted by Isaac Allred and James Pace.

With the exception of the few Germans who sailed in the Isaac Jeans, this was. the first ship load of Saints which was sent out by the Presidency at Liverpool, via Philadelphia.

The names of all the passengers were published in the Deseret

M"I II h'(ii EMIGRATIO "i |une aoth, 1855.

Alter iii-- >t ii >.

1 %- arrived in Philadelphia, on the twentieth ol

April, and from tli.it city the emigrants traveled by rail t<> Pittsburg, where arrangemeoti were made for tin-ir tranaportation by steam boal down the < )bio and Miaaiaaippi rivers to St. Louis, Missouri.

This rivet passage cost three doll. irs for each adult passenger, children half-price;

thirty-five cents was paid for every one hundred pounds of extra luggage.

The company arrived in St. Louis May;th, after a pleasant passage.

An infant which was horn on board the Siddotis died on the river journey.

On the day of arrival in St. Louis, most of the luggage belonging to the company was reshipped on the Polar Star, and on the eighth, one hundred and fifty of the company embarked on that steamer for Atchison, under the presidency of Elders Parson and Ferguson.

On Thursday, June 21st, lS55. John S. Fullmer left St. Louis with another company, on board the steamer

F. X..luo,y.

{Millennial Siar y Xo\. XVII, pp.

171, 201, 378, 458, 490; Deseret News of June 20th and August 8th, 1855

Eighty-fifth Company.—Juventa, 573 souls.

The ship Juvctita sailed from Liverpool, England, for Philadelphia, on Saturday, March 31st, 1855, with five hundred and seventy-three Saints on board, under the presidency of Elder William Glover. Elders Benjamin Brown,

Sylvester H.

Earl, EHas Gardner, Charles Smith, William Pitt, John Mayer, Noah Y. Guyman and Joseph Hall, who had all labored as missionaries in the British Isles, also embarked for America in this vessel, together with Elder George

Mayer, who was in charge of a company of Saints from Switzerland;

and Elder James F.

Bell, late president of the Malta

Mission, in charge of a small number of Saints from Piedmont, in Italy.

The voyage of the Juventa was a most prosperous one;

no sickness, except seasickness, and a few cases of measles among the children, occurred among the passengers, and not one of the large number of emigrants lound a watery grave.

A child was born while a storm raged on the bosom of the deep, and the little named Invent. 1, after the ship.

On the fourth ol May the vessel 1 ast anchor oil < \«pi md on the fifth w.i. tagged up the I River to Philadelphia, < >n Tuesday the eighth, the emigrants continued by r.iil to Pittsburg, from which city about two hundp <l of the company proceeded down the rivers on the steamboat Efuimox, to St.

Louis, Missouri, where they arrived on the Seventeenth of March, forty-six days after leaving Liverpool.

About one hundred and fifty of the emigrants came from

Pittsburg to St. Louis, by the steamboat Washington i'tty.

The /u/uiuov continued up the Missouri River to Atchison, where she landed her passengers on the twenty-eighth of May.

After arriving in Atchison, the company was attacked with sickness, and a number died, among them Elder Bell, who had presided over the Malta Mission.

The successful and quick journey made by the Juventa company, gave the new route, by way of Philadelphia, great prestige.

As demonstrative evidence of the superior advantages of the route, Elder Glover remarked that he had three more in his company and fifty dollars more in his pocket on arriving in America than when he started from Liverpool.

Thus both lives and time were saved, and the New Orleans route was discarded by the

Saints never to be used by them afterwards.

{Millennial Star, Vol. XVII, pp.

233> 375. 49°; Deseret Neics of August 8th, 1855.) Eighty-sixth Company—ChimbVrazo souls.

The ship Chimborazo, captain Vesper, cleared from the port at Liverpool on the seventeenth of April, 1855, with four hundred and thirty-one souls on board, bound for Philadelphia;

one hundred and ninty-five of the passengers were P.

E.

Fund emigrants.

There were seventy Saints from the Channel

Islands mission and about two hnndred from Wales;

the remainder were from the London, Kent, Essex and Reading conferences.

Elder Edward Stevenson, who had presided over the Gibraltar mission, was appointed president of the company, assisted by Andrew L.

Lamoreaux, President of the

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

French mission, and Thomas E.

Jeremy, who had acted as Counselor in the Presidency of the Church in Wales.

After a pleasant and successful passage the Chimborazo arrived in the mouth of the Deleware River on the eighteenth ot

May. Two infants died on board, one of them through injuries sustained by an accidental fall from the hatchway;

one child was born, three marriages were solemnized and four baptisms took place on board; four more applied for baptism on the arrival at Philadelphia, where the ship cast anchor on the twenty- second of

May.

Between two and three hundred of the emigrants continued the journey to St.

Louis by way of Pittsburg, while the remainder found temporary employment in Philadelphia and vicinity.

Those who continued to St Louis where overtaken in

Pittsburg by the emigrants who crossed in the Samuel Curling, and on board the excellent and ^commodious steamboat Amazon, under the presidency of Elder Edward Stevenson, the two companies, numbering nearly six hundred souls, proceeded down the rivers to St. Louis, where they arrived on Saturday night, June 2nd.

Two days later on the fourth of June, about one hundred and forty passengers, including about eighty P.

E.

Fund emigrants, sailed from St.

Louis for Atchison on board the steamboat Ben Bolt, in charge of Elder Edward Stevenson.

And on Friday, June Sth, about three hundred passengers, the majority being P.

E.

Fund emigrants, sailed from the same place for Atchison, on board the Amazon, in charge of Elder Israel Barlow.

About three hundred others of the emigrants who had crossed the Atlantic m the Chimborazo and Samuel Curling remained in St.

Louis, awaiting orders from the P. E. Fund Company agents, in regard to their further progress.

Nearly two hundred of them went into camp a short distance from the city in a fine open country and in a healthy location, where they lived in tents about two weeks, not knowing for some time whether they would be sent through to the Valley that season or not.

When it was finally announced that they could embark, they were perfectly delighted, and went on board the steamer Ben Bolt, which sailed from St. Louis for Atchison on the nineteenth of June, under the presidency of Elder Francis St. George.

{Millennial Star, Vol. XVII, pp. 267, 397, 399, 459, 461, 490; Deseret News of August 8th, 1855.) Eighty seventh Company.—Samuel

Curling, 581 souls. On the twenty-second of April, 1855, the ship, Samuel Curling, sailed from Liverpool with five hundred and eighty-one Saints on board, of whom three hundred and eighty-five were P. E.

Fund emigrants, all under the presidency of Elder Israel Barlow, who had acted as pastor of the Birmingham and Warwickshire conferences.

William Willis, on his return from a mission to India, and other prominent Elders embarked on the Samuel Curling, which, after a safe and pleasant passage, arrived in New York on Tuesday, the twenty-second of May.

During the voyage three children were born, and as there were no deaths on board the net increase was that number.

Elder Peter Reid, who emigrated to America as a passenger in the Samuel Curling, in 1855, and who now resides in the Sixteenth Ward, Salt Lake City, told the writer some time ago that the ship encountered several storms in her passage across the Atlantic, but that she passed safely through them all.

In the midst of one of these storms the captain got somewhat disheartened, and declared to

Brother Barlow, the President of the company of emigrants, that he, in his long experience as a seafaring man, had never encountered a worse one; he then added that the tempest had not reached its highest point yet, but that the next half hour would be worse still.

Brother Barlow, in reply, told the captain that the storm was nearly over, and would not increase in violence. This bold remark of Brother

Barlow made the captain angry, as he thought he knew more about the weather and the sea than anyone else on board;

but on going into his cabin to examine his barometer and other nautical instruments, he found that Brother Barlow was right;

the storm abated almost im-

M« ( m k< ll EMIGRATION.

mediately.

Eldei Barlow afterwards told some cil the S. lint-, tli.it while tin- storm irai raging be taw the ship lurrounded by scores "i sngeJs, who stood in,i circle around it with joined hands This w.is,i testimony to the S. tints tli.it the Lord w.is watching over the ship, and th.it there w.is no danger.

Most of the pssSfngers left New York en route for the

Valley on the twenty-fourth, going by steamboat via Am boy to Philadelphia, where the emigrants were placed on the railway train, and left Philadelphia Friday the 25th, about noon, arriving in Pittsburg on the morning of the twentyseventh, (Sunday.

I The same day the P.E.

Fund emigrants of the Sdmmel t \trling joined the like passengers who had crossed the Atlantic in the Chimborazo, and on the steamship AmfUton they continued the journey to St.

Louis, whence they proceeded to Atchison, Kansas.

Some of the Samuel Curling passengers remained in New York for the purpose of earning means to continue the journey to Utah.

(Millennial Slar, Vol. XYII, pp.

280, 397, 399, 423, 424, 459, 46i, 490) Eighty-Eighth Company.—William

Stetson, 293 souls.

On the twenty-sixth of April, 1855, the ship William Stetson cleared from the port of Liverpool, and sailed for New York with two hundred and ninety-three Saints on board, under the presidency of Elders Aaron Smethurst, Francis Sproul and William Wright.

This was the last company of Saints forwarded under the American Emigration law, and swelled the number of emigrants sent out by the Presidency in Liverpool since November, 1854, to three thousand six hundred and twentysix, of whom one thousand one hundred and twenty seven came out by the P E.

Fund.

It is estimated that alxnit one thousand five hundred of them reached the Valley in 1S55, while the remainder located temporarily in various parts of'the United States in order to obtain means to complete their journey to I tali whenever circumstances would permit.

The nationality of the emigrants was as follows:

English, 2218; Scotch, 401;

Welsh, 2S7;

Irish, 28;

from France and Channel Island*,;s; Panes, 409; Swedes, 71; Norwegians, 53; Swiss, is; Italians is;

Germans', \y, Prussian, 1.

The Wi/lmm Stetson had a fair VO.i'ross the.\tl.uiti<, and arrived.,t New York on the twenty-seventh of May.

Two births and four deaths occurred on board I have no accounts at hand about tin- journey of that company from New Yotl to Atchison.

{Millennial Slar, Vol. Will, pp. 296, 395..406, 600.

Of the large emigration from Europe in i\=o, many were obliged to stop temporarily in St.

Louis and along* the ftontiers, and others in New York, Philadelphia and Cincinnati; but a large number came on to the Valley the same season.

Thus early in the year we find Apostle Erastus Snow who presided over the Saints in St.

Louis and the Western States, and who also superintended emigration matters on the frontiers that year, together with Milo Andrus and other brethren, busily en gaged in making preparations for the overland travel.

On the seventeenth of February, 1855, in company with thirty-five of the passengers who had arrived on the Clara Wheeler, Elder Milo Andrus left St.

Louis to go up the Missouri River as far as Oregon, in Holt County, Missouri.

His special business was to purchase the cattle, make arrangements for provisions, and hunt out a suitable point for rendezvous for the emigration which was to cross the plains that year.

On his way up the river he lectured in the town hall at Brunswick, Missouri, to a large congregation, by request of some of the leading citizens of the place.

Continuing the journey from Brunswick February 2Sth, he arrived in Atchison March 4th, 1855, where he secured the services of a Mr Thomassen as a guide, and started on a short exploring expedition into the country.

Traveling directly west about four and a half miles to the head of Deer

Creek, they found an excellent camping place, with plenty of hickory wood, water, and a splendid range for stock, with 1 good chance to locate claims for farming. This spot was at once selected for a rendezvous and outfitting place for the

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

journey across the plains, and the brethren christened it Mormon Grove.

It was situated in the midst of a high undulating prairie and was well supplied with springs and creeks.

It was four and a half miles west of the Great Bend of the Missouri

River, about half way between Weston and St.

Joseph, Missouri, thirty miles northwest of Fort Leavenworth, fivehundred and seventy-five miles from St.

Louis, and one and a half miles east of the Salt Lake mail road Atchison was the nearest landing place to Mormon

Grove; and here the emigrant companies were todisembarkja good prairie road led from the levee direct to the grove.

Atchison, which is now one of the chief cities in the State of Kansas, was a mere village in 1855, having been settled only the year before.

When the brethren early in 1855, decided to make it the landing place for the Mormon emigration it had only six stores, one hotel, one sawmill and a small number of workshops.

The citizens of the plaqe presented two of their city lots to the Saints for the purpose of erecting stores upon them for their accomodation. The rise and growth of Atchison in 1855, was mainly attributed to the Mormon emigration Later in the season the Utah Merchants were attracted to the place, and made it an outfitting point for all their late trains.

The people of the village manifested a kindly disposition toward the Saints and seemed to be free from that prejudice and hatred which prevailed against them in other parts of the country.

Erastus Snow commenced shipping emigrants from St.

Louis to Mormon Grove early in April, and continued to ship them as they arrived from Europe until July following.

The writer.has endeavored to obtain dates and particulars of the arrival of each company, but has only succeeded in obtaining this information in part:

Friday, April 27, 1855, the steamer Golden State arrived at the wharf at Atchison with a large number of Saints bound for Salt Lake, under the direction of Elder Milo Andrus.

This was the •third detachment that had arrived at Atchison that season.

Almost immediately four or five families moved out to Mormon Grove and commenced putting in early garden seeds on the twenty-eighth of April.

This was done agreeable to the advice of Elders Milo Andrus, Richard Ballantyne and Elder McGaw, who decided in Council that a farm containing one hundred and sixty acres to be known as the P.

E. Fund farm should be fenced, and that the entire farm and its interests should be under the immediate control of the P. E.

Fund company.

This was all accomplished in a remarkably short time; but the majority of the emigrants made a temporary camp immediately back of the village of Atchison. The Squatter Sovereign, a newspaper published in Atchison, in its issue of May 1st, 1855, describes this camp, says:

"The camp of the emigrants just back of town, presents a city-like appearance, their tents leaving streets, alleys, etc., between them.

The health of the emigrants is good, with but little or no sickness among them.

Those who were indisposed when they first landed had regained their accustomed health, and were congratulating themselves on being landed on so healthy a point."

Milo Andrus arrived at Mormon Grove May 1 2th, in charge of five hundred and fifty head of cattle.

At that time there was but little sickness at Mormon Grove, but at Atchison camp four and a half miles away some had died with the cholera.

On the eighth of May, 1855, the same day that the Siddons company left for Atchison, a goodly number of Saints, principally composed of old faithful members of the St. Louis branch, were shipped on the steamer, Golden State, to

Atchison, under the presidency of Elder

John Clegg.

Erastus Snow left St. Louis, Wednesday, May 23rd, for the outfitting place near Atchison, leaving Elder James H.

Hart in charge in St.

Louis.

Before leaving he informed the Saints, who had already arrived from Europe, that the prospects for many of them to cross the plains that season were not favorable, as the means at his disposal were inade-

55o ( /// Kill EMIGRATION.

quata to carry then.ill through.

This I.uis.-d much sorrow and in.mv MM tin- S 11 nis li.nl loudly In >|)ci I to meet their relatives.Hid liiends id the Valley in;i few weeks from that time.

Hut when Elder Daniel Spencer arrived and told them tli.it he had been sent to.1 -siM Brother Snow, and that he hoped to get them all through, it revived their drooping spirits and filled them with new hope.

Apostle Snow arrived in Atchison on the twenty-ninth of May.

He writes:

"After taking a morning nap and breakfasting with Elder McGaw, we surveyed the town (Atchison) and the few tents and detachments of companies still remaining on the old camp-ground just back of the town, and later in the day visited the general encampment at Mormon

Grove—about four miles west which presented the appearance of a city of tents and wagons, beautifully arranged in the open woodland, and covering several undulations.

Our visit was emphatically one of business, but it proved equally one of pleasure.

The lowing of cattle—the din and bustle of camp—and the joyful greetings, were to us what martial music is to the soldier.

Although we had allotted ourselves only three or four days in camp, the great amount of business relating to the P. E. Fund emigration as well as the Danish and other independent companies, which required our personal attention, detained us until the tenth inst.

(June), and then it was with reluctance that we bid them adieu, to return to our duties in the city (St.

Louis) "During Elder Snow's stay at the camp he organized four companies for crossing the plains under Captains Hindley,

Secrist, Blair and Ballantyne.

These numbered in all about one thousand Saints; who mostly belonged to the emigration which had come by way of New Orleans.

Brother Snow also gave his personal attention to the purchasing and receiving of wagons, flour, etc.

While he was thus laboring almost night and day in the interest of the emigrating Saints, his efforts were strengthened by the arrival of Elder

Daniel Spencer direct from England.

Brother Spencer was sent by Apostle Franklin I).

Ki< hards, President of the Britisli Mission, to render Apostle Snow.ill tin:.lid In- ( otild on the lr<.nti-rs.

He s.iil'-'I from Liverpool May 12th.

1855, and finding on his arrival at St. Louis, May V'tli, that Apostle Snow had gone to tin- frontiers, he followed him thither.

"While gradually ascending the long and smooth hill upon which stands a beautiful grove,"writes Elder Daniel Spencer, "I beheld the land in all directions spotted with white tents and wagon covers, the active motion of the Saints, some ploughing, some planting, some driving cattle, reparing wagons, tents, etc., and my mind was called back to the scenes which occurred on our exit from Nauvoo, and the results thereof."

By the united labors of Elders Snow, Spencer, C. A.

Harper and others, additional supplies were obtained on easy terms, and all who had come to the frontiers with the expectation of going to the valley that season, were shipped in a comfortable manner.

Thus in St.

Louis, public notice was given two Sabbaths in succession, previous to the departure of the last Saints from that city for Atchison, that if all the P.

E. Fund emigrants who had come from Europe in 1855, as well as those who crossed the Atlantic in the ship Cicrmanicus the year before, would go on board the boat Saranac the twenty-eighth of July, their passage would be paid through to the Valley.

Accordingly all who wished to do, so availed themselves of the opportunity.

The several emigrant companies left Mormon Grove in the following order:

First company, (independent) Captain John Hindley, consisting of two hundred and six souls, mostly emigrants (from St.

Louis and other parts of the States,) forty-six wagons, two hundred and twenty-six oxen, fifty four cows, fourteen horses and four mules, drew out from the main encampment at Mormon Grove and formed a separate camp on the first of

June, ajid a few days later (June 7th) were on their march for the mountains.

Amongst the returning missionaries in this company were Benjamin Brown and

J. W. Coward.

This company arrived in

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Salt Lake City, on the third of September.

Second company, Captain Jacob F.

Secrist, consisting of three hundred and sixty-eight souls, fifty-one wagons, three hundred and seventeen oxen, one hundred cows and five horses, left the camp near Atchison on the thirteenth of June.

This company included the Danish emigrants and part of the British independent company.

Of returning missionaries there were, besides the captain, Noah Y.

Guyman, Charles Smith, O. U. Dewell, Eric G. M. Hogan and P. O. Hansen.

During the overland journey considerable sickness prevailed among the passengers, and among them was Captain Secrist, who died on Ketchum Creek, between

Kearney and Leavenworth;

his body was placed in a tin coffin and interred on the Blue.

Noah Y. Guyman was appointed captain in his stead.

The train arrived in Salt Lake City, September 7th. 1855.

Third company, independent, Seth M

Blair, captain, consisting of eighty-nine souls, thirty- eight wagons, four hundred and eighty oxen, twenty-one cows, and forty-nine horses, left Mormon Grove on the fifteenth of June.

The passengers included Saints from Texas and some from other parts of the States.

Of returning missionaries there were in this company, besides the captain, J.

M.

Barlow, Geo.

C.

Riser, Sylvester H.

Earl, J. Mayer, O. Tyler and W. Yrost.

After traveling a few miles out on the plains cholera broke out in the camp, and thirty out of the eighty nine -passengers died before they had traveled one hundred miles.

On the twenty-second of June Edward Stevenson succeeded Brother Blair as captain, the latter being very sick.

Brother Stevenson, accompanied by five other brethren, were Sent out from the Grove to assist and travel with the afflicted company.

This train arrived in Salt Lake City, September nth, 1855.

Fourth company, Richard Ballantyne, captain, containing the first division of the P. E. Fund company, and consisting of four hundred and two souls, forty-five wagons, two hundred and twenty oxen, twenty-four cows, three horses and one mule, left the camping ground near Atchison, July 1st, and started out on the plafts on the third.

Besides Captain Ballantyne the following missionaries returned in this company:

William Pitt, William Glover, Isaac Allred, W. Pace, and Thomas E. Jeremy.

This company arrived in Salt Lake City, September 25th.

In passing through the streets of the city the train presented a beautiful appearance, as it wended its way to Union Square, enlivened in its progress with the sweet strains of music by the Nauvoo Brass Band, which went back to the Willow Springs to meet the company and their old captain, William Pitt, who was returning from his mission.

Fifth company, Moses F.

Thurston, captain, consisting of one hundred and thirty four souls, twenty-nine wagons, two hundred and thirty four oxen, twenty-eight cows;

and twelve horses, left Mormon Grove, July 4th, and arrived in Salt Lake City on the twenty eighth of

September Sixth company, C. A. Harper, captain, second division of the P. E. Fund Company, with two hundred and thirty-eight souls, twenty-five wagons, three hundred and four oxen and fifteen cows, and an independent portion with sixty-seven souls, fourteen wagons, one hundred and thirty-six oxen, fifteen cows, one horse and one mule, left Mormon Grove the morning of the twenty-fourth of July, but returned to the grove in the afternoon to take part in the proceedings of the twenty-fourth, which was celebrated in grand style on this occasion, Apostle Erastus Snow, Daniel Spencer and other prominent brethren being present to participate.

The train started out on the plains on the twenty-eighth, and arrived in Salt Lake City on the twenty-ninth of October.

Seventh company, known as the Church Train, Isaac Allred, captain, consisted of sixty-one souls, thirty-four wagons, two hundred and twenty-four oxen, one horse and«one mule.

Besides these, there were three independent teams, with four persons and ten oxen, traveling

55« r/// R( II EMIGRATtOh with the train.

This i nmp.niv left Mormon GfOVe, lu'v;ist.

A nnmt.fr of the wagons wen'loaded with k<>o<)s '"r Snow A I'n,.m>l KNIIC -» r t i « l<-s DOloflpng to the Church.

On Green River tftei being passed by Milo Andres'train), the company divided, and traveled from there to Salt Lake City in two ectJOna,

Of which the first arrived in the it v on tlie second of Noveml)er, and the last on the thirteenth oi the lame month, This was the last train to arrive in the Valley, and the last section was helped in by teams and animals sent from the Valley.

Eighth company, Milo Andrus, captain, assisted by John S.

Fullmer, contained the third division of the P. E. Fund emigrants, and consisted of four hundred and fifty-two souls, forty-eight wagons, two hundred and sixty-two oxen, sixty cows, one horse and one mule.

Besides these, there were nine independent emigrants who traveled with four wagons, twenty oxen and two cows.

This company left Mormon Grove, August 5th.

Of returning missionaries there were in this company Israel Barlow, John S. Fullmer and Milo Andrus.

Eight or more of the passengers died on the overland journey, and the company arrived in Salt Lake City on the twenty fourth of October.

The totals of the eight companies were:

two thousand and thirty souls, three hundred and thirty-seven wagons, two thousand four hundred and thirty-three oxen, three hundred and nineteen cows, eightysix horses and mules.

This, however, did not include those families and teamsters who went with the merchant trains, most of whom were in part or in whole supplied from the emigrants

Friday, August 3rd, 1855, Elder Snow and Charles H.

Bassett left Mormon Grove, with the United States mail for Utah, leaving Orson Spencer in temporary charge at St. Louis, and the mission in the Western States.

They passed all the emigration trains, and arrived in Salt Lake City, on the thirty-first of August, three days ahead of the first emigrant train under Captain Hindley.

After all the companies had started for the Valley, the Mormon Grove farm, and.he branch of the Church, containing about filteen families, 1 omposed of Amerleant] Welsh, and Danish, were left in Charge of Elder I m lillennial Star, Vol. XVII, pp.

IjS, 57 s 579, 580, and '»>s; D |nlv iv August s,.nid.>? September s.12 and.•'>;

< l.( J, 17 and Jfj Nov. 7 and j Eighty ninth Qompant.—<'vuosure, souls Sunday, July 29, 1855, the ship CyHOSttrt sailed from Liverpool, England, with 159 Saints on board, under the presidency of Elder Geor.

with Elder William Rogers and Wm. J.

Silver as counselors, {Millennial Star, Vol.

XVII, page 505.) The following account is furnished by Elder Wm.

J.

Silver, now a resident of the Seventeenth

Ward, Salt Lake City:

"In the summer of 1855 and for several years afterwards, a large number of European

Saints who had not sufficient means to defray the traveling expenses from their native lands all the way to Utah, were organized into companies and forwarded by the Presidency in Liverpool to Boston, New York,

Philadelphia, St. Louis, and other places in the United

States, where they could earn means to enable them to proceed further on their journey, and at the same time form nucleuses for branches of the Church, and help Elder John Taylor, in New York, and Elder Erastus Snow, in St. Louis, to sustain the Mormon and the Luminary—

papers published by them in the interest of the Church.

"It was intended to send a company on the ship Australia, but as some defects were discovered in her which could not be repaired in time, the Cynosure, Captain Pray, was substituted.

This ship left the dock at Liverpool, July 28th. 1S55, and sailed the following day for New York, where she arrived, after a pretty fair voyage, on the morning. of September 5th, at

Castle Garden, they being one of the first companies of Latter-daySaints which were accommodated in that historic building, which had been opened for emigration purposes a short time previous.

This was a very agreeable surprise to the emigrants, as it gave them time to make their arrangements, etc., while fhose who wished to go further could do so without

CHbRCH EMIGRATION '.

incurring expenses for lodging.

In New York, the emigrants were received by Appostle John Taylor and his assistants,

N. H. Felt and Elder Robbins, and by the active exertions of W. H. Miles and

Charles Davey, were soon comfortably housed; and before long most of the men found employment.

There were several, miners from Wales, who went to Pennsylvania and there located, while some went to other localities.

Most of them subsequently came to Utah."Ninetieth Company.—Emerald Isle, 350 souls.

The ship, Emerald Isle, Captain G. P. Cornish, cleared from the port of Liverpool on the twenty-eighth, and sailed on the thirtieth of November, 1855, with three hundred and fifty Saints on board, under the presidency of Philemon C.

Merrill, assisted by Elders Joseph France and T.

B.

H.

Stenhouse.

Only a little sickness prevailed on board, except the ordinary sea-sickness.

On the twenty- sixth of December a heavy sea caused by high winds stove in a part of the bulwark, rent a sail or two, and caused considerable confusion.

The same evening two children died.

Three couples were married on board.

On the twenty-ninth of December the Emerald Isle arrived at New York, and the emigrants were landed in Castle Garden, where some of them remained a few days, until they found houses to live in, and the brethren obtained employment.

Some of the emigrants continued the journey to St. Louis and other parts of the West, and in due course of time most of them reached the

Valleys of the Mountains.

[Millennial Star, Vol. XVII, page 792; Vol. XVIII, page 78.) Ninety-first Company.—John J.

Boyd, 512 souls.

On the twenty-ninth of November, 1855, four hundred and thirtyseven

Scandinavian Saints sailed from Copenhagen, Denmark, on board the steamship Lbven, under the direction of

Elder Knud Peterson, who returned from his mission to Norway.

After a pleasant voyage Kiel was reached, and the emigrants continued the journey by rail to Gluckstadt, thence by -steamer to Grimsby,

England, and thence by rail to *I2* Liverpool, where the Scandinavian emigrants were joined by forty-two British and thirty Italian Saints, and went on board the ship, John J. Boyd.

Elder Charles R.

Savage, one of the returning missionaries, gives the following report of the voyage:

"We lefr Liverpool on Wednesday, December 12th, at seven a.m., and had a fine run down the channel, sighted Cape Clear on the Friday morning following, and had mild weather with a fair wind for three days after.

During this time we had leisure to devise plans for the maintenance of order and cleanliness during the voyage.

Notwithstanding that our company consisted of Danes, Norwegians, Swedes, Icelanders, Italians, English, Irish and Scotch, the rules adopted proved efficacious in maintaining a strict entente cordiale among us all.

The Saints were, by the sound of the trumpet, called to prayer morning and evening.

Meetings were also frequently held in the

Danish, English and Italian languages during the voyage.

On the whole we enjoyed ourselves first-rate, notwithstanding the gales and hurricanes we experienced, from the breaking up of the fine weather inlongtitude fifteen degrees, to our anchoring off Sandy Hook.

"About midway on our passage we fell in with the clipper ship, Louis Napoleon, from Baltimore to Liverpool, laden with flour, with all her masts and spars carried away, and leeward bulwarks stove in;

upon nearing the ship we found her in a sinking condition.

The captain and crew desired to be taken off, which was done.

This acquisition was of great advantage to us, as the bad weather, sickness, and exhaustion from overwork, had made quite a gap in our complement of sailors.

We had much sickness on board, from the breaking out of the measles, which caused many deaths among the Danish, chiefly among the children.

In the English and Italian companies we lost three children.

The weather got worse after crossing the Banks, so much so, that'we were driven into the Gulf Stream three times, and many of our sailors were frost-bitten.

Our captain got superstitious on account

lit h-i ii EMIGRA I li>.\.

of the long passage, and ordered that there sliotild be DO tinging mi hoard;

tinmall- said that all -.hips that had pn\u tiers on hoard were <il:cav\ sun- of a had passage;

however, the Lord heard mir prayers, and in His own doe time are arrived at our destination.

( )n tin- even ing of the fifteenth <>i February we were safely at anchor—having been sixty-six days out from Liverpool.

"Our supply of water was almost exhausted,—we had on our arrival only about one day's water on board.

The provisions were very good, and proved abundant to the last.

On our taking the pilot, he informed us that there had been many disasters during the months of January and February;

many ships had been wrecked.

We had made the passage without the loss of a single spar."{Millennial Star, Vol.

XVIII, page 206.) On the sixteenth of February, 1856, the emigrants landed in New York, and after tarrying a few days at Castle Garden, the journey was continued on the twenty-first or twenty-second by rail via Dunkirk and

Cleveland to Chicago, where the company, according to previous arrangements, was divided into three parts, of which one, consisting of about one hundred and fifty souls, went to Burlington, Iowa, another to Alton, Illinois, and a third to St. Louis, Mo.

Most of those who went to Burlington and Alton remained in these places or near them a year or more working to earn means wherewith to continue the journey.

The part of the company which went to St. Louis, arrived in that city on the tenth of March, and soon afterwards continued the journey to Florence, Nebraska, where they joined the general emigration that crossed the plains in 1856.

Elder Chr.

Christiansen, who was sent as a missionary fron Utah, to preside over the Scandinavian Saints in the western States, relates the following about the emigrants who stopped in Burlington:

"On the twenty-nineth of February, 1856, about one hundred and fifty Scandinavian emigrants arrived in Burlington,

Iowa, to be placed under my jurisdiction, as th- v, through tlw l.ick ol me.ms, WON unable to continue the journey to Utah that ve.ir.

a -sisted them in the transportation of their lu^age across the Mississippi river on the i< e, and brought them t<> a house belonging loan ap<

Mormon by tinname of Thomas Arthur, of whom I had hired a room for the accommodation of the emigrants—the only one I could secure in the whole town.

On that day the editors of the Burlington papers announced to the public the startling fact, that the town had been 'taken'by the 'Mormons.'Without friends or money I stood in the midst of my poor brethren, not knowing what to do; but I set to work in earnest and succeeded in finding employment for some of the brethren as wood choppers, in the country, where I also rented a number of empty cabins for the Saints, who subsisted on corn meal, bacon and other articles of food which they received as advance payment for their labors. For the young men and women I also secured places as servants, and in Burlington alone I found places for fifty of them.

I also hired wagons and took some of the emigrants to Montrose and Keokuk in search of employment.

Thus, in less than a week after the arrival of the emigrants at Burlington, all who were able to work had found something to do.

But there were a number of sick persons who needed financial aid, and as I had no money I approached one of the emigrants who had a twenty dollar gold piece, but he was an unbeliever and refused to lend his money to me or anyone else, even for the relief of the sick.

A few days later he died, and his widow promptly advanced me the means, and thus I secured the necessary medicines and other things needed by the sufferers.

|fy next step was to organize the Saints into branches of the Church, over which I appointed Presidents.

After a little while everything went well, and in a remarkablv short time the emigrants earned means enough to continue their journey to the Valley."(Millennial Slar, Vol.

XVII.

p. 812; Vol. XVIII, pp.

170, 206; Morgenstjernen, Vol.

II p. 383.

.Andrew Jtnson.

THE CHOLERA

EPIDEMIC.

In former ages, and even in recent times among superstitious people, disease has been regarded as resulting entirely from the displeasure of the gods and the machinations of evil spirits, and as being due in no degree to natural causes.

Where this idea has existed, people have been very loath to take active steps in the direction of applying remedies to check the ravage of disease, for fear of interfering with irrevocable destiny. Among the half civilized nations of Asia it has been the custom to depend upon magic incantations and weird exercises to propitiate the demon of disease and check its ravages.

They have been fully as careless with regard to preventive measures.

The maxim "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure,"has special force when applied to such diseases as depend upon conditons of uncleanliness for their rapid spread and fatal results. Among the nations referred to, and in former times even among the Europeans, care has not been taken in this most important respect.

It is little wonder, then, that these localities have been most subject to the epidemics which have swept over portions of the eastern continent, carrying off tens of thousands of the inhabitants in a few months.

Nor is it to be wondered at that nearly all of these maladies have followed practically the same course in their progress across the continent.

One of the most dreaded of these scourges, of which, however, there have been no visitations of late, is the Black Death, an extremely virulent and fatal malady having its origin in Asia.

But the disease at present most dreaded is the famous Asiatic Cholera.

This is a disease of the alimentary canal, and receives its name from the Greek words

Chole, "bile,"and "rheo"to flow.

This name is applied to the ailment on account of the bilious character of the discharges from the stomach and bowels during its attack.

The appellation Asiatic Cholera is applied to the malady because of its almost always originating in India and spreading thence into Europe and Africa.

The course most frequently followed by the Cholera, is a winding path, commencing in India, extending thence northward into Afghanistan, thence westward into

Persia, thence westward into Asia Minor and northward into European Russia, and thence westward into Central and even Western Europe.

Three times this dread disease has even crossed the Atlantic and made great ravages in North and South America.

The last great epidemic of Cholera in

Europe (preceding that of the present year) occurred in the years 1865-6.

The last to reach this continent, however, came in the years 1854-5, thirty-eight years ago.

It is a notable fact that this epidemic has rarely reached these shores during the year of its entrance into Europe. Hence, while we may congratulate ourselves upon immunity from the disease during the past summer, the fact still remains that with the reawakening of the epidemic in Europe, there is a chance of its renewed advances upon America.

Our greatest hope in such a case consists in the efficacy of quarantine regulations to keep the malady from landing and obtaining a foothold.

The epidemic of the year just closing seems to have attained its greatest virulence as regards Europe, in Russia and parts of Germany. England escaped comparatively unscathed, while owing to the vigilance of the sanitary officers of the port of New York, the disease was practically excluded from the United States. Official reports from the infected districts of

Europe may not have given the entire number of cases and deaths, but the reports were appalling.

But it must be borne in mind that the deaths of the victims of the cholera do not constitute all the evil results of an epidemic.

There is a financial phase to the question.

Financially the people of an infected district suffer in two ways even if they escape the disease itself.

In the first place, the sickness and death of friends and relatives entail a financial outlay for medical attendance and burial expenses.

This is not by any means inconsiderable when we consider the fact

THE CHOLERA EPIDl MIC tli.it instances have been known win-n- one fourth <>i tin- iuli. ilnt. nits dI 1 plagueStricken city have died from the effects of the disease.

The second source of financial loss is the decrease in the business conducted in the Infected place.

This is due to two causes;

first, the panic and frequently the removal of the inhabitants, and second, the die. ul other people naturally feel of contagion resulting from the carrying on of trade with the cholera stricken districts.

Quarantine regulations must be enforced in all such cases, and these will naturally produce an almost entire cessation of foreign commerce, while the domestic trade is naturally interrupted by the causes above mentioned.

It is estimated that a margin of some twenty five per cent, must be allowed most business enterprises, that investors may reap satisfactory returns from their outlays.

It is not too much to say that even under the most favorable conditions of a cholera epidemic, at least one fourth of the ordinary volume of business is shut off.

This would cause an entire absence of profit, while a further decrease of business would result in loss to the investors.

This is particularly true of the great lines of steamers plying between Europe and America.

When a European port is infected with cholera, the vessels clearing at that port are prohibited from discharging their cargoes or passengers in any noninfected harbor, without a rigid inspection and disinfection, which in and of itself is expensive, even if the cargoes and passengers are allowed to land at all.

In case they are not permitted to do so, there is nothing for it but to return them to the port from whence they sailed, and this is done at a loss to the steamship line.

Loss will always be felt by the merchants and emigration agencies of the ports of clearance and entry, and thus evil effects are felt even by those not directly infected with the malady.

There is another phase of the matter which has always appeared to the writer a very unfortunate one.

It is the manifestation of "man's inhumanity to man,"which is generally inseparable from an epidemic o<"this kind.

Not only are the common courtesies of life between friend and friend forgotten, but even the natural alle. ticin i.l parent and child, husband and wife, brother and sister, is swallowed up for the time being m the common dread.

Whenever en epidemic is known to be inevital.h approaching S City, iti inhabitants become seized with a panic which seems to deaden all the sensibilities but selfishness.

Under the influence of this panic there is an impulse to hasten away from the place to one of greater I It will always happen that not all are in such a condition of health and finance as to be able to take their departure.

Instances have been known where, under these conditions, parents have deserted sick children, children, sick parents, friends, poor friends, and sought safety in flight.

Not infrequently it happens that after the disease has entered a household the inmates not affected will depart, leaving the sick to be nursed and the dead to be buried by the health officers.

Perhaps the most disgraceful event recorded in connection with this year's epidemic, occurred on Fire Island, a fishing port near New York harbor.

The cabin passengers of the quarantined steamer Normania, from Hamburg, Germany, who had not been exposed to the cholera, were brought to that place in the hope of escaping from the inconveniences and dangers attending their stay on the infected vessel.

They were met by the inhabitants of Fire Island, led by a lawyer, who, in spite of the tears and prayers of the unfortunate passengers, refused to allow them to land;

and delicate women and small children were forced to pass the night on the open deck of a small vessel, entirely unable to protect themselves from the rigors of the climate, or to observe the most common laws of modesty and decency.

Not until the state militia was called out, would these people allow the sorely tried passengers to land.

If such actions as these could take place with only a remote chance of contagion, what may not happen when contact with other persons means sure infection and probable death?

THE CHOLERA EPIDEMIC.

The circumstances generally thought most likely to favor the spread of this disease, are unsanitary conditions in cities, and intense fear and dread in the minds of the people.

The first of these influences is allowed by all authorities;

the second is questioned by many eminent ones.

It is now generally believed that the disease has its origin in a peculiar germ known as the cholera bacillus, which requires certain conditions for its propagation.

This germ, when planted in the alimentary canal of an individual, will develop most rapidly where the person is weak through extreme youth, great age, or disease.

Whether fear exerts any influence or not, is a mooted question.

There is no doubt, however, that the locality where foul water, impure air, and other unhealthful conditions prevail, is most favorable to the propagation and spread of the disease germ.

The cause of the cholera epidemic suggests its prevention.

If unsanitary conditions cause it, sanitary conditions must prevent it. The fact that water, air, and food are the most likely vehicles for the transmission of the cholera germ, proves that these necessaries must receive attention.

The germ is subject to destruction by intense heat.

If food is thoroughly cooked, and water likely to contain the germ is boiled before being used, the danger of infection through these agencies is practically removed.

But I believe no means has been discovered whereby the danger of contagion through the atmosphere may be materially lessened.

We can't boil or cook the air we breathe, and there's the difficulty.

Some have thrown doubt on the possibility of the disease germ being carried any great distance by the wind, but it must he acknowledged that the air is a medium of transmission through short distances, at any rate.

The only means whereby this source of contagion may be lessened, is personal cleanliness and hygienic living, by which means the body may be kept in a condition of health capable of resisting the malady.

That the state of the body is responsible for the contraction of the disease, is proven by the fact that physicians and others who understand and observe the laws of health, are frequently able to administer among the victims of the epidemic and escape the sickness, while hundreds are dying around them.

Not only is personal cleanliness desirable, and even absolutely necessary, but it is of equal importance that the surroundings of the residences should be strictly hygienic.

If there is one thing more than another in which we disregard the rights and the welfare of our neighbors, it is the matter of keeping our yards, closets, corrals, and barns in cleanly and sanitary condition.

We would feel to resent an insinuation that we are not kind and considerate toward our neighbors, and at the same time we often keep our surroundings in such a state as to give those who live near us continual offense, to say nothing of rendering them liable to the contraction of deadly diseases.

For this remark may apply with equal force to such common contagions as scarlet fever, diphtheria, etc., as to the, to us, rare malady, cholera.

As will be seen by reference to the map, the places where the cholera rages with greatest violence, are those whose inhabitants live farthest from the laws of health, in the matters of food and general habits.

It is thought, too, that the climate may have much to do with this, as the hottest countries are usually the most unfortunate in this particular.

In India the natives are extremely indolent, and laziness is always associated with filth.

So in Persia, Syria, southern Russia, Asia Minor, and some parts of Central Europe.

Then, most of the localities named possess a hot climate.

The shelter of the people is not adequate for their protection from the fierce rays of the sun.

The houses are ovens, where the people lie sweltering together, noisome odors rising from their unwashed bodies.

Their food is unpalatable, unwholesome, and meagre in quantity.

They are as uncleanly in their surroundings as with their persons.

It may almost be said that they live on a dung-hill, where all conditions are favorable for the spread of disease germs of all descrip-

55» I ill CHOI EkA //•//>/ Mh\ tions.

The wonder is, not tli.it M many (li--, lmt tli.it so in. my <s< ape death.

All other conditions being similar, the • ontagion is more deadly in cities than in country places, on account of the crowded itate of the inhabitants

Especially is this true where proper sanitary precautions are not ohserved.

City life is not usually so healthful as country life.

The reflection of the sun's rays from brick walls and stone pavements produces heat prostration, and this is a most favorable condition for an attack of cholera.

When cholera breaks out, the city becomes a perfect hot-bed for its growth.

Cesspools, closets, vaults, cellars, yards, pigpens, stables, all these exert their influence toward its growth, and the frequent contact of the citizens with each other fosters its spread.

This is not intended as a scientific article;

the subject has not been treated consecutively.

I have written as an ordinary citizen views this subject.

The thoughts have been jotted down as they have come to me.

And I will now say that I look upon the cholera in a double light;

first, as a disease due, in great measure, to natural causes, and prevented and cured by natural means;

second, as a visitation of the displeasure of God, whereby men are made aware of

His might.

I recognize the fact that in this utilitarian and reasoning age the latter belief is looked upon with disfavor and ridicule.yet I am firmly of the opinion that God can give or remove the contagion whenever it suits His purpose, without the interference of physicians or health commissioners.

Still I believe that He is pleased with our efforts to check the ravages of disease, and

I think He blesses all legitimate efforts made in this direction by those who love Him, thus rendering them more efficacious than they would be without His blessing.

Our duty, then, is clear.

Although our position is probably as secure from the attacks of cholera as that of any other civilized people, yet there is a possibility that, through our extensive commerce, the disease germs may be brought hither.

We have a rule of life for our guidance, superior to that of any other people, and il lived up to, the >e prim iples ol hygiene will prevent many of the diseases now too common among us.

The Word ol Wisdom, the monthly fasts, and Beral frugality of living required of all true Latter-day Saints, are wonderfully efficacious for fortifying people against the inroads of disease.

We should remember that the Word of Wisdom is intended to regulate not only what but;ch(-n we should eat and drink; and that it covers, as well, our general rule o< life in all other respects.

I wish to refer in this connection to additions which are continually being made to our knowledge of hygienic principles.

I sincerely trust that the people will accept the good results of the researches of scientific men in the direction of improving the health of the human family.

In fact, no reason is apparent to me why we should not take the lead in these matters.

Men ol science are discovering the causes ol diseases, especially the contagious ones, and preventive measures are being suggested to remove the causes and thus reduce the diseases to a minimum.

Among the most important of these measures is vaccination.

Inoculation for smallpox has long been practiced with success, and now it is thought that cholera may be prevented by the same means.

The comma bacillus, the organism commonly held responsible for the cholera epidemic, has been used for the inoculation of small animals, and it is thought from the results of these experiments that human beings may be rendered practically secure from attacks of cholera by the same means.

Until this theory has been confirmed, other preventive measures should be employed, the principal ones having already been outlined.

Cleanliness in person, clothing, and surroundings; care as to kinds of food and regularity as to time of eating;

at least one fast in a month; plenty of sleep;

sufficient work, with regularity in its performance;

a clear conscience; and strict observance of

God's commamdmtmts—these are preventive measures whose efficacy is unquestioned.

Laertes.

DIED

BY THE WAYSIDE.

[This little sketch is probably the last one ever written by Leo Hsefeli, and the circumstance of its delivery to the Editor is interesting.

One day last summer Mr. Haefeli came in the office and handing over the Mss said:

"I promised you a little something as a companion story to "The Cobbler's New Year,''and here it is "A little Christmas gift.""Yes,"he was answered, "but this is pretty early for Christmas.""Well, I wanted to be sure and get it here in tifhe."A week later Mr. Haefeli died.—EDITOR.]

Eight o'clock in the morning.

The city has scarcely awakened from the Christmas carousals.

Restaurants and other places of joyous resort where the holiday had been celebrated far into the night, are mostly closed yet; only clerks are seen hurrying to open their stores, and work-people anxious to reach their shops.

I was taking a complacent stroll, thinking with some malicious glee of the friends who, through the copiousness of last night's festivities, were detained from enjoying the refreshing inhalations of the crisp winter air that undulated in gentle breezes from a clear sky.

I felt happy, too, however, in the pleasing recollection of the joy and mirth that had reigned around the Christmas tree by my family hearth, and my heart became softened.

At the corner of Main street and Columbia avenue there stood a lovely booth of Santa Claus, stored with the thousand and one kickshaws and toys of the plethoric gift season.

Among the various playthings which had seen more than one Christmas exhibition was a little wooden man who kept sawing away at the same old log with a faithfulness never met with in a tramp who pretends to earn a meal with doing the chores.

This assiduity at work, in this season of leisure and frolic, appeared almost touching, but no more so than the attention with which a little child was regarding the motley display of juvenile treasures and wonders in Santa Claus'store.

Although the telltale features of his wistful countenance gave his age at five or six years, the little lad was so small that his interesting head barely reached to the top of the counter.

Arrested as by a mysterious summons, I stopped and observed the early wanderer, who was sure enough a poor waif.

He was one of those tender creatures, born in misery, decaying in illy ventilated garrets or basement holes, who obtain a certain sickly hue, as a flower under adverse circumstances.

He looked as if the Angel of Death had kissed him in his very cradle—if he ever had one; a poor, wee stranger, a castaway in this miserable life, whose whole being was tremulous with a home-sickness which seemed plaintively to inquire out of his eyes:

"When shall I return to my father?"The lad was as tender as a girl.

His body was wrapped in a sort of jacket of old, worn-out cloth, the neck wound around with a piece of a dilapidated woolen shawl, and from under a ragged discolored cap, long, blond, silken locks curled forth.

In spite of his poor equipment the little fellow did not present a grotesque, or repulsive appearance; on the contrary, he was pretty, with his fine, regular features, his white skin, suffused by the morning frost with a rosy tint, his dreamy blue eyes—ah, those eyes!

so large, so sad, so yearning, so sanctioned in suffering! The heavens lay mirrored in them, though the lids were reddened and a tear hung to the long lashes.

Like a picture of Greuze, only painted with subdued tones of morbidezza, he almost reminded one of the Christ Child himself, cast down from heaven to earth, to suffer all the woes and bitterness of this world, but without the elevating consciousness of divine mission.

He did not notice the interest he awakened in me, as he was leaning there, all absorbed in admiration of the indefatigable wooden sawyer.

Seeing the longing of heart in the feverishly burning eyes of the lad, I could not help remembering, by way of a contrast no less shocking than pleasing, the joy and merriment of my own little ones at last night's scene under the well-laden Christmas tree in the plentiful home.

I again felt on my cheeks the hot kisses of my children, too big to believe in Kris Kringle or Santa

Dll.D BY THE UAYSini r i. ins ( soming down the chimney to present tin- children with those prett\ things, but thankful md thoughtful of papa and mamma who have tilled the stockings and little hoots with toys and all those numerous pretty and sweet things.

With deep sympathy I stepped up to the unknown lad.

"That's pretty, isn't it?""Yes, sir.""Have you such playthings?""No, sir.""Didn't your papa give you anything for your Christmas?''No answer, only something like a suppressed sob.

"Have you a papa?""No, sir.""But a mamma?""Yes, sir."The child answered in monosyllables, without trepidation and without impertinence, gently, but without looking at me, for his longing eyes were rivited on the treasures in the booth, whose owner was a silent witness of our conversation.

"What is your mamma doing?""Working""What at?""She pleats chair bottoms.""Where do you live?""There,"—and he pointed far away into the humblest part of the laboring people's quarter in the suburb.

"Didn't you place your shoes before the chimney last night, for Santa Claus to put something nice in?""We have no chimney.""But your mamma makes fires?""Oh yes, we have a little iron stove in the wall.""Didn't you put your shoes before it, then?""Oh, yes.""And yet Santa Claus didn't come?""I guess he did.""What did he bring you??""I don't know.""How is that?""I haven't seen the present; it got lost.""How so?""Fell through the holes in my shoes, I guess."I looked down to his feet, poor little feet, |>'<-rin^ half naked from torn, ragged shoes Deeply moved I took from the counter the impn-ssible little lawyer, and from my pocket a gold piece.

Timid, overwhelmed, scarcely daring to believe, he looked up to me.

"Take this, its for you.""And for dear mamma!"he exclaim- d, in lieu of all verbal expression of thanks.

He understood, quickly and gasped with his stiff, frost-blue, little hands for the toy and the coin, and gave me one glance what was not beaming in that glance?

acknowledgment, emotion, delight, exuberance of joy—I shall never forget that first and last sign of mutual understanding with the poor, unknown waif.

Then, as if afraid I might repent of my generosity and recall the presents, he pressed both toy and money with hands tightly clasped to his breast, and ran off without another word.

Off"to his mamma, no doubt.

He had already got some distance across the street, which, by this time, had become more animated with teams and foot passengers, before I bethought myself of enquiring more into my newly-made, little friend's residence.etc, so that I might be able to assist what appeared to be a worthy family in distns-.

I hurried after him across the thoroughfare.

But a dense throng impeded my progress. With exclamations and gestures of anger and deprecation the crowd were surrounding an elegant carriage, surging like the angry billows of a storm-tossed sea.

"What's the matter?"I enquired impatiently.

"Oh, another accident, sir.

This infernal fast driving by the tony coachmen.

A little child's been run over, that's all.""That's all!"But to me it was much more.

A sudden inspiration of tenor struck me at once, a fearful suspicion overcame me, and I rushed impetuously through the heaving and tumultuous multitude.

I must have made violent exertions to penetrate the crowd, to judge from the after-appearance of my hat and overcoat.

Suffice it—I stood before a dying child.

It was my unknown little friend, prostrate on the hard and pitiless

SINGING

MICE.

56i pavement, breathing his last.

The hoofs of the horses and the front wheels of the noble equipage had passed over his chest, crushing the young spark of life.

"Almighty God!"I exclaimed, struck as if bereaved of an old friend, dear and near to my soul.

At the sound of my voice the little one once more opened his eyes, heavy with the last, long sleep, and gave me a glance of thankful affection.

A woe-sweet smile hovered around the poverty-pinched lips.

"Santa Claus!"he whispered, oh, so faintly, yet so delightedly, still clasping tightly to his crushed breast the wooden sawyer and the gold piece—"for dear mamma."It was the last of our tragic Christmas conversation.

A torrent of blood gushed from his mouth; he was dead.

Yet in death his hands held his first and last present from Santa Claus.

Even beautiful he was, the sadly mangled corpse, in the mud of the pitiless city, amid the glitter of wealth, and the turmoil of the throng.

He had found his "peace on earth,"though he died, an unknown waif, by the wayside!"

SINGING MICE.

A four footed creature that sings is certainly curious enough to have its existence doubted; and many people no not believe that such a thing as a singing mouse has ever been heard.

It has, though; and in a certain house beloved by mice generally, what sounded like the voice of a very small bird was often heard in the wall.

A trap was set, and one night the dainty bits of cheese lured into captivity a mouse that looked like other mice and acted like a wren.

Such a quivering, musical warble could scarcely come from any other throat than that of the tiny bird.

But it was soon proved beyond a doubt that mousie did it himself, and that he must be the very singer who gave the mysterious wall concerts, so the next thing was to make him a cage.

It was quite an uncommon one, as uncommon as he was himself—a glass globe covered with netting. A warm nest was arranged in it, and the curious little performer took very kindly to his luxurious quarters.

He had, of course, the best cheese to nibble at, and he evidently considered himself in clover.

He put on airs too, and seemed to know when he was being watched.

At such times he would rise himself up and try to act like a canary.

Sometimes he would hold up one paw, and then he was a full-fledged prima donna, sending forth such loud notes that it was almost startling to hear him.

But an easy life did not seem to agree with the amusing little rodent, and possibly he pined for the home in the wall, with its boundless freedom, where he may haye left "his young barbarians at play."In a few days he died without any apparent cause, and the experiment of caging a singing mouse was altogether unsuccessful.

Other four-footed warblers have been kept in good condition for a much longer time, giving abundant opportunity to make some very interesting discoveries in regard to their musical organs.

They do- not, it appears, sing with their throats, like other songsters, but with their noses.

Their vocal chords are vibrating folds of the skin at the outlet of each nostril, and the performer can vary the tone from high to low by using more or less force in expelling the air.

When quiet by himself, the sound produced by the singer resembles that of an ^Eolian harp; but in a cage, when the small prisoner is often singing for effect, the notes are much bolder.

A cat purrs very much in the same way as a mouse sings, and both are signs of comfort and satisfaction. But the mouse's song, unlike that of the cat, has given rise to many absurd superstitions, and houses have acquired the bad reputition of being haunted because of singing mice in the walls.

The soft wailing sound which the song then assumes is said to come from the uneasy spirits of those who have been murdered; and the servants could never be made to believe that the continual picking and stealing from the pantry are done by the singer himself. For although it seems as if so gifted a creature should be above such night marauding, he is really no better than his commonplace companions.

—Harper's Young People.

EDITORIAL, JUNIUS f. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lakk Citv, October, 1892.

CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS.

The month of October, 1492 witnessed one of the greatest events that, in the economy of God, has been reserved for the last days—\\w discovery of America l>y

Christopher Columbus.

And while we are engaged in lauding his name, and while exercises commemorative of his grand achievement are being inaugurated throughout the United States there must be awakened in our souls a profound sense of the magnitude of the work he accomplished, and we must reflect on the power he exercised in forming the subsequent history of the world.

There are many who see only a happy chance in his grand discovery;

for, did he not think that he was sailing direct to

Asia—that the Atlantic formed one uninterrupted, mighty sea, washing alike the western shore of Europe and the eastern shore of Asia?

If he had had a just conception of the size of the globe would he not have despaired of ever crossing such a vast waste of waters?

These are questions that are frequently asked.

It is certain Columbus had no idea of another land lying between him and the wished for goal of Eastern Asia; but it happened that America blocked his way, and he unwittingly gave to mankind a new world.

But to us there is no chance, but a deep and Heavenly design in all this.

America, lost to the world, had in God's wisdom been reserved as the theatre of some of the grandest events that mark the world's history.

His eyes were upon it, to Him it was a choice—a promised land, and the day of its disenthrallment was at hand.

Columbus was a chosen instrument in God's hands, inspired and led by His spirit, though perhaps unconsciously, to the accomplishment of His decreed purposes.

Ages before in glorious vision, bad Nephi b'-ln-ld Columbus'day, and foretold Ui coming to Ameti as the « oiiiin^ of those who followed him.

He says: "And I looked and beheld I mm among the gentiles who was separated from the seed of my brethren by the many waters;.md I beheld tinspirit of God, tli.it it came down and WTOUght upon the man, and he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the seed of my brethren, who were in the promised land."—Can any one doubt that Columbus was wrought upon by the spirit of God?

Witness his persever.ui'e and determination in the face of discouragement and ridicule, his importunities at the feet of first one power then another until success finally crowned his efforts, and he found himself in command of a small fleet, sailing fearlessly out into unknown seas.

See him surrounded by threatening faces, menaced with death!

To the excited imagination of his men even the laws of nature have changed in the fearful region into which he is leading them. The compass no longer points to the north, the winds blow steadily from the east, and they fear they can never return against them.

They have mutinied and are determined to return, even if they have to cast his body into the sea—and he is determined to go on, even in the face of death. He pleads for one more day, and who shall say what divine faith thrilled his soul, that his triumph was at hand!

The day is granted, and his faith is vindicated; the Spirit had whispered the truth.

During the night they approached land, and anxiously they waited for the morrow.

And when the day dawned it witnessed the triumph of faith and perseverance.

A world was found, though he knew it not, and his name was forever engraved on its unwritten history.

Those who were ready in their terror to take his life now crowded around him, ready to worship his genius.

Can we not imagine the divine joy that filled his soul as he gazed upon 'he heavenly sight of land land, the goal of his hopes and toils—the

Promised Land!

Could he have likewise seen the glorious results following in the footsteps of his discovery—seen

EDITORIAL.

the mighty Nation established in the midst of America, alive with preparations to honor his name and his memory, how much more would his soul have thrilled with unspeakable joy!

Could he have known that he was preparing an asylum for the oppressed of the Christian world, and that here was the Gospel of the Last

Dispensation to be revealed and the true

Church of Christ established, who can conceive the transports that would have moved his soul to adoration and praise!

Great as is the glory of his name, mighty as have been the results of his discovery, none can appreciate more fully than the Latter-day Saints how great and glorious was that event.

They can see in the religious reformation and the discovery of America, to be the home of refuge for the persecuted and oppressed mankind, the beginning of the great work of regeneration, the herald ot the last dispensation of the Gospel. Nowhere, except in America, the land reserved for that glory, could a nation and a people be so favorably established among whom the truths of the Gospel could be revealed and the Church of Christ established.

Though Columbus had no conception of this—though he "builded better than he knew,"yet shall his name and memory be revered and yet shall he share the glory of the grand comsummation.

JOHN GREENLEAF WHITTIER.

In the death of John Greenleaf Whittier,

America has lost one of her noblest and most illustrious sons, one who achieved greatness, not in scenes of war and bloodshed, but in the peaceful pursuits of literary life.

For more than half a century he has ranked among her most illustrious men of letters, and indeed there seems to be no one who can fill the place he has long occupied as America's leading poet.

He was born on a farm in Haverhill, Massachusetts, in 1807, and from boyhood to early manhood, his years were spent in working on the farm.

His chances for education were very meager; the district school was only in session one term in the winter, and even then he could not always attend.

The books to which he had access were very few, and these little calculated to create poetic tastes.

But the truth of the saying, "Poets are born, not made,"was verified in him.

He began early writing rhymes.

His first poem was slipped under the door of the FreePress editorial office, and was published when he was about nineteen years of age.

This led to his forming the acquaintance of the editor and manager, William Lloyd Garrison, who gave him much encouragement, and by whose advice he made an extra effort towards educating himself, and attended the academy two terms.

Soon afterward he began his.public and political career as editor of the American

Manufacturer, a protectionist paper. The following year, 1830, he accepted the editorship of the Weekly New England Review, at Hartford, and from this time he took his place among the literary men of the day.

He was, however, called home on the death of his father, to take charge of the farm; but in this arduous toil he found time to contribute to several papers and magazines, and tojndulge his taste for poetical writing.

In religion Whittier was a Quaker, and opposed to 'bigotry and oppression in any form.

His sympathies were early enlisted in the anti-slavery cause, and he was unsparing in his denunciation of the evil, both in his, poetical and prose writings.

At first he suffered much persecution for his zeal, and his writings on this unpopular theme brought him little reward or fame;

but he lived to see his efforts and his works appreciated everywhere in America.

He is eminently the poet of New England and of America.

A great lover of nature, he has immortalized the scenes endeared to him by the associations ot childhood.

His "Snow Bound,"on which, more than any other piece he has written, his reputation as a poet rests, is not excelled by any similar work in the English language.

It is national and biographical, giving a sketch of his own family, and a vivid picture of winter life in New England.

His writings embrace the dramatic, the lyric, the epic, devoted chiefly to the

5«4 r.iu'/oa'/.i/..

.-is of the Indians, tin- moi.il.111.

! n-- Ugioat, Among his ballade •MandMnlter,

The Songs of Labor, The Angel oi Bum

Vista, Barbara Fritchie,and many others, are almost Universally known.

His moral.mil religious poODU bear record of the purity and simplicity of liis creed—to his trust and faith.

The following poem is sometimes called his Confession of Faith, and may be taken as an example of his religious poems:

"our mastkr."I11minrl.il Love, forever full,

For vet (lowing free, Forcv.r bared, forever whole, A never ebbing-sea Blow, winds of God, awake and blow

The mists of earth away Shine out, O Light Divine, and show

How wide and far we stray Hush every lip, close every book,

The strife of tongues forbear;

Why forward reach, or backward look,

For love that clasps like air?

We may not climb the heavenly steeps

To bring the Lord Christ down;

In vain we search the lowest deeps,

For Him no depth can drown.

And not for signs in heaven above

Or earth below they look, Who know with John His smile of love,

With Peter His rebuke.

No fable old, nor mythic lore,

Nor dream of bards and seers, No dead fact stranded on the shore

Of the oblivious years;

But warm, sweet, tender, even yet

A present help is He;

And faith has still its Olivet, And love its Galilee.

The healing of His seamless dress

Is by our beds of pain;

We touch Him in life's throng and press, And we are whole again.

O Lord and Master of us all Whate'er our name or sign, We own Thy sway, we hear Thy call,

We test our lives by Thine.

We faintly hear, we dimly see,

In differing phrase we pray, But, dim or clear, we own in Thee

The Light, the Truth, the Way!

To do Thy will is more than praise, As words are less than deeds.

And simple trust can find Thy ways

We miss with chart of creeds.

Alone, • Love Inenabiel 1 b] laving n. im<- is ghren;

To turn a.ill.- I1..111 I bat is hell.

To walk wnii Thai is beam Not Thine the bigot's partial pica.

Not 1 bine the leakM'a baa, Thou well re a love of Thee Which ends in bate "I mm.

Our Friend, our Brother, and our Lord.

What may Thy service be?

Nor name, nor form, nor ritual word,

Hut simply following Thee, We bring no gh.isth holocaust,

We pile no graven stone;

He serves Tin-- best who lovetn most

His brothers and Thy own.

Thy litanies, sweet offices Of love and gratitude;

Thy sarr.immt.il liturgies, The joy of doing good I GEORGE WILLIAM CURTIS.

Equally, perhaps, with the death ot Whittier, may the death of George William Curtis be considered a national loss.

The high place he held in the hearts of his fellow citizens is evidenced by the tributes to his memory from men of every creed and political faith. He was born in

Providence, Rhode Island, in 1824.

His father was a well-to-do merchant and designed that his son should become a business man.

He was educated in accordance with this plan, and at sixteen began mercantile life as clerk in a large importing house in New York;

but he soon tired of a pursuit so contrary to his desires and gave up his position to join the "Brook Farm Association,"a communistic society in West Roxbury, Mass., designed to carry out the social doctrines of a Frenchman named Fourier, which were at once communistic and co-operative in theory.

Though considered in relation to its aims, the society was a failure, yet nearly all who were connected with it have become noted in literature and journalism.

For six years Curtis was connected with the movement, and in that time laid the foundation of his successful career in literature and journalism.

This was followed by four years travel in Europe during which time he wrote descriptive letters to the New York

Tribune, edited and managed by his old

EDITORIAL.

associates in the "Brook Farm"experience.

On his return, in] 1850, he became one of the Tribune''s staff as musical and dramatical critic.

At the age of thirty-two, he became actively engaged in politics, and was pro minent in the convention which nominated Lincoln in i860. He became a leader in the Republican Party, with strong antislavery sentiments.

In 1863, he began his editorship of Harpers Weekly which became under his management an accepted authority on the issues of Republicanism.

Both as a Civil Service reformer and as a champion of Woman's Suffrage his name will go down in history as a man who possessed the courage of his convictions, and who did not hesitate to devote his time and talents to these unpopular causes.

In 1884, he severed his connection with the Republican Party and became an eminent leader of the Independent, or "Mugwump"Party, supporting Cleveland in his successful campaign in 1884, and again, in 1888 and 1892.

While his political friends regretted his withdrawal from their party, they honored him for his integrity to his convictions, and the tributes to his memory from all classes prove their appreciation of his worth.

His notes on foreign countries, his essays and papers on literary subjects have been compiled in several interesting volumes, and will perpetuate his name in

American Literature.

TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS.

With this number, the Thirteenth Volume of the Contributor closes, and we invite a review of the articles printed during the year.

Among them are many of local and general interest.

It requires much labor and the expenditure of a great deal of means to obtain the many excellent illustrations which adorn the pages of the present volume.

They were taken from original photographs to illustrate the different subjects treated.

Some delays have been occasioned by the failure to receive expected cuts, but all such delays have been fully compensated for in the general character of the matter presented.

We have endeavored to meet the varied tastes of all,in the variety of subjects presented, and at the same time, to preserve the plan and design of the Contributor to foster the cause of Mutual Improvement and the literary ability of our local writers.

It has been decided to omit the November and December numbers, and to commence Volume Fourteen with the New

Year.

We solicit the continued patronage of our friends, and shall continue sending the magazine to all our subscribers, unless otherwise notified by them.

Professor J.

F. Millspaugh and Doctor John R. Park, Chiefs of the Department of Eudcation of Utah for the World's Fair, have issued a circular to the teachers of Utah, urging the necessity of prompt and co-operative movement, to secure a creditable exhibit of our schools.

They give also a systematic plan and definite directions as to the work to be done.

It is hoped that County Superintendents and teachers will take up the subject, and work earnestly for the accomplishment of the objects set forth in the circular, and that they will receive the hearty support of all classes of the people.

Never again, perhaps, will such another opportunity present itself for Utah to display to the Nation and to the world illustrations of our best educational work, and to dispel the fallacy still cherished by many that education in Utah is not fostejed and encouraged.

Let every county, every district and every school be represented, that the world may see an object lesson of the truth.

Let Utah, often slandered and misrepresented, take her proud rank among the best educated States in the Union.

Major Joseph Kirkland in an article in the New England Magazine epigrammatically sums up the great Chicago fire in this wise:

"In 1871, a conspiracy was formed against the young, frail, vain, boastful, foolish, prosperous, hopeful city of Chicago—the conspiritors being the drought, the southwest trade-wind, a lamp, a cow, and the devil."

CHRISTMAS

round thr ideal tnowflaka (all.

I ».irk o ei the ky;

l.ikr tearful mourner | dress, as blnck as funeral pall, The colli.

(I. irk, chrrrlrss sight dew endetb from on high.

Moved by thr m«mmK wind, thr hare limbs sw.i\.mil groan, Like- sduI tormented with n sense of heavy sm;

While the clock strikes the houi til it m uk tin- day's decline.

The day whose lingering death shall usher Christmas in.

Slowly the clock strikes twelve, the solemn midnight hour, And still the snowflakrs fall, like down from cider's br<

While mid the dcep'ning stillness broods the mournful gloom

Which lulls thr s.uil to grief, but drives it from its But hark! a sound from ivied tower

Heralds the op'ning morning hour;

Tin- bell peall forth mid shouts of joy.

And songs of praise from man ami boy, "Christmas has come! Christmas has come!"

The sun shines bright o'er cheerless snow;

And lights it with a brilliant glow.

And shouts salute the charmed ear, "Christmas has come, the time of cheer.

Christmas has come! Christmas has come!"

My soul is cold and dark, with sense of pain and grief,

Heavy upon my heart lie snows of sin and blame;

While my bare life, oppressed with moaning breath of ill.

Sways in the heavy wind and bitter frost of shame.

The time drags slowly on, the midnight hour is near;

Darkness broods o'er my life, while bitter tears still flow,

And as the clock tolls forth the deep'ning hours of night,

Lies upon my poor heart shame's heavy load of snow.

But hark!

the air conveys the cry Of angel voices from on high;

The cry is heard, and heard again:

e upon earth, good will to men!

The Christ has come, the Christ has come!"

The bells peal forth the sound of glee.

Their p;i'an rings relief to me;

While heavj snows my heart upon

Are changed to crystal by the sun.

For Christ has come, the Savior's come!

Willard.

WORDS liY \v.

r. w \$t and 2nd Ten< r.

1st and 2nd Bass.

THE KKAUTIFUL HOMK OF THI MALE QUARTETTE.

f—6G A n,lant, SOUL.

MUSIC BY A.

H. I'EABODY.

1.

q There*! a land ( >h.

the stars Oh, then h h ^m*--\ mid the -tar* we are told, in the heavens at night, let usc'ing to His Son, r?

n v\ Where ihey i to All our

THE BEAUTIFUL HOME OF THE SOUL.

5*i=e £=* ^=f=^=¥3 i know not the sor - row of time, tell where the ransomed have trod, sor - rows he'll help us to bear, N!=fcf A k£=£ £ Crystal fountains in And the sun from his V V valleys of palace of And when life and its duties are =t 4r m m—C*- ss is^.2.

:fe^ -y—&—I—

-•»- gold, light, done, ^^=^3 k* And where life is a treasure sub lime.

Seems to beam with the smiles of our God.

He has prom ised a crown we shall wear.

Z3frr=f r V 'Tis the sweet by and by, "Chorus 1^—« 1r^ rV £—

m%p-7—i—/—«g. m.

m m -?^-^—»—m—

IIS h f r S m'm N* \» K L 'Tis the sweet, «\ V 1/ by and by, I s fe 'Tis the »•

» m m m lO?, k N* >» s» J J^ Vl/ Ul^D, »\ p I?

b r fcfc HW errs.

t=e 3»£E P land of our God we are told.

Shall we meet, shall we meet, in that m -A—fe- n^ to -N-#- d—dv SfcH ^2 1/ £ r P=(Ht rrr-cr^ fe, dim.

rit.

I zt£ city, f 'Tis the beau - ti-ful home of the soul.

®n 3&£^£ £ Repeat Chorus pp after last verse ad lib.

NAMES

OF STATES.

Maims takes it i name from the provim e <>t M.iin, in France, udwu so called as.1 i omplirm-nt to tin 1 queen ol Charles I, Henrietta, who was its owner.

New Hampshire takes its name from Hampshire, England.

New Hampshire una originally called Laconia.

Vermont is French (verd mont), signifying green mountain.

Massachusetts is an Indian word, signiiying "country about die great hills,"

Rhode [aland gets its name because of its landed resemblance to the Island of Rhodes, in the Mediterranean.

The real name of Connecticut is Quoneh-ta-lmt.

It is a Mohegan word, and means "long river."New York was so named as a compliment to the Duke of York, whose brother, Charles II, granted him that territory.

New Jersey was named for Sir George Carter, who was at that time governor of the Island of jersey, in the British channel.

Pennsylvania, as is generally known, takes its name from William Penn, the "sylvania"part of it means woods.

Literally it is "Penn's woods."Delaware derives its name from Thomas West, Lord de la Ware.

Maryland was named in honor of Henrietta Maria, queen of Charles I.

Virginia got its name from Queen Elizabeth, the "Virgin Queen."

The Carolinas were named for Charles (Carolus) II.

Florida gets its name from Kanunas de

Flores, or "Feast of the Flowers."

Alabama comes from a Greek word, and signifies "Land of Rest."Louisiana was so named in honor of Louis XIV.

Mississippi is a Natchez word, and means "Father of Waters."Three or four Indian interpretations have been given for the word Arkansas, the best being that it signifies "Smoky Waters,"the French prefix "Ark"meaning bow.

Tennessee, according to some writers, is from Tenasea, an Indian chief;

others have it that it means "River of the Big Bend."Kentucky does not mean "Dirk and

Bloody ground,M but is derived from the Indian word "Kahvtuk»ae,"signifying "Land at the head of the River.

Ohio has had several meanings fitted to it.

Some say that it is a Suwam-e unrd meaning "The Beautiful River."

Others refer to the Wyandotte word, Oheza, which signifies "Something Great."

Indiana means land of Indians.

Illinois is supposed to be derived from an Indian word, which was intended t<> refer to a superior class of men.

Wisconsin is an Indian word, meaning "Wild, Rushing Waters."Missouri means "Muddy Water."Michigan is from an Indian word, meaning "Great Lake."The name Kansas is based on the same as that of Arkansas.

Iowa is named from an Indian tribe, the Kiowas, the Kiowas were so called by the Illinois Indians because they were "across the river."The name of California is a matter of much dispute.

Some writers say it first appeared in a Spanish romance of 1830, the heroine being an Amazonian named "California."Colorado is a Spanish word, applied to that portion of the Rocky Mountains on account of its many colored peaks.

Nebraska means shallow waters.

Nevada is a Spanish word, signifying "snow-covered mountains."Georgia had its name bestowed when it was a colony, in honor of George II.

The Spanish missionaries of called the country now known as Texas "Mixtecapah,"and the people Mixtecas.

From this last word the name of Texas is supposed to have been derived.

Oregon is a Spanish word, signifying "vales of wild thyme."Dakota means "leagued"or "allied tribes."Wyoming is the Indian word for "Big Plains."Washington gets its name from our first president.

Montana means mountainous.

Idaho is a name that has never been satisfactorily accounted for.

St.

Louis Republic.

"Trie Glory of God.

is Intelligence."THE CONTRIBUTOR, Representing the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations of the Latter=day Saints.

Volume Thirteen.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Published by The Contributor Company.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH:

PRINTED BY THE DESERET NEWS PUBLISHING COMPANY.

1892.

PAGE.

A Soldier of '76 Ken Denys.

Association Intelligence: The Mannual Plan

Thomas Hull.

General M.

I. Fund Created (Letter General Superintendency) M.

I. Educational System M. H. Hardy and Geo. H.

Brimhall.

Program for June Contests Normal Instruction The June Contest General Conference Program Missionary Report.

.

Y. M. M.

I. A. Conference Statistical Report for the year ending April 30, 1892

Salt Lake Normal Class S. W. Jenkinson. 468 Y. M. M.

I. A. Missionaries Almina Nephi Anderson.

39, 71, 112, 169, 240, 282, 313 Art—A Modern Christ.... Edw. H Anderson. 321 Apron Strings Harper's. 375 Address Dr. J. E Talmage. 402 A Visit to Chalcedony Park (Illustrated) H.

C. Hovey. 425 A National Issue G. L. Browne. 432 An Eventful Trip Marvin E. Pack. 493 Church Emigration. Andrew Jenson.

9, 80, 131, 181, 229, 278. 326, 344, 408, 458, 507,

Chinese Science Cactus.

Charlotte Corday TV. Stanford.

Christmas Memories Henry W. Naisbitt.

Colonial Boston (Illustrated) Joseph M.

Tanner.

Comprehensiveness of the Gospel. B. H Roberts. 393 Columbus'Idea of the World Century. 440 Civil Government.

.

George M. Cannon. 447 Ciudad Chihuahua J. H. Martineau.

Death of Polygamy in Utah Judge C.

S. Zane.

Duty of Marriage S W. Richards.

91, Dr. Park aud Tax Reform Died by the Wayside Leo Hcefeli. 559 Exercises for Inducing Sleep Phrenological Journal.

Editorials:

Falsehood Refuted.

.

Irrigation Resolutions 5 2 Christmas, 1891 The Departed Year Monument to Red Jacket

iv CONTk V7.s IA«.R.

J-< lit..ri.il^ Amm-sty Politirs...

llus.mn.i M.

I. Normal Work 33» M.

I. Lectures 42° [uoe Contest 42° Mutual Improvement History of Utah Life of John Taylor Christopher Columbus John Greenleaf Whittier "2?

George William Curtis To our Subscribers Faith, in Divine Science « * NaisbUL ** K.irmington, Connecticut.

Birthplace of President Woodruff (Illustrated)

Junius /•'.

Hells. 474 Frank Raymond's Conversion Marvin E. Pack.

God's Vengance Emod Drallhu.

97, Itt, Hymnology Thomas Hull. 381 Is Man an Electrical Battery?

5I5 Letitia.

A Romance of the Point Josephine Spencer. 303 Literary value of the Bible IV. H. King. 366 Locusts S.L.

Clayes. 429 Macaulay Respice Finem.

37, 67, Musical Notes 53, 103, 152, 424 Music:

The Blossoms close at Eve Franz Abt.

Zion Prospers Schultz.

The Linden Tree Soederberg.

Good Night Kuntze.

Dawn of Day & Stephens.

All Hail this Glorious Day.

(Temple Ode) C.J. Thomas.

Missionary Farewell Ludivig Liebe.

School Thy Feelings 33$ The Chapel C. Kreutzer Invocation Joseph J. Daynes. 42 J The Trumpeters Joseph J. Daynes. 469 Moonlight Franz - ]bt- 5'7 The Beautilul Home of the Soul

A. H. Peabody.

Mountain Scenery of Utah (Illustrated) If. L.

A. Culmer.

173. 201.

Moral Faculty in Animals Respice Finem. 318 Marcia.

A Story of Ancient Rome Laertes.

358, 385, 449, 503, 537 New Year's Eve Leo HafeK.

National Airs I52 Nephi's Character Cannon's Life of Nephi.

Necessity for Good Teachers Emma C.

Thursby. 419 Names of States 5^8 Oliver Cromwell D.J. Brown*. 340 Our Children Phren. Journal. 392 Our Country Bryant S. Hinckley. 444

CONTEA TS.

v PAGE.

Plymouth (Illustrated) Joseph M.

Tanner.

Plain Talk for Plain People:

Cactus.

Myself Physically 7§ Myself Mentally Myself Morally Poets and Dogs Harper's.

Personal Appearance of Columbus

Century. 330 Potsdam.

Birthplace of Prest. George A. Smith (Illustrated). Junius F.

Wells. 377 Proprieties in Prayer Apostle F. M. Lyman. 398 Revolutionary Boston (Illustrated)

Joseph M. Tanner. 353 Salem (Illustrated) Joseph M.

Tanner.

105, Siege of Jerusalem by the Crusaders T.

Y. Stanjord.

Stonewall Jackson Harper's.

Small Sweet Courtesies Harper's. 351 Some Summer Talk E. M. Laury. 380 Science and the Bible D. M. Todd. 441 Singing Mice Harper's.

The Pilgrims (Illustrated) Joseph M Tanner.

The Downfall of a Proud Fork Ella Wheeler Wilcox.

The Spirit of Testimony Henry W. Naisbitt.

Two Etchings: Soldier of '76; Under Cover of the Night

Ken Denys.

The Diversity of Nations WillardDone.

The Evolution of the Harvester

Harper's.

Trenton.

Birthplace of President D. H. Wells (Illustrated).

.

. Junius F.

Wells.

The Author of "Fairy Tales"Edward H Anderson.

Two Graves Laertes.

138, The Physicians in Ancient Rome

Leo Hcejeli.

The Senator from Utah Josephine Spencer.

Temple Building (Illustrated) H.

W. Naisbitt.

The First Telescope, or Love Sharpens the Eye of Science. Retold by Leo Hcsjeli. 270

The Brigham Young Memorial (Illustrated)

The Valiant Crowd Eugene J. Young. 405 The Making of Ice...

T. Mitchell Prudden. 420 The Cross Santiago. 487 The Cholera Epidemic Laertes. 555 The Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company

Andrew Jenson.

Under Cover of the Night Ken Denys.

Vera's Guardian Cactus.

Valedictory Address Philip Maycock. 497 Women and the World's Fair (Address)

Mrs. Solomon Thatcher. 362 World's Fair Music.

POETRY.

A Grecian Myth A Battle St. Nicholas.

A Song of Winter Josephine Spencer.

A Song Ruby Lamont. 214 Answer to "A Song"Ruby Lamont.

At His Daughter's Wedding (From the French of Victor Hugo).

. Leo Hcsfeli. 302

vi /.S lA'.K.

I hustmas Eve St.

Sicholas.

Christmas Ballad <..

/..

H.

Confession Josephine Spencer.

4'.

Columbus Omm /'• "Intnry.

Christmas Millar, I Pone. 566 Gods and Guilt TrxmtlaMom by Lto ftatfeH.

God's Image Josephine Spencer.

Harvest Home //.//.

Xaisbi/t.

In Sun and Shade //.//'. XaisbUt. 352 Lake Mary (Illustrated) Josephine Spencer.

My World c. L. Browne. 320 Overcome Evil with Good L. M. Hewlinzs.

Room for All L. M.

//.

Resignation Genevieve Lucile Browne.

Resting in Hope Frank Ualcott Hutt.

Song of the Torrent J. H. Martincau.

Spelling "Kitten"Serenade Josephine Spencer. 369 Sacred Rule of the Pythagorians

Sympathy Genevieve Lucile Broitme.

The Curse of Adar Josephine Spencer.

The Maiden's Plaint Translated by Leo Hacfeli.

That's the Way St. Sicholas. 392 Tears Century. 420 The Worth of Hours R. M. Milne.

The Approach of the Army (Illustrated) Josephine Spencer.

Villanelle G. L. B.

Wings Translated by L.co Hcefeli.

Yearning Ruby Lamonl

Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit.

Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

LIVERPOOL i LONDON 1 GLOBE INSURANCES COIMfANY.

Fire Assets, -._-...._.»- Premiums Received 1889, Losses Paid 1889, $ 19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 H.

J. GRANT k C0M CROOKS & WARREN, ^k.&rjEsisr'r&s, ^£+.

Resident Managers, Chicago, 111.

Salt Lake City.

'The Business Man's Friend.'FOR NEATNESS OF WORK, EASE OF MANIPULATION, DURABILITY AND SPEED, the REMINGTON TYPEWRITER IS UNEQUALED.

For full particulars call or address F.

E. McGURRIN, "°3 888?"Hft 8T

HIGHLAND BRAND

EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated to a creamery consistence and Thoroughly Sterilized May be diluted with either Water

Or fresh Milk: to any desired consistence

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to Jung;!*:

«X? r^atolan, Agents.

P.O.Box 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

[lardy, You^ 9 <?o.

.•.pRST.-.QC/tSS.'.

pa/r\ily Qroeeries, Dry (Joods, Boots apd 5l?oe5- H/^DY, - VOilffO - CO., aa-30 maip St., Opp. Z. «.

(I\. L Salt laHe $ity, 0.

\\. J^DY, (Imager.

\ \. THOMAp.

26, 28, 30, 32 E. FIRST SOUTH ST.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

R. \. Tip.

"Jll^ -^THS; QUION IylNSX For r. QUEENSTOWN.-. and,\ LIVERPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kine St., New York, every Saturday.

NLMKuk a.aoCMONs NNX0\A\UG-3.1\?> tons.

k\.NSY^. fc.SOO Tons.

kRYLOUK. & 500 Toms.

VJ\SCOUS\U 3,i«mohs.

^p~ These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make the passage across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

The State-rooms are all on Deck, inns Insuring those greasiest of all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light,

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadumy, New York,

A. M. UNDERBILL fr 00.

JAMES JACK, LOCAL AGENT, SALT LAKE CITY.

Utah Cracker Factory, HENRY WALLACE Manager, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SUTHl BRAND OF HUE CRACKERS.

r SALT LAKE CITY.

^wSold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory, ~®a

CONFECTIONERS

« SHIELDS S (II., 43 « Slate SI., CHICAGO.

THIS THOMPSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

IMPORTERS AND MANUFACTURERS OF

XTHE FINEST » B KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the Famous Brand of Red Cross Lye.

30, 32, 33, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET, CHICAGO.

FASHIONABLE and HEALTHFUL THE GENUINE Jackson Corset Waist i SUPERB FORM.

PERFECT FIT.

A perfect Corset ami Waist oombiacd

Fan>ons lor us style, graceful symmetry, and healthful qualities.

r.tttntfii i.S.v f-.ii.rit i.'im/'on tmck Waist.

TAKE "S5?S?t.... JACKSON CORSET CO., Jackson, Mid:

«F YOUR DEALER HASN'T IT. WRITE TO U.S.

The Golden- Rod Publishing Co., of Chicago. Illinois, has determined to secure 500,000 new subscribers to their family story paper, the GOLDEN-ROD, before January 1st '93.

In the ordinary way this would require a lifetime, but "time is money,"and in order to save time we are willing to pay those who subscribe now a large sum of MON realizing that we can soon recover this great expenditure from the increased revenue from our advertisers.

For correct answers to the following ten word-riddles, The Golden-Rod Publishing Co.

will pay the following CASH REWARDS:

For the correct answer to any ONE word, as 20.00 For the correct answer to any TWO words,...

For the correct answer to any TURKE words, For the correct answer to any FOUR words, For the correct answer to any FIVE words, 50.00 75.00 100.00 125.00 For the correct answer to any SIX words,...

$150.00 For the correct answer to any SEVEN words,...

175.00 For the correct answer to any EIGHT words,... 200.00 For the correct answer to any NINE words,...

225.00 For the correct answer loALL of the TEN words, - 300.00 AS SPECIAL GRAND PRIZES WE WILL PAY IN CASH:

For the FIRST correct answer to ALL of the entire TEN words, $5000.00 For the SEVENTH correct answer to ALL of the entire TEN words 3000.00 For the TWENTY-FIRST correct answer to ALL of the entire TEN words 2000 00

Here are the word-riddles, can you solve them?

Remember any one of the ten words correctly solved wins for you $20.00 in cash, 1 L-IMD-- A Cily of Great Britain.

C-RdE—

A Victorious Fighter.

CHI An Eastern Country.

AUS IA A Country m Europe.

PA--S Home of Fashion and Art.

A ZOIM A River.

A-IA An Immense Country.

9 PER -- A A Country in Asia.

5 E - R - P- A Land across the Atlantic.|l

N - L - A River of the Old World.

PYpi A NATION Eacn dash indicates the absence of a certain letter, and when the kArLnlln I lull proper letters are supplied the original word will be found complete.

Example: B—b—e. A book everyone should read.

The omitted letters are land 1, and when properly inserted the complete word is bible.

D C \kl A P flC Are paid in cash the very day any answer is found to be correct.

To prevent new nilW even any appearance of irregularity or collusion, a copy of the original ten words has been deposited in a safety vault under seal, to be opened December 31st, 92,in the presence of witnesses, whose sworn statement, as to the correct wot ds together with the list of prize winners, will be published in the January number of the Golden-Rod.

REM EMBERS EVERY CORRECT ANSWER IWINS A

PRIZE.

PAN niTlflNQ Tlie obJ ect of this extraordinary offer is of course to secure subscribers

UUIl U I I IUIiO at once, and in large numbers.

'We therefore require that 50 cents for a year's subscription for our great paper Tbe tioldeu-Kod, be sent with each answer.

Thus if two words are answered $1.00 must be sent, three words $1.50, five words $2.50, and so on, and as many copies of the paper will be mailed to addresses given.

New continued stories will begin with the November number.

Designate the words you answer by their numbers.

Send at once and win one of the grand prizes.

Address all letters and make all remittances payable to The Golden-Rod Publishing Go., 309 Dearborn'St., Chicago, \

IHE

LHOIMG INSURANCE 1GENTS OF UTIH.

POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 106 Wall.vreet, New York.

STATE BANK OF UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

HEBER J. 01 knt.

WM.

13. PRESTON. VlCR-l'HEBER M.

V i.e.

JIRECTORS JOSEPH F. SMITH.

CHARLES 8.

Bl'J WILLIAM H. ROWS.

KKPHI V.

AHKAHAM II. CANNON. TK SrKNCKK CLAW80N.

I'll I KLIAS MORRIS.

NO.

HKNRY A. WOOLLKV.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Go-operative JVLereantileInstitution, Salt Lake City, Organized Oct., 1868.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

OFFICERS:

President, Wilkord Woodruff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secret'iry, T. G. Webber;

Treasurer, A. W. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN.

LOCAN, PROVO, and IDAHO FALLS.

Drug Dept., Main St.

SALT LAKE CITY W.

H. ROWE. Assistant Supt Utah Territory.

DIRECTORS:

Geo. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romn J. R. WiM H. Dinwoodi P. T. Farnsworth, J. R. Barnes, W. H. Ro MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

WEBBER.Genrral Sipt HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS 6O MAIN STREFT