March Senator from Xltoii i m PP if i i....&88mffim&¥&:

THE Hi TRIBUTOR m&W A-ynONTHLY-AAGAZINEvolxiii MARCH I $1 Y-THE-p CONTRIBUTOR • CO SALT/ LAKE -CITY- UTAH- E5

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1892.

PAGE.

Mountain Scenery of Utah, II. (Illustrated) H. L. A. Culmer.

Faith, in Divine Science,......H. VV. Naisbitt.

A Song, Ruby Lamont.

Song of the Torrent,.....J. H. Martmeau.

The Senator from Utah.

A Story of the Future, Josephine S.>encer.

The Maiden's Plaint, Translated by L« o Hcefeli.

Gods and Guilt,....- Translated by Leo Hajfeli.

Church Emigration, XI.

Detailed Emigration Account, Andrew Jerson.

Plain Talks for Plain People.

Myself Morally, Cactus.

Almina, (Continued Story).Nephi Anderson.

Spelling "Kitten,"Editorial Politics?h Association Intelligence.

Normal Instruction, Music:

"Dawn of Day,".

E. Stephens.

Established 1873.

*JJ capital, $200,000.

[£ Incorporated 18S8 Wl WlLFORD WoODPUFF.

V\'CapKal, $200,000.

n j j.

yj, surplus, $*oo,ooo. ^ * res:dent.

/i^=^^^%%^^<»^^^lV* George M. Cannon, Cashier.

Pays 3.per cent.

Interes Compounded Quarterly,.

on Deposits.

ZION'S * SAVINGS BANK SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Oldest and Largest Savings Bank in Utah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

Mo'i»y to Loan on Approved Sectiiities at LowRa esof Int re 4.

i^SP DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prest.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vic-Prexi.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T. G Wet.'ber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy BOXES to fiENT at Reasonable—Terms.—

TRUSTS Deposits received from SI Upwards. COMP'Y.

1, 3, and 5 EAST TEfflPltE STREET, 'SflltT Iiflp CITY.

CO-OPERATIVE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL, $330,000.00.

*#** WAGON and **#* PAID IN $250,000.00.

SURPLUS, $75,000.00. MACHINE CO.

UTAH xxx AND xxx IDAHO Rulon S Wells, Sec. & Treas.

ttTTt'tt't'Geant Hampton, Asst. Sec. & Treas.

tttttttt HEBER J. GRANT, President.

GEO. Q. CANNON, GEO. ROMNEY, J. H. SMITH, R.

S. WELLS, JOSEPH F. SMITH, Vice-President.

F. M. LYMAN, W. W. RITER, CHAS.

S. BURTON, H. A. WOOLLEY.

LEADING IMPLEMENT DEALERS.

SflliT Ufl^E CITY, UTAHGEO.

T. ODELL Genl. Mgr.

WARNER ©ROB.

HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the mar'&t.

These imitations are stinftned with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation.

They can always be recognized, for they have "Dr.

Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

!B <fo» Wh< i a. <&£.

U2s NEW YORK and CHICAGO.

For Sa/e in Sa/t Lake City BY Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden z. c. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

Warner Brothers Celebrated Corsets,

B. F &H. L.SWEE -MANUFACTURERS OF- <t:

aCOMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS, > 'Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies Co-operative ^W^k^oTx sl«lc1- Maoliine Co., KENNEDY'S Scientific American Agency for CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESICN PATENTS COPYRIGHTS, etc.

For information and free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO., 361 Broadw..y, New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the

Largest circulation of anv scientific paper in the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No irtelligent man should be without it.

Weekly, S3. 00 a year; 81.50 six months.

Address MUNN &, CO.

Publishers, 3fil Broadway, New York.

-Gfnpral Western Ag-ents.

Tickje ri>e Earth With a Hoe, SOW FERRY'S SEEDS and nature will do the rest.

Seeds largely determine the harvest—always plant the best—FERRY'S.

A book full of information about Gardens—how and what to raise,etc.

, sent free to all who ask for M-/y\ Ask to-day.

D. M. FERRY/W DETROIT, & CO., /J MICH.

THE Standard Gauge RAILWAY!

Through the Rocky Mountains!

Choice of Three Distinct Routes, and the most Magnificent Railroad Scenerv in th World.

Two Fast Express Trains Dailv each way between OGDEN, SALT LAKE and DENVER.

Elegant Reclining Chair Cars FREE OF CHARGE.

Direct Connections made in Union Depots. The most Thoroughly Equipped

Railway in the West.

J. H. BENNETT, General Freight and:

Passenger Agent.

D. C. Dodge, A.

E. Welby, Gen'l Manager.

Sppp'-intendeolf.,

n x h o z J n o B M t> e a, oo "CORTICELLI."ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, These are the jis, in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of toreadv The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli"built.

C. H. SAMPSON, \genX o H o DO PJ a> r a r o r r o d DO PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF High Patent, Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheal.

Office.

W.

South Temple St.

SALT. t\ T^TTf/! CITY, UTAH

The occurrences of late, both locally and nationally, are fraught with much interest to those who keep up with the country's history and progress.

Among the most important of these occurrences, nationally, we might name the Home

Rule andy y ^^T^"X JT "^^^^ Statehood bills to help I I \ m l—™^ poor d i s- tractedUtah A JL A.

V j*!mL± "to govern herself.

The speeches of the gentlemen interested in the passage of these bills, as well as those opposed to them, have been read by the public.

The bill for the free coinage of silver has been introduced and commented upon.

The protestations of the anti- Hill faction have been uttered, the Cleveland Democrats are working, and the Whitney boom looks threatening.

The-^ TT Blaine withdrawal has left Harrison ^^f I master of the Republican situation JL 'Vi^ n^aur* Locally, the discovery of mines and gas wells, the Legislature and its work, the municipal election returns and the distribution of official favors, and the great Democratic and astonishing Republican gains, have kept the public pulse beating abnormally.

All these things are of much concern, but our good people should not forget. in this time of sensations and startling social and political ir V ^J"™"^ W]**^ mmm^ «^ changes that we 1—1 j™™«| Ljk fp^'J should Li/ean JL JL \mmm^ JL 1L. JL Ik*. Aammgr interest in all home enterprises and should assist in the development of home talents.

These are too varied to be enumerated.

We, however, call attention of all who are interested in good solid, home literature to the pleasing changes made in the organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

The introduction of half-tone engravings illustrating our articles was a happyy^^^f ir

Sr y"—v thought, making the magazine one h""™"*!] Lhh^ of high class and sought after more JL 3mmmm^ than ever.

The articles on the Pilgrims are timely, preparing one for an appreciation of the anniversary of the discovery of this country.

The magazine has been enlarged and volume thirteen will contain one hundred extra pages, and be improved in every way that the people's patronage will justify.

The subscription is two dollars a year.

Binding, fifty cents a volume.

ForT m m ym^TmW T^™™^ y^mmWam^ two dol i[ I \ I j **^ >rs and JLhbm^ JL jL JL JL™^ \y*m*** JL twenty-five cents, in advance we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

Send in your order at once for Volume Thirteen to The Contributor Co.,

Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

P.O.Box 520.

THE MUTUAL LIFE

Insurance Company of New York RICHARD A. McCURDY, President.

Statement for the year ending December 31, 1891

Asset;

$159,507,188 68 Unserve on Policies (American Table 4%) $146,968,322 00 Liabilities other than Reserve, 507,849 52 Surplus, 12,030,967 16 Receipts from all sources, 37,634,734 53 Payments to Folicy-Holders, 18,755,71186 Bisks assumed and renewed, 194,470 policies,...

607,171,801 00 Bisks in force. 225,507 policies, amounting to...

695,753,461 03 Note.—The above statement shows a large increase over the business of 1890 in amount at risk, new business assumed, payments to policy-holders, receipts, assets and surplus; and includes as risks assumed only the number ind amount of policies actually issued and paid for in the accounts of the year.

THE ASSETS ARE INVESTED AS FOLLOWS

Beal Estate and Bond & Mortgage

Lofcns, $81,345,540 48 United States Bonds and other Securities,....

57,661,455 78 Loans on Collateral Securities, 10,223,903 90 Cash in Banks and Trust Companies at interest, 5,070,153 03 Interest accrued, Premiums Deferred, etc., --.- 5,206,085 49 $159,507,138 CS I have carefully examined the foregoing statement and find the same to be correct.

A. N. Waterhouse, Auditor.

45 sold in '88 2,288 sold in y89 6,268 sold in '90 20,049 sold in '91 60,000 wl "be 80ld ln '9 A Steel Windmill and Steel Tower every 3 minutes.

\TT These figures tell the story of tho ever-growing, ever -going, everlasting Steel Aermotor.

Where one goes others follow, and we "take the country."^houirhaold. wo were unable to make nil of the Z0.O49 Acrmotors in '91.

Orders often nailed 8 weeks to be Ailed, hut now we h lastly increased our plant and arc.pre-,."it'."i promptly to plant our Increase ln every habitable portion of the globe.

Are you curious to know how the Aer* motor Co. fn the 4ih year of its existence, came to make many times as many windmills as all other makers combined? How we came.

tooriglnate the Steel Wheel, the nit Steel Fixed Tower, the Steel Tilting 3 C Tower?

U) 1st. We commenced in a field ln

O r". which there had been no improve- ** g ment for 25 years, and in which 5) there seemed no talent or ambition,

O +j and none has yet been shown except * g in /eebu Imitation of our 4, o> Inventions.

5UJ From the Surplus a dividend will be apportioned as usual.

REPORT OP THE EXAMINING COMMITTEE.

Offloe of The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York.

January 25, 1892.

At a meeting of the Board of Trustees of this Company, held on the 23d day of December, ultimo, the undersigned were appointed a Committee to examine the annual statement for the year ending December 31, 1891, and to verify the same by comparison with the assets of the

Tne Committee have carefully performed the duty assigned to them, and hereby certify that the statement is in all particulars correct, and that the assets specified therein are in possession of the Company.

In making this certificate the Committee bear testimony to the high oharaoter of the investments of the Company and express their approbation of the system, order, and accuracy with which the accounts and vouchers have been kept, and the business in general is transacted.

H. C. von Post, Robert Sewell, George Buss, J.

H. Herrick, Julien T.

Davies, D. C.

Robinson, Jas. C.

Holden.

Before commencing the manufacture, exhaustive scienj2 c tiflc investigation and experi jj C5 ments were maile by a skilled mechanical engineer! ln which £ 3 over 5.000 dynnmometiic tests O o were made on 61 different form J £ of wheels, propelled by artificia!£,+; and therefore uniform wind, (/) J which settled definitely many ^ ^ questions relating to the proper!

4) 9Peed of wheel, the best form, ~ *> angle, curvature and amount of sail surface, the reslst- jB ance of air to rotation, obstructions ln the wheel, such a* j- $ heavy wooden arms, obstructions before the wheel, as ln *"j- the vaneless mill, and many oiher more abstruse, though g ^ not less important questions.

These Investlga- *i 5 tlons proved that the power of the best £ -, wind wheels could be doubled, and the > $ AERMOTOR daily demonstrates It has o s been done.

;p O 3d. To the liberal policy of the Aermotor Co., that guaranty £ tees its goods satisfactory or pays freight both ways, and to

C w theenormous ouputofits factorv which enables'it to fur- 3 3 ni<h the best article at less than the poorest Is sold for.

For v O 92 we furnish the most perfect bearings ever put

C *Un a windmill, and have made an exhaustive re"°- o vision of the Aermotor and Towers.

q *j Ifyou want a strong, stiff, Steel Fixed Tower—or If yon j- want the tower you don't have to climb (the Steel Tilting

O £ Tower) and the Wheel that runs when all others stand stil £ that costs you less than wood and lasts ten times as long J- ^ (The Steel Aermotor) or if you want a Geared Aermotor to 4> churn, grind, cut feed, pump water, turn g-indstone and, ^ > saw wood, that does the work of i horses at the cost of q; * one (SlOOl, write for copiously illustrated printed matter,,C j», showing every conceivable phase of windmill construction j- a.nnd work, Jo the AERMOTOR CO. 12th and Bookweu St*., Chicago, or 12 Main St., San Francisco.

ROBERT A. QRANNISS, Vice-President.

Walter R. Gillette, Frederic Cromwell, Emory McClintock, General Manager.

Treasurer.

Actuary.

LOUIS HYAJSkIS, DISTRICT MANAGER FOR UTAH, Salt Lake City., Utah.

Good, active, responsible Agents wanted.

Apply to Louis Hyams, District Manager, Salt Lake City, Utah.

j The World's Columbian Exposition.

Send Fifty cents to Bond & Co., 576 Rookery, Chicago, and you will receive, post pa d, a lour hundred page advance

Guide to the Exposition, with elegant Engravings of the Grounds and Buildings, Portraits of its leading spirits, and a Map of the City of Chicago;

all of the Rults governing the Exposition and Exhibitors, and all information which can be given out in advance of its opening.

Also, other Engravings and printed information will be sent you as published.

It will be a very valuable Book and every person should secure a copy.

HIGHLAND BRAND

VAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure IVIilk: evaporated, to a creamery consistence and Thoroughly Sterilized IVIay be diluted with, either Water

Or fresh iVlilk: to any desired consistence

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to Ji^rxg;!*:

<$s X^OLt>iom. 9 Agents, p.o.Bcx 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

To Consumers of Pure Lard.

To meet the increasing de mand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PORE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers through out Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City,

Agents for ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS CITY, MO.

Vol.

XIII.

MARCH, 1892.

No.

5.

MOUNTAIN SCENERY OF UTAH.

Around the lakes that lie near the head of Big Cottonwood Canon, there clusters a garland of sweet memories which many of the readers of this article will acknowledge, for it is along their brinks and upon the mountain sides which surround them that many of the young people of this city have, wandered in the heyday of their youth in search of health or sport, or to while away the summer hours.

Silver Lake, at Brighton, is probably the most familiar of any of them to the greatest number of people, reposing as it does in a jspacious vale, easy of access, surrounded by meadows, and in the neighborhood of a good hotel.

To this point hundreds of people make a visit every summer, enjoying comparative comfort, and finding health and recreation amid the beautiful scenery and under the exhilarating influence,, of the pure atmosphere.

It is at an altitude of nearly nine thousand feet.

Every glade among the pine woods in this vale could tell its story of rejoicings around the camp fire, of merry junketings, of midnight carousals and noon-day siestas.

How often have the rocky steeps that hem in this glade resounded to the melodious chorus of young and, happy people gathered together for a brief respite from the cares of life As I write, a thousand memories return of youthful days in which the hours seemed too short to hold the pleasures that crowded in upon them.

Young men and women, now fathers and mothers of families, but then so full of youthful spirit and activity, under the intoxicating influenA of the high altitude, began the day with pranks and jokes, and closed the night with song and dance; and flitting in a shadowy way among the pleasant recollections, come faint memories of moon-light wooings, of camp fire wassail, of echoing songs heard from other camp fires far away, of long tramps to distant scenes of rival beauty, or horseback rides around the steep mountain trails, of sketching trips in sunshine and storm, of uncouth sports, and all the other pleasures which make a sojourn in the mountains so full of interest and delight.

One night, when the moon shone clear, there rang out across the lake the notes of a cornet, which, in the hands of Mark Croxall, seemed to yield a melody more tender and thrilling than was ever heard in concert hall or in the midst of a city.

Another time, the sweetly blending voices of Edith Clawson, John Spencer and Bud

Whitney, were equally charming among the resounding pines and undulating hills.

But those who enjoy these summer gatherings were not always so fortunate as to find fair weather and a cheerful camp fire.

I can remember now a day of driving and threatening clouds which culminated in a storm of thunder and lightning more magnificent and terrible than any that had every been witnessed by those who were in its midst.

Our peaceful camp was broken up in the crashing of thunder and incessant lightning flashes which seemed to be literally in and around us.

The scurrying crowd of frightened, shrinking damsels took refuge in the neighboring houses, hiding their heads to avoid the blinding flashes and deafening peals that followed one another with scarcely a moment's inter-

MOUNTAIN SCENERY OF UTAH.

Lake Minnie.

mission, while from the heavens the rain seemed to pour in torrents, almost washing away our tents and swelling the streams until, in a few minutes, they were impassible.

These are almost invariable incidents of summering in the Wasatch Mountains, the periods of violent storms being interwoven with several days of brilliant and beautiful weather.

A couple of miles to the south of Silver Lake on the high mountain trail to Alt'a, are the "Twin Lakes,"well known to every wanderer in this region.

They are extremely pictorial, the mountain chain which towers above them being nearly always well covered with snow in its chasrn^ and the firs along the banks making beautiful reflections in the placid

MOLNTAIN SCENERY OF LTAH.

bosoms of the lakes.

On the mountain slopes near here, there still remain some of the finest and most picturesque pines to be found in the Wasatch.

Fortunately for the artist, these trees are not suitable for making lumber, their lusty sweeping limbs rendering the timber useless; therefore, they are permitted to remain in all their hoary grandeur, rich in color, and splendid in their dark, luxurious masses of foliage.

At the eastern end of these, as is usual with most alpine lakes, is the meadow bestrewn with buttercups, blue-bells and columbines, and the foaming cascade that feeds the lake from the snow-beds near by.

Over on the Little Cottonwood side of the divide, and up the other slope, along the trail that leads over to American Fork Canon, is a beautiful lake which Alfred Lambourne named "Lake Minnie''at the time when he and the present writer together saw it for the first time.

It was then that the dark, majestic cliffs, which rise above it to the east, were begirt with thunder clouds that seemed to increase their height and awfulness, and give them the character which he likened to the tower of Babel.

This is the lake and this is the scene which he so beautifully portrays in his Christmas story of "Jo,"as the place called "Our Home."To attempt a description of this lake and its surrounding beauties after the publication of Mr. Lambourne's work, would be to shine dimly by contrast;

for his word- pictures are so clear and vivid that the writer did not require the assurance that the lake he described was the one which we first visited together.

This is great sketching ground for the landscape artist, furnishing him with innumerable studies to enrich his portfolio.

Across the amphitheatre which ends the canon, and amidst herbage which here grows luxurious and rich, are strewn splendid boulders and fragments of gray limestone, whose beautiful cleavages and picturesque outlines are the ideal character of the rock painter, and whose tender gray contrasts with beautiful effect to the green of the flora, which here seems more varied and brilliant than in any other portion of the mountains.

From the fractures in the rocks, young pines, lusty, rich and dark, are springing;

this combination of color and form giving foreground material to the sketcher, which he would have a difficulty in finding in such perfection elsewhere.

From Lake Minnie there leads a steep and zigzag trail to the divide which looks down into American Fork Canon, and from this commanding point, which is one of the highest accessible in the Wasatch, there may be had a most comhensive view in every direction.

The long line of the Uintahs disappear in trembling perspective to the east, the Weber Valley, with its settlements, is discernable far below to the north, and gleaming bits of the Great Salt Lake, beyond the valley, with the Oquirrhs, faint and blue, bound the northwest; and far away, melting into the dim and distant space to the south, Utah Lake and the Juab Valley are dimly visible.

When the writer beheld this scene, all this vast region to the south was overhung with ominous banks of clouds, across whose dark breasts the lightning was flashing, and whose swirling heads were driving hither aud thither under the effects of a mighty tempest, that was bearing its black burden northward, and threatening soon to reach us.

In a hour or two it was on our heads just as we reached our camp near Silver Lake, and that evening was the terrible storm which we have already described.

From the high point of view which we have mentioned, as well as from the opposite ridge leading to Big Cottonwood, there is a good opportunity to look down into Little Cottonwood Canon, and there one can best realize the gigantic proportions of the mountains which surround Alta, where the snows gather deepest in winter and send down the awful avalanches whose successive blows have wiped that once prosperous town from the face of the earth.

Far into the summer the long lines of snow lie deep in Superior Gulch, that awful gorge down which hundreds of snowslides have forced their irresistible course, carrying death and disaster on their way, and

MOUNTAIN SCENERY OF UTAH.

burying many a man in Dead Man's Gulch, just at its foot.

In fire and flood and avalanche, the dismal history of Alta has been written, and these dark chapters are now all that exist to prove that it was once a scene where thousands dwelt, and many a fortune was won artd lost.

Lake Annette.

There are scores of other lakes around these high peaks, most of them nameless, some of them rarely visited by human footsteps, and which we will not stop to describe; but there is a certain chain of them of which we cannot forbear giving a more detailed description.

The series of alpine lakes that are linked together near the head of Big Cottonwood Cafion, of which Lake Mary is the largest, is known by all who have traversed the mountains to be in the midst of the finest and most romantic scenery which the Wasatch affords.

They are reached by a footpath and horse trail only, the course from Brighton's being too steep for a carriage, but the path that is taken is a mountain idyll, leading under pine woods and groves of quakingasp, across alternate bits of sunshine and shadow, with frequent stretch- e s of flowery mead and mossy bank on which tender ferns grow luxuriantly and the scent of the wild musk fills the air with its delicate perfumes.

About half way, a particular steep climb is made to surmount the cliffs which hem in the vale of Si Iver Lake.

Over the brink, with a tumultuous roar, leaps a fine cascade of the waters which feed Big Cottonwood Canon, and that run from the series of lakes which we are about to describe.

The lowest of these bodies of water is called "Lake Phcebe,"having been so named by George Ottinger, the artist, who was one of the first to sketch in this region.

The

MOUNTAIN SCENERY OF UTAH.

subject has been frequently painted, and lends itself very graciously to the artist, composing with most har monious lines in the view that is first had of it from the trail.

A noble peak rises grandly at its back;

in the distance, snowcapped ridges are discernible;

pines fringe it on every side, and the stream which supplies it makes a merry waterfall at the farther end, reflecting broken lines of white on the breast of the lake that mingle with the rich, dark green and brown, lent by the pines.

Beyond this, the trail takes around great boulders of granite, between which the grass grows luxuriantly, and in whose fissures quaint pines weave their gnarled roots to Lake Mary, the gem of the mountains. To the right of this trail and down a steep descent winding through forests, a few people know how to find Lake Annette, a dainty bit of water that rests upon a shelf of the mountain in a most secluded spot.

Mr.

Lambourne and the writer once spent a whole day in a vain search for this elusive sheet of water, and when it was afterwards found the present writer gave it its name.

Lake Mary was christened by a sojourning artist named Bornemann, some time in the '70's, who visited this region in the company of some of our Wasatch by Moonlight.

resident painters.

He was a somewhat effusive German of considerable ability, and when the beautiful lake first burst upon his view his exclamations of delight are said to have awakened the echoes.

He scrambled to the top of one of the high granite mounds which look down upon the water and almost embraced a venerable pine whose bare gaunt arms seemed to stretch forth a. pax vobiscum to the spirits that sleep in the depths of the fathomless waters.

'Ah! "cried he, "should some rascally vandal cut down

2o6 MOUNTAIN SCENER Y OF b TAIL this tree, I would hang him, so help me Heaven."His wife's name was Mary, and with no little ceremony he made the lake her namesake, and has, no doubt, immortalized her thereby, for it is the only name by which this beautiful body of water is now, or will be known.

Scores of painters, from Bierstadt down, have attempted the difficult task of reproducing this delightful scene upon canvas, but the elements which contribute to its beauty are difficult for the painter to master, and they all admit h a v i ng met their match in the effort. But to those who do not attempt the almost sacri 1 e g i o u s task of endeavoring to reproduce this scene, who go to sit upon its banks and enjoy the delicious effect upon the senses which Lake Mary never fails to excite,, there is no disapp ointment, but only a rapturous sense of enjoyment which a description in words can A Wasatch Stream never convey, yet which remains aglow long afterwards in the hearts of all who have once felt it.

To our minds there is only 1 one rival in the mountains to Lake Mary, and that is Lake Blanche, which we described in a previous article, and even the latter is a rival only—it cannot be said to surpass it.

A quarter of a mile farther on, there is another body of water, called "Lake

Martha", nothemned in by grim rocks as the others are, but surrounded by soft slopes of verdant meadow, except as to its southern side, which is clothed with a vigorous forest of pines that have not yet suffered the devastation of the woodman's axe.

In the middle of the lake is a small circular island set around with white boulders, and crested with vigorous young pines, which an artist once likened to an Indian crown.

The island is only a little circumstance in a wilderness of pictorial beauty, but it is astonishing what a romance it seems to contribute to Lake Martha.

Another climb of a thousand or two yards leads to the highest lake in the series, which was named Catherine or Katrina, after Mrs. Brighton, of Silver Lake, a lady well known to thousands who have visited this neighborhood.

Lake Catherine is a pool of melted snow and ice, the origin of B i g Cottonwood Creek.

Vast beds of g 1 earning snow lie along its edge in July and August, and the waters have that pale intangible hue of green so characteristic of glacial pools.

The altitude at this spot is so great that the vegetation is of a different nature to that which surrounds the lower lakes.

The great wind currents which sweep incessantly from the northeast across all the high mountain peaks of Utah,', have exerted their steady pressure on the hoary old pines which cling in a most wierd and fantastic manner in the cliffs of the porphyritic rocks.

It is the limit of timber line, the moun-

FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

tains above being bare, and scored with perpendicular lines down.which the avalanches have rushed with uninterrupted force for centuries.

There is a romantic path around all these lakes that is known to many, although it is not the one most traveled.

It leads along the mountain side and looks down successively upon each of them.

Its way is beneath beautiful pines, among banks of flowers thatkseem here to bloom more freely than elsewhere, and it leads along the edge of high precipices and around beds of eternal snow.

The ever changing scene affords views of vast extent over the surrounding mountains and valleys, and it leads by easy steps to the crest of the ridge which looks down into Little Cottonwood Canon.

H. L. A.

Culmer.

FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

"There are more things in heaven and earth, than is dreamt of in your philosophy."

The phenomena of life in any direction is only apprehended by intelligence;

things out of the range of experience are largely met by incredulity;

things we have not seen or experienced, things we do not understand, or cannot comprehend, are habilitated in mystery, and even unbelief, whether in science, philosophy or religion, is mainly the product ofignorance, indifference or inexperience!

To the Indian, the railroad was inexplicable; to the resident of the tropics, ice or snow would be a marvel, and any miracle, is only such to the one unfamiliar with some law, which however hidden, is yet as real, and as easily comprehended of advanced intelligence as are the simpler relationships of "cause and effect."The man who accepts nothing save that which he can personally comprehend, will never accept much; the one who depends only on those senses which take hold of material things, can never enter into the arcana of mental and spiritual phenomena, and he who deems that he can circumscribe all things, usually in that assumption, only gives evidence of limited knowledge, of mental laziness, or arrogant presumption.

Furthermore, it is possible for one to be well informed as to science, business and politics; he may be a very cyclopedia of knowledge as to human history and human affairs; he may grasp the intricacies of the silver question, free trade, and all international issues;

may be an ardent student—nay, a teacher xn the philosophy of the world, and still be a stranger in regard to Divine philosophy, as exemplified in spiritual attainment, endowment and life; religion, with its intuitional and inspirational activities may be to him "a sealed book;"communnion with unembodied or resurrected beings may be the veriest myth;

faith, in its religious aspect, may be deemed superstitious, fanatical, shadowless and valueless; and yet, after all, there may be much in spirit communion and much power arid profit in the exercise of faith.

The natural man cannot discern. the things of God, for "they are foolishness to him;"unrecognizable by the common senses, yet perceived in and of the spirit, they are as tangible, as potent, as fascinating, as real and positive in action and permanence, as are'the things of earth.

They are in fact more so,—

''first spiritual, then temporal;"first the"substance, then the shadow;

first the eternal, then the transitory;

first the real and then the reflex, the latter valuable in its way and time, but ever unfolding from low conditions, and developing the higher, as ordained and decreed in that economy of

God, which from the depths of the infinite past, evokes the best through all cycles of change, by active laws of progress, throughout *that future which is as infinite as the past.

This is an age of inquiry, an age of individual assertion,an age of scepticism;

to deny is easy, some think it manly; to repudiate old thoughts, and to mock at ancient credulity, to ostentatiously throw down the old landmarks, is to be clever, and the greater the audacity the more

FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

sensational and eloquent the iconoclast may be, the more is he considered a representative of modern drift, thought and progress;

to treat sacred things "without gloves;"to speak in derision of the faith of the fathers, and to ridicule religious observances, books and ministers, is counted as moral courage—"a bearding of the lion in his lair!"And yet after all, how petty are the triumphs of science; how vapid the utterances of so-called wisdom; how limited in almost all the realms of thought and progress, when contrasted with that of the surging centuries; these surely in many directions dispute the asserted modern monopoly of scientific mastery ever material things.

Men tell of "lost arts"in every domain of human activities;

problems and practices familiar to ages long since gone are now alien to a generation claiming the effulgence of wisdom, and ever asserting that "the schoolmaster is abroad."When Napoleon was reviewing his cohorts beneath the shadows of the Pyramids, the colossal sphinx which guarded the avenue once lined by its associates leading up to the mystic temple chambers of Egyptian Priesthood, was that day as silent and inscrutable as it had been for the "four thousand years"which the Corsican said looked down upon those invaders whose warlike passions he would have stimulated to conquest and to crime.

The same stony gaze which saluted Moses in his youth, which had faced the shifting sands, and seen the ebb and flow of Nilus, was as stolid in regard to the historic past, as are the sphinxes of Christendom in regard to the trophies and glories of ancient faith and of meridian gospel light.

The lore of Egypt, and the lore of Christ are relegated equally to an ever past;the science and art of the one, and the spiritual forces of the other are deemed beyond recall, and are looked upon simply as being the elements of transitional periods, inapplicable or of doubtful utility in a more intellectual age.

Materiality and spirituality are equally incompatible with an age so self-reliant as is ours; present humanity is as much at a loss to explain the mechanical forces which built the pyramids of antiquity, as to explain or understand the spiritual forces which were exerted by faith in the less remote dawn of Christian philosophy.

As there are those who doubt that any now known mechanical skill, quarried, moved or laid the ponderous tiers of gigantic stone, so there are those who doubt that any now known spiritual action wrought the marvels which have been ascribed to faith.

Upon tablets and papyrus you get glimpses of a line of Pharaohs, and from the same you glean corroborative evidence of the existence of many mig hty men whose names are enshrined in Hebrew history.

These latter records of antiquity while necessarily brief, yet point out how, from Abel in the dawn, through

Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Moses of the morning; and so on past Gideon and Barak and Sampson and Jeptha, of David and Samuel and the prophets toward the mid-day hours, they were of those "Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to- flight the armies of the aliens.

Women received their dead raised to life again and others were tortured, not accepting deliverance that they might obtain a better resurrection: and others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings, yea, moreover, of bonds and imprisonment: they were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword:

they wandered about in sheep-skins and goat-skins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented;

(of whom the world was not worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth;"and so on from thence to the full meridian, where this same principle—faith, was lifted to mightier promise and unfolding, and undoubtedly for higher ends.

The personal ministry and mission of that great High

Priest Jesus Christ, was to exemplify the character of faith, and then to initiate his

FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

disciples into its use, hence will be found the idea that even He, could not do many mighty works in one locality because of the prevalent unbelief, and where this faith had an existence, "Be it as thou wilt,"or "in accordance with thy faith,'appeared to be all that was needed to be said by the Teacher in the way of appreciation or encouragement.

Indeed when his intimates failed to accomplish certain things, they were quietly reminded that that faith depended.

upon a law, in which was involved both "fasting and prayer;"and that faith could be enlarged was surely understood of those who asked, "Oh Lord increase our faith!"It is evident from the history that the manifestations of this principle were not as'familiar at that period of Israelitish history as it had been in the days of the worthies referred to, and probably scepticism as to that past, was lurking in the hearts of religionists in the time of Jesus,as it now lurks and finds larger expression among the religious sceptics of our day!

Is there implied in this a change in the character f>f faith? or rather may it not be better said, that there is a true and definite faith, and there is a spurious faith; the first being "the gift of God,"while the latter is of man's invention, the product of tradition, and of "vain philosophy,"consequently there is diversity of action, and non reliance as to result?

True faith is based on the knowledge of God; on the recognition of a revealed assurance that He is the hearer and the answerer of prayer, and that obedience to law is the only gaurantee of increased power.

Jesus understood that law. "He did nothing but what he had seen the Father do,"and yet he declared that all his mighty works could be excelled by his disciples, if they were but apt and ardent pupils in that science of which faith was evidently the corner stone.

This faith was the secret of power. An advanced student said of it, that "by it the worlds were framed, "another said that "without faith it is impossible to please God;"and the one who best understood its action declared to his apostles, "If you had faith as a grain of mustard seed, you could say to this mountain, 'Be thou removed,'and cast into the depths of the sea, and it would obey you! "Now the world looks upon this as hyperbole.as an exaggeration in accordance with eastern methods of expression, and even many of the Latter-day Saints, those who can testify to tongues and healings, and miracles, cherish oftentimes an unexpressed limit to the power of faith.

The fact that all the minutiae of detail, intervening between cause and effect, are unknown to the multitude is not to point, for they do not understand a thousand things in chemistry, or in natural philosophy which the thorough student is presumed to know;

it is an every day occurrence in the sceptical world to hear the assertion,that "nothing should 6e believed which cannot be understood."A common rustic asked one of these would-be-wise, if he could explain how a grass field could sustain andj produce hair on the horse, wool on the sheep, feathers on the goose and so on; the reply was in the negative, and while the argument may be vulnerable to the schools, its irony may enforce an idea, when logic would be altogether at fault.

There are those in our day who insist in this way, upon the erroneous character of restored Christianity, just as some did on its first introduction, they will not believe "except they see."Thomas was well rebuked for this spirit after the resurrection of his Lord, and "show us a miracle"has been repeated before hundreds of missionary elders everywhere in Christendom; one of these urging a sign, that "seeing, he might believe,"was asked if he had ever seen his own brains;

the tables thus neatly turned might be construed as "answering a fool according to his folly,"nevertheless exalted authority has said:

"Blessed are they who believe having seen, but more blessed are they who not having seen, yet believe If the assertion were to be made that every principle of the Gospel is to be apprehended mainly by the action of faith, it would be no injustice to the facts;

repentance is called the second principle

2IO FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

thereof, but its nature depends largely upon man's conceptions of the Deity and

Divine proximity, as portrayed in paragraphs already presented on faith.

Man may have dealt unrighteously with his fellow, his heart may testify to that, and an enlightened manhood, cultivation of the moral sentiment may suggest repentance even to restoration, a tender conscience may determine against further lapse as a principle of honor and of lifejyet at the best this is but morality, and takes no cognizance of Divine law violated, or of that responsibility which man owes to his Creator; but faith tells of sin, transgression, penalty, and true faith in God combined with faith in Jesus Christ, realizes the necessity of "a repentance which needeth not to be repented of that must be efficacious, because based upon an eternal principle, through the atonement wrought out of the Saviour, for all obedient subjects of his conferred authority.

Thus comes submission to the ordinance of "water baptism"for the "remission of sins;"new this may be to the novitiate, the man of "little faith"and full repentance, but having committed himself to a divine order by faith, he complies without much hesitation;

he may not comprehend the law by which the blessing is secured, but he sees at least that "God's ways are not man's ways,"nor does man see as He sees.

Others may doubt whether there is any connection here between cause and effect, while the intelligent actor may think of the despondent Israelites bitten of fiery flying serpents;

may remember how the stricken ones were simply asked to look upon the serpent of brass, created of Moses by the command of God, and that looking thus they lived.

Or he may mentally turn to that little episode in the diseased life of the captain of the Syrian host. He, by the chances of war, had taken captive a sympathetic little Israelitish maid, who, comprehending his infirmity, gave expression to her wish, "that my master were with the prophet of the Lord, that he might be healed of his leprosy."

A loving, and no doubt sorrowing wife, repeated these words of stirring interest to her stricken husband, who forthwith hasted to where the Prophet dwelt, and he without deigning to accord a personal interview to this alien dignitary, sent word that seven times dipping in the river Jordan would deliver him from his affliction.

As often happens with haughty, unreflecting man, Naaman turned away in a rage, asking, why the Prophet should single out the Jordan River, beyond those of Arban and Pharphar (his own rivers) which he deemed "better than all the waters in Israel."Human philosophy and divine wisdom were here in conflict, but circumstances suggested obedience, and the narrative assures that after full compliance the flesh of the stricken captain became again "as that of a'little child It surely had to be the Jordan River, seven times Naaman had to be dipped;

no other river and nothing less than seven times immersion would have brought the desired blessing Can the world fathom the relation between cause and effect in either of these incidents, or in many others which are recorded?

If so, then may they see the connection between repentance followed by water baptism, and the promised "remission of sins Divine intelligence does, and some enlightened servants of God may comprehend this law of spiritual science, as does the practical chemist the laws of material change or force, but the great majority do not, even though they may have decided ideas, and had some experience as to action and results.

Many a good housewife is familiar with the making of bread, she may combine the flour and yeast, set the sponge, give, it its proper time for rising, may have the oven just right, and produce the best—ah, the most perfect bread; the chemical action of the elements used, is to her however unknown, and cannot by her be explained or by one in ten thousand of her sex;

experience has made uncertainty rare, yet there may be poor flour, poor yeast, unfavorable conditions for raising and for baking;

the housewife who can point out beyond controversy the difficulty or apply the remedy is only to be found

FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

here and there.

So in spiritual things, tens of thousands may be able to testify of the power of faith, may know that repentance toward God and man,followed by submission to the ordinance of water baptism guarantees "the remission of sins,"but the inner workings of these eternal principles may be "as a book that is sealed,"and this does not militate against the acceptance of the blessing, or that "evidence of things unseen"which is of faith, any more than the ignorance of the housewife does in regard to bread production, and the enjoyment thereof when properly received.

Still further suggestive and progressive in the path of divine life, is that promised "Gift of the Holy Ghost,"which comes by the "laying on of hands;"it is exceedingly doubtful whether human philosophy or the science ofthe schools, will ever attain to a comprehension of this subtle influence, or discover its characteristic by any method of analysis known to the laboratory; all known elements, whether solid or fluid, are detected and controlled by law, their property and action can only be determined when obedience to the law of their being is made known and applied.

And that there is something mysterious in the action of this element called the Holy Spirit, is evident from the words of Jesus, who said, "The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, or whither it goeth;

so is every one that is born of the Spirit In this ordinance of "the laying on of hands,"there may be no outward manifestation, no visible transmission of this subtle, yet vital and veritable gift; nothing more may be realized at the time save that of wondrous, unexplainable calm and peace;

but like the little leaven whose action finally leavens the whole lump, so in time all the "fruits of the Spirit"as spoken of by ancient recipients and testified of in our day, are the manifest evidences of its potency and reality.

Chemical and spiritual affinities are somewhat similar in this, that, "like cleaveth unto like,"and the spirit of life and light finds no lodgment where the heart is non-receptive, or its active forces are in opposition to that which is divine.

The sceptic disclaims any allegiance of thought or belief to that which he calls supernatural, or beyond the range of common experience, and there are those professing to be so utterly matter-of-fact in their composition, that they will not believe, they will not accept that which they cannot comprehend As all true science is justified of the experiments of its students and professors, so is every righteous law justified by the obedience of each willing soul; else it could never have been said, "Ye will not come unto me, that ye may have eternal life,"or that ye may have it more abundantly.

This non-action on the part of the unbeliever abroad, is probably less to be deplored, than is the indifference and lack of active participancy among our youth at home; to the former, testimony is not continuous, traveling missionaries come and go, and they are mainly unknown to those whom they address; but in Utah we "live and move and have our be'mg'J in the atmosphere of testimony—the tes.

mony of our fathers, our mothers, our friends, who having "tasted of the good word of life,"are intensely solicitous, that all the youth of modern Israel should have this abiding testimony for themselves.

These are charged, that this only comes by faith, obedience and perseverance, and yet in many there are objections; such a course is inadmissible on any basis of reasoning, and the only excuse—when such there are—consists, as asserted, in an inability to connect the re"quired act and the reception of the blessing.

Yet the weary man, anxious to be at rest and peace, acts from a different standpoint; for the first time he sees the electric car on our streets, they are a mystery to him, he does not understand the nature of the propelling force, he cannot see it, does not know how it is applied, yet as it waits there some one testifies that if he gets aboard, it will take him home.

Faith in that testimony brings the blessing, and he would be deemed a fool to-day who would deny himself a ride until he understood the nature of electric force.

FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

Our senses, based on materialty or that which is substantia], cannot always discern the elements around us. We are environed by an atmosphere which reaches many miles overhead;

it is asserted by scientists that it rests upon man at the seaboard with a pressure of fifteen pounds to the square inch; owing to the elevation this may be less dense to us, but in either case we cannot see it with the natural eye; though the scientist may weigh, analyze and separate its constituent parts, millions there are who inhale it every moment, and do not know it;

even its pressure would be denied were it not exhibited in the simoon, the cyclone, the hurricane, by its dire effects.

Still more etherial is the perfume of a flower, the odor of musk;

had these a voice, they would claim density for atmosphere beyond compare with that of themselves;

infinitessimal must be their atomic parts, since ho method known to science can detect by weight any difference in a piece of musk though it may have thrown off particles of odor for ten or twenty years.

The essential spirit-man is doubtless still more rare and refined than this;

for no common human eye hath ever beheld the real—the spiritman; myriads have passed away subject to the most intense observation of friends, yet none of these ever witnessed the exit of that mysterious, subtle yet organized individuality of spirit which constitutes the living, thinking man, that which simply utilizes a denser element to bring his intelligence into communion with the more crude material things.

It is difficult to realize how even the resurrected body bids defiance to the laws which are to us familiar, or to tell how the Saviour passed into the room where the disciples were asssembled, when "the doors were shut;"or how he finally set aside the universal (?) law of gravity, when those "men of Galilee"stood gazing up into heaven, "until a cloud received the Master out of sight."

Human wisdom, human experience, human comprehension, stands awesmitten while thinking of that rarest of all element in the universe—the Holy Spirit • of God;

that which is the light, life and intelligence of all the worlds that are or will be; diffused in and through all things, it is a lawgiver, a revealer, yet subject to the law itself, and only claiming an abiding place and increase in man, in proportion as he entertains its monitions and purifieth himself as God is pure.

"It will not dwell in unholy temples,"it "will not always strive with man,"and even the Father only seeketh such to worship Him, as do so,""in spirit and in truth."Now this benign, this intelligent, this refining spirit is given to man in the gospel by "the laying on of hands;"feeble in action mayhap in the beginning, but the demonstration, the testimony of that fact is just as patent to observation and to some of the finer sensibilities of man as is atmospheric commotion to the ear and eye, proximity of perfume and flowers to the olfactory nerves, enjoyment of a variety of food by the nerves of taste, electric force by the actual transmission of a message on the wires, or the transportation of the physical or material things;

the making of bread by the housewife, soap making, butter production, or any other of the processes of science, whether in chemistry or natural philosophy—in higher or lowlier things.

We dwell in a universe of law, we are creatures of law, sometimes we obey unwillingly, sometimes mechanically or passively, at other times when the higher faculties of mentality and spirituality are to be called upon, that wonderful endowment of man called agency, uses or neglects opportunity, accepts or rejects the blessing, receives salvation or otherwise, at the behest of its individual volition.

The spirit of incredulity, of scepticism, of indifference, of non-compliance with the laws of life and spiritual advancement, is not a good one, nor is it profitable.

Truth cannot be set aside by a sneer, the hearing of the Gospel is attended by responsibility, reiterated testimony received in silence as rejected with contempt, will some day claim the penalty.

Some may reject the statement of a divine principle, on the ground that they cannot see it, cannot understand, or cannot conceive how cause and effect are so

FAITH, IN DIVINE SCIENCE.

inseparable, or how blessing can only come in one special or particular manner.

It is many years ago since some

English scientists and philosophers undertook to publicly declare their unbelief in the efficacy of prayer. They invited the religious world to contest—throwing down the gauntlet of battle; the skeptics suggested that a hospital should be arranged or erected, in which half the patients should be treated by science, the other half by religious ordinance and prayer.

The controversy somewhat demoralized the clergy, and the religious sentiment of the nation was so outraged that the prayergauge—as it was called, never went beyond the proposition and comments thereupon.

The Bible reader and believer could scarcely fail to be reminded of an incident somewhat similar in the days of the prophet Elijah.

It appears as if there was a controversy in that region as to the respective merits of the

God of Israel and the god of the heathen known as Baal;

the worshipers of the former were led by the Prophet Elijah, and the priests of the latter in great numbers with a host of worshipers were gathered in undisguised rivalry;

a day was appointed to determine the question, which was indeed "a day of decision;"terms were made, and preparations set afoot;

the cry had gone forth, "If the Lord be God, serve Him!""But if Baal, then serve him."There was no hesitancy, no misgivings, apparently on either side, the Prophet of God, alone, and the priests of Baal in force The altars were erected, the sacrifices were prepared, ceremony followed ceremony on the part of the priests, and ex.

citement increased as the morning sped toward noon;

in their frenzy they leaped upon the altar and cut themselves with knives, until the blood of the now enraged priests and the blood of the sacrifices mingled in one common pool. The Prophet, standing apart, looked upon these frantic worshipers with mingled feelings of pity and contempt may be, yet sanguine of triumph even when he ironically urged them to greater zeal and demonstrations which told of baffled hope.

"Cry aloud,"said he, "may be your god is engaged, is weary, or asleep, or gone on a journey,"and so on until near the time of the going down of the sun, when the altar of God was repaired, the wood laid upon it, the sacrifice slain and spread;

then, as if the Prophet would still further discomfit and humiliate his opponents, he caused a trench to be dug around the altar he had erected, then asked for four barrels of water which were poured upon'the sacrifice, and upon the wood, still again the second and the third time, until every thing around was saturated and the trench was filled to overflowing; now for the test and crucible of faith;

it was a critical time, when the Prophet summoned as witnesses the multitude who had gathered for an expected demonstration.Then from his great heart in mighty faith went up his appeal to the God of Israel, for the answer was to be by fire; this was the covenant, this the token of approving power, this the arbiter for the grand decision.

Quick as an electric flash, before those stricken thousands the flame descended; the sacrifice and wood became consumed; and the water in the trenches round about went off at the bidding fierceness of consuming heat!

What religionists of to day dare venture upon such a test?

Not a Sectarian, scarcely a Latter-day Saint whose testimony as to the living God has been created of a thousand experiences and manifestations in the flight of years.

Sectarian priests winced when the apostles of science suggested the prayerguage; they durst not put to the test that historic faith which had never been tested.

in the fires of personal experience, as proved by individual knowledge.

So this day is "a day of controversy."The Saints know that God lives; that He is not dead nor sleeping; that He hears and answers;

that He has manifested Himself; they know also that salvation comes through the man whom He has appointed—the man, Christ Jesus;

they know that that order of things, those ordinances, that Church as organized, that power, those gifts, which gave glow to humanity in the towns and villages of Palestine are restored again toman; they know that prophets and apostles, that

2I 4 A SOAC, gifts and blessings, that healing and tongues, that the power of faith and the influence of the Holy Spirit of God are both being exerted in the life and experience of the faithful and the obedient.

The Latter-day Saints know that the promises are "yea and amen"to every one that believeth; that remission of sins as certainly follows repentance and the ordinance of water baptism by authority as it did in olden times; and that the Holy Ghost is now given in the order of God and the Gospel, as in the days of pristine Christianity.

They may not know of a surety why this should be so; they may not know how the phenomena, the proven results are brought to pass; they may not be able to explain in detail the operation of spiritual and eternal principles;

but like the. blind man who, when healed, they can—they do say, "Whereas 1 was born blind, now I see! "The world will be judged by this testimony,, the posterity of the Saints will be personally responsible, will pay the penalty "if they neglect so great salvation! "Subterfuge, incredulity, skeptical objection, and worldly indifference will be valueless in the day of decision yet to come;

it will then be found that faith is justified of her children, that divine law is paramount, that spiritual pl^feophy will endure and its principles operate and triumph, "When Error's schemes shall fail and fall

And Truth evolve a rounded whole!"H.

W.

Naisbitt.

If there is one struggle more than another in which the race is not to the swift nor the battle to the strong, but to those who endure to the end, it is in this struggle for eternal life.

There is no one great thing that man can do and then do no more and obtain eternal life.

"The Gospel"by Roberts.

A SONG.

This morn my heart believed thee true

And brightly beamed the sky;

Each flow'r that smiled, each breeze that blew,

But whispered:

Love is nigh!

I dreamed not that the fair young flow'r

Should wither e'er the noon, Nor thought I of the noontide's pow'r

To snatch my joy so soon!

'The bending sky, so softly blue,

A blessing seemed to pour, And murmured that my love was true

What need I wish for more?

My hand was warmly clasped in thine,

Thy beaming eye spoke love, I measured all its breadth by mine,

High as the heav'ns above.

For oh! my heart believed thine true,

As true, dear, as mine own;

The sweet, warm faith I lost in you Hath left me doubly lone.

I knew not that I played with pain

When love once claimed my heart;

And now I vainly would regain A strength from him to part.

I look upon the stars to-night,

Those gems so far, yet dear, And wonder if their gentle light

Can harbor sorrow's tear For since my heart's best off'rings, laid Low at your feet, you spurn, The flow'rs of earth to dimness fade,

To heav'n's soft beams I turn And find delusion; yonder stars

But wander in the night;

This lovely canopy but bars Dense blackness from the sight.

Bright worlds roll on beneath God's eye

Believing space is blue, And tender hearts are born to die

Believing love is true.

Now hold, my heart, nor deem that plaint

Is just:

those orbs shine on From inward strength, nor do they faint

In waiting for the dawn.

Be thou as strong, poor heart, and shine

Through darkness with thy faith;

Nor deem that joy and light divine

Are found alone in death.

Ruby Lamont.

SONG OF THE TORRENT.

Colonia Juarez, Mexico, March, 1892.

Editor Contributor:

I spent the month of October, 1891, in surveying a line across the Sierra Madre

Mountains, crossing high ridges and tremendous canons, and one night camped wi^fciy party of eleven men and five pack-horses, in a deep and rocky gorge of the Rio de Gabilanas (river of hawks)—the sides of the canon a thousand feet deep, and so steep as to be almost impossible of ascent or descent, except at the point where we struck it.

Our camp was on the site of an old stone ruin, Toltec probably, and as I lay upon the ground, listening to the sound of the pure mountain stream, the following thoughts came to me, which you may publish if you think them worthy a place in your magazine.

The huge cliffs, the brawling stream, the oaks and pines, the ruddy camp fire, the gentle sigh of the breeze, and distant cry of the jaguar, or perhaps a panther—all formed a picture lovely, grand, and weird, and one, I think, I shall never forget, though for many years accustomed to such scenes.

J. H. Martineau.

1.

My couch is spread In the rocky bed Of a canon dark and wild, Whose craggy steeps Full a thousand feet, Are cliffs and boulders piled.

The oak and pine And clinging vine And rocks that arch o'erhead, Safe covert make For bear and snake And jaguar, fierce and dread.

There's a stealthy tread About my bed, And the panther's wailing cry Is borne on the breeze, As it stirs the trees, With a solemn, eerie sigh.

The Torrent's song As it leaps along Its rocky, devious way, Hath now a tongue As it rushes on And this I hear it say:

Vain man! who art so proud and strong,

In self-conceit so wise What is thy life An infant's span What see'st thou with thine eyes?

That grand old oak was strong and firm

Five hundred years ago What is thy life a passing gleam A flake of melting snow "That huge gray rock that thee o'ertowers,

Counts centuries by scores;

Its years pass quick as summer showersCompare its age with yours!

And I, the Brook, that speak to thee

Through centuries untold Have sung my song unceasingly;-

Canst thou be called old?

"And mighty nations have been born

Grown haughty in their pride:

Have waged great wars—been overthrownDecreased—decayed, and died

And generations, too, have passed,

A countless, misty throng Have lived and died, until at last

Their names are e'en unknown!!

"Here, by thy couch, old ruins lie

Of a race now lost and dead;

Unseen, their spirits hover nigh

And cluster round thy head.

For centuries they dwelt—increased

And roamed these mountains grand

Now, even memory hath ceased Of those who held this land.

"Then what is man!

A passing sigh A mote that floats in air;

Like clouds—a moment seen on high

That quickly disappear.

Then art thou old, thou passing breath?

Dost thou lay claim to age?

A moment here, and then comes death

To close thy earthly page."III.

For a moment dumb Is the Torrents'tongue.

And ceased is its sermon grand Our camp fire bright Bathes with ruddy light The cliffs on either hand.

Then again begins The Brook to sing Its interrupted song, And stars shine bright With silvery light As I lie and ponder long.

THE SENATOR FROM

UTAH.

A STORY OK THE FUTURE.

"The truth is, gentlemen,"said the Senator, looking around upon the eager and interested faces grouped about the table in his private office at Washington, "that there exists in Salt Lake City to-day as dangerous an element of strife as in any spot on the globe.

The State is swarming with secret societies which are a constant menace both to the interests of capital and the lives of its representatives.""I thought Utah the one spot on earth which would remain free from the strifes and dissensions raging in other parts of the world,"remarked a:pale-faced man sitting at his elbow.

"Conditions have changed since you were there,"returned the Senator.

"During the first years of statehood the prosperity consequent upon the development of our many industries made the condition of all classes one of comparative content.

But "But,"interrupted the pale man at his side, "at length, capital, ignoring the lessons taught by the experience of other communities—working through the same old selfish principles and methods of monopoly, placed its hand upon the materials of production, at each new accession of power, tightening its vise -like grasp upon the rights of labor, and the result was "The fact now is,"said the Senator, taking up the other's words impatiently, but without refutation, "that we have as dangerous a condition of affairs to face as any other city in the Union. "''I saw only peace and prosperity when I was there,"ruminated his neighbor, with a tone of regret and half unbelief.

"Any one,"answered the Senator somewhat pugnaciously—raising his tone; "any one coming to Salt Lake at the present time, and moving only in the central and eastern part of the city, would possibly gain no hint of the existence of an element of poverty or discontent.

Our Capitol Hill and principal avenues are crowded with palaces, and the distant streets and suberbs with respectable mansions and cottages;

but afar, at the base of the Oquirrhs, and in the cafions about them has grown up a town of tenements and hovels apart and almost distinct from the city in the eastern part of the valley.

What Chinatown was once to San Francisco, and the Italian Quarter to New

Orleans, so our "Labortown,"as we chooSe to style it, is to the City of Salt Lake.

The only difference is that in this case the entire population is organized into a society pledged to wage incessant and deadly warfare, not only against the interests of capital, but the lives of its representatives.

So great is the cause for apprehension that I am expecting any day may bring me news of the destruction of my home, if not the assassination of one or all of my family.""There is but one way to avert such events,"said George Goulden, a slender dark -faced man sitting at the further end of the table—threading his beard with a white, nervous hand—"and that is to take some decisive step before they have time to carry out their designs.

If sensible means—and by that I mean severe means—had been taken to intimidate these malcontents years ago, my father never would have met his death at the hands of violence.

If I had but the power and means for enforcing my will, an example should be made of the principal movers in these strifes periodically, as a warning to the rest of the rabble.

Such steps would have a more wholesome effect on them than the peace and plenty they pretend to be struggling for.""I am with you heart and soul in that belief,"said the Senator, bringing his closed hand down with force on the table;

"it is my settled conviction that there is but one way in which to meet this question, and that is to face terrorism with its own mask and weapons.

Certainly, all other methods have failed; and we have either to meet this problem with some such effort, or continue to submit our lives to the ceaseless anxiety aud fear occasioned through their threats and attempts at violence.

I will say for myself, that if it were not that my prominent

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

position in Salt Lake pledges me to discretion, I would take steps at once towards making an example of some of the rabble there, either publicly or privately, for the sake of the general good."

A murmur of approval from all present answered these words.

Before it subsided, a messenger entered the room, handing a telegram to the Senator.

Opening it hastily, he read as follows:

"Salt Lake City.

To Bradford Severn.

A crisis is at hand—come at once.

"Hugh Severn."With pale lips the Senator read the words aloud, and a moment afterwards hurriedly left the room.

An hour later he was on his way to Salt Lake.

About a mile westward from Garfield

Beach, where the mouth of a green canon opens southward into the Oquirrhs, a man was threading his way, somewhat stealthily, through the scattered pines above the roadway, with the seeming intention of avoiding anyone who might be traversing the path below.

Reaching a point where the canon curved abruptly, answering the monition of a protuberant finger of the hills, he paused cautiously, his gaze directed towards a small cottage perched afinong the pine trees lining a scant hollow some distance above the road.

No one was in sight about the house, but a blue volume of smoke issuing from either of the low chimneys on the rooftop, hinted the presence of persons inside. Taking a position well in the shadow of the trees, whose thick growth sheltered the hill curve from a view of the house, the young stranger, with his eyes fixed upon the doorway, settled himself to wait for the object of his visit to emerge from the house.

It was the sunset of a warm September day, and the lake below, upon which Hugh Severn turned now and then a momentary glance, as he impatiently watched and waited—spread like a sheet of flame to the horizon, its yellow ripples and surfs flashing like sparks from the blazing surface.

The plain, too, was aglow, and while both lay vivid before the open brilliance of the west, the canon which Hugh Severn had entered was dimming with the presence of soft, gray-blue shades children of the coming purple shadows of twilight, which, with stealthy leap and sudden ambuscade were chasing the afternoon's emerald and ochre colors from the slopes and hollows of the enclosing mountain walls. The cottages and miners'cabins, dotting here and there the hillside, showed friendly and homelike, nestled cosily in the deepening shades, happy in an escape from the sunlight, whose clear golden rays were wont to strike in discord upon their bald and dingy tones.

Varied and striking pictures were all these which lay within the young man's range of vision—the canon's shadowed depths, the flaming lake and sky, the gold-lit plain stretching to the east, till stopped by the steel-blue bar of

Wasatch peaks, with here and there white patches of alkali startling its expanse in close proximity to the green and gold of orchard and grain fields which flaunted their rich hues triumphantly before the pauper habilaments of the sage.

Yet whatever gift of appreciation may have been the possession of his normal condition of mind, the claims of this ideal scene lay outside the sphere of his present troubled consciousness, and he turned unheedingly from the sight, bending ever a more impatient look towards the cottage.

At length his watch was rewarded.

A girlish figure appeared from around a corner at the rear of the house, and came swiftly down the winding path which led to the road.

In a moment more she joined Hugh Severn at the curve of the hill.

"I have been waiting for you, Arden,"said Severn, taking both her hands in his, but with something of his impatience expressed in his tone.

I could not leave the house before, Hugo,"said the girl quietly. "Father and

Otto are there, and I could make no excuse to leave them.

They are at supper now, and I have a little moment to spare.

They would be very angry indeed, Hugo,"she continued softly, but somewhat plaintively, "if they knew that I speak to you"—using the childish phraes in good faith.

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

"I have no doubt that they have a reverent enough hatred for me to induce them to place you under lock and key, if they supposed you guilty of the crime of acknowledging my friendship,"said Hugh with irony.

"It is not that they dislike you—so much—Hugo,"answered the girl hesitatingly, "but your—your father—he, you know—

"I know that the sum of their grievance is that he possesses advantages of wealth and power which they are obliged to do without,"answered Hugh hastily and roughly.

Arden drew back startled and offended.

His tone in regard to the affairs which stood between them had hitherto been so considerate and delicately guarded, that it was she who had been accustomed to make the reproaches against her kindred, blaming them as narrow and ungenerous for holding a causeless enmity against the Senator and his family.

Her surprise and pain, at his unexpected outburst, showed itself in her face, and in a moment Hugh had caught her hands again, looking contrite and humble.

"Forgive me,"he said, "I spoke hastily, But it seems little less than preposterous in my eyes that their prejudice against mere conditions should take the form of personal animosity, and be the means of keeping us apart."In a moment Arden's expression changed.

The curves of her sensitive mouth drooped and a mist floated in the soft golden brown eyes.

"It is unjust"she said simply.

"If these things are nothing to you-why should it matter to them?

It would seem possible that you—perhaps—might have—prejudices, she continued, flushing as she spoke, "but instead it is they who are narrow."

It was the first time she had alluded to these subjects of difference, but Hugh's humbleness in the face of their open animosity appealed to her generous nature, and she made up by blaming them to him though apart from this they were the beings noblest and dearest to her on earth.

The brief silence which followed her words was broken by Hugh.

"Well,"he said, a certain anxiety and watchfulness showing through his careless manner, "how long is it to go on?

When will all this hatred and opposition cease?"

An anxious look crossed Arden's face.

"I have been frightened, Hugh,"she said somewhat tremulously.

"There is something that keeps them both anxious and restless.

I cannot tell what it is—there are only whispers—a word now and then—but I fear that something* important and serious is to take place,"A strange expression came into Hugh's eyes.

"Tell me what you have heard Arden,"he said softly, but with eagerness.

"It is so little that I know, Hugo"hesitated the girl—"to reveal it, would only bring trouble to those who are dear to me.""But it might save me and others from some great peril, Arden,"pleaded Severn.

Arden was silent, a slight paleness coming into her cheeks, and the moisture deepening in her eyes.

"It would be base,"she said at length, with an upward glance of entreaty into Hugh's face, "and it could do no good, for I know nothing nothing that could help you.

I can only warn you to be watchful."Hugh dropped her hands with a quick, impatient gesture.

"You are not willing to help me with a word that will save my life!"he exclaimed in high, angry tones.

Before Arden could reply, the door of the cottage above them opened, and her father came out on the porch.

Arden turned with a pleading look to Hugh.

"I dare not let him see us together, "she said.

"But Hugo,"she continued, laying a gentle hand on his shoulder, "I will explain all in time if you will only wait and—and trust me."Hugh made no reply to her words, and coldly withdrawing from her light touch, strode to the foot of the slope, where his horse stood fastened among the pines.

Mounting, he raised his hat with a cold nod of farewell, and rode moodily down the hillside.

Arden stood for a moment regretfully looking after his retreating form.

She had known him hitherto as only as suave and gentle—ever courteous and considerate in speech and act—and his sud-

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

den change of manner surprised and perplexed her.

Their acquaintance had existed only during the past summer, but the short period had been attended with circumstances of a slightly romantic nature.

They had met on the occasion of an excursion from Garfield Beach around the lake and to the islands,—whither Arden had gone in company with John and Emily Dering, old friends of her father's.

During the trip young Alan Glenfaun her brother's friend—attaching himself to the little party by Otto's consent and deputization, acted as principal escort—a favor enjoyed by reason of the friendship reposed in him by both father and son—their confidence havingbeen gained through his outspoken sympathy with the labor cause.

This confidence the young man gladly and openly seized as an excuse for his attentions to Arden, and the.young girl had been the recipient of a homage/ devoted and sincere as it was respectful and unassuming.

Arden had evinced a certain preference for his society, and affairs were in halcyon progress until the date of the excursion, when an ill wind blew, tearing the pretty romance in shreds.

On the steamer which carried them across the lake was Hugh Severn, and Alan, brought into proximity with him as he strolled about the deck with Arden on his arm, had introduced them—a rather close intimacy with Hugh at college in the past, giving warrant for the liberty.

Hugh, taking a sudden fancy to the sweet childish face with its halo of auburn curls, had not only improved the present opportunity for producing an agreeable impression, but had made clever efforts towards prolonging their acquaintance, afterwards.

After the excursion there had been many meetings at the Beach, and once or twice of late in the shadow of pines near the hill curve below the house—secret always now, since her father seeing her one day walking with Hugh on the pavilion at the Beach had forbidden her to keep his acquaintance.

Every one outside the ranks of labor who wore the badge of the hated alien corps of wealth and station, figured in Burgund Rath's prejudiced mind as a normal and natural enemy, whose acquaintance or seeming friendship boded his class no good.

Arden seeing an injustice in this estimate of Hugh's character, deemed it an act ot justice and generosity, to show her faith in the falsity of these assumptions, by continuing their friendship.

A little dazzled and flattered by the attentions of her bold admirer, she had became more and more forgetful of the worth of her former lover—her feminine but withal charming nature touched by the more romantic aspect of Hugh's devotion.

To-day's occurrence was the first instance of disagreement between them;

and when Arden turned to retrace her steps to the house, it was with a regretful moisture in her eyes that the sweet dream had been even for a moment disturbed.

A week before the telegram was dispatched which called for the Senator's return to Salt Lake, invitations had been given out by his wife and daughter for a ball to take place at their residence on Capitol Hill. The date occurred on the day of the Senator's arrival home which was the evening following Hugh's interview with Arden at West Salt Lake.

Though distrust and danger brooded in the atmosphere, the preparations for the festivities had been carried on with every evidence of lavish display.

The colored electric lanterns which illuminated the mansion and grounds, flashed their myriad mingling colors on the white walls and dome of the Capitol across the way, making it show—a brilliant beacon from the far oft western plains—and lit the wide lawn and winding walks about the house into a scene of enchantment.

Brilliantly costumed guests grouped here and there about the grounds, yielded an exquisite finish to the picture;

and one 'of the effective tableaux unconciously produced in this unstudied grouping, was that furnished by a young couple who stood chatting together somewhat apart from the rest.near one of the bright-hued pavilions on the lawn.

Strikingly beautiful at all times—the brunette splendor of JeanGlen- faun's eyes, hair and complexion were tonight enhanced into almost startling loveliness by the exquisite contrast of the

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

pale blue draperies which robed her figure;

and Howard Whitely, the quiet and manly appearing young fellow who stood beside her, had that blonde difference of look and temperament which made him a fitting companion-figure for her darkly beautiful and impassioned personality.

"I am becoming sensitive to an influence of hypnotism, "he was saying with an assumption of lightness, "and however innocently it may be exercised, mv only chance to save myself from becoming totally oblivious to the claims of other engagements is to break, at once from the spell.

'You are not intending to remain then?"Jean Glenfaun asked, a shade of disappointment showing itself in her expressive face.

"Not at present,"was the reply.

"I came early to get my name on your programme before keeping an engagement with Alan.

If I am to be favored, I shall return from a waltz before the ball is over."He reached forth his hand as he spoke, and with a charming smile, Jean handed him the dainty silver leafed tablet.

"You are going with Alan to West Salt Lake?"she asked, as he wrote his name opposite the last waltz on the delicately chased scroll.

"Yes.

He was kind enough to procure my admission to the union meeting at Factory Hall.

I consider myself fortunate, for it is an unusual thing for them to accord such liberty to an outsider.""Shall you report the details,"Jean asked, with interest.

"The visit is not a professional one"returned the young journalist, "if it were, I fear I should stand very little chance of being admitted.""Alan is to speak before them tonight for the first time"said Jean, "and I confess to a little anxiety in regard as to how he will be received.

His heart and soul are wrapped up in the thought of redeeming the valley from the evils which are rife, and he has joined with the Union

Clubs, thinking it the only means by which to achieve the redemption.""I am afraid he is wearing his strength away for a vain cause,"returned Howard.

"The flood cannot be checked now, save by bloodshed and warfare, and it is his desire to avoid both."''I wish he were not joining actively with the Unions"said Jean wistfully: "I sympathize wholly in my brother's aims, indeed he is too conscientious to engage in any work that has not for its basis a righ purpose.

But he is impetuous, selfsacrificing to a fault, and his nature and disposition will lead him to be foremost in any undertaking, however dangerous, provided it should hold the hope of furthering his loved cause.

I revere his high purpose, but fear lest any day he may be led causelessly into danger."Her eyes were dim with tears as she spoke, and Howard felt his heart thrill, seeing her in this new phase of sweetness and tenderness.

He had seen her in changeful moods, imperious, wilful and teasing, but never before in this subdued light of tenderness and affection.

He took the fan which she held, clasping in his own the hand which touched his at the same time.

Warm words trembled on his lips, but before he could utter them, a step sounded on the graveled path, and Hugh Severn stood before them.

"I cannot allow you to deprive me of my waltz"hesaid, addressing Jean with a smile—"Will you come?"he continued offering her his arm. Jean turned to Howard with a smile of adieu.

"I. shall not forget that the last waltz is yours"she said, and the next moment turned away, a changed being now, however—the momentary softness and tenderness vanished, and every trace of the old, enchanting elusive self returned with force to haunt and perplex him.

For a moment he stood watching the radiant figure on its way through the grounds, then turned with a sigh and walked away.

An hour later he stood with Alan Glenfaun at the door of the Factory Hall, at West Salt Lake.

The room was a basement and took its name from the building over-head, which was used as a shoe factory.

After the remonetization of silver, the country swarmed with counterfeiters, and during the summer of 19—, a clever band had settled at West Salt Lake, and erecting this building on the

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

southern shore, conducted a shoe factory in the upper part, while carrying on in the basement below, the operations of what may be paradoxically termed their legitimate business of counterfeiting.

The room had been cleverly constructed of double walls of adobe, furnished with an inside lining of the new material azothaton,—dense and impenetrable as iron, which served to shut out all sound of whatever operations were carried on inside, the means of light and air being provided by narrow transoms set in the wall at close intervals under the ceiling.

The one means of entrance was from the outside and this in the form of an iron ribbed and bolted door, which added in making the place an impregnable stronghold in case of attack.

When, through the treachery of one of their members, the band were at last routed, the building had become, and remained, untenanted for several years. Of late, however, it had been leased by Burgund Rath, who was at the head of a co operative shoe factory, and the basement served now as a meeting hall for the Labor Unions at West Salt Lake.

The two friends descended the steps, and after giving the pass word to a dark-bearded Russian, whose huge frame guarded the entrance, were admitted to the hall.

They found the place well nigh filled with men who were listening to the remarks of a youthful looking German, who was addressing them from a low platform at the opposite end of the hall.

"It is Otto Rath, one of the leading spirits of the Union"answered Alan in reply to Howard's query.

The two friends took their seats near the door, but Otto espying Alan called his name at once, at the same time beckoning him forward;

and Alan amidst the turning of heads and an indesisive clapping of hands walked to the platform.

As he took his place before them, a little ripple of good natured sarcasm went round, his slight, youthful figure and delicate face surrounded by short close blonde curls, making him look boyish and inefficient, a striking contrast to the stalwart figures before him.

For a moment he stood silent, his sensitiveness making him keenly aware ol the impression created by his appearance and inexperience.

Presently however, he began to speak, and in a moment his self-consciousness was lost in the glow of an eloquent harangue, his white lids with their girlish droop wide opened, his soft gray eyes dark, and flashing with the warmth of enthusiasm; and as he stood, a slender and impassioned figure, setting forth with words clear-cut and forcible, without any of the effeminate rhetoric which they had expected, the facts of the existent evils, with their attendent legends of injustice and wrong, a murmur of approval went round, and his sentences and periods were interrupted by encouraging little flashes of applause.

Presently, however, his words diverged into a new tone.

There was a vague and delicate allusion to some important purpose which had been discussed, and then, in pleading but forceful words, he denounced the policy of violence, reminding them of fruitless experiments which had gone before, and the worst bondage which had resulted from each effort.

As he progressed, a murmur ofimpatience took the place of the approval which had sounded before, swelling at last so as almost to drown the voice of the speaker.

At this juncture, Otto Rath came up to the platform and laying his arm around

Alan's shoulder, turned to them and spoke, his shrill, drawling,German accent rising above the aggressive murmur which filled the room.

"You must not judge our young friend as being tame or lukewarm by what he had just set forth,"he said.

"You must make concessions to those rose-hued ideals of humanity and peace which float always in a young man's imagination.

Of his perfect friendliness to our cause you may rest assured, from the fact of his devotion to a dearer and more personal one, with which our own is closely allied, and which can not be brought to success without our aid.

That you may understand what I mean, I am going to read you a poem of which our young friend is the author, and let you judge for yourselves if the spirit shown in its words will not carry him through doubt as well as danger for the sake of glorify-

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

ing his cause."He put his hand into his breast pocket and brought forth a sheet of paper, at the same time pushing Alan, who had made some slight demur, into a chair behind him on the platform; then, with precise utterance, lest the words might lose something from his slightly German pronunciation, he read aloud the poem.

Its title, "The Redemption of Deseret,"gave the key to the general meaning and drift of the subject, and though many were there to whom the deep yearning expressed in its tone—for "the peace of passed da>s"—could find no native echo, yet so intense was its pathos and fire, that at its close, with one accord, the mass of men broke into applause so deafening, as to create the semblance of a burst of thunder in the close, echoing hall.

Howard, listening from his seat in the rear end of the room, felt his heart thrill with pride and tenderness.

Friends from childhood, the two had been at college together, graduating at the same time, and while there, posed as the leaders of a little coterie of "Salt Lake boys"who, mourning the annulment of that hope which, in old days, had pointed to Deseret as remaining a "place of rest,""a haven of refuge for the oppressed of all the world,"and the transformation of the valley instead into a typical Babylon, aping the world's worst woes—had determined to bend their best efforts to change the tide of affairs, and bring about the fulfilment of the old-time golden vision.

Alan had often talked ardently on the subject, but this was the first time his really noble gift of poetry had been devoted to the theme, and Howard, listening, felt his heart yearn with a thousand patriotic aspirations, awakened by its strain.

He rose from his seat as the meeting broke up, and made his way towards Alan, clasping his friend's hand warmly and in silence.

After a short pause, during which neither spoke, Howard asked, "Are you coming home now?""Not yet,"Alan returned, "some important business is to be transacted, and I wish to stay and learn what decision they arrive at."After a few more words the friends parted, and Howard was soon on his way to Salt Lake.

Arriving at the depot, he took the car to the Temple block, andjhere left it, preferring to walk rather than ride to Capitol Hill.

As he walked through the park grounds, outside the Tabernacle, strains from the Wagnerian concert, which was being rendered within, enticed him, and he dropped in for a few moments, making the mental excuse of gaining a few repertorial notes as a plea for listening awhile to his beloved music.

'The same train which brought Howard

Whitely to the city, carried also another unusual passenger—Arden Rath.

After the deparature of her father and brother to attend the meeting at Factory Hall, the wife of one of her father's work-men living a half block further up the canon—

whose husband had also gone to the union meeting, came in to "sit awhile"with Arden, and having a garrulous and indiscreet tongue, in the course of her rapid talk, let drop a secret of which she had overheard her husband and brother conversing—thinking her absent on an errand from the house.

"From all I heard,"said the woman in thorough enjoyment of her gossip, "something is to happen to-night that will make the aristocrats on Capitol Hill wish they had never been born.

I could'nt hear all that was said—but there was something about dynamite—and a ball at the Senator's house to-night—and of getting rid of the whole crew of millionaries and robbors at a blow, and I for one shan't be sorry for it either."Arden sat silent, chilled with horror and dread as the woman talked on—her heart sore with a thousand regrets.

She herself had heard ominous rumors, yet had believed and hoped that nothing serious would be the result.

If she had only listened to Hugo's entreaties, and told what she had heard, he might perhaps have discovered and prevented the plot.

If might not be too late yet to warn him she thought, and when at last the woman left her the determination was fixed in her mind to make an effort to thwart the murderous plan which was in progress.

The union men were

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

still at the hall she knew, and there might be time to see Hugo before anything should take place.

With this object in view she made hasty preparations, caught the train at Garfield, and at length—arriving at the depot, took the Capitol Hill car, finding herself at last with beating heart in front of the Senator's residence.

The lanterns still illuminated the grounds, but the lawn was deserted, a cold heavy wind starting up from the lake having driven the guests into the house.

Arden could see the brilliant figures pass before the windows.

and was grateful that as yet at least nothing serious had transpired.

But how was she to see Hugo?

To face that gay throng with her story and its probable sensational effect, was a task impossible to her sensitive nature, and she could think of no better plan than to find some of the servants in the basement and have them ask Hugo to come to her.

She opened the gate and flitted through the grounds, keeping close in the shadow of the walls, till she reached a short flight of steps at the side of the house leading down into the basement.

Descending, she knocked on the door at the foot, with beating heart, almost dreading to have it opened.

There was no answer either to this, or her repeated knocking however, and at last, fearing the consequence of further delay she turned the knob timidly, with the hope of finding someone within.

Entering, she found herself in a hallway, at the further end of which was a door.

Here she knocked also in vain, and made bold by her fear, opened this one too, not daring to give up her quest.

This time she found herself in a small close room whose walls were lined with shelves crowded with official looking books and papers.

Arden glanced hastily around and was about to make her exit from the empty room, when the sound of mens voices and footsteps in the hall outside, deprived her of her courage, and she shrank back, having but time to glide behind the curtain shading a bookcase in the corner, when a half dozen men entered the room.

There was a sound of a key turned in the lock, and a voice, which she recognized as that of Hugo's father—having heard him address a public meeting at Garfield but recently—and said in hushed tones: "We can talk here, gentlemen, without disturbance.

We will listen to my sort's report first,"he continued;

"but beforehand it will per haps be necessary to explain matters as they stand, so that all may have a clear understanding of what has taken place.

For a week past a plot has been brewing on the part of the West side Unions to perpetrate some deed of violence, and from the information we received, the plot was to be consummated either tonight or to-morrow.

Not knowing in what quarter or by what means it would take place, we were, of course, helpless to protect ourselves from the threatened blow.

Yesterday, however, one of their number approached my son with the proposal to furnish us with information by means of which we might gain a knowlof their secret.

This consisted in apprising us of a means by means we could over-hear the plans which were to be discussed in full at their meeting to-night at Factory Hall, thus gaining evidence which would undoubtedly enable us to cast the body of them in prison for life.

In the time of the counterfeiters there existed a passage from the basement in the building through the cliff, whose steep wall shelters one side of the hall.

The low waters of the lake at that time gave them means of entrance through a door cut in the face of the cliff;

and this, painted so as to resemble the rock, and crusted over with salt from the spray, successfully defied discovery from the lake, providing them with safe means for shipping their coin, as well as an opportunity for escape in case of attack.

When the man revealed the existence of this entrance, it was our intention to enter the passage, and by removing some of the adobes which we were informed made part of the basement wall on the side nearest the cliff,, overhear, and surprise the wretches in the midst of their plotting.

Close observation, however, revealed the fact that the waters of the lake, having risen nearly four feet since the time the passage

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

was cut, have almost completely covered the door, but little more than a half yard being visible at the top.

This fact, of course, interfered with our proposed plan, since the opening of the door would admit the waters of the lake into the passage to a depth sufficient to cover the adobe part of the partition, by means of which alone we could hope to carry out our design."As he paused for a moment, a murmur of disappointment was heard from the others.

"I regret the failure of the plan,"said one, "for without doubt its fulfilment would have rid us once for all of our fear and anxiety in regard to these strife stirrers and terrorists.""That is a matter of belief, not certainty,"replied the Senator.

"We have tried imprisonment before, with the effect only of rousing greater numbers of seditionists and more determined efforts to subvert our power.

The time ha 1- now come,"he continued in hard, measured tones, "to make such an example of these would-be robbers and assassins, as will convince them of our determination to avenge ourselves for their threats and attempts of violence—and by such means as will effectually frighten their successors from further efforts of revolt.""It cannot be accomplished,"replied a voice, sententiously.

"We will at least try the the effort of one good lessen,"returned the Senator in the same hard decisive tones;

"and if I mistake not the result will be that for a time, at least, our lives and property will remain safe from the plots of this horde of demons.""I do not understand you,"replied the other.

For a moment there was silence, then the Senator in low, even tones answered:

"The same obstacle which defeated our purpose of surprising the plotters at their meeting tonight, presented us with a means for accomplishing their destruction.

The hall in which they meet is provided with impenetrable walls, except on the side of the cliff, whose inside face protects it."

The lower part of this wall is of adobe, and the.entrance to the cliff once opened, the waters of the lake rushing through the passage, must necessarily beat against the crumbling partition at its end, eventually washing through that part at least, which is most exposed to its force, and which lies under the door opening into the hall."As the Senator again paused, a second impressive silence ensued, then a voice tinged with an expression of suppressed eagerness answered.

"You are calculating then, on their having no means of escape from the hall?""The windows are near the ceiling,"replied the Senator, "and are too narrow to admit even the body of a child.

With the exception of the door opening into the passage, there is but one other means of exit from the room.""And this?"asked a third with the same tone of surpressed eagerness.

"My son will enlighten us upon that point,"answered the Senator.

"The man who furnished us with information against his fellows"said a voice which Arden recognized as Hugh's "was luckily placed on guard outside, at the meeting to night at Factory Hall. He easily yielded to my bribe, and has by this time given up the key of the door to the man whom we have employed to open the entrance leading into the passage.

He had already loosened the bolt inside, before the rest were assembled.""By this time"—commenced the Senator, then stopped.

A deep silence ensued.

"The work is well planned"he continued at length in the same low tone, "and we have only to await developments."As he ceased speaking there was the sound of a quiet movement ot all towards the door.

A moment later their footsteps died away in the hall, and

Arden with trembling hands pressed to her hot temples, came forth from her hiding place, and walked blindly through the hall, and up the steps into the open air.

Fear and hatred were in her heart.

She had come hither to warn and save them from danger, whilst they were plotting thi > diabolical death against her kindred.

What should she do?

There was no one to whom she could go for advice or aid.

The police?

She knew too well from her father's talk, what little sympathy would be accorded the men who

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

were in danger.

As she made h£r way through the grounds, a sudden weakness came over her, and she sank down on one of the seats on the lawn, dazed with the thoughts of her helplessness in the face of this dire trouble.

As she sat stunned and motionless, the sound of voices reached her, and looking through the veil-like branches of a willow tree near her, she saw the gleam of blue gauze-like draperies, and the next moment heard Hugh Severn's voice speaking in anger.

"You refuse my suit because you have been influenced against me"he said.

"I guess that Whitely would use his jealously in filling your mind with prejudice.

It is wounding to my pride, as well as my love that you should reject me because of him.

I know him to be worse even than a penny scribbler, a historian of street rows, and other equally high sensationshe is a 'sneak labor orator,'a 'riot scribe'—who would join with the rabble in any moment, to subvert the rich to the poor, the intelligent and refined to the brute power of the masses.

He paused, suddenly, steadied by a dangerous gleam in Jean Glenfaun's eyes.

"You are not unaware, Mr. Severn"she made answer, "that what you have said of Mr.

Whitely applies equally to my brother, as his interest in the cause you mention is even more pronounced than that of the gentleman you are seeking to defame.

My brother's aspirations and sympathies are sacred to me, for they are evidence of the highest feeling with which a man can be inspired If they are Mr.

Whitely's also I revere him for them as much as I despise one who can remain indifferent to their appeal."She stood silent after these woids, gazing coolly into his eyes;

and Hugh Severn with some muttered word of angry scorn and derision, turned on his heel and walked away.

He was no sooner out of sight than Arden

Rath stood at Jean's side.

They had become acquainted through Alan, and Arden saw a chance of gaining through

Jean perhaps, some aid in her present helplessnes.

In a few breathless words she gave an account of what she had heard.

For a moment Jean stood white and stunned.

Alan too was in that room, threatened with the frightful death they had planned.

What could be done!

She, too, felt helpless—surrounded with enemies.

Her parents were absent from the city, and for a month past she had been the guest of Dora Severn, Hugh's sister, who was her intimate friend and companion.

A sudden • thought came to her.

If Howard were here he would know what action to take.

But he, too, had gone with Alan and might be imprisoned with the rest.

A trait of quick decision inherent in her nature, moved her to a sudden determination.

They would know at the office of the paper he represented if he had returned.

She would go there at once and make inquiries.

Bidding Arden await for her return, she sped towards the house for her wraps, but turning into one of the walks, paused suddenly, seeing the object of her thoughts approaching her.

With an impulsive movement she stretched out both her hands, and Howard taking them quietly into his firm grasp, held them with an air of decisive proprietorship while listening to her story.

As she proceeded, a grave look came into his face; and after exchanging a few words with Arden who gave him all the details of the plot, he went hurriedly away.

After Howard's departure from the meeting at Factory Hall, a riotous debate had taken place, the tumult within the walls keeping pace with the tempests of elements outside, which every moment increased in fury.

The wind which had been felt keenly in the city, on the lake developed into a gale, making the shore resound with its loud echoes, though the thick walls of the hall prevented the noise from reaching the excited disputants within. Suddenly, however, Otto Rath standing near the side of the hall, became conscious of a peculiar sound outside the wall.

Like the lapping of waves it seemed, but the distance of the hall from the lake, and the protection of the cliff, rendered the suggestion impossible.

As the sound continued, however, Otto called his father's attention to it.

The

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH.

elder Rath, listening at first carelessly, then with intentness, suddenly uttered an excited exclamation, at the same time laying his ear close to the wall.

"Something has happened! "he at length cried out, his loud and excited tones rising above and quelling the clamor in the room.

"The entrance to the lake has been opened,"he continued, "and the passage is flooded with water."

At his words there was a sudden crowding about the spot.

"It must have been the wind and waves loosened the bolt,"said one;—"there's a big gale blowing outside.""Something must be done at once,"said Burgund Rath in quiter tones, "or the water will sap through the adobes and flood the room.""It can't do much harm,"volunteered another voice; "such walls as these are proof against water.""It can flood the hall,"answered Rath, "and we would have hard work in devising means for draining it.

As we have no other'placeof meeting, it is worth while at least, to make an effort to prevent the damage.""I don't see how we can reach the entrance to the cliff to'close it,''said another.

"We can take a boat and at least make an attempt,"replied Rath impatiently.

He did not relish the prospect of a lake-fed flood washing under the floor of his shoe factory.

He started towards the door, followed by a number of others—diverted from their heated discussions by the prospect of seeing or taking part in some exciting adventure.

Burgund Rath reached the door, and, rapping on it, gave at the same time a peculiar whistle.

There was no answer to this, and he raised his voice, shouting loudly and rapping on the door with more vehemence.

"Bergoffhas gone home,"he said at length sardonically. "The wind frightened our little Russian and he has run away."

Another shout and loud knocking followed this sarcasm—but with the same result.

Suddenly Rath turned from the door,—a strange expression on his face.

He went to the nearest window, drawing himself up by the high sill with one hand, and with the other pushed open the transom, calling Bergoff's name loudly through the tempest.

There was still no answer, and the next moment Rath dropped to the floor, turning a livid face to the silent throng of men before him.

"Bergoff has betrayed us,"he said hoarsely.

"He has opened the passage to the lake and locked us in to be drowned like rats in a hole,"For a moment the throng did not comprehend his words;

then, as the fearful truth slowly came to them, a terrible murmur went round.

Some of the men beat wildly again at the door, as if to bring back with their clamor the man who had betrayed them.

A few drew themselves up to the transoms—testing the vain possibility of emerging through their narrow space.

As a sense of the certainty of their fate grew upon them, the room which had echoed to their excited exclamations became deadly still.

Presently Otto called attention to some small drops standing outside the threadlike seam which showed where the smooth door fitted into the wall.

The water is even with the steps, "he said, "and beating with force against the adobes. When they are washed through not two hours will it be before the room is flooded to the ceiling."

There was deep silence for a moment, then Alan Glenfaun spoke.

"We are alarming ourselves unnecessarily,"he said.

"Our escape can be affected through the passage which gives entrance to the waves.

It will be an easy matter to gain the lake, and once outside, we are safe.""The plan would hardly answer in any case,"replied Rath.

"But for a hundred men to attempt the passage, with that diabolical brine rolling in upon us, and dashing in our faces would be utter madness.

The attempt would simply hasten our death.""Some of us might gain the entrance,"said Alan, "and succeed in closing the door."Burgund Rath shook his head. "One of us, at least, might make the attempt, insisted Alan, and I would rather take the risk than- endure the suspense of waiting.""You are right,"said Otto Rath quietly, "and if you are ready to go, I am with you.""If anyone makes the attempt it shall be myself,"said his father, "I am abler to

THE SENATOR FROM UTAH

undertake it than both you together.""At least I shall accompany you,"said Alan decisively.

'And I,"echoed Otto.

"Very well, it is a chance,"replied the elder.

With these words he placed his hand on the spring in the wall, letting the door which led into the passage swing open a short distance.

The sound of the waves splashing within reached them with ominous distinctness, and at the same time a wave dashed up through the doorway, and splashed down the steps at their feet.

"It is the card of invitation,"said Rath grimly.

"Come,"he continued, turning to the others, "it is as well to go at once."He opened the door a space wider, and the three men, amid the excited murmurs of the throng in the room passed through the doorway on to the narrow steps outside.

As the door closed after them, they stood silent for a moment, vainly attempting to peer through the darkness. The waves rolling in swiftly through the entrance and beating against the walls of the passage made the waters leap and splash at times high above the step on which they stood—and suddenly Otto felt the blinding, choking spray dashed in his face, and in a moment was leaning against the others for support, gasping and suffocated.

No chance for courage or self-control in the $ace of such a foe as this!

As Otto still gasped and choked Rath opened the. door and pushed his son back into the room.

As the door closed behind him, the two men again stood silent turning their faces from the spray which each instant dashed up and blinded them.

At last Rath spoke.

"It is certain death,"he said, "Come back into the room.""It is certain death there,"answered Alan briefly.

"But there at least we will have a few moments more of life,"Rath said, shuddering.

"I would rather end it here and now than to wait and face them,"was the reply.

"It is for each of us to choose,"Rath answered, "and if you will make the attempt I cannot prevent you; as for me I will wait with the others.""Then we part,"muttered Alan.

"I will say this,"continued the other, as he placed his hand on the door, "do not attempt to close the entrance for you alone it is an impossible task.

It will be enough if you can save yourself."

Alan made no reply.

He had taken a handkerchief from his pocket, and was tying it about the lower part of his face.

"I will say good-by, then,"said Rath, pressing Alan's hand warmly.

Alan returned his grasp, and the next'instant the slight figure plunged into the boiling mass of waters.

Rath still stood on the step.

He could see nothing beyond him, and waited painfully for a sound to reach him above the roaring of the waters.

Five, ten minutes passed. Then he called

Alan's name.

There was no answer.

He waited for some time, then called again—but with the same resulc.

"He is lost,"muttered Rath, "or he would surely hear me and answer.

Lost!"he said again in a despairing tone, and with a groan, turned back into the room.

Once in the water Alan had struck out boldly with strong steady strokes. Though slightly built, there was a strength in his muscles which surpassed that possessed by many men of more robust stature, and this, aided by the steady, courageous spirit which made forcible his character in place of mere mental or animal will, now gave him power of purpose to strive to the last breath for rescue from this formidable fate.

Thrice as he swam through the close darkness, the waters rolled and closed over him, stinging and blinding his eyes, but the handkerchief prevented the water from entering his mouth, thus saving him from suffocation.

At last, as he raised his head and strained his gaze into the darkness, a dim and narrow band of light showed close at hand, warning him that he was near the entrance.

The next moment as he closed his eyes, and prepared to plunge through it, a great wave surged before him, shutting out the light, and sending him back against the side of the passage.

For a moment he clutched at the rough rock in the corner in which he found himself, gasping and blinded; then as the glimmer of light showed again near at hand, he made a bold plunge toward it, and the next moment found

THE SE.XATOR FROM UTAH.

himself outside, with the waves of the lake beating and surging about him.

They bore him in an instant back against the cliff, and reaching out his hand Alan grasped some object which swayed slightly apart from its rough sides Clinging to this with one hand, with the other he tore the handkerchief from his face, hanging for a moment breathless against the rock.

In an instant, as his thoughts occupied themselves with the surroundings, he realized the truth.

He had grasped the top of the iron door which made the entrance to the passage.

It had been secured by a short chain and stake, driven into a crevice of the cliff and this, with the force of the waves washing against it, had kept in place.

Alan's grasp soon loosed the slight fastening, and in a moment the door was swaying to and fro slightly with the waves.

A wild hope thrilled Alan's heart.

What if after all, he should be enabled to push the door back into its place, and bring salvation to those fear stricken beings inside.

If only he had s'trength In his exhaustion, the task seemed an impossible one.

On the other ha,nd, he might swim around the cliff to the shore, and bring help from the outside.

But how?

He had no means of opening the door, and to find assistance, he must walk the long distance to

Garfield, with the chance then, of meeting only those who were concerned in the plot for their destruction.

In that time, too, the waters might flood the room even now, the waves might be rushing into the hall.

The thought nerved him to sudden energy.

As the door swung outward with the alternate motion of the waves, Alan gained a position between it and the cliff, and bracing himself against the rock, pushed the door outward.

For a moment the heavy rolling waves made his efforts useless;

at length however, as the door swayed further out, the waves beating back from the cliff, lent their strength to aid him, and in a moment more, the door was forced inwards against the face of the entrance.

A great joy surged in Alan's heart.

But the danger was not yet over.

To insure safety the door must be fastened, lest the sway of the waves carry it outward again.

The bolt was on the inside and to secure it, he must shut himself in the passage.

The thought of breasting again the waters, in that close narrow darkness, brought a thought of dismay to his heart.

His fear lasted but a moment.

Exerting all his strength, he forced himself through the uncertain space at the entrance, and in a moment was inside the passage.

The next instant he shot the bolt into its fastening.

With a sigh of relief after resting a moment, he swam out into the darkness.

As he neared the further end of the passage, an appalling clamor met his ears.

The water, washing through the wall, was now pouring a steady stream through the opening it had made under the steps. The men inside, reading a message of,certain death in its ceaseless flow, had abandoned themselves to the wild terror occasioned by this dread warning.

Alan, standing on the step and knocking loudly on the door, could not make himself heard above the din.

At length some one standing near the door inside, listened.

"There is a voice outside"he heard some one say.

Then Otto's voice was heard, a ring of anxious, half fearful hope in it.

"Alan!"he called.

"It is all right"said Alan, in quick reply.

The entrance to the passage is closed, and there is no further danger."The next moment with clamor of insane and deafening cheers greeted him, Alan was dragged into the room.

An hour later, Howard Whitley, with a number of the citizen's private police, arrived at the hall, and forcing the entrance gave freedom to the joyful, grateful, yet serious throng within.

"I have only one thing to ask"said Alan to the men as they stood about him outside, "that you will take the lesson home, remembering that this cowardly and treacherous plot which was concocted for our death, is no worse than the one you had determined in your hearts to deal to others.

Let the memory of your own suffering make you merciful to them, or at least keep you from staining your souls with so damnable a crime."And the lesson was heeded.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

It was the morning of the New Year following the events above described.

The mountains and plains of the Wasatch shone dazzling in bridal vestures of snow, the hills and far mountains gleaming in pearl and turquoise tints under the close, crisp, blue skies, and the plains in the amber and coral colors, flashed from a radiant sun which showed itself unveiled in the heavens.

In Alan Glenfaun's house, a double wedding was in progress, and Jean and Arden standing under arches, wreathed with frost white flowers, the pattern tints of sky and earth outside repeated in shimmering robes and filmy bridal veils, gave each to her love's choice the gift of hep pure life.

On the day following the adventure at the hall, Alan, standing with

Arden amidst the pines outside the little cottage in the canyon, had won her promise to become his wife—his true love condoning the period of her estrangment, since, in her sweet and modest eyes, he had read the true tale of a sincere affection.

With Howard Whitely and Jean as companions in the silver masted barge, with which they launched into the rippled stream of love, they drifted into a wider life—the new ye ar bringing, besides this light of joy to nearer skies, the gleam of a new hope for the unhappy valley.

Sober thoughts had been awakened, and the earnest efforts of those who had wrought blight on her fair name, to retrieve the evil work, and achieve her redemption, told that the tragic time which had darkened the history of Deseret, was passed, and the era of splendor and true greatness at hand.

Josephine Spencer.

THE MAIDEN'S PLAINT.

[FROM THK GERMAN OF SCHILLER, BY LEO

H^FELI.] The oak grove roareth, the clouds sweep wide,

The maiden sits by the green brook side;

On rushes the wave, with might, with might,

And she pours her sobs into darksome night,

The eye with tear-pearls streaming:

"The heart has died, the world is bare, And yields no more to desire its share.

0, Holy Mother, thy child recall,

I have enjoyed earth's happiness all,

I had life and love's sweet dreaming.""The tears in vain abundance pour,

The plaint awakens the dead no more;

But say what consoles and heals the heart,

When sweet love's endearments did depart, 1, the Heavenly, will relieve thee.""In vain abundance the tears let pour,

The plaint shall call on the dead no more.

The sweetest bliss for the sorrowing heart.

When beautiful love's endearments depart, Are love's thoughts that pain thee and grieve thee.'GODS AND GUILT.

[AFTER GCETHE, BY LEO H.«FELI.]

Who never ate with tears his bread,

Who never sate through griefsome nights,

With silent weeping, on his bed

He knows ye not, you Heavenly Mights.

You lead us into life's wierd strain;

The wretched one to guilt has strayed,

Then you abandon him to pain For all earth's debts must be repaid.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

DETAILED EMIGRATION ACCOUNT, 1848, 1849.

In this and following chapters

I shall give a more detailed account of the first fifty-nine companies of Saints who emigrated from Europe to the Rocky Mountains during the years 1848 to 1855, inclusive.

In numbering the companies I have continued my account from the list published in No.

12, Volume XII, of The Contributor, embracing the thirty-two companies which emigrated from the British Isles to Nauvoo, Illinois.

By referring to that list, and the four papers preceeding this one, the careful reader will understand the connection, and as we proceed with other lists, reaching down to the present time, be able to take in the whole Church Emigration from Europe to the gathering places of the Saints in America in one study.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Date of Sailing.

Port of Sailing Name of Ship.

Tons.

Captain.

Destination.

5i 7i S3 S4 S7 Feb. 20, 1848.

March 9, 1848.

Sept. 7, 1848.

Sept. 24, 1848.

Nov., 1848.

Jan. 29, 1849.

Feb. 6, 1849.

Feb. 7. 1849.

Feb. 25, 1849.

March 5, 1849.

March 12, 1849.

Sept. 2, 1849.

Sept. s, 1849.

Nov. 10, 1849.

Jan. 10, 1850.

Feb. 18, 1850.

March 2, 1850.

Sept. 4, 1850.

Oct. 2, 1850.

Oct.

17, 1850.

Jan. 6, 1851.

Jan. 22, 1851, Feb.

2,'1851.

March 4, 1851.

Jan. 10, 1852.

Feb. 10, 1852.

Mar. 6, 1852.

Mar.

11, 1852.

Jan. 16, 1853.

Jan. 17, 1853.

Jan. 23, 1853.

Feb. s, 1853.

Feb. 15, 1853.

Feb. 28, 1853.

Mar. 26, 1853.

April 6, 1853.

Aug.(?) 24,1853, Jan. 3, 1854.

Jan. 22, 1854.

Feb. 4, 1854.

Feb. 22, 1854.

Mar. 5, 1854.

Mar. 12, 1854.

April 4, 1854.

April 8, 1854.

April 24, 1854.

Nov.

27, 1854.

Jan.

6, 1855.

Jan. 7, 1855.

Jan. 9, 1855.

Jan.

17, 1855.

Feb. 3, 1855.

Feb. 27, 1855.

Mar. 31, 1855.

April 17, 1855.

April 22, 1855.

April 26, 1855.

July 29, 1855.

Nov. 30, 1855.

Dec. 12, 1855.

Miscellaneous.

Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Carnatic Sailor Prince 95o Erin's Queen Sailor Prince Lord Sandon Zetland Ashland Henrv Ware Buena Vista Hartley Emblem James Pennell S7o Berlin Zetland Argo Josiah Bradler Hartley North Atlantic James Pennell 57o Joseph Badger Ellen Geo. W. Bourne 66 H Ellen Maria Olympus Kennebec Ellen Maria Rockaway fltaly fForest Monarch Ellen Maria Golcondo 1 170 Jersey Elvira Owen International 1 100 Falcon Camillus J Page Miscellaneous Jesse Munn Benjamin Adams Golcondo 1 170 Windermere Old England *John M. Wood 1 146 Germanicus *Marsfield 999Clara Wheeler Miscellaneous Clara Wheeler Rockaway 1 162 **james Nesmith Neva Charles Buck Isaac Jeans Siddons Juventa Chimborazo Samuel Curling Wm. Stetson 1 146 Cynosure Emerald Isle John J. Boyd Miscellaneous McKenzie McKechnie Campbell McKechnie Walsh Brown Harding Nason Lennell Morrell Cammett Fullerton Smith Brown Mills Mansfield Morrell Cook Fullerton Schofield Phillips Williams Whitmore Wilson Smith Whitmore Reid Brewer Whitmore'Kerr Day Owen Brown Wade Day Duckett Drummond Kerr Fairfield Barston Hartley Fales Torrey Nelson Nelson Mills Goodwin Brown Smalley Chapman Taylor Watts Vesper Curling Jordan Pray Cornish Austin NewO New O NewO New O New O NewO New O New O NewO New O New O NewO NewO NewO NewO New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or! New Or New Or New Or New Or; New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New O r New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or New Or Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia New York New York New York New York New York Miscellaneous deans rleans rleans rleans rleans rleans rleans rleans rleans rleans eans rleans rleans rleans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eens eans leans leans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans leans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans eans leans eans eans eans t The Italy and Forest Monarch brought the first companies of Scandinavian Saints.

I First company of German Saints.

* The John M. Wood and Marsfield include in their totals 59 persons from the Swiss and Italian Mission, and 45 from the French Mission.

** The James Nesmith, Charles Buck,

Isaac Jeans, Juventa, Chimborazo, Samuel

Curling, and John J. Boyd include in their total number 972 from the Scandinavian Mission, 45 from the

Swiss and Italian, 75 from the French, including the Channel Islands.

There were also 13 Germans, and 1 Prussian.

The balance of the emigration of 1855 was from Great Britain and Ireland.

CHURCH EMIGRATrOA.

£™ £13 Emigration Leader of Company.

P.E. Fund.

Company. Company.

Ordinaiy.

Total.

Agent.

F. D. Richards Orson Spencer Moses Martin Orson Spencer Simeon Carter Orson Pratt L. D. Butler 3 11 3 11 Orson Pratt Orson Pratt Orson Spencer Orson Pratt John Johnson Orson Pratt Robert Martin Orson Pratt Dan Jones Orson Pratt William Hulme Orson Pratt Robert Deans Orson Pratt Thomas H. Clark Orson Pratt James G. Brown Orson Pratt S. H. Hawkins Orson Pratt Peter Clinton Orson Pratt Thomas Day Orson Pratt David Cook Orson Pratt David Sudworth Orson Pratt Christopher Layton Orson Pratt John Morris Orson Pratt J. W. Cummings Orson Pratt William Gibson Orson Pratt George D. Watt Orson Pratt William Howell F.D. Richards John S. Higbee F.D.

Richards Isaac C. Haight F.D.

Richards F.D.

Richards Ole U. C. Monster F.D.

Richards John E. Forsgren F.D.

Richards Moses Clawson S.W. Richards Jacob Gates S.W. Richards George Halliday S.W. Richards J. W. Young S.W. Richards Christopher Arthur S.W. Richards Cor. Bagnall S.W. Richards Curtis E. Bolton S.W. Richards Bender S.W. Richards Miscellaneous S.W. Richards Christopher Larsen.

S.W. Richards H. P. Olsen S.W. Richards Dorr P. Curtis S.W. Richards Dapiel Carr S.W. Richards John 0. Angus, 45 S.W. Richards Robert Campbell S.W. Richards Richard Cook S.W. Richards William Taylor S.W. Richards S.W. Richards Miscellaneous S.W. Richards Henry E. Phelps F. D. Richards Samuel Glasgow F. D. Richards Peter O. Hansen F. D. Richards Thomas Jackson F. D. Richards Richard Ballantyne F. D. Richards George C. Riser F. D. Richards John S. Fullmer F. D. Richards William Glover F. D. Richards Edward Stevenson I9S 43i F. D. Richards Israel Barlow 38.5 58i F. D. Richards Aaron Smethurst F. D. Richards George Seager F. D. Richards Phil. C. Merrill 35o 35o F. D. Richards Knud Peterson F. D. Richards Miscellaneous F. D. Richards I88 7 12,981 16,911 Emigration of 1848 to 1855,.

. 16,911 Emigration of 1840 to 1846,.

.

5,000 Total 21,911

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Thirty-third Company.—Carnatic, 120 Saints.

The ship Carnatic, Captain McKenzie, obtained,its clearance papers on the eighteenth of February, 1848, and sailed on the morning of the 20th, with a company of one hundred and twenty Saints on board, nearly one hundred of whom were adults. This company which was made up upon short notice of Saints "with cheerful hopes and buoyant feelings,"went out under the superintendence of Elder Franklin D.

Richards, assisted by Cyrus H.

Wheelock, and Andrew Cahoon. Samuel W.

Richards, another American Elder, who returned with the Carnatic, acted as clerk for the company.

For thirteen days the Carnatic was tossed violently about in the Channel and

Irish sea, during which time nearly all the emigrants suffered more or less from sea sickness. On Sunday, February 27th, the vessel was beating off Milford, and it was proposed by the captain, if the weather did not change, to put into Haven the next day, but she succeeded in clearing the cape and standing out to sea.

Several times she ran so close upon the rocks and shoals, that the captain ordered put on all the sail she could bear, which made her roll and wallow in the seas with apparent madness; but the threatened danger was thereby avoided.

This was the roughest part of the entire voyage.

As soon as the elements and the sea-sickness would permit the emigrants were organized into such divisions as equalized the labor of cleaning, building fires, receiving water, maintaining watch, etc., among the men each day of the week.

Regular hours were also appointed for prayer and meetings held on the Sabbath, when the sacrament was also administered.

When the captain saw how diligent the Saints were in observing good order, he laid aside the rigid formality of ship rules, and granted them every comfort and convenience which the vessel afforded.

When warmer latitudes were reached, he also prepared shower baths and other baths which conduced much to the health and comfort of the company.

On the sixteenth of March, the Carnatic passed between the Azores and main land, and entered into the region of trade wind influence.

About this time one of the passengers known as Father James Young, began to fail daily, notwithstanding the diligent attention paid to him.

After being annointed and prayed for he received immediate relief, but was soon afterwards seized with renewed attacks, being distressed also with cramps, and he finally passed away on the evening of the thirtieth.

After being neatly laid out, his body was enclosed in a new piece of strong canvass; a great weight of coal, also enclosed in canvass, was attached to the feet, and at forty minutes past six o'clock, on the morning of the thirty-first, the remains were consigned to a watery grave, in latitude io/ north, and longitude 58 ° west.

The water was so still that the corpse was seen as it sank to a great depth.

On Sunday, April 2nd, the ship passed into the Caribean Sea, between the islands of Antigua and Guadaloupe.

She passed Cape San Antonio (island of Cuba), on the thirteenth, and on the seventeenth, in the afternoon, Elder Richards and others, with the aid of glasses, first saw Balize, a village at the mouth of the Mississippi river, inhabited by pilots and their families.

On the nineteenth of April the company arrived safe and well at New Orleans.

So attached had the kind-hearted captain become to the Saints which he had brought across the mighty deep, that he parted with them in tears, and the crew bestowed three cheers as the emigrants left the vessel.

At New Orleans Elder Lucius N.

Scovil, who had been appointed as Church emigration agent at that port, was on hand to receive the company, and no delay was caused by the custom house officers, who allowed the baggage to be landed without opening a single box j barrel or parcel of any kind.

The entire company of emigrants left New Orleans Sunday morning, April 23rd, on board the steamboat Mameluke, and, after a pleasant trip, arrived at St.

Louis Sunday afternoon, April 30th.

As the Saints were counseled not to remain

CHURCH EMIGRATION

at St. Louis, all who had means to go to Pottawattamie lands, began at once to make preparations to continue the journey farther up the river; and finally a contract was made with Captain Patterson of the steamboat Mustang to take the

Carnatic company (as well a* other emigrating

Saints who had arrived in St.

Louis from different parts of the United States), to winter quarters, at the rate of about five dollars for each person over twelve years of age, allowing one hundred pounds luggage to each.

This company—which consisted of about one hundred and fifty souls—sailed from St.

Louis about the ninth of May, and arrived at Winter Quarters about the middle of the month.

{Millenial Star, Volume X, page 203.) On this trip a Sister Kerr, from Scot - land, fell overboard on a dark night and was drowned;

the body was never recovered.

This lady was favorably known to the missionaries of Scotland, to whom she had been very kind and hospitable.

From Winter Quarters a portion of the emigrants who had crossed the Atlantic in the Carnatic as well as those who followed in the Sailor Prince, commenced the journey to the Valley with the regularly organized Church companies which crossed the plains and mountains that year.

{Millennial Star, Volume X, pages 74, 169 and 204. Kirkens'

Historic, page 211.) Thirty fourth Company—Sailor Prince, about'80 souls.

On the ninth of March, 1848, the ship Sailor Prince sailed from Liverpool, bound for New Orleans, with a company of about eighty Saints on board, conducted by Elders Moses Martin and Uriah Hulme.

The company arrived safely at New Orleans, from whence the journey was continued up the river to Winter Quarters, where the emigrants arrived in May, soon after the arrival o* the Carnatic company.

Those of the two companies who did not go to the Valley that season, settled on the

Pottawattamie lands on the east side of the Missouri River where most of them got houses of their own, and were soon in a lair way to raise their own provisions as they were permitted to cultivate all the land they wanted free of expense.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

X, pages 104, 300;

"Kirkens Historie,"page 211.)

Thirty-fifth Company—Erin'sQueen souls.

The ship Erin's Queen sailed from Liverpool for New Orleans, September 7th, 1848, having on board two hundred and thirty two second cabin passengers, including infants; all of these, with the exception oftwo or three persons, were

Saints.

The.people of Liverpool were astonished to see the order and regularity among them;

for while large companies of emigrants upon other ships,generally were conspicuous for their cursing and swearing, and were continually find- 'ing fault with each other, songs of praise and prayer were ascending up to heaven from the Erin's Queen.

Elder Simeon Carter, an American Elder, who had labored as a missionary in the British Isles two or three years, was appointed president of the company, which had a prosperous voyage.

While numbers of passengers who had crossed the ocean about the same time, died on board, not one of the Saints on the Erin's Queen was lost, and only a very little sickness prevailed among them.

The officers and crew were kind and courteous to the passengers;

but there were some complaints in regard to the provisions served out on board, the fare not being as good as that provided by law.

From New Orleans, passage was secured on a steamboat, with which the journey was continued up the rfver to St.

Louis, Missouri, where the company arrived November 6th, 1848, well and in good spirits.

All the Saints stopped at St.

Louis for the winter, except four families who went up to Alton, Illinois.

Nearly all got employment immediately after their arrival in St. Louis.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

X, page 281;

Vol. XI, pages 7, 15, 54.) Thirty -sixth Company,—

Sailor Prince, 311 passengers.

The ship Sailor Prince sailed from Liverpool for New Orleans, September 24, 1848, carrying three hundred and eleven passengers.including infants. An American Elder, L. D. Butler, was appointed their president.

{Milieu-

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

nial Star, Volume X, Page 296).

After a safe voyage, the company arrived in New

Orleans, where Elder Scovil, who had returned to his post in winter quarters, was on hand to receive them.

Four children died on the voyage.

One of the brethren was seized with a violent fever, but was healed by the prayer of faith and annointing with oil.

In some respects the officers and crew behaved badly to the Saints.

On the twenty-fourth of November, one hundred and fifty of the immigrants, under the presidency of L.

D.

Butler, sailed from New Orleans for St. Louis on the steamer Grand Turk.—{Millennial Star, Volume XI, Page 71.) The fare from New Orleans to St.

Louis, was two dollars and a half for each adult passenger;

children between four and fourteen years, half price.

Like the immigrants which crossed the Atlantic in the Erin's Queen, Elder Butler's company of British Saints, took temporary employment in St.

Louis.

{Millennial Star, Volume X, Page 296; Volume XI, Pages 7 and 54.)

Thirty-seventh Conpany—Zetland, 358 Saints.

The large and splendid ship Zetland sailed from Liverpool for New Orleans January 29th, 1849, with three hundred and fifty-eight passengers, or Latter-day Saints on board, bound for Upper California, their future home.

Elder Orson Spencer, who had presided over the British Mission, was appointed president of the company.

After a safe passage the Zetland arrived at New Orleans April 2nd, the emigrants all well.

During the passage one promising young man was baptized, and about a dozen others, who had been baptized after they went on board at Liverpool, were confirmed.

Four infant children died on board the ship, and three were born.

Two young females married sailors immediately after they arrived at New Orleans, but, generally speaking, the Saints conducted themselves very well on board, and love and union prevailed among them during the entire voyage.

On the morning of April 5th, 1849, the emigrants left New Orleans on the steamboat Iowa, together with a number of non-Mormon passengers, bound for St.

Louis, Missouri^ Soon after leaving New Orleans, cholera which at this time prevailed in that part of the country—broke ouf among the passengers, and seven deaths occurred among the e/nigrants before the company arrived at Memphis;

two of these were Saints, who were buried on the island "82."

Two of the boat's crew also died, one of them being George S. Welch, a pilot.

When the boat arrived at St.

Louis, Missouri, April 12th, a number of the passengers were still sick, and three died on board the steamer the night after reaching port.

From St.

Louis the "Mormon"emigrants continued the journey to Council Bluffs, Iowa, when they joined the general emigration that crossed the plains for the Valley that year.

Orson Spencer led a company which left the Missouri river for the Valley in the beginning of June.

{Millennial Star, Volume XI, pages 56, I 55.

: 83, 254.

Frontier Guardian, of May, 2, 1849.) Thirty-eighth Company.—Ashland, 187 Saints. The ship Ashland sailed from*

Liverpool for New Orleans, February 6th, 1849, with one hundred and eighty-seven

Saints on board, under the presidency of

Elder John Johnson and Counselor.

This is all the information I have been able to obtain about that company.

{Millenial Star, Volume XI. page 56, 155.)

Thirty- ninth Company.—Henry Ware, 225 Saints.

The ship Heiiry Ware sailed from Liverpool for New Orleans with two hundred and twenty-five

Saints on board, February 7th, 1849, under the presidency of Robert Martin and his counselors.

As the vessel sailed out of the docks of Liverpool the Saints on board "unitedly joined in the songs of Zion, while large crowds assembled to hear the joyful strains as they flowed from the hearts that were animated with the brightest hopes."The Saints sailing on the vessels previously departing, passed out singing in a similar manner.

After a voyage of eight weeks and three days, the company arrived in New Orleans, Sunday morning, April 8th.

The emigrants had enjoyed good health

CHLRCH EMIGRATION.

on the voyage, except a little sea sickness.

The weather was very good most of the time.

At New Orleans Brother Lucius N.

Scovil directed the clearing of the luggage at the custum house, and the removal of the same to the steamer Grand Turk, on board of which the company sailed for St. Louis in the evening of April ii\h.{Mil lennial.Star, VolumeXI, pages 57 and 155.)

Fortieth Company.—249 Saints. The ship Buena Vista sailed from Liverpool for New Orleans February 25^,1849, with two hundred and forty-nine Welsh Saints on board, under the direction of Elder Dan

Jones, {Millennial Star, Volume XI, page 71.) The company had a safe passage across the Atlantic, but suffered extremely from the cholera while passing up the Mississippi and Missouri rivers to Council Bluffs, where the emigrants arrived May 17th, 1849.

From Council Bluffs the journey across the plains was successfully made in George A. Smith and Ezra T.

Benson's company, Dan Jones still retaining his position as president and captain of the Welsh Saints.

He was highly spoken of by Apostle Smith, who refers to him as a man that understood his duty, and who had done a great and noble work in his native land, and afterwards led a company of his countrymen across the mighty deep.

{Millennial. Star, Volume XI, pages 71, 233 and 347.).

Forty-first Company—Hartley, souls.

The "ship Hartley sailed from Liverpool, bound for New Orleans, March 5th, 1849, with two hundred and twenty souls on board.

About one-third of these were Welsh, the balance English and Scotch—all Saints, under the presidency of Elder Wm.

Hulme of Manchester.

This was the fifth large ship which sailed from Liverpool, with Saints, within five weeks.

According to the report of Elder Hulme the vovage of this company was more like a pleasure excursion than a long journey, as the weather was very pleasant, and the sea and wind gentle, during nearly the entire voyage.

On the thirtyfifth day after setting sail from the river Mersey, the Hartley reached the great Bahama Banks, where she was obliged to cruise or stand at anchor six days among the islands, either on account of calms or contrary winds.

From that point to New Orleans the voyage was prosperous. One death and one birth occured on the voyage, to-wit:

Sister Hall, from Liverpool was delivered of a fine boy, April 15th; and Brother T.

Slinger's youngest daughter (Elizabeth) died of croup, April 19th; she was placed in a tin coffin, made of tea canisters, which was %then inclosed in a wood coffin, so that the remains could be taken to New Orleans for interment.

The captain and crew were very kind to the emigrants during the entire voyage; several of the sailors were converted, and four of them baptized by

Elder Hulme, on the twenty-ninth of April, at New Orleans; their names'were,

John Everett, aged twenty-seven; Alfred

Percy, twenty-one; George Percy, twentyeight, and

David Wilson twenty-three.

April 28th, 1849, the Hartley arrived at New Orleans, and Elder Lucius N.

Scovil was thereto recievethem.

About four o'clock in the evening, the emigrants were comfortably berthed at No.

17 on the Levee.

On the thirtieth, the company secured their clearance papers, and prepared to set off for St. Louis in an American steamboat the next day—{Millennial Star,

Volume XI, Page 185.) Elder Scovil accompanied the immigrants up the river.

—{Millennial Star, Volume XI, Pages 71,185.) Forty-second Company—Emblem,

About one hundred souls.

The ship Emblem sailed from Liverpool, for New

Orleans, March 12th, 1849, having on board about one hundred Latter-day Saints, destined for the Rocky Mountains.

Elder Robert Deans, from the Edinburgh conference, was appointed their president.

There is no information on hand concerning their voyage or further journey.

—{Millennial Star, Volume XI,Page 91).

The Church immigration from the Missouri river to Great Salt Lake Valley in 1849, consisted of about five hundred wagons and fourteen hundred souls, which were organized into five companies, led by Elders Orson Spencer, Allen

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Taylor, Silas Richards, George A. Smith and Ezra T. Benson.

The first company consisted of one hundred wagons, which left the Missouri river early in June, under the direction of Elder Orson Spencer and

Captain Samuel Gully.

The latter died of cholera, July 5th, 1849;

the company also lost one man by drowning, in Loup

Fork, another man was shot by Indians while out hunting; four died with cholera and two were severely injured by cattle in a gtampede.

{Millennial Star,Volume XI, page 348.) After Captain Spencer's company followed two other companies under Captain Allen Taylor and Captain

Silas Richards.

Saturday July 14th, 1849, a large company left Winter Quarters, under the direction of Apostle George A.

Smith and Ezra T. Benson.

After reaching the Platte liberty pole, the company was divided into camps, denominated George A.

Smith's camp (including the Welsh company under Captain Dan Jones, consisting of about twenty-five wagons) and Ezra T. Benson's camp (including a company of Norwegians). This division was made for convenience sake, but the two camps kept close together in traveling and camping.

Both camps contained four hundred and sixty-seven souls, one hundred and twenty-nine wagons, five hundred and fourteen oxen, two hundred and forty-three cows, seventy loose cattle, twenty-three horses, one mule, four ponies, one hundred sheep, twelve pigs, seventy-four chickens, twentytwo cats, twenty-six dogs, twenty-one ducks, four turkeys and two doves.

There were also one hundred and fifty-seven guns and thirty-eight pistols in the camp.

Although the company was composed of

Yankees, English, Welsh, Norwegians, etc., peace and harmony prevailed.

The English and Welsh did well, and were well fitted out with teams and provisions, and seemed to enjoy the journey;

hence the company resounded in the evening after corraling, with the songs of Zion.

Up to August 12th, 1849, when the company had traveled two hundred and eighty miles from Winter Quarters, no deaths had occurred, but two marriages and two births had taken place.

The emigration of 1849, experienced a number of stampedes, by which several people were hurt, and considerable property destroyed.

"No one that has not witnessed a stampede of cattle on these plains,"writes George A.

Smith, "has any idea of the terrors,.dangers and losses that sometimes accompany them.

Contemplate a camp of fifty or one hundred wagdns all corraled, with about one thousand head of cattle, oxen, steers, cows, etc, with some three to five hundred souls, consisting of men women and children, all wrapt in midnight slumber, with every prospect of peace and quietness when they retired to rest in their wagons under their frail canvass covering, with the guards pacing their several rounds, crying the hour of night, etc; when all of a sudden, a roar equal to distant thunder, whicn causes the ground to shake, is heard, together with the bellowing and roaring of furious, maddened and frightened cattle with the cracking of yokes, the rattling of chains and sometimes the breaking of wagons.

Away they go, rushing furiously over guards or anything e'se that is not invulnerable to them.

Hear the guard cry out "a stampede, and every man in camp turns out."Horses are mounted and through the storm and darkness of the night, with the rifle in hand, the roar and sound of the cattle are followed; sometimes rivers are swam and hundreds of herds of cattle are lost.

But if success attend, in an hour or two [sometimes longer) they are brought back, but not quieted, to the camp, where the women and children, affrighted from being roused from slumber by such terrific wars, had been left with armed guards to protect them from the Indians who roam over these plains in countless numbers, merely inquest of plunder,and perhaps'had been the cause of frightening the cattle and causing the stampede.

Such in brief is a stampede;

but it must be witnessed to be realized.

Captain Owens(Judge Owens of Hancock County,

Illinois), with a company of gold hunters, had a stampede a few weeks ago, about seventy miles from here (Sandy Bluffs and lost upwards of one hundred head of

PLAIN TALKS FOR PLAIN PEOPLE.

stock.

They were found near Fort Childs by Captain -Allen Taylor's company of Saints, and returned to them a few days after.

The cattle traveled one hundred and thirty miles in thirty-six howsS'(Millennial SturtYo\JXl,^?&2$7~) The immigrants crossing the plains were also frequently exposed to fearful storms.

To give the reader an idea of what a prairie thunder storm means, we will describe one that was experienced by

George A.Smith's camp near Low Sandy

Bluffs, in the night after August ioth, 1849.

The company had traveled twelve miles over a sandy road, and had just formed their corral of wagons, when a heavy storm burst upon them.

From.

about five o'clock p.m.

until midnight there was one constant and incessant deluge, as it were.

The rain fell in torrents, the lightnings flashed in vivid glare, the thunder rolled in rumbling and terrific peals, the winds howled through the camp of canvass, spread to the.

enraged elements, and many were the mothers and infants that received the cold drops through their frail coverings, and reposed in their saturated beds without murmuring, as it was heaven's will.

The cattle bent to the storm as they stood upon their feet, and sometimes gently tried a chain or rope by which they were made fast. The guards wet and dripping, paced the camp in their several rounds, cried the hours, exposed to the furious and pitiless storm.

However, after about seven hours, the elements having spent their fury, a calm subsided, and in the morning the camp arose to behold a beautiful clear sky and shining sun, cattle all safe, and cheerful and smiling'countenances in the camp, and plenty of water around the same.

Such is what in those days was termed a prairie thunder shower. (31illennial Star,

Volume XI, page 348.

Frontier Guardian of July 25th, 1849

Andrew Jenson.

PLAIN TALKS FOR PLAIN PEOPLE.

MYSELF—MORALLY.

Myself—physically, dealt mainly with the mortal body; the house we live in.

Myself—mentally, with the mind or spirit, in connection with that part of the body with which it is associated, viz: the brain and spinal cord.

Myself—morally, deals more directly with our spiritual natures.

Nevertheless, all three are so intimately connected, that neither can be well considered without the other.

If we would be fit representatives of our great prototype, we must be physically, mentally and spiritually moral.

How can I fulfil the first condition?

The reply begins by quoting that oft repeated saw:

"Cleanliness is next to godliness."I must, then, keep my body physically clean, externally and in ternally;

externally, of course, by frequent bathing and attention to such details as the care of my hair, teeth and nails.

While no advocate of undue attention to dress, it certainly is highly important that the apparel should receieve enough of my time and attention to be kept neat, clean and whole.

This much of my duty to Myself attended ^to,

I will likely cut quite a presentable figure, viewed by the casual observer.

But I must not stop here, my work is only half done;

I have only polished up the outer man, while my internal being may be like the whited sepulchre we read about in the Scriptures, full of filth and corruption.

"Disgusting!"exclaims some frail and sensitive creature.

"I don't see why, when people write, they don't select pleasant subjects, and not things that send cold chills creeping up and down one's spine! "Exactly, it does require quite a stretch of the imagination to think that so fair and polished an exterior as you, my dear friend, are possessed of, should hide anything less pleasant and wholesome from view.

Yet ten chances to one, such is the case.

Let us see how this might be.

If, day after day, I draw into my lungs, intended only as the receptacle of the pure air of heaven,

2 3 8 PLAIN TALKS FOR PLAIN PEOPLE.

volume upon volume of tobacco smoke, clogging up the millions of delicate air cells with its debris, my blood is not sufficiently aerated, waste materials that should be illuminated are retained in my body, and soon my whole organism becomes saturated with poisonous substances which dull my intellect, deprave my appetites, destroy digestion, and more or less derange the whole physical apparatus.

Do you suppose I can consistently call Myself clean under such circumstances, or that a high moral tone can exist under such conditions?

Again, if, from time to time, I pour down my throat a fiery alcoholic draught, the delicate mucous membrane lining the aesophagus, stomach and intestines, at first reddened and inflamed, gradually loses its tone, becomes hardened or tanned; the mouths of the various glands tumified, perhaps closed altogether, and almost before I am aware of it, I am the victim of obstinate dyspepsia.

A continuation of the same course soon leads to congestion of the organs of elimination, whose function is thus impaired, and once more my body becomes saturated with the poison of waste materials retained when they should be excreted.

Under such conditions, is my body a fit receptacle for the Holy Spirit, which alone prompts me to attain a high moral standard?

Verily, no.

Before leaving this part of my subject,.there is one more point, and a most important one, to be considered.

Certain functions have been given to the human family for the highest and holiest of purposes; that of perpetuating the species; bringing to the earth immortal beings to be clothed upon with mortality for a divine and godlike object.

Worse than death is the pollution of this principle, resulting alike in the degradation of every faculty, be it physical, mental, or moral.

No pure thoughts, no lofty ideals, no noble expirations can exist in a body rendered impure by a wrong use of this function.

On the contrary, every low, groveling passion and appetite is fostered, until they will eventually shut out every vestage of the pure, heavenly light of integrity and virtue.

If I would be physically pure and moral, and without it I cannot attain to any degree of morality in any phase, I must shun all these tendencies as I would the deadly upas;

I must hedge myself about with a code of pure, wholesome physical laws, to which I must strictly adhere.

Having attained to this, I have accomplished considerable toward my ideal of morality, but I must still look to the state of my mind and heart.

Let me examine Myself on these particular points, that I may be able tojudge of the merits of the case.

Have I deluged- my mental being with literature of a doubtful moral character?

If so, I must not flatter myself that I have came out unscathed, even though the wounds may not be preceptible to my prejudicial gaze.

Have I associated with perhaps made boon companions of persons of a low standard of morality?

It so, there is still more danger that I have been contaminated, for personal contact is, of all methods, the surest of inoculation.

I may feel Myself strong in the power of treading the path of moral sectitude marked out for myself;

strong in the integrity of my good intentions; but if I deliberately place Myself in the way of the most subtile, alluring, and fascinating of temptations, there is small hope for the consummation of any ideal of morality.

Conversely, if my physical and mental food is of a pure and wholesome character, there is little danger of spiritual immorality.

Yet, it behoves me to keep a guard upon Myself, even under these conditions.

I must cultivate, by every means, high and ennobling thoughts and feelings;

must emulate lofty principles and examples; must seek to be true to the letter and spirit of our holy religion;

indeed, must neglect nothing that would tend to increase my faith in, and love for God and my fellow-man.

If I do all these things, in a sincere and humble spirit, what can prevent the attainment of the highest standard of moral excellence for Myself?

In early days there was given for the moral government of man a code of ten laws.

He who conformed to them all

PLAIN TALKS FOR PLAIN PEOPLE.

.239 was considered a very good man, as no doubt he was if he did so in spirit and in truth.

When Christ came, he gave one simple rule which he said contained all the laws and the prophets.

"Love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy might, and with all thy soul, and thy neighbor as thyself."Simple and concise, yet how fraught with condensed meaning, as were all the sayings of His heaven-inspired tongue!

Let us glance at it critically and see if it will not prove all-sufficient for our moral guidance.

If I love God with my whole heart and soul, the natural sequence is that He will stand to me in the light of the most precious thing in my existence.

He will be my idol, to the exclusion of all else.

Naturally, the chief end and aim of my life will be to please Him, and to do so, I must keep all the commandments which

He has given.

Not only this, but those things which He has vouchsafed to us merely in the light of counsel or advice, it will be my delight to honor, that I may become the more perfect in His sight.

My desire will be to draw near to Him, and to partake of His spirit, on the principle that we all seek to be near those whom we most love and reverence.

My aim will be to get back to His presence;

so my whole life will be a constant struggle against temptation and evil of every nature, to this end.

Hence every Godgiven law, whether physical, mental, or moral, must be kept, to attain the desired results.

Again, I am to love my neighbor as Myself.

Now, as was remarked in the first paper of this series, Myself is generally very dear to me.

I might perhaps contrive to love one of my neighbors, provided he possessed the requisite qualifications to fill the position of my ideal, almost as well.- But on perusal of the Scripture pertaining to this doctrine, it is quite evident that Christ did not intend our love for our neighbor to be of this exclusive sort.

Like all principles emanating from the same source, it is broad enough to embrace the whole human family.

So I am to love all my fellow creatures as I do myself.

Dear me!

This Seems so much harder than the first!

I have been always taught, in a manner, to revere God;

but on this other point, I fear my education has been sadly neglected.

People differ so, some are so queer, some so wicked; they have so many cranks and foibles and hobbies about them.

How can I ever learn to loveathem all as well as Myself?

True, that is the situation.

But perhaps if every body had always loved his neighbor as himself, society would not now be in such a state.

Every man, woman and child would be the equal of every other man, woman and child; there would be no lines of caste; no distinction between rich and poor, for all would fare alike; no learning opposed to ignorance, for all would have equal educational advantages;

and so on, acL infinitum.

But we must look upon this matter as it is, not as it should be, and endeavor to see what we can do toward keeping this second part of the great moral law.

If I love my neighbor as Myself, it stands to reason that I will endeavor to advance his interests in every way, the same as I would my own.

I will not only do this when opportunity offers, but I will strive earnestly to make opportunities;

he being counted but a poor manager for himself who sits down with folded hands, waiting for something to "turn up"to better his condition.

I will do no injury or hurt to my neighbor;

for what is he but a crazy man who will do injury to himsell?

I will not take from him his substance, nor defame his fair character with my tongue of spite.

Such a course toward one whom I love as Myself would be entirely inconsistent.

I will not even covet that which he has above me, even though it be wealth, honor, genius, all of which may be absent from my own condition.

I will rather rejoice in his good fortune, and strive with my might to aid him in increasing them, and putting them to noble uses, If my neighbor is sick, I willnurse him with a brother's care;

if death enters his household, I will be there to comfort and bless; if his substance be destroyed by fire or flood, I will devide with him, to the last cent, my home and its contents.

If I find him straying from the path of rectitude, I will

ALMINA.

exert myself for his reform.

If he wrongs me I will not go to law for retribution, but I will forgive him, even to seventy times seven;

feeling toward him, not anger, but only sorrow for the past, and hope for the future.

Such, dear reader, is not what I do, not what you do, but what we should do, and what we must do, if we ever attain to the blessed state promised as a reward for keeping this one simple moral law of our

God.

Caches.

ALMINA.

liY NEPHI ANDERSON.

VII.

ON THE BRINK.

Mr. Victor Garnett continued to be a frequent visitor at the house of Widow Brown's.

The neighbors looked and talked;

and the whole town were commenting on the fact.

"I don't understand it,"good sister Hawes was heard to exclaim to her neighbor, who had "just run over to borrow a cup of sugar.""He must have some connection with the family."

She was standing over a steaming washtub.

"Nothing of the kind,"answered the visitor.

She sat down again, as she had something to say on this topic.

"He only wants to have some relations with the family,and that's my honest opinion.""Surely, he's not after Almina?""That's all right—"with a knowing movement of her head—"I've seen such things before, and I tell you, its a serious matter.""But Sister Brown told me the stranger was simply looking up some mining prospects.""Yes, but le'me just tell you that the biggest mine he's got his eye on, is not a coal mine nor a gold mine neither, but on somebody that's worth half a dozen of either.""Yes, Almina's a good girl, and whoever gets her for a wife will get a treasure.""Oh, it's a shame!

Sister Brown ought to know better than to encourage it.

There's Will Edwards, not able to be about much yet, who takes it to heart more than many think for.

I've seen it.

I've watched them there two, from when they was children, and I know Will is terribly put out about it.""Do you think she has slighted Will?""How can she help it She can't marry both of 'em.

The girl is old enough now to be courted;

and to tell you how really serious it is, John told me confidentially of course, but you'll tell no one, that he has seen them, Almina and the stranger, out walking after dark!"

The speaker nearly whispered the last words, while good Sister Hawes stopped the rub, rub, on her wash-board and stood astounded at the news.

So much for gossip.

Meanwhile Will Edwards regained his health; he could walk around and do small chores about the house.

One evening feeling more lonesome than usual, he decided to call on Almina, and to appear to have some errand, he was to ask the loan of a book.

Sister Brown welcomed him warmly, and told him Almina had just gone out for a walk, but would no doubt be back soon.

Tommy climbed upon Will's knee and coaxed him to "play horse;"so he, amused the prattler while he waited.

"Til -walk down the street,"Will said presently.

"Perhaps I will meet her.""Sister Brown said nothing, and Will passed quietly out.

The mother's silence and strange actions had not been lost by Will.

A peculiar feeling crept over him, which did not lessen at the sight of two figures sauntering slowly over Willow Creek bridge.

Will slackened his pace.

The forms left the bridge and passed on down the avenue of cottonwoods on the other side.

Will stopped.

He had seen enough.

The evening twilight was fast deepening into gloom, and the air had a strange dullness, so he retraced his steps, and went home.

Another week, and WiU had seen

ALMINA.

241.

nothing of Almina.

It was hardly to be expected that she should call on him now that he was well again, and Will had not yet made another attempt to see her.

There was to be a cricket match that afternoon in the park.

(The "park"was an open field by the river.) Will was early on the ground, not to take part, however, as he was not strong enough yet.

A large crowd gathered, and the interest ran high.

About three o'clock Will saw Almina and Lovina Algood.

Mr. Garnett was with them.

They came to where Will was sitting on the grass and chatted pleasantly.

A stray ball came whizzing into the group, and hitting the crown of Mr. Garnett's stiff hat, sent it rolling over the field.

The laugh which followed, did not lessen when it was discovered that the ball had torn a large hole in the unfortunate head dress.

Shortly after, Mr.

Garnett excused himself and went up town to buy a new one.

During a lull in the game, part of the company strolled off into the promenades among the trees.

By general consent Almina was turned over to Will's care.

Will had no objections, as he wished to speak to her alone; so they walked over to the arbor by the creek.

"I was thinking I'd like to go to the party on the Fourth."Will said after they were seated, "and.—and I would like you to go with me."Almina flushed slightly but was silent.

"What do you say, Almina?""Why—I don't know.

You see—the fact is, I have half promised Mr. Garnett for that evening.

He wishes to go veiy much, to kind o'see the people and get acquainted with our ways."How Will's heart beat!

'Twas some time ere he could compose his words to say in a quiet tone:

"And I wish to go too, Almina.""Well, Will, I see no objections why we should'nt all go.

There are plenty of girls who would go with you.

And for this once, I don't see how I can refuse Mr. Garnett."Perhaps the interruption which followed, prevented an outbreak irom Will.

He certainly.was in a mood to express himself emphatically.

But they went back to the game which was now very tame to Will, and watched it out.

To describe Will's feelings will not be attempted; but foremost among his convictions, was that Almina was shunning him for some one else.

The Fourth of July came around -as it will every twelfth month, and the good people of Asheville prepared for its celebration*.

It was to be a grand one this year, and the day was looked forward to with that pleasure which anticipation brings.

Will Edward's was on one of the committees, and he was kep busy for a number of days, which served a good purpose by taking his mind from something that was weighing heavily upon it.

The glorious day was welcomed by the booming of cannon (which, by the way were but a pair of blacksmith Hansen's anvils,) and the boys who had slept on the haystack to watch for the first gray streak of light in the east.

Not a moment of that auspicious day was lost to the boys;

for at the first boom, to the public square they flocked.

There was Colonel Johnson, with a red stripe down his pantaloons, and the national colors around his hat.

He was in his element.

He loved the smell of powder, he told the wondering crowd of boys about him, as it put him in remembrance of war times, "when I led the brave boys in blue into the field."And the "Colonel"proceeded to heat the end of a long iron rod in a small fire close by, and touch oft his cannon, with quite a military air.

The boys stuck their fingers in their ears and blinked.

Bang! The echoes rolled up the valley, and down the valley; up trre hills and back again;

making the windows in the school house, close by, rattle; echoing through the dawning sky into the people's houses and bedrooms, awakening the good people (and the bad also) with a start, for who could sleep in such a din.

At ten o'clock came the procession to the bowery, followed by the usual programme of oration, etc.

In the afternoon were games, -and in the evening the grand ball at the bowery, was the attraction.

It was hardly dark,

ALMINA.

ere the lanterns and torches were lighted, and a gay company began to gather.

Will Edwards was there;

for although he had tried hard to escape from committee work at the party, he could find no excuse to'offer without betraying himself, so he was there, busy with the lights and the seats. "Anyway,"he said to himself by way of consolation, "I'll be near her."The dancers assembled rapidly.

The musicians took their positions and made a great deal of hideous noise, tuning up.

The floor manager calls the dancers on, the floor is soon filled.

Then up strikes the music.

"Balance all"shouts the prompter, and there is a moving whirling mass of black and white, and curls, and rosy cheeks and sparkling eyes, and laughing lips of a happy lot of humanity.

See, the bishop and his wife With hair nearly as white as the girls dresses.

Young again are they.- There goes Brother Smith and his wife—the people usually say sister Smith and her husband, she is so large and he is so small—but for that they are the most graceful dancers on the floor, so the critics are saying.

President C goes there—see there! Whom is he dancing with?

I declare, if it is not poor widow Robinson, the poorest dressed lady on the floor.

Well, well!

But just watch that lovely couple.

Now, in that waltz.

See that tall, graceful form of the young man and his partner who lays a beautiful arm upon his and gazes up into his eyes as they whirl away in the agile movements of the dance.

Ringlets of long dark-brown hair are parted from the forehead and hang in rich prolusion over her shoulders.

Her step is as light as a fairy's to-night, and she smiles on her companion with rosy lips and black eyes beaming with radiance.

The breeze comes cool from the mountains, the cottonwood and willow boughs fling on the air the odor of withered leaves, and the flickering of lamp and torch throw a weired light over all;

yet Will Edwards sat in a corner in the shadow of a green bough unmindful of all save the handsome young couple. On them his eyes were rivited.

His breast seemed to burst with pain and every particle ofjoy hadjfled from his soul.The night wears on;

yet the brooding figure in the corner does not dance.

He is busy with something else—the confused images* ot his brain.

In time, from out that confusion comes a clear purpose, and that is, not to give up yet.

He will struggle with her to the last.

It is surely his duty, at least, to do so.

He will speak to her again and tell her plainly her danger and, perhaps, urge his own claim a little.

Oh that that claim could move her.

The resolve soon moves him to action and he darts across the floor to where Almina is sitting, fanning her flushed face.

"Will you please dance with me?""Certainly."And she takes his arm and they lead on.

"You're not dancing to-night Will? I've not seen you on the floor once."They stood waiting for the music.

"No, I think I'm hardly well enough to dance much.""Then I must be careful and not swing you too much, must I?"And she laughed at him.

Will was silent.

At one of the rests in the dance, Almina turned to him soberly and said:

"Will, you are sick to night, I can see it."To which he answered:

"Yes I am not well."The fiddler tapped his instrument, and the dancers scattered to their seats.

As Will led his partner across the floor, he asked her to walk out with him a few minutes as he had something to tell her.

As she hesitated, he drew her wrap around her shoulders and led her out with a little more force than persuasion,

Almina thought.

They went down the path leading to the creek.

The moon shone brightly above the willow tops, and the water murmured gently below.

"What is it Will?"\^e must not go far as I am engaged for the next dance."

Will was at a loss how to begin.

He did not wish to offend her at once should he mention his own. feelings or "Well!"She interrupted his thoughts impatiently.

"I wish to speak to you about your partner, Mr. Garnett."Will began boldly.

"Are you sure you know the character of the man, Almina?"

ALMINA.

"Now, Will, is that all you wish to say to me?""No, not half! That man is not a fit associate for you.

You know not what you are doing in keeping him company."

Almina would have become very angry at his talk, no doubt, but the vehemence of his langnage and tone startled her.

It was something new for Will to address her with so much passion.

She saw his face was pale with emotion, and with a tremor of fright she withdrew her arm and cried:

"Will, Will, let me go.""No Almina, you must hear me!"and his hand fastened upon her arm with a force that pained her.

"You must hear me this time.

It is a matter that cannot be delayed Almina.

At the mine that day Mr.

Garnett, your partner to night, in ^the face of death, blasphemed the name of his God.

I judge him by that Almina;

is that a fit companion for you? A stranger to our community, an unbeliever in our faith.

Oh, you must be mad!"The startled girl gave a little moan, then burst into tears.

'.'Forgive me if I am hard"he continued in a milder tone.

"The truth is oftimes harsh and unpleasant, especially to wayward ears.

But I shan't scold you more.

Is there no other reason why you should not be so intimate with the stranger?

Have I, Almina, no claim on your considerations?

Have our associations together been for nought?

You have been so kind to me, you have encouraged me.

Was it all hypocrisy?

Did you not mean that I should learn to love you, Almina?"He paused, but she answered nothing but a low sob.

"Almina, I have learned the lesson you have set me—learned to love you with all my soul."Still no answer. He would have taken her in his arms, but she stepped back when he stretched out his hand for her.

The fiddle screamed through the night air.

The moon sailed calmly through the dark blue heavens.

A fish in the brook leaped to the surface, making the water break into innumerable rings of light.

Will put his hand.on Almina's shoulder.

The flowing ringlets lay over it and he gently pushed them aside.

He looked into her face and whispered in a hoarse voice:

"Then you do not love me.

You have deceived me, have you not, and it is all over?

No answer.

"God forgive you, and may His protection be over you, for you will need it."

He took her arm and firmly escorted her back to the bowery.

She had ceased her weeping and her wrap was well over her face.

"Ah, here you are.

Now, Miss Brown, that's not fair.

Been out promenading when you should have been dancing.

Our waltz has been missed, but the music is striking up for a polka.

Will you join me?"And Mr. Victor Garnett smilingly scolded and extended his arm to his partner.

Will released her.

She stood between them.

'Twas a momentous instant.

A crisis in her life.

But she knew it not, poor, frail creature, already within the glare of the flame.

She stood immovable between them at the meeting ot two roads.

Which should she choose?

She lingered, she hesitated.

She heeded not a still small voice, speaking within her, but as if drawn against her will by some powerful influence, she stepped up to her smiling partner, and took his arm.

Will went home.

And when the moon had performed its nightly journey and sank to rest behind the western hills, the music ceased, the lights went, out, and naught remained save the gentle rustling of the dead leaves on the dying branches of the bowery's shade.

(To be continued.) SPELLING "KITTEN."A dear little girl, With her brain in a whirl, Was asked the word "kitten"to spell.

"K-double i-t-t-e-n,"said she,

And thought she had done very well.

"Has kitten two i's? "And the teacher's surprise With mirth and impatience was bent.

"My kitty has two,"said Marjory Lou,

And she looked as she felt—quite content.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City.

March, 1892.

POLITICS.

The political revolution now going on in this Territory is one of great moment to every man and woman residing here.

It is a time when men who have fought sideby side in the People's Party, through victory and defeat; who have maintained a defense against attacks made upon their common rights and privileges, are called upon by circumstances to bury those issues of the past upon which they have stood as a unit,'and think and act in relation to other principles of a more national and general character.

The spirit of national affairs has taken possession of our hearts, and the momentous issues of the greatest government on earth have entered into our political discussions.

Old organizations are broken up, local people's clubs are abandoned, and the men, young and old, are joining one or the other of the great parties.

In this change there naturally arises discussions, and sometimes warm and heated debates.

Men heretofore of the same mind in local affairs are now opposed to each other on party lines, and every man is striving to gain for his party the ascendency.

This cannot be avoided, but in some of the cities of the Territory comes word of bitter feeling occasioned by the political struggles, and it is said that brethren are estranged from each other.

We do not believe this is so much so as some have represented, but if there is any of it the sooner it is overcome by better and more brotherly methods and feelings the better.

Why, men all over the country engagein political battles, and then join hands when they are over.

It is the only Christian-like way.

Majorities rule in this republic, and when the fight for supremacy is over and one party is uppermost the other should extend the hand of fellowship and join in making a srood government.

No one doubts the honesty of Republicans. No one questions the sincerity of the Democrats. They are all good citizens desiring good government with simply a little difference as to the methods and policies to be pursued.

In the states when a president is elected the defeated candidate generally congratulates the victor first.

With the governors it is the same.

Should men, instead of congratulating'their successful opponents, shun them, call names, injure reputations and become enemies?

We think not.

The joining together ot opposing forces in an endeavor to promote the general good, after the struggle is over, is not sacrificing any principle, but shows a desire for peace. Why, even nations engaged in bloody battles, when the victory is announced, make treaties of peace.

When they do not do this it only prolongs the strife.

Take France as an example.

She lost possessions in her war with Germany, and if the proper rule had obtained, peace would have prevailed and.war never again thought of;

but instead, the monument* to her lost posessions was draped in mourning, the minds of the people inflamed and events which should have been buried kept fresh in their minds, their hate was nursed and fed until it has grown so great that probably only another bloody war can wipe it out.

The same results from little causes can be traced"to communites and individuals.

So we say, be enthusiastic but considerate; be true to your party but generous to your opponents, and if you win or lose shake hands on the result.

We have heard it said that during this last winter the Mutual Improvement Association in some parts of the Territory figured in politics.

How true this is we do not know, but we hope wisdom will prevail everywhere and that the associations will remain free from party politics.

We should study the course in civil government, the constitution of our country and the form of all other governments, and be a unit in keeping from the Mutual Improvement meetings party strife and contention.

ASSOCIATION

INTELLIGENCE.

NORMAL INSTRUCTION.

To y. M. M.

I. Stake Superintendents Dear Brethren:—The importance of related, systematic, progressive work in the Mutual Improvement Associations, as well as other organizations among us as a people, cannot be over-estimated.

In our letter of September ist, 1891, to.you we introduced the M.

I.

Manual, Part I.

It is gratifying to know that the

Manual is proving a practical aid as was intended.

Now the next step in advance is the preparation of efficient leaders to conduct this educational work in the various wards; and to accomplish this the

Mutual Improvement Normal Course of Instruction has, upon our recommendation and with our endorsement, been established in the Brigham Young Academy, Provo, where representative young men and young women can be sent from the various stakes and wards to receive a course of teaching and training that will prepare them to properly conduct the association work in their wards on a truly educational plan, of which theology is the base.

You will, therefore, please confer at once with the Presidency of your Stake, and with their advice and counsel, instruct the president of each association to confer with his Bishop, by whose advice and counsel the selection ot students will be made to fill this mission.

The Course of Instruction is five weeks, and the tuition is free.

The first class of seventy-five students completed its course or work an the 5th inst., and the second class is now in session.

Your selection should be made carefully and as soon as practicable.

The names of those called to this mission must be forwarded direct to Assistant General Superintendent, Milton H.

Hardy, who has been assigned to the Chair of M.

I. Normal Instruction.

He will list and classify the names, and notify you when they can enter, as the number in each class will be limited.

Each student selected should receive a writing to that effect, signed by the bishop of the ward and the president of the association.

Praying the spirit of your calling to be with your constantly, We remain, Your fellow-laborers, Wilford Woodruff, Jos. F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, General Superintendency.

1st and 2nd Tenor.

Adagio f=60 1st and 2nd Bass.

?M 'DAWN OF DAY."MALE CHORUS.

WORDS AND MUSIC BY E. STEPHENS.

zgp^ f Dark are the night's drear sha dows, j i^JniJ £2-

''DAWN OF DA\."feS A~^=Ei r> Eg Long has the night de part ed;

&e» 5# Fair -1—G>- » P ^5 c?im.

P t- b-^r sun, P* J- haste, a rise, dim.

Make all the world glad «?- PPPi^ ferric S E^Ei heart ^S ed:

All na - ture cries, s>- v=t F Oh, bright sun a Haste thee a rise, Make all the world glad 5?Ptt PP tiisi JS2heart §feg5£ tp ed;

3EEJ F Make all the world glad heart ed.

r i i 1*—

F*1 fei

Moderate f—76 PP m$ i >is 'DAWN OF DAY:

*-.

=T==F '4 7 Now in a 5EE east - ern skies, see, the dawn begins A__JLt h to rise.

Efcfc PP Softly stealing thro'the azure, Pur - pie morn conies Hear them join in songs to welcome, To his reaim the 1st. time, find, time Soft ly steal Na tilre joins ing the through song the of *=£ v p v y v l V y Softly stealing thro'the azure, Pur - pie Hear them join in songs to welcome, To his morn realm comes the o'er the hills, king of day, Gently wak - ing drow sy nature, Birds and bubbling Now ascend - ing up the heavens, To resume his *r*=t i vi m t=t wel 5—^- t^=» zure, come, Pur As pie the morn day o er sumes the his A sm t=z, -#—4- £=b=£±±£ £# 0.

w c Gently wak - ing drow - sy nature, Birds and bubling Now ascend - ing up the heavens, To resume his o'er the hills, king of day, rills.

1st.

sway.

2nd.

jt it± ±33t ff^ -fch-V"« hills, Hark hear them, rills.

sway.

All the living world a - wak'ning £=ff:

a Fg / L/ rills, Hark hear them, -tf-v-

"DAWN OF DAY.

mmmmt^^HF^Wl 9> V joins with rapture in the lay.

Birds in bowers, trees and flow ers, H ff J All proclaim the day.

"-t-:

. riL Come my brother wait no longer p a tempo Come my brother no longer with the day, Du ty calls ye here and yonder.

Up a - rouse ye with the day, Du - ty calls ye here and yonder.

g=^£ H=*=**t V—

Lome, come, f come, Jt way, %*£-:it V- Come,K At E3* s^- £ a way.

way. m m

^PRICE'S Baking Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit.

Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

LIVERPOOL I LONDON | GLOBE i:v»iJi*iVJvoE> o 0:1*1:1*a:ivy.

Fire Assets, $19,559,102 Premiums Received 1889, 6,740,238 Losses Paid 1889, 3,847,039 H- J. GRANT & CO., I CROOKS & WARREN, Salt I alea. r.itv B "-A-CS-JSJXrTSS,, a Resident Managers, Salt Lake City.

Chicago, xii.

The Business Man's Friend.

SIS'1 oil FOR NEATNESS 0F work, ^^Sf ^BulSt EASE OF MANIPULATION, JK^^^jtSmiir DURABILITY AND SPEED, the REMINGTON TYPEWRITER For full particulars call or address IS UNEQUALED.

F.

E. McGURRIN, 403 HE?RHS!rrVD,NG '

*h5|*EH<- SQ0f(51\IBd50l\.

ESTABLISHED 1879. * YOLU XIII.- the conclusion of the Twelfth Volume of THE CONTRIBUTOR (which is now bound and ready for delivery), its publishers extend thanks to the people for their extensive patronage, and take pleasure in announcing some of the new features to be introduced in early numbers and to be followed as rapidly as possible by others, which will not only maintain for the magazine its enviable reputation as the leading magazine of home literature, but secure for it a prominent place among the enterprising firstclass literary magazines of the country.

Columbus and the Discovery and Peopling of America: An Illustrated series of Historical Studies, to prepare readers for an appreciation of the Four Hundredth Anniversary and the great World's Fair at Chicago.

The Birthplaces of the Prophets:

A series of descriptive sketches made by Junius F. Wells.

During the present summer the author has visited Sharon, Windsor Co., Vermont;

Whitingham, Vermont;

Farmington, Connecticut; Potsdam and Trenton, New York, etc, etc., and will describe the scenes surrounding the birthplaces of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, W'ilford Woodruff, George A Smith, Daniel H.

Wells, and others of the prominent leaders of the Church.

These papers will be handsomely illustrated.

Book of Mormon Lands and Cities:

By Joel Ricks, who has made a careful study of the travels of Book of Mormon peoples and of the ruins of their cities.

This series will be illustrated.

Colonial and Revolutionary Battle Grounds will receive the attention of Prof. J. M. Tanner, who is collecting views in New England and writing a number of sketches to accompany them.

Missionary Life and Experiences will be treated by representative Elders in Scandinavia, England and the Southern

States.

The Church Emigration, by Andrew Jenson.

This exceedingly valuable series will be continued.

Political Principles We have arranged for some papers from well-known exponents of Political Doctrines, which will give readers a comprehensive understanding of the principles and

policies of the Republican and Democratic Parties, and be of great practical assistance to young men in forming political opinions and party connections.

In Fiction we shall present some original serials and short stories.

Narratives, Sketches, Poetry, etc., will be as interesting features of the future numbers as of the past.

Association Intelligence: We propose in this department to give the experiences and methods of the most successful Associations working under the new MAN [JAL, and publish valuable correspondence on the subject.

This department will be open to Association workers, for questions and explanations.

$1000.00.

MUSICAL CONTEST.

$1000.00.

In June, 1892, there will be given a Musical Contest for $1000.00 in prizes, for both Instrumental and Vocal

Music.

THE CONTRIBUTOR will announce the particulars and conditions of this the Greatest of all Contests, from time to time, as necessity suggests.

The Music for the Vocal Contest will be published in elegant style in the Magazine.

The Magazine will be Enlarged by the addition of one hundred pages or more to Volume XIII, and in every way that the patronage of the people will justify shall we improve it, that it may be in all respects the representative of our people's progress and intellectual development.

Subscription:

The subscription is Two Dollars a year.

Binding Fifty Cents a volume.

For Two Dollars and TwentyFive Cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

We recommend every subscriber to order it this way.

The magazine is thus doubled in value, being read as it comes out, and still preserved, a record of the best thought of the times, which may be referred to in years to come with untold interest.

We are assured by subscribers, who have all the back volumes, that they would not part with them for any price.

Blinding Volumes bound in cloth at cents each.

Missing numbers supplied to subscribers at 15 cents each.

Binding Cases for any volume, 25 cents each.

Fine Bindings, Half Morocco, gilt, 11.00 each; Full Morocco, gilt, $2.00 each.

Bound Volumes: Complete sets, Twelve Volumes, cloth, $27.00 per set; Half Morocco, gilt, $32.00.

We will exchange any other Bound Volume for volumes 1, 2, and 4, unbound, if in good condition.

Special: We have a limited number of large engravings of

Lieutenant-General Joseph Smith and of President Brigham Young.

Until our supply is exhausted, we will send a copy of either to subscribers for Volume XIII. who pay $2.50 in advance (which also includes binding).

These engravings sell at $1.00 each.

Remit money by P. O. note, registered letter, or draft.

Stamps taken for amounts less than one dollar.

/^yf Address, THE CONTRIBUTOR CO., IsiiCo;

Constitution Building, VP J?

P.

0. Box 520.

Salt Lake Citv, Utah.

The Finest and Largest Variety of Yvedding (jards $£- Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

f[\ere\)ar)t priptii^ <?ompar;y, J08. HYRUM PARRY.

M»n»g«.

—*• W. South Temple St., a * t m r 117TK rrrf_Nearly opo. So. Temple Sad.

HALil -L/AKJi. CITl.

Utah Cracker Factory, HENRY WALLACE Manager, Manufacturers of the Celebrated J SILVER BRAND OF FINE CRACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

^"Sold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,^ [lardy, You do; 9 <?o.

v.FiRST.-.<8cpss.-.

pa/r\ily (^roeeries, Dry (}ood8, Boots ar?d 5^?oe5Sou/n ar/d <5our/try Jrad^ 5°''G'^- Jl/^DY, - YQtlfy - gO,, 28-30 n\aii> St., Opp. Z. Q.

(T\.

L. SaK lak;e Qity, 0. p. W*RDY, (T^ager.

THE DESERET SAVINGS

BANK.

WMHE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called 3k to the Deseret Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

Johh Shabp, President.

Moass Thatcher, Vice-President.

DIRECTORS.

S. A.

8icrra, Cashier.

Johw Sharp, H. Dinwoodky, J. R. Barxes, Ellas A. Smith, P. W.

Jnnmras, I*mm Sharp, L.

S.

Hills, D. H. Pkery, W. W. Ritxb, Gborgr Romwr.

Moses Thatcher,J.

0. Cutler, J. T. Little.

$ \ THOMA0.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

26, 28, 30, 32 E. FIRST I^.Thoriias.

SOUTH ST - iia* -^THE: GUION LvIN^K- For.'. QUEENSTOWN.\ and.-. LIVERPOOL From Pier N ew 38, North River, Foot of King- St., New York, every Saturday. U^M^KIa.abOTo^s WXONWUG-S.-n?) \ous M_kS\<vK, fc.soo tons.

KRYLO^. s bOO low?.

W\SCCmS\N 3.i2QTous.

K^*"i These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make the passage across the Atlantic both safe and ngreeaMe, having Bith-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Sargeon, Stewardess, mid Caterer onea:-h Steamer.

The Siate-rooras are all on Deck, thus insuring thoNe greasiest of all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadway, New YorL

A. M. UNDERBILL & CO

SUBSCRIBE FOR THE

DESERET NEWS Per Year.

Deseret Evening News, $1000 Deseret Semi- Weekly News, 3.00

Deseret Weekly, 2.50,.„i|,<».'\ «,li,i'i,n,l>i,ll>l||H,(l,/i|,nil'l|l<ll, lil'l|M,l«u, l|l'li'l|IH,''M'>i''u*liH|('lil«ll'l/

Book i Joli Printing and Book-Binding.

i«ilH(»W«-M.(»tl'hM«M(»«i|iW«»,M|Mll"WM|lti»«i<»«Mi«i)<.»««««M.!

.i'WM.M.li,,**,^,] PRICE LIST OF CHURCH PUBLICATIONS FOTl SJlLK BT The Deseret News Company, Salt Lake City, Utah.

BOOK OF MORMON, with references.

Gilt, $2.75; Full Bock, $2.00;

Full Roan, $1.75; Full Leather, embossed, $1.25; Full Cloth, embossed, $1.00.

BOOK OF MORMON, (Large Print,) Morocco, Extra Gilt, $3.75; Leather, Gilt, $3.00; Leather, $2.25; Oloth, $1.75.

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references, Gilt, $2.76;

Full Bock, $2.00; Full Roan, $L75;

Full Leather, embossed, $1.25; Full Cloth, embossed, $1.00.

SPENCER'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the Church,. Full Roan, embossed, $1.00; Full < 'loth, embossed, 75c.

KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P.

Pratt, Full Roan, embossed, 75c; Full Cloth, embossed, 50cts.

VOICE OF WARNING, by Parli y P.

Pratt, Full Roan, embossed, 50c;

Full Cloth, embossed, 35c; Limp Oloth, 25c

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE, Morocco, Gilt, $1.25; Leather,

Gilt, $L00; Roan, 75c.

; Cloth, embossed, 50cts.

DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY?

Discussion between Elder O.

Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which Is added three discourses on celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, Geo. A. Smith and George Q. Cannon, 25cts.

"MORMON"DOCTRINE, Plain and Slmple,or Leaves from the Tree of Life, an explanation of the principles of the Gospel, In twelve tersely written chapters, followed by an original poem, and an appendix giving scriptural references for all the subjects treated upon In the body of the work.

A handy volume for anyone, 25cts.

CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN.

Exhibiting the most prominent doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, by John Jaques. Leather, 40c; Cloth, 25c; Boards, 20c;

Stiff Cover, 15c A COMPENDIUM of the Doctrines of the Gospel, by Franklin D. Richards and

James A. Little.

Leather, Gilt, $2.00; Leather, $1.50; Imitation Leather, $1.25; Cloth, $1.00.

READY REFERENCES.

Scripture texts arranged In subjective order, with historical notes.

45c, 55c, 85c, and $1.10, according to binding.

BLOOD ATONEMENT.

By C. W. Penrose.

Explaining the doctrine as under.

stood by Latter-day Saints.

20c WHY WE PRACTICE PLURAL MARRIAGE.

By Helen Mar Whitney.

20c THE "MANUSCRIPT FOUND."(Spauldlng Story).

Paper, 25c; Cloth, 60c;

Leather, Gilt, $1.00.

ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD.

By President John Taylor.

10c THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

By John Jacques.

10& »-3 pa CD <ronoz so COC O

BRCTW^I^G BROS., 155 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE., OGDEN, UTAH

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GUNS, >dj$L.

frHENEWBAKER TENTS BICYCLES, v^^^K^fe^^^-..

GUYT HAMMOCKS, LA B V IsE T BALL S '^^^^^^^^^^^^J FIELD GLASSES, CRICKET GOODS.

^t§P*l SHOES, Etc.. Etc.

Agents for the "American Rambler,"the highest grade Safety Bicycle made; "Eclipse"Wheels

Du Pont's Sporting and Blasting Powder; Safety Nitro and Atlas Powder Giant Caps, Fuse, etc.eLC.

We sell a 24-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch, £35.00; and 30-inch for 845.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail fiee to any address.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES "TKE^ CEJNTURY."THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Nicholasfor Young

Folks, issued by the same house, "are read by every one person in thirty of the country's population."One great feature of The Century for is to be "THE GOLD HUNTERS OF CALIFORNIA."describing that remarkable movement to the gold fields in '49, in a series of richly illustrated articles written by survivors.

The November Century begins the volume, and new subscribers should commence with that issue.

The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

"ST. ]VICHOIvAS.»> The year 1891 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St. Nicholas."J. T. Trowbridge, Noah Brooks, Charles Dudley Warner, and many well-known writers are to contribute during this coming year.

One cannot put the spirit of St.

NICHOLAS into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1891 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

THE J1EW EJMJH) PGAZIJ1E.

Edward Everett Hale, D. D.,1 Editors

John Myron Potter, Edwin D. Mead, J Manager.

An illustrated monthly Magazine, a current record of New England life ana thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

$3 00 per year.

Wm. Driver & Son, ^Wholesale and Retail Druggists. * THE MOST RELIABLE DRUG HOUSE IN THE WEST

IS THE FIRM OF WM. DRI^EIR & ©ON, M p ar'iSS e atteR n et« e OGDEN, UTAH.

CONFECTIONERY.

SHIELDS S CO., 4} i 45 Stale SI, CMCACO.

THE THOMPSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

IMPORTERS AND MANUFACTURERS OF'

XTHE FINEST X> m i KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the Famous Brand of

Red Cross Lye, 30, 32, 33, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET, CHICAGO.

Blackwell's J3i*rlxo^rxx Tobacco

Has the LARGEST SALE of any Tobacco in the World.

fOR PLEASURE «OMF$RT,HEALT"SMOKE THE OLD, ^MANUFACTURED ONLY. BY W.T.BLttCK\taJk xi Co.

* DX)RH/IM,TV.C;

Li IT BEARS THE!^PULM>ECAUSE_RELIABL£:

The Herald's Offers this Year!

EVERY SUBSCRIBER lo Ihe SEMI-WEEKLY HERHLD Receives a Number in the great **5000 Premium Distribution.

AS USUAL.

The Americanized Encyclopaedia Britannica,

THE LITERARY SENSATION OF THE AGE.

(Ten Volumes) can be had with one year's Serai-Weekly Herald for $23.00.

The books alone retail for $45.00.

Five dollars down and the balance in monthly instalments will secure the great work, the paper and a premium number.

Five per cent discount for cash.

—Gold and Silver'Watches given Free To those sending a certain number of subscribers.

An elegant $5.00 POLITICAL AND U.

S. MAP can be had with the Semi-Weekly Herald for $3.75.

Call and satisfy yourselves or ask your newsdealer for particulars.

Also NOTE THIS REMARKABLE OFFER.

You can get GENERAL GRANT'S MEMOIRS (2 volumes, the origiual $7.00 edition), the great COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE one year, the SemiWeekly Herald, and a premium number for $6.50.

See the Herald for further particulars.

H.

G. WHITNEY, Business Manager.

B H. ROBERTS, Editor Semi-Weekly Herald,

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH.

HOM E I R E O F IT AH POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

THE STATE BAflK OF DTAjl.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, PRESIDENT.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Cashier.

JIRECTORS joseph f. smith.

charles s. burton, william h. kowjb.

nephi w. clayton.

Abraham h. cannon, erank y. taylor.

spencer claws0n.

philo t. farnsw0rth.

eli as morris.

richard w. young, henry a. woolley.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Go-operative JVIereantileInstitution, Salt Lake City, Organized Oct., 1868.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

OFFICERS:

J resident,.

Wilfokd Woodruff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. Webber;

Treasurer, A. W. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN, LOO^N, PROVO.

and IDAHO FALLSDrug Dept., Main St.

SALT LAKE CITY.

W. H. ROWE, Assistant Supt Utah Territory.

DIRECTORS:

Gf.o. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romney, J.

R. Winder, H. Dinwoodey, P. T. Farnsworth, J.

R. Barnes, W. H. Rowe.

MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

f. G. WEBBER.General Supt HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS

MAIN STREET.