$2 » H Is f ONTRIBUTOR- J A->nONTHLY-AAGAZINE- $ 2§ vot.xm JANUARY-I892 -no 3 I ft PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR • CO SALT • LAKE;CITYUTAH- raa&S^t

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JANUARY, 1892.

PAGE.

S ilem (Illustrated), Joseph M. Tanner.

Almina, (Continued Story), Nephi Anderson.

The Author of "Fairy Tales,"...Edward H. Anderson.

Harvest Home, H. W. Naisbitt.

God's Vengeance. A Reminiscence of Greystone Gulch, (Continued Story.) Enod Dralliw.

Lake Mary (Illustrated), Josephine Spencer.

Macau lay (Conclusion), Respice Finem.

Church Emigration IX. (Illustrated),

Andrew Jenson.

Two Graves '.

Laertes.

New Year's Eve.

[After Jean Paul.] Leo Haefeli.

Editorial:

The Departed Year., Music:

"The Linden Tree,"Musical Notes: The June Contest

National Airs Wilford Woodruff, President.

B. H. Schettler, Asst. Cashier.

Zioi/s iTKXJ^^T COMPANY,-, 3 & 5 Sckvfc ^cmpfe St., Salt £a&e Ciftp

ESTABLISHED 1873.

INCORPORATED 1888 MtlEVTOnS.

Wilford Woodruff, Prest., George Q. Cannon, Vice-Prtsl., Joseph P. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Le Grande Young, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, Cashier, H. B. Clawson.

DOES A HERAL BANKING BUSINESS.

Pays 55 Per Cent.

Interest on Savings ===^==="Deposits.====ssBg SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Boxes for Rent at Reasonable Charge, Money to Loan, °Lc£K?e v s e d at horn Hates of Interest.

ReKBg 0f R^GGKt ©®t^!

D.

A.

<fc M.

COVERS FOLLOWING AGENCIES.

#>BE^T IIV THE V^ORIvDJ^ WALTER A. WOOD HARVESTING MACHINERY.

RUSSELL & CO'S SEPARATORS AND ENGINES.

MITCHELL, BAIN & RACINE WAGONS and Sheep Beds.

Deere & Co. Steel Plows and Harrows, fourteen styles.

Ohio Co.

Buggies, ten styles.

Oliver Chilled Plows, eight styles.

Davis Carriage Co.

Buggies.

De Laval Cream Separators.

Laidlaw Hay Presses Myers & Co. Pumps and Haying Tools.

P. P. Mast Rakes, Cider Mills and Drills.

Stoddard & Co. and Farmers'Friend Press Drills, Tiger Rakes.

Belle City Feed Cutters and Powers.

Staver & Abbott Feed Grinders and Corn Shellers.

Missouri Iron Roofing Co's Roofing.

A. P. Dickey & Co, Fanning Mills.

E. M. Miller & Co. Concord Buggies.

Planet Jr. Garden Tools.

Railroad Grading Tools, Scrapers, etc.

Hgff* Our exhibit comprised 250 different articles, 15 pieces of machinery in motion, $250 in Premiums and 6000 pounds of Souvenir advertisements given away.

There is nothing antediluvian in the above;

it must not be classed with diplomas given while Noah's

Ark was being built.

C»ti WHAT THE JUDGES SAY.

For the Best Display of Wagons, Buggies, Implements and Machinery, the Society's Diploma is awarded to the CO-OPERATIVE WAGON & MACHINE CO.

Signed.

JOHN OKIAD.

HENRY PUZEY, JOSEPH WALKER, WM. NAYLOR.

HEN^Y W. LAWRENCE, President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Secretary.

The fifth Judge, Phil. Kllpple, was unavoidably absent.

Above are for sale at Ogden, Logan, Idaho Falls and Montpelier*

Co-op.Wagon & Machine Co.

GEO. T. ODELL, General Manager,

General Offices, Salt Lake City.

WARNER BROS.

HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that over two million wensold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned againsi the many worthless imitations ot Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with com mon twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness) after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation.

recognized, for they have "Dr.

Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

They can always be FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

* WARNER * BROS. * NEW YORK and CHICAGO.

For Sa/e in Sa/t Lake City BY C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS..

R. K. THOMAS.

7or Sale in Ogden Z.

C. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE.

SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

Warner Brothers Celebrated Corsets.

B. F. & H. L. SWEET, -MANUFACTURERS OF- <il\ "COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS,:

"Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies Go-=o;pe:t-»t:ive Wagon and Maotiine

Co., General Western Agents.

Scientific American Agency for CAVEATS, TRADE iVSAHKS.

DESIGN PATENTS COPYRIGHTS, etc.

F^JH??rmation and free Handbook write to

MUNN it CO., 361 Broadw-.t, New York.

Oldest bureau for securinc patents in America, livery patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the

Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No int.elli-e-.i- man should be without it.

Weekly, $3.00 p.

year; $1.50 six months.

Address MUNN & CO.

Publishers, 361 Broadway, New York.

THE WE TELL about Seeds. We will send you Free our Seed Annual for 1892, which tells THE WHOLE TRUTH.

We illustrate and give prices in this Catalogue, which is handsomer than ever.

It tells NOTHING BUT THE Write for it to-day.

r W\. L J;T Wm\ D.M.FERRY d, CO., Detroit.Mich.

STUDY LAW AT HOME.

Take a course in the Sprague Correspondence School of Law.

Send ten cents (stamps) for particulars to

W. C. Sprague, L.

L. B 312 Whitney Block, Detroit, Mich.

THE Standard Gauge RAILWAY!

Through the Rocky Mountains!

Choice of Thr>e Distinct Routes, and the most Magnificent Railroad Scenery in th World.

Two Fast Express Trains Dailv each way between OGDEN, SALT LAKE and DENVER.

Elegant Reclinii Chair Cars FREE OF CHARGE Direct Connections made in Union Depots. The most Thoroughly Equipped

Railway in the West.

J.

H.. BENNETT, General Freight and Passenger Agent.

D. C. Dodge, A. E. Welbv, Gen'l Manager.

Superintendent.

AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER

1M3 AGEIVTS.

We want Live, Energetic and Capable Agents in every county in the United State'and Canada, to sell a patented article of great merit, on its merits.

An article having a large sale, paying over 100 per cent, profit, having no competition, and on which the agent is protected in the exclusive sale by a deed given for each and every county he may secure from us.

With all these advantages to our agents, and the fact that it is an article that can be sold to every house-owner, it might not be necessary to make an "Extraordinary

Offer'to secure good agents at once, but we have concluded to make it to show, not only our confidence in the merits of our invention, but its salability by any agent that will handle it with energy.

Our agents now at work are making from $\$o to $600 a month clear, and this fact makes it safe for us to make our offer to all who are out of employment.

Any agent that will give our business a 30 days'trial, and fail to clear at least $100 in this time, above all expenses, can return all goods unsold to us, and we will refund the money paid for them.

Any Agent or General Agent who would like ten or more counties, and work them through sub-agents for 90 days, and fail to clear $750 above all expenses, can return all unsold and get their money back.

No other employer of agents ever dared to make such offers, nor would we if we did not know that we have agents now making more than double the amounts we guaranteed, and that but two sales a day would give a profit of over $125 a month, and that one of our agents took 22 oiders in one day.

Our large descriptive circulars explain our offer fully, and these we wish to send- to everyone out of employment who will send us 3 one cent stamps for postage.

Send at once and secure the agency in time for the boom, and go to work on the terms named in our extraordinary offer.

We would like to have the address of all the agents, sewing machine solicitors and carpenters in the country, and ask any reader of this paper who reads this offer, to send us at once the name and address of all such they know.

Address at once RENNER MANUFACTURING CO., 510 Smithfield St., Pittsburgh, Pa.

w "CORTICELLI.M ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, j J a 7) b ft, o These are the., in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of threa<i\ The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli"built.

C. H. SAMPSON. \ger » HM ffl PJ w r r r C hH H r r k r W *J n H u:

w DO

£.

<?.

<?offii? hardware Qo, Nails, Iron, Steel, Stoves, Granite Ware, Cutlery, DEALERS IN< Cordage, Pipe, Brass and Iron, Pipe Fittings, Rubber Hose, Builders'Hardware, Belting, Packing, Edge Tools.

Progress Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Finest and Largest Variety of Y^/edding (jards tff>- tf Partjr TieHets Printed in the Latest and best Stylet.

/T\erel?ar;t priptir;^ §ompar/y, JOS. HYRUM PARRY.

M«nag.r.

Ntarig opp. So. Temple QaU, SALT LAKE CIT1 PATENT ROLLER MILL CO, MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF JjBKi&kV::A^fc5^^W*-V3:AJ^^ LOU mmmmmsm* *mumwm mmmammmmm High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, W.

South Temple St.

SALT LAZE OIT1T, UTAH

[TOttd flPfN larg ple.

a e nsrkCO,n B00kS an<1 PllO DIUO. #»*«** Stationery.

Text Library and Mormon Books Specialty.

76 S. Main Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Wm. Driver & Son, ^Wholesale and Retail Druggists.^ THE MOST RELIABLE DRUG HOUSE IN THE WEST

IS THE FIRM OF WM. IDFiF^ElR & ©ON, OGDEN, UTAH'Mail Orders Receive prompt attention.

WSmSmm MALERIALlflDNEr&LUNG?

e>e£ DISEASSE5CV3"- UTAHB00K& STATIONERY Co SUCCESSORS TO LIVERPOOL I LONDON 1 GLOBE INSURANCE COMPANY.

Fire Assets, _____ Premiums Received 1889, Losses Paid 1889, » f<- H, J. GRANT k C0 M CROOKE & WARREN, $ 19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 Salt Lake City, -f- Resident Managers, Cliicago,

HIGHLAND BRAND

EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated to a creamery consistence and.

Thoroughly Sterilized May be diluted v\rith eitlier Water Or fresh Milk: to any desired consistence.

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to Jtxtx^l^: <&s PT'ci.toio.rx, Agents,

P.O.Box 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

To Consumers of Pure Lard.

To meet the increasing demand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely* free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers throughout Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City,

Agents fof ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS CITY, MO.

111 tellyou a secret fl 6u\you mu^thi fell/ NoKper^psyoum&y g tr/inkit&jol^e- rjut ifyejirst \tig$mmwt Girls who know well how to eook on t Great ft|j#3p For Sale by^Z. C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

THE CONTRIBUTQR.

Vol.

XIII.

JANUARY, 1892.

No.

3.

SALEM.

Witch Hill.

Salem is a typical New England city with a metropolitan and yet provincial air.

The smaller towns of Danvers, Peabody,

Beverly and Marblehead swell periodically to trade and give it more importance than it would enjoy by its foreign trade or manufactures.

The proximity of Salem to Boston limits the commercial activity of the former within a provincial scope.

Beyond a certain limit, trade overflows and is carried by the currents 'concentrating at the capital of the commonwealth.

The Salemite is not a distinct character.

You find him at one time sociable and full of yankee talk, and at another he possesses a metropolitan reserve.

You are never sure that you can throw offthe reserve of social restraint and enjoy the freedom of town simplicity.

At one time you find yourself lounging over the fence indulging your curiosity in a good friendly gossip about old ways and old times.

If you care to disclose your business, your travels, your likes and dislikes and make yourself familiar, you are sure to meet a responsive fellow-feeling and receive a full measure of confidence.

Around the corner is a principal street of the. city.

People, feel the'touch of commercial life.

They hurry, they bustle, and put on an air that is not wholly natural or becoming.

Business irritation is felt and produces an abnormal activity which many prefer to think is, or ought to be, the fixed condition of daily life;

but which frequently subsides and gives men time to be social and talkative.

Here and there people live, and houses are built in the good old fashioned way;

but reserve and distinction are already felt to be growing, and soon exclusion and indifference will make the word neighbor a curious specimen of antiquated life.

Snug fitting window blinds are becoming a distinct necessity in every man's affairs.

From a wish to shut out the glare, the habit has grown to shut out the light.

Not that men care less about a bit of news or friendly gossip; but they get all these things in the newspapers which go in quest, all over the world, of just such

io6 SALEM.

gossip, sensation and intelligence as suit the multitudinous tastes of their readers.

Everywhere it is read;

and just as too much talk without a proper mixture of reading became a serious defect in man's nature and education, so, too, all reading and little social fellow communion pronvees to go to those extremes by which the eye alone becomes the educator of the human soul.

The transformation in Salem is well nigh accomplished, and those who would again partake of the genial New England life, so common to this historic city a generation or two ago, must not long delay the opportunity which its new life is fast destroying.

Three things have made Salem historic:

Witchcraft, oriental commerce and Hawthorne's life and works.

It was only six years after the Pilgrims turned their ship into Cape Cod Bay that Roger

Conant left his fishery at Cape Ann and built the first house in the Indian village of Naumkeag which became the capital of the Massachusetts colony.

Salem did not long hold the supremacy.

Boston soon manifested her superior advantages and in time gained the political ascendency.

Rigid church discipline was felt at

Salem as elsewhere among the Puritan colonies in New England, so we need not be surprised to read that Philip Ratclif had an ear cut off and was publicly whipped for disrespectful words touching the church and government.

Others were put in the stocks for traveling on the Sabbath.

Neglect of public worship was a hideous kind of apathy, dangerous to public policy, and Mary Oliver, who was altogether too indifferent and reproachful towards the magistrates, was publicly whipped and received a cleft-stick on her tongue.

The mediaeval cage was built to enclose the refractory and expose them to open shame.

A curious contrast to this illiberality was the treatment and protection of Roger Williams.

Boston was the first town to receive him in this land, and from there he accepted, a few weeks after his arrival, an invitation to succeed Mr.

Higginson as teacher in the First Church at Salem.

This little building stood on the corner of Washington and Essex Streets, and became one of the most famous in America.

Its independent organization in 1629 was the first in the New World, all other churches of this land having been first organized in the Old World, before the colonists left.

The First Church has since been moved and its framework preserved by new roof and side boarding.

The inside retains its quaint old beams and finish.

It is extremely small, but possesses, nevertheless, a gallery.

Some of the rustic furniture of old times remains.

Many consider the independent stand taken by its members the first step to the liberal progress of religious discipline in this land.

The Bostonians of those times did not regard Mr. Williams with favor, and marveled that the Salemites should choose him as their teacher.

Soon after his arrival in Boston he took issue with the people there on their conduct in religious affairs, insisting that the people should make a public declaration of their repentance for having had communion with the church in England before their emigration to this land.

Holding him self aloof, and agitating questions of church discipline in a community so sensitive on religious matters, he soon created the most intense bitterness in the minds of the people, who considered the issues he raised of vital consequences, and became relentless in their opposition to his ministry in any part of the Massachusetts colony, over which their authority extended.

The Salemites disregarded the remonstrances from

Boston, but Mr. Williams did not remain long teacher of the

First Church before he accepted the invitation to become assistant pastor down at Plymouth.

He was induced to come to Salem again, and when the devout people of Boston perceived that Williams was to take a position as religious teacher among the people retaliation began on the side of the Bostonians.

They soon found causes for fresh complaints;

they refused to make Salem a new grant of land; they would not seat in the general court deputies from Salem, and finally passed a decree banishing Roger Williams from the Massachusetts colony,

SALEM.

which included Salem as well as Boston.

Respite was given him until spring; but the irritation kept up, and the magistrates concluded that his early removal would prove beneficial to the colony, and a boat was sent to take him to England.

News of the magistrates'action reached him, and it was then that he resolved to plunge into the New England forests, in mid-winter, and make his way through the snow, guided by means of a rude compass, and found a new state in Rhode Island. He learned at Plymouth something of the Indian language, and his interest in and humanity towards the whole matter was a mere question ot policy, and not at all of religious liberty.

Williams attacked the rightof the colonists to their land; he denied the power of the magistrate to enforce the laws; he struck at allegiance to the government; he strove to encourage a policy which would still further inflame the king and embitter their relations with England; he stirred up disorder and dissension—and all this was done in a time of trial and extreme danger from abroad.

That at this day he could have done and said all he did unmolested, is probable; but even now in time of war such a man would be re- § R'h;er Williams'House.

red man made him beloved of that race.

The house where Williams lived in Salem still stands on the northwestern corner of Essex and North streets.

It is in a remarkable state of preservation for a frame building.

A drug store has been erected so as to obstruct about half of the front view.

Contrary opinions are entertained by different writers respecting Mr. Williams'conduct.

Mr.

Lodge, a Massachusetts Delegate to Congress, the author of the

Lodge or Force Bill, in his book, "A Short History of the English Colonies in

America,"writes of him as follows: "The garded with suspicion.

Under the circumstances of the time and place, he was dangerous to the State; the magistrates had the right to turn him out, and they acted strongly and wisely in doing so:"Other writers prefer to regard his banishment as an unwarranted attack upon the right of worship, and place the founder of Rhode Island in the attitude of a martyr by extolling his resistance to the mother colony.

One of Williams'peculiar views attached to the unpropriety of women going out on the streets unveiled;

but the greatest objection to him arose, no doubt, from his antagonistic policy to-

lot* SALEM.

wards the mother country.

The king was suspicious and inclined to restrict the colonists, so that in these capricious relations the Bostonians carefully guarded against irritating the king and parliament.

The Salemites were more heedless of First Church (Roger Williams'Church),

Erected 1G34.

probable consequences.

Williams ap pears to have incited John Endicott, one of the Court of Assistants under Winthrop, to cut the red cross out of the English flag then floating in the Salem harbor.

The Puritans felt that the Episcopal Church had not gone far enough in its withdrawal from papacy, and regarded all emblems of papal rule with extreme dislike.

It was an audacious venture when the mother country was suspicious of her colony's fidelity, and much was feared from the belief that such an act would be construed as rebellion.

Endicott was suspended from office a year, and disapproval was expressed chiefly as a matter of policy.

Secretly men endorsed Endicott's doings and subsequently one of Salem's eminent authors spoke of the affair thus: "It is one of the boldest exploits which our history records.

And forever honored be the name of Endicott We look back through the mist of ages, and recognize the rending of the Red Cross from New England's banner, the first omen of that deliverance which our fathers consummated after the bones of the stern Puritan had laid more than a century in the dust."Who cannot read in the early colonial life of Boston, Plymouth and Salem, the chief cause of the revolution.

Taxation without representation, the stamp act, tea tax, and a long list of causes enumerated in the Declaration of Independence were proximate causes;

but the deep seated prejudices of more than a century point indisputably to religious differences.

The Revolution was the logical and historical out-come of Puritanism.

The far reaching consequences of a movement which attained its greatest intensity in England in Cromwell's time were not confined to the nation in which the agitation began.

The wave of religious opposition carried on its crest to distant lands, the stubborn resistance that finally culminated in the American Revolution.

In a word the cause of the Revolution was religion, Puritanism in its unspent form Few of the world's great revolutions that have not originated in a religious movement.

Nothing is more common-place in the texts of colonial history than Salem witchcraft.

In a westerly direction from the center of Salem about a mile stands

Gallows or Witch Hill.

In 1692, nineteen persons, mostly women, were hung here on charges of witchcraft.

From the principal street on the east of the hill gradually rises to the distance ofabout one hundred feet above the adjacent part of the city.

It is on the extreme outskirt and its side facing the sea is well nigh covered with small one story frame houses.

In the rear of these houses is a large pasture which encloses the hill; cows were feeding in the close, and a pensive stillness reigns

SALEM.

about.

The land extending inward from the ocean is rocky, hilly, and barren.

Witch Hill itself offers a commanding view of the city and harbor.

In those early days when the population was sparce and few obstructions shut out the view, the unfortunate victims must have been conspicious objects of admonitions and warnings to those whose morbid curiosities bade them look that way.

I sat down on a rough rock to read a description of those times and turned my face to the east, over the barren wastes partly used for pasturage that I might go back and question the past. The horrors of religious bigotry now playing lively upon my imagination created a strange foreboding of evil.

I was seated just below the top of the hill and out of sight of any living object except a cow feeding in a marshy ravine below, when a foot-step from the rear suddenly startled me.

I arose at once, greatly suprised to learn that a man had made so near an approach unobserved.

I at once stepped out into full view of the houses and began con versation.

My newly made acquaintthe earliest opportunity to say good-day, and pass to another part to continue my observation.

The story of those dark days is a mournful reminder to those who venture at their peril to disregard public prejudices and oppose the popular religious sentiments of the age.

Returning from this abode of the evil genii, I next visited the county courthouse, where some of the records of witchcralt trials are kept.

Many of these records have been published in Mr. Upham's voluminous history of Salem witchcraft. Among other curious relics associated with those early scenes were the pins alleged to have been used by the witches to torment their victims.

The lady clerk whose particular business seems to be to exhibit on request, these relics, turned to the records of some of the trials and left me to examine them at my leisure.

They are curious specimens of court procedure, and grow tiresome by their repetitions and similarity.

Probably no two characters in the witchcraft drama are more striking and suggestive than those of Giles Corey and his wife, Martha.

The North Bridge, Scene of Leslie's Retre ance seemed at first ill at ease;

but was soon made to feel comfortable as possible while I kept my distance and continued in the direction of the houses. Not much passed between us, but the coarse voice and brutal profanity inspired no confidence, and

I took,vt at the Opening of the Revolution.

former had been one of those hardwork ing, strong-willed farmers of New England's trying days.

He seems nearly all his life to have disregarded public opinion and to have been given little to religion.

He had his disputes, and was at sundry times brought before the courts, but

no SALEM.

nothing of any serious nature was ever proved against him.

Martha was his third wife, and devout in her ways, much given to prayer.

When the witchcraft excitement broke out they disagreed about it, lie taking unusual interest in the proceeding and giving credence to the Peabody Academy of Science.

matter, while she refused to believe it was genuine.

It would seem that Giles Corey had grown more fervent in his old age—he was now eighty.

The domestic differences soon became public talk, and his wife's discredit soon made her a victim of the authors of the horrible delusion.

The strange manner in which the public mind became intoxicated with the n6tion displays both the childish nature of its character and the eagerly sought opportunities people took to satisfy their prejudices on the most trivial pretexts.

During the winter of 1691-92 a company of young girls habitually met at the house of the Reverend Samuel Parris, where they practised fortune-telling, palmistry, necromancy, etc., and soon drew so much attention to their games that they perceived the hold they were getting on the public mind.

Their confidence and boldness grew apace, and they ascribed their peculiar acts to supernatural effects.

Religion has borne all the odium of Salem witchcraft, but it would really appear that science was the first cause which inflamed the minds of the people.

A doctor was called in of course doctors were authority in those days as they are now. Religion seldom gets so strong a following as the doctors "said so."However, the doctor pronounced the children afflicted by witchcrall.

As soon as science passed her de- cree, these devout Puritans at once saw an effect of Satan to crush Christianity in the New World.

The children claimed that they received visions; thatthey were pricked and painfully tormented at times they swooned, screamed, or went into wild gesticulations on opportune occasions.

They were asked to name their tormentors, and their keen discrimination told them who were already in unfavorable repute, who did not punctually attend church, or who in anyway came under their suspicion or dislike.

Generally the evidence of their truthfulness was the correctness with which they described their victims'clothing.

The public was aroused and the courts forced to action.

Many of the records of these trials are carefully preserved in the court house at Salem.

Here is a specimen of questions and answers from the trial of Martha Corey.

The questions refer to the young girls whose childish plays ended in the most tragic scenes.

"Mr.

Hathorne: You are now in the hands of authority.

Tell me now why you hurt these persons.

I do not.

"Who doth?

Pray give me leave to go to prayer.

(This request was made sundry times.) "We do not send for you to go to prayer; but tell me why you hurt these?

I am an innocent person.

I never had to do with witchcraft since I was born.

I am a gospel woman.

SALEM.

"You say you are no witch.

Maybe you mean you never covenanted with the devil.

Did you never deal with any familiar?

No, never.

"Who is your God?

The God that made me.

"What is his name?

Jehovah.

"Do you know any other name?

God Almighty.

"How many gods are there?

One.

"How many ^persons?

Three.

"Why did you say, if you were a witch, you should have no pardon?

Because I am a woman."The examination proved effectual.

She was hurried off with others to a Boston prison, but brought back to Salem and executed on Gallows Hill"Just before her execution was carried out the members of the church were called together and action taken on her standing.

"n September, Lord's Day.

Sister Martha Corey—taken into the church 27

April, 1690—was, after examination, upon suspicion of witchcraft, March, 1692, committed to prison for that fact, and Lieutenant Nathaniel Putnam and the two deacons chosen to signify to her, with the pastor, the mind of the church herein."

They found her obdurate, protesting her innocence.

Public opinion in time changed, these questions were looked into more dispassionately, and sometime after she was hung she was voted again into the church in full standing.

Giles, her husband, had not been blameless in subjecting his wife to suspicion, and in revealing family jars. But prejudice soon fell upon him and his turn came. He became the victim of one of those legal punishments visited on the head of those who stand mute before the court, as fully explained by Blackstone.

It seems that his sons-in-law had participated in the opposition which was raised against him, and furnished evidence leading to his conviction.

He saw his follies and the pernicious effects of the witchcraft delusion, and was determined that, since he must die, his unworthy heirs should be rebuked by his will, in which all of his property was given to certain ones Chestnut Street from Summer was condemned to the gallows for the same yesterday;

and was this day, in public, by a general consent, voted to be excommunicated out of the church, and

If he submitted to trial and was convicted he became attainted, and his heirs could not inherit.

He resolved to stand mute before the court and suffer death peine

I 12 ALMINA.

forte et dure that he might not become attainted, and give certain of his children the benefit of his will.

On refusing to plead he was taken to his prison, deprived of his clothing, placed upon his back, and a heavy weight laid upon his stomach, that under its agonizing pressure he might be forced to plead or die in this horrible and ignominious manner.

He was given stale, poor bread and stagnant water on alternate days, until life was literally crushed out of him.

Such torture soon brought a revolt in the public mind, and the shameful events of that superstitious reign of terror subsided.

Witchcraft will always be associated with the name of Salem, however much some of her more patriotic citizens may contend that the delusion of 1692 did not start in Salem, that of the nineteen persons executed only three belonged to Salem, and that of the eleven condemned, but not executed, not one lived in the town.

But Salem was not the birthplace of witchcraft.

It was punished by death in the days of Moses.

One hundred were condemned to death in one inquisition in Redmont, in northern Italy;

five hundred were executed in Geneva, in 1515;

and English history from Henry VIII.

till after Salem's ordeals, is filled with accounts of the trials of witches and their executions.

Such eminent legal lights as Johnson, Lord Bacon, and even the great Sir William Blackstone believed in witchcraft, and that it ought to be punished by death.

On the other hand, patriotic sons and eminent scholars have given lustre to the name of Salem.

There may now be seen on North Bridge a stone commemorating the first resistance to the English soldiers in revolutionary days.

Colonel Leslie's march was disputed here by Colonel Pickering, and the British by treaty forced to return to Boston.

The East India Marine Hall still stands in witness of a foreign commerce which radiated eastward from Salem to the South Sea Islands and the countries of Europe. This hall has been converted with its museum into the Peabody Academy of Science by the purchase made from the liberal bequest of George Peabody in 1867. Few museums in this country are more valuable in ethnological treasures brought from Africa, China, India, Japan,

Corea Europe, South America and Mexico.

To-day peace and quiet reign beneath the wide spreading branches of the chestnut, and the cooling shadows linger all the day through below the dense foliage so charming in this thrifty New England town.

Gazing down the verdurevalted arch of Chestnut Street in the mellow green light of its sunny summer days, one lingers in the enchantment of nature's ideal loveliness.

One crosses and recrosses, looks up and down in its peaceful walks, and loiters along the way in the happy consolation of nature's communion with the soul.

I have never seen but one Chestnut street.

Salem has it.

/• M.

Tanner.

ALMINA.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON.

LOGIC OF VARIOUS KINDS.

It was well for that little grief-stricken family that kind neighbors extended a helping hand, and able.connselors spoke words of comfort.

It was well for them that they had the Gospel light to shine upon their understandings.

In the darkest, most soul-crushing hour, there was that holy flame, piercing through, shining above, extending beyond the heavy mists of woe, telling the aching heart that all was for the best;

bringing hope, teaching that the Lord in his wisdom permitted the father, to stay as long as was needful, then exercising that same wisdom, called him to another field of action.

It was well for them that they understood the truth; that death was not the end; that it had lost its sting and the grave was but a stepping stone in the evolution of the human soul to its perfection.

"Say not good night, but in that brighter world bid me good morning,"

ALMINA.

"3 the husband seemed to whisper to their hearts.

So there was another mound added to the graveyard under the hill.

So there was another wife, another family to take up the battle of life anew and carry it on alone.

To the mortal eye it seemed cruel, but we must not complain.

We can but "see through a glass darkly,"at best.

Some day we will understand it all, and comprehend the mysterious ways of God.

It was the third day after the funeral when Almina's mother asked her to go over to Blake's and inquire about Will

Edwards, and call at Crosbie's on the way.

Will had been very low since the accident. George had escaped with some slight bruises.

Almina found him bandaged and sitting by the fire.

He was in no danger, but would be around again in a few days.

When Almina knocked lightly on Henry

Blake's door, it.was opened by Susie, his oldest daughter, who raised a warning finger to be quiet.

The sick was sleeping, she said, and must not be disturbed, as he had not slept any the whole night before.

Susie and her mother looked worn out, which Almina soon found was due to continual watching and loss of sleep.

Although Will's relations had not exerted themselves in the past to any great extent in his behalf, they were not altogether devoid of feeling, and so, of course, in this case, they did their best for him.

Almina learned that Will had a high fever, and would toss and rave all night long.

Someone had to keep watch all the time, and so she offered to take her turn at the sufferer's bedside.

The offer was gladly accepted.

"He is awake and wants a drink of water,"said Sister Blake, coming from the sick room.

"Do you wish to see him, Almina?"Almina followed her in.

Will recognized her in a dazed manner.

But how changed he was; the usually flushed face was pale and haggard, comparing in that respect to the one that bent over him and asked him how he was feeling.

"I think I am better to-day"he said faintly.

Then he looked at her for some time and asked:

"Is that you, Almina?""Yes."She took a chair and drew it up to his bedside.

But he said no more, simply looking up to her face with strange, feverish eyes.

After a time she told him she would be back in the evening and see him again, at which he said:

"Thank you."At nine o'clock in the evening, Almina returned to the watch as she had promised.

Receiving full instruction as to the medicine etc., she bade the folks lie down and get the much needed sleep, of which privilege they soon availed themselves.

The house became quiet and Almina was alone with the patient.

It was something new to her as she had done but little nursing.

Will was resting when she entered, and so she quietly put the room in order, as she thought it very untidy.

Bringing fresh water from the well, she prepared some lemonade for his drink, and arranged the bottles on the table at the bedside.

Then she sat down to think if anything else needed doing.

Poor girl! She was really worn out herself, from the trials of the past week, and would have fallen asleep but she was aroused by her patient.

He began to mutter, and then to talk in an excited tone.

His mind was wandering.

He was in the mine talking to his employer and Mr. Garnett, to whom he seemed to be suggesting something.

Then came the crash, and Almina shuddered at his shouts and groans.

"Will, Will!"she pleaded, and she placed her hand on his burning forehead and arrested the tossing head. Gradually becoming quiet again, she placed the cup to his lips and gave him the cooling draught.

He opened his eyes and looked at her for a few moments.

"Almina,"he said.

"Yes, Will, what is it?""Are you alone? ""Yes, I am tending you to-night.""Where are the folks?""They are resting, Will, as they need it very much."He passed his hand over his eyes, as if to clear his clouded brain.

"Yes, they need it, and so do you Almina.""Oh, I'm all right.

But never you

U4 AI.MJXA.

mind.

You have talked enough for the present."He remained quiet for some time, but the fever would come back and sweep over him like a hot wave, and he would rave and talk again.

So time passed, and at twelve o'clock she was released by one of the family.

The cool night air quickened her weary steps, and she soon arrived at home.

Her mother was waiting for her, and pressed her to eat some supper.

Then the tired workers, offering their petitions to God, went to rest.

It was not the sunshine, which, slowly creeping down the roof and wall, peeped in through the curtained window, and danced on the opposite side of the room, that awoke Almina next morning, as it sometimes did.

No;

it was the stamping and neighing of a horse that aroused her.

Seeing she had overslept herself, she was soon up and dressed.

Upon entering the kitchen she found Mr. Garnett talking with her mother, and a good morning was exchanged.

Mr.

Garnett explained that he was on the way to E to catch the train.

Having some time to spare, he had called, excusing himself on the unseemly time for calls.

But sister Brown would not hear his apologies, and insisted on his staying to breakfast.

Mr. Victor Garnett expressed himself within his own mind of course, as being happy to do so.

Somehow, since that strange meeting in the mine, he had felt attached to the bereaved family.

To be frank, this did not extend to the whole family as much as it did to one particular member.

The thought of that awful night was often intermingled with pictures of a beautiful form and face, bewitching in its simple, trustful, manner.

There was always a glow of pleasure when he thought of it.

So Mr.

Garnett had wished to know more of such a charming character, and had improved his opportunity during the general confusion following the accident.

Sister Brown welcomed him as the friend of her husband.

The strange meeting with Almina had done away with the need of an introduction, and had advanced him well along the road to acquaintanceship.

At the breakfast table, Almina studied their guest more carefully than she had hitherto done.

His hair was a light brown, nearly "sandy"she noted.

His complexion was clear.

A heavy mustache relieved the otherwise clean shaven •face.

His hands were large and white.

His eyes were quite large, and had a peculiar expression in them.

Altogether Almina summed him up as being a fair looking gentleman.

Mr.

Garnett's language was clear and precise, as if he always took great care in selecting the proper words before he spoke—and not afterwards, as Almina often did.

His deportment was above criticism.

So Sister Brown also pronounced him "a very nice young man.""I wonder if he is in the Church?"Almina had asked.

"No;"her mother had answered.

"I discovered that the other day.

You remember the day he called and stayed to dinner?

Well, I requested him to ask a blessing and he excused himself, saying that he was not a church member""That means he does not belong to any church, does'nt it?""I think so.""WeH, I have heard it said that an infidel is more likely to receive the truth than one who has been brought up in the false notions of the sects."The mother had looked at her daughter inquiringly, but having seen no hidden meaning in her words had answered that it sometimes was the case, but not a certain rule.

That morning Mr. Garnett made himself uncommonly agreeable, romping with Tommy and amusing the baby who he wished to hold.

Sister Brown placed the little one in his arms, and in an instant the little mischief had her finfiers into his hair, making him wince.

"There, you're not used to nursing babies, I see,"said the mother, with a smile, taking her from him.

"No,"he answered, "I really believe that's the first baby I ever held in my arms!"At that Almina joined her mother in a prolonged "oh"of incredulity.

"It's a fact,"he continued, "I'm the baby in our family and he is always

ALMINA.

spoiled, you know.

Well I must be going."As Mr. Garnett stood by his horse ready to mount, he saw Almina in the doorway.

He had wished to speak to her all morning and now was his time.

So he held out his hand to her, and she, taking the few steps between them, took it and bade him good morning, with an invitation to call if he ever had occasion to come to Asheville again.

"Good morning,"he said, and his cheerfulness changed to an earnestness which Almina could not help noticing.

"You must take care of yourself, Miss Brown.

You do not look well.

You will pardon me, but if I can be of any assistance I would be pleased to render it."Almina was a little embarrassed by his words In fact, she hardly caught his meaning, but she managed to thank him and say that they were in need of no further help.

With this, he mounted and soon disappeared down the road in a cloud of dust.

The advisability of encouraging Mr.

Garnett's visits to any extent, had not been entertained by Sister Brown, or even Almina.

But that there was any danger in his visits they did not perceive.

He was a perfect gentleman.

His pleas ant manner and cheerful words cheered them in their daily duties.

It was at least a change in the usual visits of their neighbors, as they seldom came for the express purpose of cheering them, not seeming to understand that their afflicted sisters needed a little sunshine brought into their darkened lives.

The kind old Bishop was an exception.

His smiling face and merry jokes were always appreciated.

He was Tommy's delight, and even the bady soon began to stretch out her chubby arms and prattle with delight at the appearance of the grey beard thrust into the cradle.

A week passed.

Sister Brown and Almina helped at Henry Blake's, and Will was progressing favorably.

He could sit up a few hours each day, at which times Almina was usually with him reading and talking.

One evening they had been reading about a missionary's experience in the States, as found in the "Faith Promoting Series."The deepening twilight had hindred the reading, so the conversation turned on kindred topics.

"How would you like to go on a mission?"asked Almina so suddenly that it made Will smile.

Then without giving him a chance to answer, she followed her query up in her usual way.

"Now, I believe I'd like to.- It must be a pleasure to explain the Gospel to intelligent people who will understand the truth when it is presented to them.

"But what about intelligent people who will not understand?"Will managed to inquire.

"Oh, well, people who cannot comprehend the simple principles of the Gospel, don't possess a great amount of iutelligence.""Are there any such people in Asheville?"The question stopped the swift, and perhaps a little too thoughtless words, until Almina's thoughts could catch up with her tongue.

"Of course there are honest people that do not believe as we do, but there are not many in Asheville."Almina's bold and sweeping declaration will appear absurd, no doubt, unless some explanation is given.

Almina was not joking.

She thought she was right, and that opinion had been formed on the following basis:

Asheville was not a large place;

neither a prominent one.

It was a thorough "Mormon"town, and had very few "outsiders"as residents;

but from these few representatives of "the world"Almina had reasoned.

Now, this part of Asheville's population did not possess an overabundance of Christian virtues.

Most of them had become notorious for swearing and drinking; they were at that time a reckless crowd.

Almina could see no good in them.

She could not call them honest nor intelligent.

They jeered at the principles of the Gospel, so plain and precious.

Now, she thought the world at large could not possibly be like these.

It was only those who had had the privilege of hearing the truth in its plainness and then rejected it, that could be

n6 THE AUTHOR OF "FAIRY TALES."classified with the objects of her dislike.

All others—the great majority—were honest;

and, therefore, would embrace the truth when they had an opportunity.

Thus she reasoned, simple minded girl It was all plain and simple to her.

Why should'nt it be to others.

She did not have a very large range of thought you will say.

True, she did not.

She would, like the rest of mankind, have to gather her store from the broad fields of observation and experience.

So far, that had been limited to the rough, plain lives of miners and farmers.

Then, Almina was young; and she had more than ordinary, a simple, trusting nature.

So what can you say about her and her ways?

(To be continued.) THE AUTHOR OF "FAIRY TALES."Hans Christian Andersen is probably the best known among the few Danes whose names have swung themselves out into the big world beyond the narrow borders of their fatherland.

The children are familiar with it from the icy shores of Greenland to the sunny coasts! of Africa, from America to India.

There is a good reason for this. As the language of music is understood in all tongues, so also is the language that must be spoken to children to interest them, comprehended alike by the little ones of every zone.

The mystery of this ability to speak understandingly to children, so that one can be loved by them, was possessed by

Andersen as it has been by only a few before him.

He had a hard struggle before he came to know his ability in this line, and before he took his place in that kingdom of fairy tale writing over which he still remains the sole ruler.

The island of Fyen is the garden of Denmark.

It is as pretty a spot of earth as one could wish to see.

It abounds in meadows, woods, rolling hills, pleasant farm houses.

It is true the dwellings are low, built in the form of squares, having white walls the roofs being thatched with straw, but there are fine orchards, and rich fields with waters all around furnishing refreshing gales from

Cattegat and the Baltic.

Its capital city, Odense, with a population now of thirty thousand people, is said to have been founded by Odin, the God of the North, shortly before the birth of Christ.

It is the seat of a bishop, is well built, and has a fine old Gothic Cathedral founded in 1080, and restored in 1300.

It is among the oldest cities, if not the oldest city, in the kingdom, and many important events have taken place within it, among which may be mentioned the meeting under Frederick the First in establishing the doctrines of the the Reformation.

The modern Odensian is an aristrocratic person, and considers himself just a little above the generality of his countrymen.

Well, it was in this city that Andersen was born, as far back only as 1805.

His parents were poor, but their social standing was above that of the average.

His mother had a loving heart which found joy in the tender and poetic nature of his father.

In the family there were traditions of former vanished rank and prosperity.

His early education was very limited, and the history of his struggles until he gained a reputation, reads like a fairy tale itself.

He went to Copenhagen shortly after his confirmation; and here, among many other things, unsuccessfully tried the theatres, for from childhood the stage had been a great attraction to him, and already while in Odense, he wrote comedies, and we are told he cried bitter tears when the street arabs of his native city mide sport of him and bellowed out "Here comes the comedy writer!"It was not until 1845, after considerable foreign travel, that the talent he had for telling or writing fairy tales, was fully acknowledged.

Many of his articles had then been published.

The Danes as a rule are slow to recognize talent in any one, and especially if that one is a son of their own soil without title or rank.

Even to this day there is not the enthusiasm over him and his writings in Denmark that

THE AUTHOR OF "FAIRY TALES.

can be found in England and even in America.

He had every criticism to meet which the ironic Danish Critic is capable of handling.

He was not hand some, but somewhat awkward, and this naturally,also,added to his disadvantages.

But his genuis, industry and persistence enabled him to overcome all these difficulties.

He succeeded;

and his works are lasting monuments to his memory.

They are read by the little ones in all the European languages.

But what is there in Copenhagen now to show that this great author once lived here? A bronze statue and a simple grave And that is enough;

for if the remembrance of a person's deeds and noble character does not live with posterity, of what use are polished marble and costly monuments?

The Danish government has spent many millions on castles in times past, and there seems to be a charm about these old mementoes which still induces the ruling power to add yearly to these millions in properly keeping in repair, furnishing and protecting these ancient piles.

Who has been in Denmark and not seen

Rosenborg, Fredericksborg and Kronborg, not to say Fredensborg, the king's summer residence and the Czar of Russia's castle for rustication, has missed the most interesting historical panorama that could be placed before him.

Rosenborg, interesting in this connection because of Andersen's statue in its spacious garden, was built by Christian IV., in 1604, in^the

Netherland Renaissance style so characteristic of the many buildings of the popular monarch.

Although it was originally outside of the city walls, it is now almost in the center of the city.

Built of red brick richly ornamented with sandstone, it is among the prettiest buildings in the land.

It has only one wing, differing in this respect from nearly all the other castles which have three, with a protected entrance on the fourth leading to the inner court or square thus formed.

The building is about one hundred and fifty feet long with a width of thirty six, and a height of seventy feet, having three stories and four towers, the west being one hundred and sixty feet high, the two eastern one hundred and sixteen, and the central octagon tower sixty-five feet high.

Originally the castle was surrounded by walls, and water trenches, the ruins or remains of which are yet to be seen on the edge of the adjoining castle garden. Standing on one of the high towers in the city, this garden—

the King's Garden, or"Kongen's Have,"as it is called—appears like an oasis in the city's desert of tile-covered houses that surround it.

The garden is enclosed, having on one side a high iron fence fastened between large red sand-stone pillows, which tower upward a distance of twelve or thirteen feet from the solid foundation of similar material.

Age has left its destroying imprint upon the per pendicular iron bars until many of them have rusted into decay, and appear like dirty icicles thawing in the sun.

On two sides are low buildings, and on the fourth side, a fruit garden, with hot houses for the propagation of tropical fruits and flowers.

It is safe to say that there are many children in the dingy rows of back-yard garrets, in this crowded city, who have never set feet on mother earth, or, if they have.it has been in "Kongen's Have, "the summer paradise for children and their nurses.and a resting place for the poor of the city who cannot afford the expense of visiting the famous beech groves that lie in the more distant neighborhood.

The garden was originally laid out in the French style, with hedges and great avenues, but in late years this has been altered to the more modern English system of winding promenades, lawns and shrubbery.

There remain, however, two of the old avenues, that run directly across the garden.

These are lined with stately linden trees whose branches.meeting like the arches in a huge cathedral, form a magnificient arcade.

The beautiful statuary that graced it in the days of Christian IV. is now nearly all taken away, but there remains the bronze group, "The Horse Torn by the Lion,"cast in Germany in 1.618 and originally gilded, also two copper lions that guarded the draw-bridge at the entrance to the castle.

There are also statues of "Her-

I [I THE AUTHOR OF "FAIRY.TALI'S cules and the Lion,"and "Orpheus and Eurydice."As an ornament to the only fountain in the center of the garden is Freund's "Child upon the Swan;"hut in a separate department, or upon the inland proper, where the castle is situated, there is Thorvaldsen's bronze statue of

Christian IV., and near the west front there are the bronze busts of the builder and a line of bronze busts which Frederick

IV. purchased in Italy in 1708 and 1709.

The castle itself is full of old curiosities and trinkets of kings, princes and aristocrats.

It is at the end of the above named beautiful linden avenues that the bronze statue of Hans Christian Andersen has been erected by the public.

The statue is mounted on a polished brown marble pedestal, in turn resting on a foundation of gray granite.

On the marble js engraved this inscription in gilt characters:

"In memory of the author of Fairy Tales> H.

C. Andersen, erected by the Danish people, 1880."The language is Danish, of course.

Inserted in one side of the marble pedestal is a bass relief in bronze, representing an infant riding on the back of a flying stork; and on the opposite side is a bass relief of three swans, while in front, directly under the author's name, is a garland enclosing in its circle the dates of his birth and death.

In old times, here in Denmark, the stork was the winged messenger that brought the little ones to the family circle.

I am not certain that this is the case now, however, but the bird is very much venerated by the people, and in certain parts of the land one may yet see the wagon wheel placed over the chimney of the old farm house, where the stork is invited to build his nest.

It is deemed a streak of good luck to have a stork build upon ones house, and his young are protected with quite as much care as is bestowed upon some of the children that wander over the play-ground in "Kongen's Have"around the statue of Hans Christian Andersen.

The statue represents the author as sitting upon an old-fashioned chair, his face is wreathed in smiles, in his left hand he holds a book pardy closed, while his right hand is raised as if in the act ot emphasizing the words of the story he seems to be telling to the crowds ot children whose play-ground is round about him.

The avenue stretches out in front, on the sides of which there are seats at convenient distances over which the tall old trees, with mossy trunks, majestically bend their stately crowns.

Here the children of all ages, with their guardians or nurses, rest and play during the long summer days; here they eat their pieces of rye-bread and butter, and drink from their bottles of milk or ale. A queer study, these children and their attendants!

The pale, the rosy, the curious, the listless and the bright, the child with clogs, and the nursling in the baby carriage, all seemingly accustomed to strict obedience from servants or guardians.

They are all neat, tidy and orderly.

No running on the grass, no bending boughs or breaking them off the trees.

Exact, quiet, orderly.

The children of the Wasatch Mountains would think that they were subject to the rules of the parlor if they were taken from their wild meadows, rippling brooks and rugged hills, and placed in "Kongen's Have."They grow up wild, too, when compared with the mild and gentle children of Denmark, but how thankful they should be for their glorious freedom!

People in Denmark seem to know the author better as H.

C. than as Hans Christian.

Going to the Assistens Cemetery one day,

I enquired for the burial place of Hans Christian Andersen.

The keeper in charge was astounded that a person should ask for such a name, and not even know the division where the grave could be found.

I had forgotten the Danish word for author and was unable for a moment to make myself understood, but what was wanted finally dawned upon the man, and he exclaimed:

"Oh, you mean the grave of the author, H.

C. Andersen."This brings to mind the.

question of a well-known Utah man and the answer he received from his friend.

They were in Stockholm one day, sitting in front of the magnificent monument of the botanist Linne":

"Why is it that all Swedes who amount to anything have

HARVEST HOME.

foreign names?

Here are for examples, Linne Tegne"r, Polhem, Horn, Tessin, and a scores of others.""It is because they change their names.

What is the use of amounting to anything with such a name as Anderson?

There are upwards of five thousand Andersons in GOteborg alone, and the Hans Christians in Denmark have never been counted."

The Assistens Cemetery, situated in the

Norrebro division of Copenhagen, was dedicated on November 6th, 1760.

Since then it has been greatly enlarged, and now covers an area of about sixty acres.

The place is interesting to the. Latter-day Saints because in one of its additions lies buried one of the faithful servants of the Lord, Elder Niels Wilhelmsen who died

August 1st, 1881, while presiding over the Scandinavian mission.

The custom in early times, in these countries was to bury people in and around the churches.

Many of the old churches, even to this day, have floors of large stone slabs upon which are cut the names, dates of birth and death of those who slumber under them, while in some old corner of the basement are piled away boxes containing mortal remains of less prominent former citizens.

The custom of burying in the churches was discontinued in the beginning of the present century, and burial around the churches was forbidden in Copenhagen in 1853.

In the. cemeteries lots are leased for a certain number of years, with a privilege of renewing the lease.

If this is not attended to by the interested relatives, the lot is leveled and re-leased at the end of a certain period, and traces of the former buried are swept away.

In a simple grave in one of the new divisions of this cemetery lie the remains of the noted author of children's stories.

There is a plain iron fence around the little enclosure.

On one end is a large, flat, pyramid-shaped, red stone, about nine feet high, erected on a foundation of sandstone of the same color.

On each side of the enclosure an evergreen taxus spreads its well-trimmed branches.

Green moss already covers one side of the stone, and the melancholy plant is slowly creeping over it little by little, as time passes with silent strides, unobserved, into the eternities.

The inscription in the Danish language is simple:

"The author, Hans Christian Anderson, b. April 2nd, 1805, d. August 4th, Underneath this appears the following verse written by* himself which is here given in the original orthography "Den Sjsel Gud i sit Billede har skabt Er uforkrasndelig kan ej gaa tabt Vort Jord-liv her er Evighedens Froe

Vort Legem dor, men Sjselen Kan ej dor.'Here is an original translation "The body dies, not so the living soul;

Of earth-life here Eternity's the goal.

The soul which God in His own image made,

Unconquered lives, unlost can never fade."

Let us turn away from this lonely, silent spot, to laugh and weep with the children over the author's stories.

Edward H. Anderson.

HARVEST HOME "Pray ye, therefore, the Lord of the harvest, that He send forth more laborers into the field!"Music steals across my senses on the quiet evening air, 'Tis the shout of triumph swelling from the distant far away;

Nearer comes the peal of gladness, till 'tis round me everywhere, 'Tis the last sheaf of the teeming field, comes with departing day.

"Harvest Home!"For tired labor hath its full reward for toil,

From the spring, and summer, autumn, spent on earth's responsive soil!

When the early snowflakes falling, nature robed in purest white,

When the showers of springtime mellowed, as they fell by day or night,

When the plow turned up the furrow, when the harrow scratched its face,

When the seeders threw the precious grain to find a lodging place.

"Harvest Home"—though distant seeming, in each effort prophesied,

As the husbandman in patient faith for blessing willing tried

HARVEST HOME.

When the emerald robe of beauty came to greet the daily sun,

Came to hide the brown earth pulsing, hide in robes in silence spun;

How quickened thought and throbbing heart to God would quiet turn,

As gratitude perchance in prayer, or song, would often flash and burn.

"Harvest Home!"Thou God of promise, who hast said and not in vain,

That "seedtime, harvest, shall not fail,"or "first or latter rain!"

When the golden heads are bending, ripening in the noonday heat,

When clouds flit o'er, and shadows chase, as if with flying feet;

When the dewy diamonds glisten 'mid the wealth of coming bread,

When the zephyrs, perfume laden, cool the worker's fevered head "Harvest Home"—in genial whisper falls upon the eager ears, 'Tis the recompense of labor, 'tis the crown upon the years!

What a wondrous allegory, 'tis the pictured life of man One "lower than the angels made,"in the cradle just began

Springtime opes in laughing childhood 'mid life's crowded fertile field,

Where from sun and cultivation comes the after crop and yield.

"Harvest Home!

Momentous future, who can tell what it shall be?

Whether veiled in clouds and shadows, or beneath the sunshine free

Oh, when true affection softens, mellows, lessons as they flow,

When the love of God and goodness, bids the hearthstone fervent glow;

There drought and frost and blight may sweep for e'er without avail, The love of home, the power of truth, will weather every gale "Harvest Home"—it cometh ever, fruits and grains of precious store;

Or if Godless, weeds and cockle, piled upon life's threshing floor!

Youth and manhood consecrated, doing good each flitting day,

Deeds of kindness, words of counsel, are they showers or sunshine, say?

Move they not to greening verdure, silent forces of the field,

Stirring, hoeing, watering, weeding, workmen hid, but crop revealed.

"Harvest Home 'twill tell the worker, when the sheaves are gathered in,

How he oft in silence struggled, oft disheartened, worked to win!

God-ordained, He called to labor, the obscure of many lands,

He in Zion them established; were they clay in potters ha*ids?

Did He move to form and finish, honor, in His Kingdom here?

Teachers, leaders, rulers, were they? We their memories thus revere "Harvest Home! "Come list the music as it from the distance swells, See the sheaves are gathering homeward!—solemn 'tis as evening bells Toilers, neath the cloud and raindrops, toilers, neath the sun oft seen,

Sowing seed, or mid the furrows, gazing on the crop when green

Mid the ripening corn of summer, singing, mid the bending ears,

Whitehaired, stooping, with the weight and work of many weary years.

"Harvest Home That music lingers, thrills, as comes the twilight fall,

God hath been mid the harvest field, was sun, and showers, and all

So we lay to rest and silence,

Fathers loved, who labored well,

Weilded power for man's redemption; we our tribute willing tell.

Israel's patriarchs are passing, soaring back to Heaven and God,

We the clay oft garner sadly, neath the earth's refining sod "Harvest Home! "The resurrection cometh, mark, 'tis at the door, When all God's workers will be crowned for ever, evermore,

Henry W. Naisbitt.

GOD'S VENGEANCE.

A Reminiscence of Greystone Gulch.

BY ENOD DRALLIW.

CHAPTER II.

HOPE.

Gainesford was carried tenderly home.

The bridal couch became a bed of sickness; the bride a patient hospital attendant.

For days Edward lingered between time and eternity, but strength and youth won the battle, and in six months he and Alice were married.

But one child came from this union, a girl in feature and disposition the image of her mother.

The torch which illuminated this frail taper was extinguished in the effort, and Gainesford was left a widower.

The daughter was christened by her sorrowing father, "Hope Gainesford."The father went into business in his town and amassed a fortune; but remaining true to the memory of his departed wife, he never married again.

Nineteen years had passed since the light and the blight came to his home, and his daughter had grown to be not only the "Hope"but the solace of his life.

She was beautiful and accomplished, and her father lived but for her.

All his fortune was at her disposal, and yet she was not "spoiled."She was possessed of rare sense, being free from the frivolities so common to the daughters of the wealthy.

The poor people of the village knew her.

In fact, she was found oftener in their company than among the rich; and her visits were harbingers not only of sympathy to the destitute, but of something fully as welcome and even more substantial.

She had gained an enviable reputation for her assiduity in attending to the wants of the poor and infirm, and her services in that line were most eagerly sought for by all.

Upon one occasion she was called to a family newly arrived in the village.

The family consisted of a widow, Mrs.

Daly, and her son Laurence, the latter being ill with a virulent but non contagious disease.

She found them in a pitiable plight.

Living in the most secluded part of the village, and in one of the poorest dwellings of that part, they were surrounded by evidences of the greatest poverty and helplessness.

The hut occupied by them comprised only two small rooms and was built of logs.

In many places the chinking between the logs had fallen out, giving free access to the whistling wind.

As Miss Gainesford was ushered into this dwelling, her eyes instinctively sought out every object:—the rough, unplastered walls; the dingy ceiling, blackened by the smoke from the open fireplace;

the cold floor, formed by nature and devoid of human w rorkmanship; and last the shivering, emaciated figure lying upon the only bed this room afforded.

Undismayed by the forbidding aspect of her surroundings, the girl went bravely to work upon her duties.

She touched the fevered face, timed the fiercely beating pulse, bathed the brow, moistened the lips, and whispered words of solace and hope to the sick man; until, as he watched her moving silently around the room, he thought her an angel sent from the courts of glory to minister to him in his affliction.

And angelic she seemed as day after day and night after night she sat at his bedside or walked noiselessly about the room, alleviating his wants.

It was a hard struggle, but she conquered—the fever abated, and the sick man for the first time knew that his attendant was but a mortal.

He extended his hand; she took it and sat upon the chair near his bed, asking in compassionate tones if he felt better.

"Thank God and you,"said the young man fervently, "I am better As I have watched you in my delirium, smoothing my brow, moistening my lips, and holding my hands, I have thought you an angel.

Now that I see you and know you in my consciousness, I know I was not mistaken; you are an angel, but you are yet permitted to remain upon the earth that your beautiful face and gentle ways may cheer and bless your fellow-men

GOD'S VENGEANCE.

This delicate compliment, uttered in a tone of deepest gratitude and sincerity, sank deep into her heart, and a crimson wave stole over her face as she felt his pressure of her hand and knew that he was gazing fondly in her eyes.

"Tell me your name,"the young man continued earnestly, "that I may mention you in my supplications before the Throne of Grace, and thus partly repay you—this is all I can give you now—"he added mournfully, "for the blessings you have given me "I am unworthy this praise,"she replied;

"I have done only what others might have done as well.

God has spared your life; use it in blessing others as he has blessed you.""But your name?"'•Hope Gainesford.""Hope!

Let me call you Hope!

That which I once called hope has never smiled upon my weary life.

Friends have deserted me when most I needed friendship.

Misfortune has been my only companion, and he still clings to my hand.

But let me keep this new Hope that now comes to me.

Oh, may you be more merciful than the phantom whose name you bear In his earnestness the^ young man raised himself upon his arm and gazed into her eyes.

Her glance fell upon the hand which still held hers, and tears dropped from her quivering lids and bedewed it.

Laurence raised her hand to his lips and showered kisses upon it.

"Kisses for tears and love for pity,"he said; "Hope has smiled upon me and wept for me.

But the love she has awakened in my heart, all that will I give her, and content myself with nothing in return but smiles, and tears, and pity The girl was softly weeping when he concluded this mournful sentence, and still his hand held hers, and still her tears bedewed it.

Were they tears of sorrow or of joy?

The question arose to Laurence's lips, but ere he could utter it she arose, warned him against excitement, smoothed his pillow, and bade him rest.

With love-light in his eyes and blessings upon his lips, he slept a peaceful sleep, and when he awoke she was gone.

chapter in.

THE WESTWARD JOURNEY.

The days dragged wearily away, and Laurence Daly was well again.

His first walk was to the home of his "Hope,"but he learned that she was absent.

Had she fled from him?

With a heavy heart he retraced his footsteps, and when the morning came he went to his toil.

Months passed away, and summer was merging into autumn, when one day a graceful figure came to the door of the cottage.

Mrs. Daly recognized the slender form and lovely face of Hope Gainesford.

A light of welcome lit up the worthy woman's countenance as her visitor entered.

"I have something to say to you,"said

Mrs. Daly, as her friend seated herself.

Hope knew the subject on which her companion would speak, but she looked fearlessly and unblushingly into her interlocutor's eyes.

"My son,"began Mrs.

Daly, slowly and respectfully, "has confessed to me that he loves you.

Immediately on recovering from his illness he went to your home and found that you had gone.

He has been almost disconsolate since, for he feels that you do not return his affection and are afraid to meet him and tell him the truth.

My dear girl, do not trifle with him He is my only comfort, and to see him drooping like a withered leaf Let him know his fate, that he may face the world and outlive his disappointment, or you who saved his life will bring Lim to his grave.""You misjudge me,"said the trembling girl; "his declaration was made tome when he began his recovery, but I checked him, lest the excitement should prove too great for his power of endurance.

I went to my home, and was confronted by my father, who demanded that I tell him of my visits to your house.

I told him, thinking that he who suffered so much in his love would have sympathy for your son.

All that had passed between us was related to him, when to my astonishment and grief, he angrily commanded me never to enter your home again.

Protestations were unavailing, and he at once announced his intention

COD'S VENGEANCE.

12of removing me for a time to other scenes, with the hope that I would forget your son."At this moment, unobserved by either,

Laurence came to the door and listened intently.

"Forget him! "she went on:

"Forget the only one whose words have stirred my heart to love!

Banish from memory the dear name thathas been upon my lips in my secret supplications to my Father;

Forget him without whom life would be a blank and existence but a mockery Never, though the fates decree that we may never meet again!

Though father, friends, and fortune fail me, yet will

I remain true to the memory of those blissful words that fell upon my heart, those kisses that rained upon my hand, when

Laurence asked if he might call me his Hope!

"I returned to Mayland with my father, only to be informed that he had arranged to make a home in California, and that to-day we should start on our weary iourney.

I came here, thinking, at least, to see you and tell you of my suffering, that you might explain to Laurence my feelings and regrets.

But mother, if I may call you by this hallowed name, while life remains within this form, while this heart beats, its every pulsation will be a confession of my love for Laurence As she spoke thus, with tears streaming down her cheeks, Laurence sprang forward with a cry of joy, "Hope, my darling!"and clasped her in his arms, his tears mingling with hers, as she sobbed her grief away upon his shoulder.

When they became more calm, they sat down upon the humble couch, his arm around her, her hand in his.

The old story, usually so replete with happiness, but now clouded with gloom, was told;

and both had sworn that until life's end their truth would never fail.

"But this change of home,"said Laurence; "will you accompany your father?""Laurence, though unreasonable and mistaken he is still my father.

I know he could not live without me.

There is my duty, though my heart is here.

Yes, I shall accompany him;

I will solace his declining years, and when my duty there is ended I shall return to receive my reward.""I know not why I feel so,"he mused, "but I have an apprehension that unless

I am near you in this journey some grievous thing will befall you.

Let me follow you—be within one day's travel of you.

Then I may write to you and you to me; we shall know each other's feelings and desires and I shall be there to protect you from what seems to me to be a terrible fate.

This is no fancy.

Something whispers me that I am needed.

Do not refuse this request or you may reject your only means of safety."The earnestness of this appeal impressed his listener strongly.

"I consent, she said, "but your mother—""She will remain here.

My savings during the past few months will keep her in comfort, and I shall be left free to assist you.

I will follow you in your journey, you keeping me posted as to the route taken.

And I am sure that if you are in trouble, I shall hear of it in time to render you assistance."Miss Gainesford arose.

"I must go home,"she said hurriedly, "or my father will suspect my whereabouts."

She turned toward him. He drew her to his heart, and showered kisses upon her lips.

So oblivious were they of all else but the bliss of the moment, that they did not see a carriage stop before the door.

Mr. Gainesford sprang out and rushed into the house.

Filled with anger and chagrin at what he saw, he dashed a blow in Laurence's face which blinded him for a moment; and in his rage forgetting his own good nature, he pronounced curses upon the young man's head.

"You beggar, you have deceived my daughter into love for you, when she would disgrace herself by forming such an alliance You want my money, but not a cent of it will you get My daughter you will never see again

May God blight and wither your hopes, even as you would wither hers, and may He wreck your life, as you have embittered mine

Laurence stood before his accuser, his eyes flashing, his teeth almost driven through his lip, his hands clenched as in a fierce endeavor to control himself.

GOD'S VENGEANCE.

The fainting form of his Hope drooped from his arms, unnoticed, to his feet.

He seemed not to realize his surrounding, so intent was he upon his selfrestraint.

Mr.

Gainesford raised his daughter in his arms, made his way to the carriage, deposited her in it, and directed the coachman to drive on.

Then for the first time Laurence seemed fully conscious of what had occurred.

He rushed to the door, only to see the carriage disappear over the brow of the hill.

With a moan he fell to the floor, and all was blank All that night his sleep was disturbed by fitful dreams, by frantic calls for his Hope, so ruthlessly torn from him, mingled with prayers for her safety; and his mother, who watched by his bedside, feared a return of his malady.

But when the morning broke brightly and gloriously upon the village, he roused himself and hastily inquired for Hope, as though the events of the day before were but a dream to him.

His mother reminded him of the fact that she had been carried away by her father, and informed him that without delay their westward journey had been commenced.

"Then I must follow! "he said hastily.

His mother tried to soothe him, thinking his delirium had returned, but he explained to her fully his object in this determination, and she acquiesced in his desire.

The few preparations were soon made:

the necessary supplies for his journey were placed in a carriage, and his own team, a pair of magnificent bays, attached thereto.

When all was in readiness, "God bless you, my son,"said his mother tenderly;

"the curses of yesterday shall be rendered void by my blessings, for you are engaged in a worthy cause, and the work you have undertaken I feel will be accomplished.""Heaven bless me, mother,"'said Laurence, "that my labors may not be in vain.

And even yet a brighter day may come, when my true worth will not be concealed by blinding poverty.""God grant it may be so,"she answered fervently, and with his mother's good bye kiss and her blessing, Laurence departed on his journey toward the gold-tipped mountains of the west.

CHAPTER IV.

THE MANIAC OF GREVSTONE GULCH.

A few houses, clustered together in the lowest depths of a narrow mountain pass, formed the village of Greystone Gulch.

Huge granite cliffs towered above the village on either hand, and between them was a narrow gorge down which a foaming torrent rushed.

Hovering over the cliff, and at times resting upon its summit, were fleecy clouds, rendered superbly beautiful by the reflected rays of the setting sun.

Tall pines grew upon the face of these cliffs, from crevices so small as to be invisible from below, giving the effect of trees clinging to the surface of an unbroken rock.

To the unaccustomed observer they seemed about to precipitate themselves into the rushing torrent, and be felt an awe creep over him as he looked.

Miniature cascades appeared at intervals, resembling filmy silver sheets, and losing themselves in mist before the foot of the cliffs was reached.

And over all, the golden rays of the autumn sun, just disappearing behind the western hills, shed an indescribable glory, bathing those lofty peaks in an effulgent light, which seemed, like the touch of Midas, to turn the towering summits into gold.

But to the beauties and the grandeur around him the one solitary wanderer along the dusty road seemed entirely oblivious.

His head was bowed upon his bosom, and his dark eyes were fixed upon the ground.

Occasional mutterings fell from his lips, mingled with curses upon some hated object.

His very looks betokened a species of insanity.

In fact, he was regarded by the inhabitants of the village as a maniac, though his madness had never assumed a serious phase, and he was allowed to wander at will among the hills, working occasionally for the miners, and living during his periods of idleness on the pittance thus earned.

As he walked, unconscious of his surroundings, his mind seemed to advert to other times, for he stopped in his hurried

GOD'S VENGEANCE.

I2 5 walk, clenched his hands, and uttered a moan of deepest despair:

"Fate has ever opposed me,"he said hastily, evidently addressing his 6wn thoughts; "even as a child, when seeking flowers with my playmates to twine into garlands for my girlish companions, the sober and the withered ones lay in my path, while the bright and the beautiful were gathered by my rivals."He broke off suddenly from his musings, and his eyes were riveted upon the cliff.

"Do you see that rock?"he wildly cried;

"it is covered with blood!

The blood I shall shed to feed my great revenge, is typified!"His arms were lifted for a moment, as if in supplication to the mute but glorious cliff.

Again he broke forth:

"Edward Gainesford, you have been my bane, my curse, my bitter rival Your name is foremost on my lips in bitter imprecations!

And they shall reach you yet;

I know you will come within my power, and woe be unto you then!

You stole from me my love, even when she was almost yielding to my pleadings.

This beauteous prize you took from me, as you had all others, and my curse has followed you since in vain.

But it will yet overtake you, increased by the delay, intensified by my growing hate!"

Again he looked upon the cliff.

"Ah!

that vulture!

See how he hovers over this accursed spot, as though famishing for the blood so soon to be provided Come, my companion!

All others have deserted me, but you shall receive the reward of your faithfulness, for you shall fatten on the blood I furnish! "He raised his eyes toward heaven.

"O God,"he cried, and his voice seemed almost smothered by his passion; "throw him but now in my path Let me but see him, and if he then escape,O vulture, come, pluck from my bones this useless flesh and banquet on my blood!"As he spoke, the vulture, which had hovered far above the topmost cliff, came swooping down, thrice encircled Dalton Morely's head, and again was lost to view.

The rumbling of approaching carriage wheels recalled Morely's mind to the things around him.

As he looked down the road he saw a pair of grey horses attached to an open carriage in which were seated a man and a woman.

As this carriage approached, Morely drew his hat farther down over his face and shot an upward glance at the occupants of the vehicle; he reeled to the foot of the cliff, and was barely saved from falling, for he recognized the object of his hatred and his curses!

But who is the woman?

Can time turn backward in its course, or stay its flight for twenty years?

Is this the Alice of his blighted hopes?

No, it cannot be.

A second Alice is here, so like the first in her wonderful beauty!

As these thoughts flashed through his mind, the carriage passed him, and he was enshrouded in a cloud of dust.

One glance had been cast upon him by his former rival, but in it there was no recognition.

Slowly following the carriage, he saw it stop before the one hostelry the place afforded, the Greystone Hotel, so called partly because of its location in the village of Greystone Gulch, and partly from the fact that its walls were built of granite.

The passengers had already gone to their rooms to dress for dinner, and their names had been entered on the register in the office.

Morely asked the clerk to show him this register, and the request, a common one for him to make, was complied with.

One glance was sufficient, and Morely went out into the gathering dusk.

(To be continued.) "Thou must be true thyself, If thou the truth would teach."

A man has made a tremendous stride when he has learned to have the courage of his own convictions.

A man will always undergo great toil and hardship for ends that must be many years distant, as wealth and tame; but none for an end that may be close at hand, as the joys of heaven.

Hawthorne.

LAKE

MARY.

Fairest of all the bright-hued lakes that gem

The splendid setting of that diadem

Of silvern peaks that crown our queenly vale,

Her blue tide sways amid those vapors pale,

Whose constant halo marks the topmost height

Of mountain crests that bar the East's slow flight.

Close in the shelter of strong sinewed hills,

Her pure tide chastened by snow-passioned rills

That drip from founts whose prophet waters swell

Beyond the limit of their higher dell,

Winding their way down tortuous steeps to make

A pilgrim tribute to the chosen lake

Heedless of toils that wait on her caress,

The worshipped Rachel of the Wilderness.

Ever her waters smile unto the sun,

Even though no ripple on her bosom run

And on their surface glow in pictured hue

The hills'dark emerald, and the skies'pale blue

The cliff's gray outline and the silver leaves

Of the lone pine-tree whose bold footing cleaves

The rock's steep side in effort to behold

That dim shape struggling in the water's hold.

See! where those cold depths thrill with shadows rife,

The pictured loveliness blooms into life;

Like that famed statue thrilled with impulse warm

The crystal images have taken form,

And from the water springs a tiny isle,

A spot where nymphs or fairies might beguile

The summer season, all its narrow space

Crowded with emblems of its native place;

The cliffs, the pines, the spots of verdure laid

Between the stretches of the trees'dim shade

Each feature of the scene whose tint or form

Took the lake's guarded maiden heart by storm,

Lives in the isle, and casts a shade among

The bright resemblances from whence it sprung.

Along the circling shore the picket hills

Crdwd, conscious of the trust their watch fulfils;

Restraining even the impulses that sway

The languid waves to wind into a bay,

Lest some bold opening may the tide decoy

And the sweet mystery of the haunt destroy.

.For no faint glimmer of the lonely scene

Foretells the view, till from the cliffs that lean

Their frowning height above the secret spot,

The blue lake flashes like a sapphire caught

Amongst the ledges, while the stern hills screen

From outer vision still the treasured scene,

Save, where one careless crest in swerving low

Lets the blue glances of far mountains show,

Yielding the distance's softer shades to vie

With jewel-vivid hues that flash anigh.

Soon must thy fame fair Utah only breath

Through the fine eloquence such charms bequeath:

Rare is thy dower, and since Nature's heart

Found in thee favor to be set apart

For such inheritance, thy name at last

Must know the splendor that her gifts forecast.

Josephine Spencer.

MACAULAY.

Ill—CONCLUSION.

There are few of you, perhaps, who can attain distinction; there are none of you who need be satisfied without accomplishing that which is infinitely higher.

The poorest amongst you can afford to be kind; the least gifted can practise that love which knows the straight road to human hearts. You may never thrill senators with eloquence, but you may see eyes sparkle and faces beam with light and happiness when you appear; you may not astonish your listeners by the acquirements of varied scholarship, but you may dwell in some spirits as a presence associated with the holy and the beautiful; you may neither be a president nor a millionaire, but you may have truer honors than these of earth, and riches which never wax old. You may not rise to patrician estate, and come under that mysterious process by which the blood of a churl is transformed into that of a nobleman, but you may exalt yourselves into a higher aristocracy than that of a belted earl.

Use the opportunities you have, make the best of your circumstances, however poor or unpromising.

Give your hearts to God, and your lives to earnest work and loving purpose, then you can never live in vain.

Living not for yourselves alone, men will feel your influence like the fragrance of flowers, and men will miss you when you cease from their communions, as if a calm, familiar star shot suddenly from their vision;

and if there wave not at your funeral the trappings of the world's gaudy woe, and the pageantry of the world's honor, "eyes full of heart-break"will gaze wistfully down the path where you have vanished, and in after-time, hearts which you have helped to make happy will recall your memory with "tears of gratitude."The union of great acquirements and rhetorical power, could not fail to render

Macaulay a desirable acquisition to any political party; and, as he had imbibed Whig principles, an opportunity was soon found for his admission into

Parliament, where he appeared in time to join in the discussion on the Reform Bill.

He sat as member for Calne, from February 7th, 1830, until the passing of the bill, when he was elected one of the first representatives for the newly created constitutency of Leeds.

In 1834 he was appointed a Member of Council in India, and during his residence in India he continued on the staff of the Edinburgh Review, and contributed some of his superb criticisms from beneath an eastern sky.

Here, also, it is probable that he gathered the material and sketched the plan of those articles which, perhaps, more than most others, aroused English sympathies for India—the articles on Warren Hastings and Lord Clive.

At the general election, in 1847, he failed to obtain his seat, partly, as it is said, from the brusque manner in which he treated his constitutents, and partly from his support of the enlarged Maynooth grant, to which many were conscientiously opposed.

The papers were loud in condemnation (. f the Edinburgh electors, who were represented as having disgraced themselves forever by rejecting a man of so much excellent renown.

Little or no dishonor can rest either in his sturdy maintenance of unpopular opinions, or in their rejection of him because his sentiments were opposed to those of his constituency.

There is, perhaps, no part of Macaulay's character in which he shows to more advantage than during his parliamentary career.

His political life was a life of unfaltering consistency, and stainless honor.

In his lofty scorn of duplicity he became sometimes contemptuous, just as in his calm dogmatism he never seemed to imagine that there were plausible arguments might be adduced on both sides of a question, but in his freedom from disguise, and abhorence of corruption, in his refusal to parley, compromise, or to be silent, when silence would have wounded his conscience but saved his seat, in the noble indignation with which he denounced oppression, and in his fearless independence of all influences which were crafty and contemptible, he may fairly be held up, as a model English Statesman, and as a man whose individ-

MA CAULAY.

uality was truly separate from all others, complete in himself.

Before the Reform Bill, the member for the city usually contributed fifty guineas to the Edinburgh races, and shortly after the election of 1841, he was applied to on this behalf.

His reply was a specimen of manly decision.

"In the first place,'* he says, "I am not clear that the object is a good one.

In the next place I am clear that by giving money for such an object in obedience to such a summons, I should completely change the whole character of my connection with Edinburgh.

I return for your generous confidence.

I offer faithful parliamentary service, and nothing else.

The call that is now made is one so objectionable, that I must plainly say I would rather take the Chiltern Hundreds than comply with it."All honor to the moral courage which indited that reply.

Brethren, let the manly example fire you.

Carry such heroism into your realms of morals and of commerce, into all the social actions of your life;

let no possible loss of influence, patronage, or gold tempt you to the doing of that which your consciences and nobler judgments disapprove.

Better a thousand times to be slandered than to sin;

nobler to spend all your days in all the bitterness of unheeded struggle, unnoticed and unknown, than become a hollow parasite to gain a hollow friend.

There are numerous extracts from Macaulay's speeches, published by himself, which it would afford me pleasure to introduce, but as I am an admirer of his poetry, and already has my essay assumed an almost unwarrantable length in my desire to treat it in a measure worthy of its subject, I must hasten, with all deference, to a close.

In the year 1842, Macaulay appeared in his new character, by the publication of the ''Lays of Ancient Rome."This was his first venture of acknowledged authorship.

The public was taken by surprise, but surprise quickly yielded to delight.

It has not been an unfrequent charge against Macaulay that he had no heart, and that he was wanting in that sympathy which is so large an element of strength.

He who has no heart of his own cannot move mine.

There are instincts in the soul of man which unerringly tell him when a brother-soul is speaking.

Let me see a man in earnest, and his earnestness will kindle mine.

Let us apply this test in the case of Macaulay, and his poetry.

It were easy to criticise it, and perhaps to find in it some short-comings in the rules of refined melody, but try it with actual experiment, sound it in the ears of a veteran regiment, rehearse it with passionate earnestness to a company of ardent schoolboys;

and you shall have the bard's best guerdon in their kindling cheeks and gleaming eyes.

"The Prophecy of Capys"is perhaps the most sustained, "Virginia"the most eloquent,and "The Battle of Lake Regillus"the one which contains the finest passages; but I confess to a fondness for "Horatius."It is undoubtedly as the historian that Macaulay will be ever remembered.

His work will survive the adulation of servile flattery and the snarl of cynical criticism, and will be found among the classics of literature in later times than ours.

It is amusing to read the opinions of reviewers, each gloating over some atom of inaccuracy, or some discovery of oriental coloring, as if he had found hidden treasure.

One will assert that it is The History of England, another, an attempt at history, a mistaken notion of history, an historiette, an historical picture gallery, an historical novel.

Some state that it is thorough, impartial;

others, that it is factious; one states that his first object is effect, another, that his first -object is to tell the story truly.

Some have called him Thucydides, and others Scott.

One exalts our confidence by assuring us that "he does not lie, even for Whigs;"and just as we are about trusting him thoroughly, we are again bewildered by another learned Theban, assuring us that "his work is as full of political prejudice as any of his partisan speeches, and is written with bad taste, bad feeling, and bad faith."The impression left upon us by all this conflict of testimony is a profound conviction of his power.

All the faults which these numerous censors charge upon him, reappear in their own writings, as among the sup-

M.\< \\ri..\y.

pie courtiers of Macedon was reproduced the wry neck of Alexander.

They charge him with carelessness, but it is in flippant words.

If he is said to exaggerate, not a few of them out-Herod him; and his general impartiality may be gathered from the fact, that while his critics are indignant at the caricatures which he may have drawn of their own particular idols, they acknowledge the fidelity of his likenesses of all the world beside.

Moreover, for the very methods of their censorship, they are indebted to him.

They J;wield the Douglas brand.

They bend Ulysses'bow.

The critics catch the contagion, which [provokes their surgery.

There can be no greater compliment. The eagle is aimed at by the archers, but "he nursed the pinion which impelled the steel."We rejoice that he has made history readable; that by him it is not the bare recital of facts, names and deeds, listed as in a catalogue, but a glowing canvass of the growth of a great nation, and of men who helped or hindered it.

We thank him that he has disposed forever of that shallow criticism, the superficial, brilliant and unworthy, and that in his work he has confirmed the sonorous periods of John Milton and the resounding eloquence of Jeremy Taylor.

We thank him for the vividness of delineation, ^by which we can see statesmen like

Somers and Nottingham in their cabinets, marshals like Sarfield and Luxemburg in the field, and intriguers like Buckingham and Marlborough, who dallied in the council room and plotted at the revel.

Above all, we thank Macaulay for the

English-heartedness, which beats and throbs transparently through his writings, and which was so marked a characteristic of his life; with him the love of country was a passion, and it has been well said, "he loved his country as a Roman the city of the Seven Hills;

and as Athenian the city of the Violet Crown."He has shown us how, through the slow struggles of years, the component forces of society become equalized in their present adjustment.

He has shown us how in health, in intelligence, in physical comfort, in industrial appliances, in social and moral culture, the tide of progress has rolled on without a backward wave.

What hinders that the growth of England's past should be but the type of the yet rarer splendors of its coming time?

On the "coin of vantage"to which she has been lifted, let her take her stand; let her exhibit to the wondering nations the glad union between liberty and order; let her sons, loyal and manly in their independence, be fired with ambition greater than that of glory, with covetousness nobler than gain; let her exult that her standard is ever the flag of the free;

let her widen with the ages into still increasing reverence for truth, and peace, and God, and "she may stand until the end of the days,"and in the long after-time, when the world shall have grown old, and shall be'preparing by reason of its age for the action of the last fires, she may live and flourish, chartered among the nations as the home of those principles of right and freedom, which shall herald and welcome the coming of the

Son of Man.

It may be fashionable to praise a neutral literature which prides itself upon its freedom from bias, and there are many who call this liberality, but there is an old book, whose authority is not yet deposed from the hearts of men, which would brand it with a very different name.

That book tells us that the fig tree was blasted, not because it was baneful, but because it was barren; and that the bitter curse was denounced against Meroz, not because she rallied with the foe, but because in her indifference she came not up to the help of the Lord.

Into the secret history of the inner man, we may not enter; and we hope, from small but insignificant indicatious which may be found in his writings, as well as from intimations, which were published shortly after his death, that if there had rested any cloud on his experience, the Sun of righteousness dispersed it; but the regret may not be suppressed that his transcendant powers were given to any object lower than the highest.

In he resigned his seat, in consequence 'of failing health;

and in literature was honored with

CHURCH EMIGRATlOh.

a peerage, and the peerage was honored by the accession of Lord Macaulay's illustrious name.

Thence forward at Kensington he devoted himself to his History,—"The business and pleasure of his life."The world rejoiced in the hope that successive volumes would yet stimulate its wonder and delight, and prayed for the great writer a long and a mellow eventide of life.

But with the parting year, suddenly, a mightier summons came, and the majestic brain was tired, the mighty heart grew still.

If Macaulay had an ambition dearer than the rest, it was that he might lie "in that temple of silence and recon« ciliation where the enmities of twenty generations lie buried;"and the walls of that great Abbey do enclose him "in their tender and solemn gloom.""His body is buried in peace, but his name liveth for evermore."There are strange thoughts and lasting lessons to be gathered in the old Abbey, and by the side of this grave.

How solemn the warning "Earth's highest glory ends in—'Here he lies,'

And 'dust to dust'concludes her noblest song."And shall they rise, all these?

Will there be a trumpet blast so loud and shrill, that none of them now slumbering here may not awake, and the soul, re-entering its shrine of eminent or common clay, pass upward to the judgment?

"Many and mighty but all hushed,"shall they submit with us to the arbitrations of the last assize?

And in that world is it true that gold is not the currency, and that rank is not hereditary?

Then, if this be so, if this is the end of all men, let the living lay it to his heart.

Solemn and thoughtlul, let us search for an assured refuge and hope; child-like and earnestly, let us confide in our one faith, one Lord and one master;

let us realize the tender and infinite nearness of God our Father, and our hope of a joyful resurrection for ourselves, and for the marvelous englishman we mourn, let us sing his dirge in the words of the truest poet of our time:

All is over and done;

Render thanks to the Giver England, for thy son, Let the bell be tolled.

Hush! the dead march wails in the people's ears,

The dark crowd moves, and there are sobs and tears;

The black earth yawns—the mortal disappears;

Ashes to ashes—dust to dust;

He is gone who seemed so great,

Gone, but nothing can bereave him

Of the force he made his own Being here, and we believe him

Something far advanced in state,

And that he wears a truer crown

Than any wreath that man can weave him.

But speak no more of his renown,

Lay your earthly fancies down,

And in the solemn temple leave him;

God accept him, Christ receive him."

Respice Finem.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

EMIGRATION FROM 1852 TO 1855.

The Saints who had been expelled from Nauvoo continued to gather to the

Valley in 1849, 1850 and 1851; but a number of them, who had settled temporarily in the Pottawattamie country, principally in and around Kanesville (now Council Bluffs), Iowa, were somewhat slow in coming to the mountains, which displeased President Young and the authorities in the Valley.

Consequently, the First Presidency of the Church, under date of September 21st, 1851, wrote a special epistle, addressed to the Saints in Pottawattamie, of which the following is an extract:

"We send unto you our beloved brethren, Ezra T. Benson and Jedediah M.

Grant, for the special purpose of counseling and assisting you to come to this place, and we desire you to give heed to their counsel in all things, and come to this place with them next season; and fail not.

"Come all ye officers in the Church, and all ye officers in the State or county.

There is no more time for Saints to hesitate what course they will pursue.

We have been calling to the Saints in Pottawattamie ever since we left them to come away; but there has continually been an opposing spirit whispering, as it were:

Stay another year and get a better outfit,

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

until many, who had means to come conveniently, have nothing left to^come with.

"We say again, come home.

And if you can get one good wagon and team to five families, and five teams to one hundred souls, or no teams at all, more than cows and calves to your hand-carts, you can come here with greater comfort and safety than the Pioneers came here who had nothing to come to, \yhile you will have everything; and here is the place for all the Saints to get their outfit for Zion, even from all nations;

therefore, we say again. Arise, aridcome home.

the Church there discontinued, and nearly all the Saints who had lingered there came to the Valley.

The emigration of Saints from other parts of the United States, where they had.been scattered, was also quite large that year, while that from

Europe was small compared with the operations of the preceding and following seasons.

In February, 1851, Apostle Orson Pratt was succeeded by Apostle Franklin D.

Richards, in the emigrational department at Liverpool, England.

The first vessel dispatched under his agency, was the Olympus, already mentioned, which sailed

Salt Lake Valley.

We wish you to evacuate Pottawattamie, and the States, and next fall be with us, all ye Saints of the Most High, and it shall be well with you, if you will keep all the commandments;"{Millennial Star, Vol. XIV, page 29.) This earnest call from the First Presidency of the Church had the desired effect, and the year 1852 witnessed such a stream of "Mormon"emigrants crossing the plains and mountains en route for Great Salt Lake Valley, as had never been seen before.

The Pottawattamie lands were vacated, the organization of March 4th, 1851.

This closed the emigration business until January, 1852.

In the meantime the Fifth General Epistle of the First Presidency of the Church, dated April 7th, 1851, had been issued, (See Millennial Star,Vol. XHI.page 209.) and it was there,n stated that Apostles Amasa M. Lyman and Charles C. Rich, with a company occupying about one hundred and fifty wagons, had been sent to form a settlement in the southern part of California, near the port of San Diego,

William's Ranche and the Cajon Pass, with a view to the forming of a line of

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

1 33 settlements between the Pacific Ocean and Great Salt Lake City.

It was this company that founded the settlement of

San Bernardino, so well known in Church history.

In connection with this project the British Saints were directed to cease emigrating by the usual route up the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, and to remain where they were, until they should hear again from the First Presidency.

It was designed to open up a way via.

Panama, Tehuantepec, or around Cape

Horn, and to land the passengers at San Diego, and thus save three thousand miles of inland travel, mostly through a sickly climate.

The Presidency at Liverpool was directed to make inquiry as to the expense and facilities of the various routes from Liverpool to San Diego, and to report at an early date to the First Presidency, that, if possible, arrangements might be made to send the emigration that way by the next fall.

Inquiry was immediately instituted by Apostle Richards, for vessels that the Saints could be shipped in from England by the above contemplated routes, so as to carry out the instructions of the epistle, but it was found that the expense and the difficulties attending these routes would at that time have precluded emi gration from Europe, and report was made accordingly.

The result was that the emigration was re-opened by the Sixth General Epistle of the Presidency, dated September 22nd, 1851, on the old route, but not upon the old plan.

Formerly all were counseled to emigrate who could reach the Pottawattamie country, but now, in consequence of the contemplated evacuation of Council Bluffs by the Saints, and indeed of the whole Territory of Iowa, none were advised to emigrate who could not accomplish the entire journey to the Valley without detention.

This required about ^"20 per head, and of course the emigration was considerably reduced on this account, only two ships being sent out after the issue of the epistle, namely the Kennebec and Ellen Maria; but at the same time, it is quite probable, that the number of emigrants that reached the Valley that year was larger than it would have been, if unrestricted emigration to Council Bluffs had been ad vised.

The interests of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund were cared for under Apostle Richards'agency, so much so that up to January, 1852, ^"1410 had been donated, and in the two ships {Kennebec and Ellen Maria,) which sailed January 10th, 1852, two hundred and fifty-one persons were sent out, requiring above ^1000 more than had been donated, which extra outlay was supplied in the meantime by Apostle Richards.

This was the first operation with the Perpetual Emigrating Fund, and it required much careful thought and wise deliberation to adopt plans that would carry this branch of the emigration properly through to the Valley, It was also the first time that anangements had been made before leaving Liverpool, for the passage through.

It is presumed that such a journey as this was never before undertaken by so large a number of people, and with such limited resources.

An ocean had to be traversed, rivers ascended, and plains crossed, and the whole must be provided for before embarkation.

The subject, however, was well canvassed, the plans were matured and Elder Abraham O. Smoot, an American

Elder, and a man of much experience, was selected to go forward with means, procure teams, flour, meat, and other necessary articles and have them ready upon the frontiers of the plains by the time the company should arrive from England.

In addition to this charge he was instructed to continue with the company to the end of the journey, to superintend all its interests.

It was also necessary that men of experience should be selected to accompany the emigrants to New

Orleans, to.pay their passage up the rivers and deliver them into Elder Smoot's hands.

This was intrusted to Elder John S.

Higbee, who sailed with the Kennebec, and Elder Isaac C.

Haight, who sailed with the Ellen Maria.

The latter was specially instructed to assist Elder Smoot in fitting up the company for the plains

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

and then return to England, which he did

June 27th, 1852.

In the May following the first departure of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund emigrants, the presidency of Apostle Franklin D. Richards in the British Isles closed, and this gave him an opportunity of arriving in the Valley in time to join the convoy which welcomed the pilgrims into Great Salt Lake City; and also the pleasure of seeing the final success of those plans, which had, a few months previously, cost him so much anxious care.

The Scandinavian mission having been established in 1850, emigrants, as the fruits of preaching the Gospel there, soon began to pass through Liverpool, en route for Great Salt Lake Valley.

The first company, numbering twentyeight souls, from the Scandinavian mission, was reshipped at Liverpool, on board the Italy for New Orleans, March nth, 1852, under the direction of Apostle

Erastus Snow, the founder of the

Scandinavian mission.

This was the first company of Saints emigrating from any country where the English language is not spoken.

Soon afterwards, the missions which had been established in Germany, France, Switzerland and Italy by Apostles John Taylor and Lorenzo Snow and other Elders, began to ship converts to the gathering places of the Saints in America.

Apostle Franklin D.

Richards was succeeded in the Presidency of the British Mission and the emigration affairs by his brother Elder Samuel W. Richards, May 1st, 1855.

Under his agency the emigration attained to greater perfection, and was opened up to larger number of individuals in the same length of time, than at any previous period. The anxiety of thousands of Saints to gather to Utah, had become so intense that Elder

Richards was frequently asked to organize companies who would walk the entire overland journey and assist to haul the provisions and luggage besides.

Much prudence and caution were therefore required to restrain the over-anxiety to emigrate and at the same time to promote the emigration of as large a company as practicable in the approaching season.

In the meantime, the Seventh General Epistle of the First Presidency had been issued, dated April 18th, 1852;

and on the seventeenth of July, 1852, it was published in the British Mission.

In this epistle the Saints were exhorted to gather to Utah speedily by tens of thousands.

The language was:

"Let all who can procure a loaf of bread, and one garment on their back.be assured there is water plenty and pure by the way, and doubt no longer, but come next year to the place of gathering, even in flocks, as doves fly to their windows before a storm."{Millennial Star, VolXIV, page 325.)

This needed no interpretation, but was reiterated by hundreds of Elders throughout the European countries, and gave fresh vigor to the desire already burning in the breasts of thousands to emigrate in the coming season.

After much deliberation this anxious desire was met by arranging to fit out companies of emigrants in 1853, for the entire journey, at £10 for each person over one year old, and ^5 each for those under that age, and it was hoped by sending efficient men in advance to procure the necessary supplies and teams, the emigrants might be got through upon those terms.

As many as nine hundred and fifty-seven persons from Great Britian alone availed themselves of this arrangement, but it was found necessary to procure a loan upon the teams to complete the journey.

Elder Samuel W.

Richards was appointed an agent of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company, September 30th, 1852, and during the year 1853 f°ur hundred persons were assisted out by the Perpetual Emigrating Fund, for whom similar arrangements were made to those for the ^"10 companies.

There were nine hundred and fifty-five British emigrants, who either made their own arrangements for the overland journey, or procured their teams by sending money forward in advance of themselves by the agent charged with the superintendence of the

Perpetual Emigrating Fund and the ^10 emigration.

The price of a team consisting of two pair of oxen, two cows, and one wagon was estimated at £\o, and

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

^2,748 10s were sent forward by this class.

The emigration now consisted of four classes;

first, the Perpetual Emigrating Fund emigrants, ordered from the Valley;

second, the Perpetual Emigrating Fund emigrants selected in the British Isles;

third, the £io emigrants; and fourth, the ordinary emigrants, embracing those who sent "money forward to procure teams, and all the balance.

The entire expense involved in the British emigration of 1853 could not have been less than,£30,000.

The agent intrusted with the overland part of the journey, for both the Perpetual Emigrating Fund and £\o emigration, was Elder Isaac C.

Haight, who the previous year had assisted Elder Smoot.

The president of each ship's company, in which there were emigrants of this description had charge of them until their delivery to Elder Haight.

In 1853 several companies of non-English speaking emigrants passed through

Liverpool;

the first one was from the Scandinavian Mission and numbered two hundred and ninety-seven souls, who were reshipped at Liverpool, on board the

Forest Monarch, January 16th 1853, under the direction of Willard Snow, then the president of the mission named.

Donations to the Perpetual Emigrating

Fund having been commenced in Scandinavia, particularly in Denmark, the sum of ^"136 15s 6d was appropriated during Elder

Willard Snow's presidency to the assistance of a number of those who sailed in the Forest Monarch.

The next company from the continent was seventeen persons from the German

Mission, who sailed from Liverpool in August or September, 1853.

These were the first Latter-day Saints emigrating to Zion from any of those countries now included in the German Empire.

In January, 1854, and under the presidency of Elder John VanCott, Scandinavia sent out two companies, numbering six hundred and seventy-eight persons, two of whom were assisted by the

Perpetual Emigrating Fund.

Elders, who could speak both English and Danish, went in charge of these Saints all the way to the Valley.

To accomplish the overland journey,£3.667 were sent forward to Elder Empey, to procure the teams, provisions, etc.

The point of embarkation from the Scandinavian Mission, was Copenhagen, from whence they crossed the Baltic to Kiel in Holstein, from thence to Gluckstadt by rail, from thence across the German Ocean to Hull, and thence per railway to Liverpool.

In the route was a little different, being from Kiel to Altona, instead of Gluckstadt.

It will readily be conceived that the continental emigration was characterized by more vicissitudes than the British, and required a proportionately greater amount of careful and prudent arrangement to preserve the lives of the people and guard their interests..

It is estimated that under the wisest and most economical guidance, the removal of these six hundred and seventy-eight people from their various homes in Denmark, Sweden and Norway, cost no less than,£"10,000.

In the first vessel occupied by the Scandinavian emigration of 1854, were thirty-three persons from the German Mission, shipped under the direction of Elder Daniel Garn, president of the mission at that time.

The emigration from the French, Swiss and Italian missions, joined the British emigration at Liverpool from the begining, and were re-shipped in the vessels sent out with British emigrants.

Interpreters, speaking the different native languages, generally accompanied them.

From the experience of 1853, aRd the increased prices of cattle, wagons and provisions, occasioned by the great

California and Oregon emigration, it was found necessary in 1854 to charge ^"13 for each adult emigrant instead of £\o> for those who went in companies similar to the;£io companies in 1853.

The growing interest of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund into the minds of the Saints, however, reduced this class to eight-six, by inducing those of the emigrants who were not ordered from the

Valley by the Perpetual Emigrating Fund

Company, nor selected in England by its agent, or who did not provide their own outfit, to come under the auspices or ar-

C HURCH EMIGRA TION.

rangement of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund company, and many of"them donated to the fund all the money they had i and signed the bond to pay the whole cost of their passage money to the

Valley, after their arrival thither.

The amount thus donated in 1854 was ^"1800 8s.

The ordinary emigration in 1S54 was not so large as the previous sesaon, but more money was sent forward for the purchase of teams, the amount being ^"3,575 or more.

The price of a team was estimated at ^45.

The Perpetual Emigrating Fund emigration of 1854 was very large, and the agent charged with the superintendence of the overland journey was Elder

William Empey, a man experienced in the purchase of outfits, etc.

The supervision of the emigrants from

Liverpool until their delivery to Elder Empey was given to the presidents of the respective ships.

The total number of persons shipped under the agency of Samuel W.

Richards in 1853 and 1854, was four thousand three hundred and forty-six, most of whom went direct to the Valley.

The emigration of this number required an outlay of not less than ^"70,000.

With the departure of the Clara Wheeler in April, 1854, shipment ceased for the season, and on the first of July, Elder Samuel W. Richards was succeeded in the presidency of the British Misssion and emigration affairs by his brother, Apostle Franklin D. Richards, who had returned from the Valley.

Prior to the next season several very material changes occurred.

The Eleventh General Epistle of the First Presiency, issued from Great

Salt Lake City, April ioth, 1854, recommended the Saints to emigrate at once to the United States under the instruction and direction of the presidency of the British Isles, where they might tarry untill they could go to Utah, that is, those who could not complete the journey without detention.

In addition to this, President Brigham Young, under date of

April 2nd, 1854, wrote to Franklin D.

Richards with regard to a change in the ports of debarkation in the United States, as follows "You are aware of the sickness liable to assail our unacclimated brethren on the

Mississippi River; hence I wish you to ship no more to New Orleans, but ship to

Philadelphia, Boston and New York, giving preference in the order named.

Whenever you ship a company, whether it be small or large, be careful to forward to

Elder John Taylor, at New York

City, a correct list of the names of the persons in each company, with their occupation, and approximate amount of property or means, and forward it in season for Elder John Taylor to receive it before the company arrives in port, that he may be so advised as to be able to meet them or appoint some proper person to do so, and counsel them immediately on land-. ing as to the best course for each and all in every company to pursue, whether to tarry for a season to work in the place or immediate neighborhood of their landing, or proceed to Cincinnati or its regions, etc.

"In case any should still choose to ship by New Orleans, ship them from England no later than about the first of December, that they may be able to get off the rivers before the sickly season sets in, for many have died off with the cholera and other diseases incident to the sickly season on the rivers, and

I do not wish the brethren to be so exposed as they have been.

And counsel them to hurry up the rivers, and get off from them into Missouri and Iowa to work, or onto the plains as the case may be, before the warm weather sets in."(Millenial Star, Vol. XVI, page 684.)

According to these instructions embarkation from Liverpool continued at intervals after November 27th, 1854, when Apostle Franklin D. Richards reopened his agency by dispatching the Clara Wheeler for New Orleans, with a company of emigrants for the United States.

In January, 1S55, the Rockazuay,

James Nesmith, Neva and Charles Stick, also sailed with Saints, bound for New Orleans, and in February, March and April, four vessels {Isaac Jeans, Siddons,

Juvenla and Chimborazo) were dispatched for, Philadelphia.

On the 22nd of April, 1855, the first vessel (Samuel Curling) was cleared for New York, fol-

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

lowed later in the season by the Wm.

Stetson, Cynosure, Emerald Isle and John J.

Boyd.

Since that time nearly the whole Church emigration from Europe has landed in New York.

The emigration of Saints from Europe in 1855 was larger than that of any preceding year, and it was somewhat difficult, in the early part of the season.to obtain suitable ships, owing to the general derangement which then existed in the mercantile marine.incident upon the war with Russia.

However, the last company of through emigrants for the season was got off without any serious delay.

In 1855, one thousand one hundred and sixty-one persons went out under the arrangement of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company.

Of these, thirtyfour sailed in the John J. Boyd, who did not intend to cross the plains till 1856.

The sum of /15 was paid for each Perpetual Emigrating Fund passenger over a year old, who crossed the plains in 1855, and prepaid their passage; and £9 for all under that age.

The number of emigrants providing their own teams, etc who went through in 1855 was three hundred and seventy three.

The cost of one wagon, four oxen, and one coa- that year was,£55, and the amount of money sent forward by those persons providing their own teams, etc., was,£3,853.

This included the emigration from continental Europe, which, in 1855, and several years after, was altogether reshipped from Liverpool.

The outfitting point in 1855 was Atchison, in Kansas Territory, and the camping ground, Mormon Grove, about five miles west of Atchison. The American part of the journey to Utah, and the purchase of teams and outfits, were, this year, superintended by Apostle Erastus Snow, who acted in concert with Apostle Richards in the season's operations.

As an intermediate assistant John S.

Full mer, then on a mission to England, was appointed managing conductor, whose duty it was to receive the emigrants in the

United States, and forward them across the country to St Louis, subject to Elder

Snow's direction.

The total number of persons who sailed from Liverpool in 1855, intending to go direct through to Utah was about one thousand five hundred, and the total sum of their expenditures footed up to about,£30,000.

From 1848 to the close of 1855, fiftynine vessels sailed from Liverpool, England, with organized companies of Latter day Saints on board.

The number of souls in each of these companies ranged all the way from thirteen to five hundred and seventy-three, making a total of sixteen thousand, five hundred and ninety-two souls, including a few who went out in miscellaneous ships not named.

In order to make my total agree with that given by James Linforth in his Route from Liverpool to Great Salt Lake

City,* I have added three hundred and nineteen souls, who, during the same period of time are supposed to have emigrated to America without reporting themselves, and consequently are not numbered among the regular Church emigrants.

This will swell the number to sixteen thousand, nine hundred and eleven souls who sailed from Liverpool,

England, bound for the gathering place of the Saints, in the Rocky Mountains.

By adding further the five thousand souls, formerly tabulated, who emigrated to Nauvoo, Illinois, we have a grand total of twenty-one thousand nine hundred and eleven souls included in the Church emigration from Europe from 1840 to 1855. Most of these wended their way Zionward in ninety one organized companies or ship-loads.

Grouping these companies by years, the numbers stand as follows:

1840, 3 companies, or souls.

1841, 7 companies, or 1,086 souls.

1842, 8 companies, or 1,614 souls.

1843, 5 companies, or 772 souls.

1844, S companies, or 644 souls.

1845, 3 companies, or souls.

1846, company, souls.

Miscellaneous in 1840-46, 137 souls.

1848, 4 companies, or 754 souls.

1849, 9 companies, or 2.078 souls.

1850, 6 companies, or 1,612 souls;

"*"From this excellent work the writer of these papers has gleaned a great deal of valuable information concerning the emigration from the

British Isles during the years of 1840 to 1855, inclusive.

*3*

»38 TWO GRAVES.

1851, 4 companies, or 1,370 souls.

1852, 4 companies, or 760 souls.

1853, 9 companies, or 2,626 souls.

1854, 10 companies, or 3,167 souls.

1855, 13 companies, or 4,225 souls.

Miscellaneous in 1848-55, 319 souls.

Total, 21,911 souls.

In a following chapter a complete table of the Church emigration from Europe from 1848 to 1855, inclusive, will be given, together with a more detailed history of each company, arranged in chronological order.

Andrew Jenson.

TWO GRAVES.

CHAPTER I.

Two lonely graves side by side upon the mountain slope, attracted my attention during a pleasant drive through one of our picturesque canons.

There was no sign of human habitation in the neighborhood, but Nature had chosen the place as a recipient of her most lavish displays of beauty.

The hills- were in places high and precipitous, covered with beetling crags and frowning projections of seamed and scarred rock.

At other points green, velvety meadows, interspersed with shrubs, stretched up the mountain side, disclosing to the enraptured vision a multitude of tints in the wild flowers and brilliant foliage.

The violet, the honeysuckle, the daisy, the blue-bell, the wild rose, and the lily looked out from their shady coverts, like timid maidens, half conscious of their charms, yet half fearing to display them to the rude and jostling world.

Types of modesty were they—such modesty as

Nature alone is able to show—for modesty, after all, is but the ability to show forth the greatest beauty with the least ostentation.

Nothing in the scene suggested loneliness and gloom, but the graves, their smooth mounds covered with emerald grass and pied with brilliant flowers; but even these partook of the nature of their surroundings so fully as to lead one to the thought that without them the beauty would not be complete.

I was naturally curious to learn how it happened that these graves had been made in this secluded spot, instead of being nearer the haunts of men.

My curiosity prompted me to make inquiry of the man acting; as driver.

His was a striking face, such as once seen is not forgotten.

The nose was prominent, indicating force of character, while the clear, grey eyes betokened the highest honor and integrity.

His hair and beard were iron-grey, and deep furrows traversed his face, showing where the wheels of care had cut their way deep into his soul.

His expression, usually a sad one, was intensified in its gloom as I asked my question. A look of deep pain and bitter reminiscence told me before he uttered a word, that those graves represented a painful scene in the drama of his own life.

Ordinarily an apology would have been offered, that the mournful subject had been touched upon, but I was but a youth, and boy-like, found my curiosity stronger than my breeding.

It was, therefore, with boyish delight that I an.

ticipated the story which I knew was to follow my question, for I thought only of the gratification its recital would cause me, and not of the pain it would occasion its narrator.

My companion sighed heavily, as if endeavoring to blow from his mind the cobwebs of bitter memory and the ashes ot the two hearts lying side by side upon the mountain.

"I am sorry you asked me this question,"he began, talking slowly and deliberately, as if the story had been told time and time again in almost the same words.

"lam sorry you asked me this question,"he repeated, "but as you have done so, I will gratify your curiosity, even though a pang of deepest sorrow be caused me by the narration of the events which culminated in the formation of those two graves."

I would have stopped him then, but I saw that his chief pain was over, now that

TWO

GRAVES.

pression of proud dependence so becoming to a noble woman, she thus addressed me:

"Papa, I have always desired an opportunity of doing something worthy the name of a daughter of this people, but you have been so kind to me and have stood so nobly between the world and your poor, worthless daughter, that I fear my capacity for usefulness is almost an unknown quantity.

You have educated me in all branches attainable by a girl of my social standing, and my chances of advancement have in many cases been brought by severe sacrifice on your part; but with the selfishness of my age, I have failed to see this until now, on my twentieth birthday, I know that the time is fast approaching when, if I do my duty, I shall have similar cares to yours, and as important responsibilities to carry.

The thought has come to me that I shall not be able to perform this work without previous preparation.

You, my dear father, have given me every chance of preparation within your power to bestow, but there remains something else for me to obtain, and that

I wish to acquire now."I knew not what she intended doing, and therefore could but nod my head in token of blind acquiescence in what she said.

After a pause she continued:

"Sister Smith died today.

She leaves four small children, and her husband died some six months ago.

I understand her sister is expected from Europe in about five months, and with her and her husband the children will find a home.

But that period is to be bridged over.

I know what you would say,"she added hastily as I attempted to speak. "You would say that they can find a home with you, and that you will do your duty by them; but this additional care must not be placed on you and mamma. You have one white elephant on your hands now,"she said, smiling at the double meaning of her words, "and by the plan I propose you will not have four others thrustupon you, but will be rid for the time being of the one you have."I was again about to protest, but she seemed determined to finish detailing her plan, and I allowed her to continue.

"I understand Brother Prescott is in need of assistance in his home, and his wife has offered to take care of the orphans; thus

I would be able to do a double good; to earn some money by my labors there, and thus partly repay you for the many kindnesses you have extended to me, and also to make myself more familiar with household duties.""And may I not think also that another object will be accomplished?"I inquired in a bantering tone, at which question she flushed scarlet, and seemed intently occupied in examining the pattern of the wall paper on the other side of the room.

"Well, well,"I remarked with a sigh, "old homes are to be broken up and new ones formed; and they who have spent their whole lives in bringing up the little ones entrusted to their care, to that point where a new alliance will be pleasing and happy to them, should not allow their selfish feelings to stand in the way of that eternal progress so necessary for the welfare of

God's children."I raised her head and kissed her brow.

She flung her arms around my neck and in a trembling voice asked my forgiveness.

"Wallace Prescott is a suitable companion for me, is he not, papa?"she inquired.

"Yes, my dear,"I answered, and at this her roguish expression returned, and she said, "But I am bold to speak of this to you.

He has not spoken a word of love to me, and I should be wise."I smiled in answer to her glance, and gave my opinion that love does not depend upon the tongue for its expression, and if I could judge of anything in this direction, Wallace's eyes had been speaking love to her for some months past, nor was she entirely unconscious of the fact.

"But, my dear old torment, this is not to the point at all,"she replied; "I am not responsible for what Wallace

Prescott's eyes say, or for my lack of understanding of their remarks, for that is a language I have not studied.

What I want to know is whether you acquiesce in my plans."I know that the sadness returned to my face, for, do what I would, I could not rid myself of the foolish thought that her first duty was to the one who had done the

i 44 TWO GRAVES.

most for her, and not to him, who, God willing, would do more.

"I know I make you sad,"she said repentantly, "but

I know that this sadness will soon be swallowed up in the joy occasioned by your seeing me independent of your effort, and even able to assist you.

Give me your approval, dear papa, for if I have strength of will sufficient, I will never take any step without your consent."A moment of thought on my part, during which she poured into my ears her pretty pleadings, was succeeded by a sign of approval, when she caught me joyously in her arms, and gave me kisses enough, I am sure, to repay me for all I had done for her then, or can do for her on this earth.

The permission having been granted, she at once offered her services to Brother Prescott, and was gladly accepted to labor in the dual capacity ot housemaid, and nurse to the little orphans.

And right well did she acquit herself in her position.

Faithful performance of duty, and self-sacrifice for the good of others seemed to be her watchwords, as they had been in the narrower sphere she had occupied at home.

Nor did her attachment for young Wallace Prescott lessen with the months. This was the one fact that caused me a pang, for I must confess that selfishness entered so largely into the composition of my nature that I had to give vent to it in this direction.

And my thoughts in this regard were not without cause.

From the first the attentions of handsome Wallace were devoted to my Irene, but the difficulty with me was the lack of ability to understand that filial affection is not so strong as conjugal.

But how many fathers must suffer their erroneous ideas to be destroyed!

In my case this destruction had a very severe effect, from the fact that I overheard the conversation between the two which clearly showed me where my Irene's heart was.

CHAPTER III.

It was the summer time. The pleasant evening of a warm day was coming on, and my wife and I (she had grown quite an invalid now) were walking through a small grove in the southern part of the village, just where the canon merges into the valley.

Earnest discussion arose between us as to the course best adapted to the happiness of the child who seemed ours by stronger ties than those of adoption.

Wearied with our walk, we had seated ourselves upon the trunk of a fallen tree, and with the earnestness which only parents can feel on such a subject, we discussed the probable future of our child.

We were surprised after a time to see her passing our retreat, hand in hand with Wallace Prescott.

They were talking in low earnest tones, which could not but be heard at our distance from the two.

His was the first voice we heard.

He said:

''Irene, I know I am in many ways unworthy of the love you have given me;

I am only a rough farm and canon hand, with no education but that which

I have been able to gain through my own efforts."As he spoke thus, they turned out of the path, and occupied a similar seat to ours but a short distance away.

He continued:

"You have had opportunities for gaining an education, and have improved them.

If it were not for your agreeable ways and humble spirit, I should almost be afraid to speak to you.""That is enough, dear Wallace,"said our girl, taking his hand in both hers, and looking lovingly and reassuringly in his face.

"Do not for one moment compare my feeble and insufficient knowledge with your manliness and independence of spirit, by which you are able to overcome obstacles capable of appalling me and rendering my weak efforts vain.

You are strong, Wallace, and I am sure I shall be safe in entrusting my future in your hands.

And if"—this was uttered in so modest and unpretentious a manner—

'if I can give you instruction in anything I know, I shall take the greatest pride and pleasure in doing so."

Wallace's face showed an expression of deepest joy and gratitude as Irene said this, while the old fatherly and motherly feeling sprang up in our hearts, and tears stood upon our cheeks, as we

TWO

GRAVES.

inwardly blessed them and wished them joy.

Further plans were perfected by the loving, trusting pair, and then came the question of Irene's separation from us.

It was one ofwhich our girl thought with a degree of pain, for this feeling showed itself in her face as she spoke of her home and her parents.

"Yes, Wallace,"she said tearfully, "it will be hard to part from them.

But you know, dear, a girl's duty to her parents, to remain with them, to give up all else for them, to use all her efforts in their behalf, lasts only till the time when she finds her husband.

True, my duty to my dear parents has not been fully done.

I know that they have done everything for me, and I comparatively nothing for them, but I feel that I have done as much as they would allow, and have been willing to do much more.

God bless them for what they have suffered for my benefit!

And He will reward them, I know, while I shall always feel a deep sense of obligation toward them; but from this time forward I shall look upon you as my hero, I shall consider you as my guide.

And when it is made possible that our hearts and fortunes may be united,

I shall gladly obey the Scriptural injunction that a woman shall leave all things else, however dear they may be to her, and follow her husband; and I shall consider my action as a pleasure and not as a sacrifice.""My darling!"said the young man, clasping her to him and kissing her with fervent devotion.

"I know with such a wife my life will be a happy one, and with God's help, I shall make it noble."With this they walked slowly homeward, leaving us still seated there, my wife sobbing on my shoulder, while the tears came to my own eyes, and found their way between the lids, in spite of my efforts to restrain them.

"We were young once,"I said soothingly, "and you remember how willing you were to leave for my sake all that you had known and enjoyed before.

I was but a careless, wicked youth then, and have caused you much pain and sorrow since.

Therefore, do not think that our darling is unreasonable in leaving us tor him who promises to be so noble and so worthy o^ her.""I know it is wrong,"she said sorrowfully, "but it is hard to part with her when both of us are becoming old and need her sympathy and comfort more than ever."We retraced our steps to our home, and there quietly and prayerfully awaited developments.

In a few months we were confronted by Wallace and

Irene, who asked in an open, unhesitating way if we would permit a consummation of their hopes.

To this question we answered in the affirmative, and gave our daughter to the protection of her chosen husband.

This was in October, and the next New Year's day was chosen as the wedding day.

The present pain was accordingly hidden in the hurry of preparation, for we had determined that our dear one should be made as happy as possible by her surrouudings on that eventful day.

Christmas passed with its festivities, and the old year was nearly at an end, when it suddenly became necessary for

Wallace to go into the mountains and render assistance in a matter which no one but himself understood.

This was on the thirtieth of the month, and it was his hope to be back in time for the, wedding on the first of the new year.

Joyfully his sweetheart bade him God speed on his errand of mercy; telling him in her jocular way that she hoped he would not find freedom so sweet in the mountain fastnesses that he would forget her and his promise.

"Do not fear, Irene,"he answered lovingly.

"Nothing but snow as deep as the canon can keep me from you, and even then I think the warmth of my love for you would melt it, and thus enable me to pass through before the first of January."

And so they parted.

With a joyous whistle Wallace drove his team toward the canon, while Irene busied herself with her household duties.

Entering the sitting room a short time after Wallace's departure, I found my wife lying upon the sofa, her head among the pillows, and her frame shaking with

NEW YEAR'S EVE.

weakening sobs.

I rushed toward her, asking the cause of her grfef.

"Oh, George,"she sobbed wildly, "call Wallace back;

it is not too late!

If he goes I fear he will never return.

Call him back, call him back!""Why, my dear Josie,"I answered reassuringly, "what danger can there be?

He is young and strong, his team is hardy, and his provisions ample.

There is no cause, dear, for your fears.

You are ill and weak.

You are wearied with the preparations for the wedding reception, and have taken for premonitions your own overwrought and excited feelings.""I suppose it is so,"she answered wearily, and again took up the burden of her life, assisting our daughter in her busy labor of arranging for the wedding supper.

Laertes.

(To be continued.) NEW YEAR'S EVE.

[AFTER JEAN PAUL.] New Year's Eve.

An immovable sky is sparkling above with myriads of glittering orbs.

At the window there stood an old man, looking up with a stare of despair to the crystalline vault above.

No stars were smiling to him with promises of a happiness beyond, of an eternal compensation in realms without sin and sorrow.

And anon he would lower his glances as his soul was lowering itself into depths of desperation, down upon the peaceful, pure, white earth, upon which there was now no one so entirely devoid of joy and sleep.

For his grave was near by the lonely and lonesome midnight gazer;

he was covered with the snow of old age, as white and cold, but not as pure as the viseous shroud that enveloped the stiff form of Mother Earth.

He had not only lost the verdue of youth, as the earth had lost the green of spring, but in him there slumbered no germs of another vernal season, no hope of fresh buds and new blossoms fluttered in his shriveled bosom.

From a whole long life, full of facilities and advantages, he brought nothing but errors, sins, and sorrows—a body destroyed, a soul laid waste and desolate, a heart wrung with repentance, as with the tortures of Procrustes'bed, and an age swollen with the venom, of self inflicted disappointments and discomfitures.

This night, the last night of shame, after another three hundred and sixtyfive days of sins, the fair morns of his youth turned back to him as hideous spectres, and once more revealed to him with appalling incandescence that benignly brilliant morning when his venerable father had first placed him on the crossroads of life—one, the sun-path leading into a broad, tranquil land full of light and harvests; the other, down into the subterranean caves of vice, teeming with hissing serpents and reeking with poisonous exhalations.

Overcome with unspeakable contrition, he cried aloud heavenwards: "Give me back my youth, oh father!

Place me once more, as thou didst, years ago, at the cross-roads of life, that I may choose otherwise, that I may select the path to happiness through the thorns of laborious honesty, and eschew the broad, rose-strewn highway to perdition."But his father had long since gone on the upward path ot rectitude into the realms of beatitude; and his youth, too, had gone where the roses of June have exhaled their dying fragrance, and dropped their glowing carmine.

He saw will-o'-the-wisps dancing on yon graveyard by the church; and he mournfully said; "These are the days of my folly."He saw a star drop from heaven, flash through darkening space and disappear in black obscurity.

"That is I,"said his bleeding heart, with a worldheaving anguish, and the keen-edged dragon fangs of repentance buried themselves deeper and deeper into his soul, already lacerated by over-tardy but never resting remorse.

One—two—three—four—five—and so

TWO

GRAVES.

the sad events had passed in review before his mind, and I knew that his overburdened heart would be relieved of its oad of grief by his making me familiar with the sad history.

His eyes assumed the retrospective expression so common to those in the habit of relating their own history, and his voice became low and mournful as he told this story:

I have lived near the mouth of this canon for twenty years.

My wife lived there with me during fifteen years of that time, when she drooped away and died, and is now buried in the cemetery near the village.

My early life was spent in the Southern States, where I imbibed the idea, peculiar to certain classes of people, that the chief end of life is enjoyment, rather than good deeds and noble selfsacrifice.

But God had it in mind to punish me for my perversion of His laws, and my disregard of His commandments.

While my wife and I were living in our Virginia home, we were privileged to hear the Gospel of Christ preached to us by one of the Utah Elders.

My wife.like most of her sex, was the more spiritualminded of the two, and she was accordingly the first to see the beauties and the graces of the truth.

She tried to convert me, but, indifferent in all religious matters, I allowed my prejudices against the Latter-day Saints to overcome the promptings of my conscience, and I refused to embrace the truth.

My wife pleaded with me to change my course, but with the recklessness which often attaches to those who disobey the promptings of conviction, I gradually sank from the position of wealth and influence I had occupied, to the depths of degradation and poverty.

My wife possessed a most unselfish disposition, and she remained with me, still pleading for her faith and praying for my salvation;

but my scoffing and jeering continued until she had almost lost hope that I would ever repent of my evil habits and attempt to lead a righteous life. But assistance of a wonderful and unexpected nature was soon to come to her; events were to occur which would alter the whole course of my life, and, God willing, make it a credit to His teachings and a model of self-sacrifice.

It was the last day of the old year, the year 1855.

That New Year Eve found me possessed of none of the spirit of repentance for past misdeeds, or of resolution for the future.

On the contrary, my heart manifested a degree of hardness astonishing even to myself.

My poor, patient wife had striven to induce me to give up my old habits with the old year, and upon the new page to write a cleaner record, but her pleadings had been vain.

Fanaticism was ito me the most unpardonable of offenses, and of this I believed her guilty and chided her accordingly.

In her brave and patient way she answered me; "George, may God forgive you—you do not know what you are saying; you do not realize what you are doing.

You are trifling with the sublimest truths of God, and I fear for you every day;

for I see constantly less hope of reformation.

But I feel that you will still receive a manifestation which will convince you of your errors and your need of repentance.

I pray that it may not be as agonizing as I fear it will be."I laughed at her fears, and according to my wont repaired to the village inn, in search of j forbidden pleasures.

I had been drinking and carousing quite freely, and was so completely under the influence of liquor as to be only half conscious of what was passing, when the cry of "Fire!"resounded through the streets.

All the loungers in the inn sprang to their feet and rushed, albeit some ran with uncertain steps, in the direction of the conflagration.

Dazed and bewildered as I was with my debauch, I followed the rushing crowd, and soon found myself before the burning building.

The fire was beyond control.

The walls of the house were of brick.

The floor of the lower story was entirely consumed, but the flames had not yet reached a certain portion of the upper floor, that part occupied by the family as a bedroom.

It was to this part of the building that the agonized gaze of the spectators was directed, for there the members of the family, just awakened from their sleep, were rushing wildly

[40 TWO GRAILS.

about, calling for help in piercing shrieks.

What could be done?

To all appearance every means of escape was cut off.

The danger to the occupants of the house was so great as to destroy all but selfish feelings in their breasts.

The father and the mother seemed to think of nothing 'but their own safety.

The children, of whom there were four, added their piteous screams to the despairing wails of their parents. And above all these dreadful sounds and the groans of the pitying spectators, the flames roared and crackled, and rushed on their prey like fierce demons.

The sight was too horrible to be long endured.

The father and the mother rushed to the window, the glass of which had just fallen out.

A groan arose from the horrified crowd as the two jumped to the pavement.

The surging throng rushed in that direction, only to see masses of mangled and lifeless flesh.

The calamity had fallen so suddenly as not to permit of concentrated effort or systematic action in extinguishing the fire or rescuing the inmates of the house; but at this juncture a ladder was brought, capable of reaching almost to the upper windows.

How I inwardly cursed the liquor almost consuming my brain and rendering me nearly incapable of rational action!

I saw that something must be done, and that quickly, or the children would soon be crisp and blackened corpses in the ruins of the building.

Some one must sacrifice himself for those children, and who could better afford to do this than my own worthless self? What better time for the atonement of my past offences than when my self-indulgence had brought me to this condition? When could I better purify myself from those accursed fumes than when my whole body was aflame with them?

There could be no more suitable time to leave this world than now, when men would say of me "He died a manly death while in an unmanly state."These thoughts passed through my mind with the speed of lightning, and they no sooner occurred to me than they were acted upon.

Elbowing my way through the expectant crowd, I reached the ladder and began to mount it.

"Hurrah!"shouted the crowd.

"There goes George Belton,"said a clear voice.

"His life will reach a fitting end if he dies in such an attempt."

A piteous shriek followed these words, as mv wife rushed through the throng and strove to hold me back.

"George, dear George!"she cried, and her arms encircled my neck;

"Do not go to certain death!

Consider me—consider yourself!

It is a vain attempt.

See, the room is filled with smoke.

You cannot find the children.

Oh, George, come back, come back!"But it was too late.

Already I had reached the top of the ladder, and my hands rested.upon the window sill.

With a spring I gained a safe footing in the window, but to my horror the ladder, pushed aside by the reaction of my spring, fell crashing to the pavement and was broken to pieces.

I thus saw all hope of escape cut off, but this nerved me for the work before me.

I sprang into the room, but as

I did so, the floor fell with a crash.

I seized with my right hand the child nearest me, a little girl but two years old, and with the left maintained my hold on the window sill.

The other three children fell with shrieks among the blazing 1 timbers.

The cry of horror from the crowd below was mingled with a cheer as they saw me draw myself up and regain a footing on the window sill, holding the child in my arms.

By this time a blanket had been brought by one of the crowd, and this was soon surrounded by a dozen men, who stretched it to its utmost tension.

With a steadier hand than I believed myself capable of commanding, I dropped the child carefully into the blanket.

It bore its burden bravely, and the little one was safe.

"Jump, George, jump!"shouted the throng, but before my bewildered and overwrought brain could plan and my muscles obey, the wall fell.

I felt myself surrounded by falling timbers, my ears saluted by a deafening roar, my senses greeted by scorching flames and blinding smoke,—and then consciousness left me,

TWO

GRAVES.

and oblivion, like a kindly spirit, shut out the horrible sensations from me.

CHAPTER Fortunately, the wall of the building which had carried me downward in its fall was the last of the four to collapse.

Hence I was near the surface of the ruins, and the work of extrication was comparatively short.

But in that time such injuries had been sustained from the falling debris and the fire, that when I was carried home and the doctor summoned,

I was pronounced beyond the hope of recovery.

For hours I lay, unconscious of what was passing around me;

but meanwhile my spirit, which seemed for the time being to be separated from my body, was wandering among Elysian fields and tasting of blissful sensations far beyond its power of appreciation.

When consciousness returned, I found myself surrounded by my weeping wife and sympathizing neighbors.

"George, George;

my poor, mangled darling,"were the first words to greet me, and my wife fell, convulsively weeping, upon the bed.

"What does the doctor say?"I inquired, with much less anxiety then would have been expected, for I was desirous of returning to those happy haunts which my spirit had visited during my unconsciousness.

The sobs which shook her frame, and the fresh flood of tears told me more than words could express.

I made known my desire that all but my wife should leave the room, and when all had gone I waited for her to become more calm.

Then taking her in my arms, I attempted to soothe her grief.

"Oh, George,"she cried, "it is too cruel!

Why did you risk your life to save that of one child, whose death would have affected no one but herself, and would have been a release even there?

I cannot, I will not, give you up! My darling, what can I do without you?

I have no children to solace my loneliness, no father, no mother, no friends, to comfort me.

I know God will not be so unjust as to take you from me!""God is good,"I answered, reassuringly, "and will do what is for the best.

And why should I!ive longer? What has there been but shame in my life up to this time?

I have been prompted to do one noble deed, to "atone for many acts of wickedness; and I know that the recording angel will blot out from his book the evil of my lite, in consideration of the good I have done at its close.""Why should you go now, George?"my wife asked.

"You will now repent of your indiscretions, and lead a life more worthy of your noble nature.""Sit down in this chair, Josie, and put your hand in mine.

I have something to tell you, and I know it will reconcile you to the trial you have to endure."

She seated herself on the bed, pillowed my head on her breast, and held my hand in hers while I related the events of my unconscious state. When I had described the pleasant experiences of my spiritual journey, I asked her if to her mind the vision did not present the fact that death was to come to me, and save me from myself, my worst enemy.

Before answering me she departed from the room for a few moments, I learned afterwards for the purpose of sending for two

Elders then preaching in the neighborhood.

Then returning with a cheerful expression of countenance, she said;

"No, George, far from it.

I look upon this wonderful vision as a fulfillment of all my desires concerning you, and an assurance that you will fully recover all that you have lost in strength through the events of last night; and that God will add to you His blessings, until you are fitted to enjoy in reality what you have seen only in vision—the blessings of eternity."Her face showed a heavenly expression of joy and faith as she uttered these words, and do what I would, I could not but feel that she spoke the truth.

"Certain it is, George,"she continued, after a short pause, "that what appear calamities are often blessings in disguise, and thus shall it be, I know, with the events of this New Year's Eve."Our conversation continued in this hopeful vein until I had caught the contagion of

TWO

GRAVES.

her faith, and felt that God had intended for a blessing what seemed an evil.

My strength returned with surprising speed after the administration of the Elders, and to the astonishment of all acquainted with my case, I soon recovered from my injuries and regained all my faculties of mind and body.

As soon as my condition would permit of such action, the ordinances were performed admitting me into the fold of Christ, and I received upon the confirmation bench a testimony regarding the work of God, which has never departed from me through all the painful experiences which have fallen to my lot since that eventful New Year's Eve.

In the meantime, and at an early stage of my convalescence, Irene Meredith, the little child whose life I had saved, was adopted by my wife and myself, and she now acts a prominent part in this story.

When affairs were settled in my native

State, I emigrated to Utah with my wile aud adopted daughter.

To one accustomed from birth to the woods and lowlands of Virginia, the first view of the mountains, valleys and streams of Utah is a novel experience.

Such a sight as presented itself before me when I entered Salt Lake Valley, I shall never forget.

The sun was just setting as we emerged from the canyon leading into the valley.

Clouds had settled down upon the western horizon, and the rays of the sun, shining through them, imparted to them a radiant glow of indescribable grandeur. The mountains past which we had just come, partook of this glorious light, and every curve and projection upon them was delineated so plainly as to impress its graceful beauty indelibly on the mind.

As far to the westward as the eye could reach, the waters of the lake reflected forth that same brilliant hue, while the city and every other part of the valley possessed its own peculiar qualities of loveliness.

Little Irene, although at that time but six years old, exhibited the love of beauty and the impressionable nature she always manifested, by breaking forth into exclamations of surprise and delight.

Arriving in the city, we passed through the peculiar experiences common to newly arrived immigrants.

We were soon ready for our journey to the place we had chosen for our residence, the little village of S—at the mouth of this picturesque canyon.

Here, among the pleasant and healthful environments of a "Mormon"community, we lived, and performed the labor assigned to us.

Irene, grown to womanhood, had developed those qualities which make women not only attractive, but companionable to men.

I wish I had the power to describe her to you, as she appeared on the morning of her twentieth birthday.

She was ot medium height, with figure not too full, but still beautifully rounded.

Her eyes were deep blue, large and expressive.

Her complexion was particularly pure and white, with just enough? hue in it to set off its waxy clearness.

Her hair was dark brown, and on this particular occasion she wore it in loose waves over her shoulders.

At her throat was a bunch of violets and at her belt a wild rose, fresh plucked from nature's briar hedge.

Her dress was of pure white swiss, with belt of pink ribbon and ruff of creamy lace.

"Well, papa,"she called, with a roguish glance at my own hard hands and bending form, "I fancy I have caught the freshness pressed from you in the course of your many years of difficult toil.

But never mind, dear papa, your responsibility for me will soon be over."Alas! She knew not how her light-hearted speech would be fulfilled!

"Just think; I am twenty years old—old enough to find my own way in the world, and relieve you and mamma of the care you have had of a homeless, penniless orphan.

I feel that the nobility of character you have shown will ever be a motive to urge me forward in the accomplishment of all in my power to make my life as useful and as beneficial as yours has been."Poor child! She knew not how unworthy I was of the praise she uttered.

"And now, papa, I have something to tell you."I drew her to a seat at my side but she fell on her knees before my chair, and leaning upon me with that ex-

NEW YEAR'S EVE.

H7 on came, slowly tolling the iron tongue of the relentless admonisher in the tall steeple—nine—ten—eleven—twelve! The year was done;

irretrievably was gone another twelve month, another crushing weight in the balance of eternity.

But hark! no sooner had the startling reverberation of the last stroke died away on the frosty midnight air and in the numb soul of the solitary watcher, than a chime caroled forth as a sweet chorus of angelic hosts, to herald and welcome the New Year.

He was touched as by a magic wand, or mesmeric influences, with milder feelings.

With an eye almost moistened by a tear of self-compassion, he surveyed the horizon, remembering the dear iriends of his youth, who now, happier than he, were teachers of mankind, high or low, of young or old, fathers of blessed children, husbands of virtuous and happy wives.

Then a flood of regret came over him as with a rush of mighty waters.

And he said to himself and to the mystic stillness that separate the coffin of the past from the cradle of the future:

"Alas!

I, too, could now sleep with dry eyes, and dreams of bliss and hope this first night of a new year, had I chosen wisely.

Alas! I could be happy, too, had I obeyed your counsels, dear parents!"

Then, in the increasing feverishness of his remembrance of the days of his garlanded youth, he fancied a skeleton in the charnel house across the street in the dismal graveyard was assuming the fiesh-and-blood features of his own vigorous self, as he looked in his bloom.

And then the same gradually became wrinkled, shriveled, distorted and finally crumbled into a hideous pile of osseous ugliness.

He could look no longer; the sights were becoming more than eye and heart of mortal, however depraved or obdurate, could endure.

He covered his eyes from which had already started a blinding torrent of tears; he sighed one low, long sigh;

then, with a convulsive throb of his heart and a thrill of his entire frame, he moaned aloud, disconsolate, yet with the last energy of despair:

"Comeback, youth! come backl"And it came back again; his youth returned with all its vigor and much of its virtue, promises and prospects.

For all the foregoing had only been a fearful dream in New Year's Eve.

Still he was a youth; only his errors and follies had been real.

But fervently he praised God for this timely warning vision, and solemnly he vowed, while the sweet accents of the New Year's morning carol were dying away, as die the irridescent embers of the setting sun in the western distance, that he would retrace his faltering steps from the filthy paths of vice to the starting point at the cross roads ot life he choose the path his father had pointed out to him, and henceforth never deviate from the sunny road that, through trial and trouble, plowing and tilling leads to the Elysian fields of plenteous harvests.

You, too, return, young reader, if thou walkest the path of wickedness, under the fragment roses and hyacinths of which lurk the serpents!

This awful dream of the New Year's Eve shall, some day, become thy accuser and thy judge.

But it may be that it be too late;

that no glad morning carol follows the doleful midnight dirge; that, though then thou wailest in the anguish of spent years and wasted talents and criest aloud, "Come again, fair youth!"it would never, never come back again!

Leo. Haefeli.

Most of our readers are acquainted with that popular set of readings known as the "Story of the Nations"series, and will be pleased to learn that a Spanish edition of the same is being issued in Madrid under arrangements with the Putnams.

Gilman's "Story of the Saracens,"in this series, is now being printed in raised letters for the use of the blind.

The next volumes to be issued in this series are Freeman's "Story of Sicily,"

Oman's "Story of the Byzantine Empire,"and Miss Duffy's "Story of the Tuscan Republics."W. O'Connor Morris has in preparation for Messrs.

Putnam's "Heroes of the Nations"the volume on "Napoleon."

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, January, 1892.

THE DEPARTED YEAR.

In the annals of history, the year that has just past will be recorded as one of more than common importance.

When we reflect on the events that have transpired, we understand that great preparations are being made by the Supreme ruler of the fate of man for the accomplishment of the plans and purposes foreshadowed in prophetic declarations by holy men in ancient and modern times.

And it seems that the nearer we draw to the time of the restoration of all things, the clearer the signs become which indicate the approaching change—the new dispensation of righteousness and peace.

The year 1891 has been marked with unusual atmospheric disturbances and consequent disasters.

Terrific storms have swept many parts of the globe, notably, Great Britain and the western coasts of the European continent, causing death and ruin on land and sea.

The earthquake in Japan, by which whole districts were desolated, rendering thousands homeless and destitute, was one of the saddest calamities of the kind ever recorded.

Other countries have been visited by inundations, or by terrible cylones sweeping, as with a besom of destruction the habitations of men out of existence.

Disasters on land and sea have furnished a large part of the daily news wired to all parts of the civilized globe.

Millions of the human race have in various ways been hurled into eternity by the uncontrolable forces of nature.

Famine in large districts of the Russian Empire is one of the horrifying visitations calculated to invite the thoughtful to reflections.

It is supposed that the real state of affairs in the famine-stricken provinces was concealed as long as possible from the view of the outside world.

Yet, it has now become known that the destitution is so great that even cannibalism has.in at least, one case, been resorted to.

And the famine is not confined to the interior of the vast empire.

Even from Finland comes the report that people have had to grind the bark of trees into "flour"in order to appease their hunger.

It would seem that such a calamnity as famine would be almost impossible in this age of swift communication, but the present destitution in the Czar's dominion proves the contrary.

No contrivance of man is potent enough to shield him from the decrees of the Almighty.

Famine and pestilence go together, as the pale horse with death in the saddle follows the black steed in the apocalyptic visions of the seer.

And the past year has again proven this.

"The scourge of the Lord"is even now applied to the nations of the earth, sparing neither high nor low.

On both sides of the Atlantic the mysterous epidemic, against which the skill of physicians avail but little, has claimed many victims.

Another marked feature of the past year is the oppression of the Hebrew race by the Russian authorities.

The movement which this has brought about is, of too great importance to to be fully realized, until the outcome of it is seen and it can be viewed in the light of the final result.

That it will prove a blessing to the Jews may be safely presumed.

By it, many have already been led to return to Palestine, the land of their fathers, and they have there laid a foundation for the further building up of the promised land.

Others have sought refuge on the American continent, the land of Joseph, and have established themselves here.

The movement is still in progress, and the near future may bring millions of them from the land of bondage to more congenial regions.

The political horizon has been heavy with clouds threatening to burst almost since the beginning of the year.

On our side of the ocean, revolutions have been the order of the day.

In Europe the greatest diplomatic skill has been exercised in order to prolong the peaceful relations between the powers.

In China,

EDITORIAL

riots have been rampants, and the soil is still reeking with the fumes of sanguinary massacres.

The long threatened united action of revenge by the leading occidental nations on the "celestial"government is delayed only because the jealousy of those powers are too great to allow them to act in concert in any matter of great importance.

In the southern part of Asia, the British lion and the Russian bear are watching each other with the vigilance of enemies, each waiting for an opportunity for an advantageous advance.

War clouds seem to hang over the whole civilized world.

Our own country has at present a problem to solve, a question so delicate that the least diplomatic blunder would apparently be enough to participate and unequal combat with

Chile.

Russia is evidently longing for a war and is preparing for it.

She will resort to it as a means of salvation from internal strife which threatens the safety of the throne.

Reflecting on all these conditions, the people of Utah should feel their hearts swell with gratitude in seeing how favored they are in every respect.

In common with the rest of our vast republic we have had an abundant harvest, and the late copious falls of snow give hopes of another year of plenty.

The bosom of the earth is opened to the industrious miner, and yields her hidden treasures of precious metals.

Industries are growing up, securing the future prosperity of a favored people.

A spirit of peace and reconciliation is spreading its wings over us.

Prejudices are overcome.

Hatred is being gradually driven away, and the day seems to be near, when the world at large shall recognize in the people of our beloved Territory the noble qualities which have formerly been hid under a cloud of misrepresentation.

These things ought to fill us with gratitude at the commencement of a new year.

For they are an indication that God is with His people.

But they also suggest the necessity of standing firmly by the principles which distinguish us from the world.

By serving God, Utah has grown from a desolate wilderness to the beautiful garden and the pleasant Territory she now is.

By continuing to serve the Lord she will continue to be preserved.

Falling away from Him was the cause of the desolation of the Holy Land in bygone ages.

The same cause will produce the same effect now.

There is, therefore, no truer patriotism than that which finds its expression in a firm determination to wage war against evil conduct and influences, and to stand firm for the maintenance of truth.

No better New Year's resolution could be formed by the youth of Zion than to cultivate this patriotism, for the good of ourselves and our fellowmen, as an expression of gratitude to the Creator.

The wonderful history of two wonderful nations contained in the Book of Mormon, with accounts of their terrible exterminating warfare with each other, invests all that western part of the State of New York, where their battles were fought, with peculiar interest to Latterday Saints.

The region has always been occupied by descendants of the early Indian tribes.

It was the home of the great Six Nations, and recently at Canoga, six miles from Waterloo, where the

Church was organized, on the shore of

Seneca Lake, on the spot where Red Jacket, chief of the Six Nations of the Iroquois, was born, was unveiled the granite monument to his memory erected by the Waterloo Library and Historical Society.

A delegation of Indians from the three thousand seven hundred Canadian survivors of the Six Nations was present These included John Buck, a chief of the Onondagas, and a number of

Cayuga chiefs.

Delegations from other tribes were also there.

The Hon. W. C.

Bryant, of Buffalo, delivered the oration.

The design of the monument is most unique, and is said to be after ideas suggested by General Eli Parker, the famous

Indian member of General Grant's staff.

Red Jacket, in his speeches, frequently compared himself to a blasted hemlock tree.

The monument represents the trunk of such a tree from which the limbs have been lopped off.

It stands on a

'5o THE LINDEN TREE.

pedestal containing inscribed tablets, and is surrounded by six huge boulders, typifying the Six Nations.

On this spot Red Jacket was born in

January, 1730, his real name being Sa-goye-wa-tha, meaning, "He keeps them awake."His Red Jacket title came from his dress.

His eminence as the successor of Chief Brant in the Six Nations, his services to the Crown in the Revolution, and to the United States in 1812, are all recorded in the early history of this region.

Red Jacket's remains lie in Forest Lawn Cemetery, Buffalo, and a monument will soon be erected over his grave there.

Tmor Solo.

1st and 2nd Tenor.

1st and 2nd Bass.

THE LINDEN TREE.

SOLO AND CHORUS.

p Moderato.

SOEUERBERG.

V~¥- 1.

There sang a bird 2.

A ho-ly an This little bird PP on the lin - den tree, the gel with bright blue eyes, with still sings to day, still j2 r=fa= ^2*^1 P T5f- P -y- -v lin - den tree, the lin - den tree, A little bird tho'bright blue eyes, with bright blue eyes, She heard the bird's plaintive sings to-day, stdl sings to-day, Will it cease ev er a W= 5E± it T -y—h—I—

surely be.

song a rise, who can say come!

Yet I am rich At ev-en tide Not e'en the an ==t.—

Come, in my sing-ing;

And so t as - cend ing;

Oh gels in hea 'ven;

This thou r g gel!

THE LINDEN TREE.

ores.

E=EE3=E a£3 *—P- v- yet my love tarries far away, lit tie bird on the lin den tree, lit-tle.

bird still sin:S to day, ores.

And yet my love tarries Oh little bird on the Still sings to-day, still:^e i£ £ tell m sh tell J- ^^g v- far away, lin den tree, sings to-day, In grove and field he no more doth stay, God grant thy love may re-turn to thee, Will it cease ev er, ah who can say, Nor And Not P JZme, Tell T- ML -*—p- seeks the depths of the for est.

join in songs sweetly blending, e'en the an - gels in hea - ven.

iiai £ mf p=Sf.

where my love—t?

h In grove and field he no God grant thy love may re Will it cease ev er ah £ i& -3=5 -fc 2=£ HN- £ more doth stay, turn to thee, who can say, ±=PZ u u Nor seeks the depths of the And join in songs sweetly Not e'en the an gels in for est.

blend - ing.

hea ven.

«j*i

-»f^EH«-?(J))^IBUJOf\.

ESTABLISHED 1879.

YOLUliE XIII.- the conclusion of the Twelfth Volume of THE CONTRIBUTOR (which is now bound and ready for delivery), its publishers extend thanks to the people for their extensive patronage, and take pleasure in announcing some of the new features to be introduced in early numbers and to be followed as rapidly as possible by others, which will not only maintain for the magazine its enviable reputation as the leading magazine of home literature, but secure for it a prominent place among the enterprising firstclass literary magazines of the country.

Columbus and the Discovery and Peopling of America: An Illustrated series of Historical Studies, to prepare readers for an appreciation of the Four Hundredth Anniversary and the great World's Fair at Chicago.

The Birthplaces of the Prophets:

A series of descriptive sketches made by Junius F. Wells.

During the present summer the author has visited Sharon, Windsor Co., Vermont;

Whitingham, Vermont;

Farmington, Connecticut; Potsdam and Trenton, New York, etc., etc., and will describe the scenes surrounding the birthplaces of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, George A.

Smith, Daniel H.

Wells, and others of the prominent leaders of the Church.

These papers will be handsomely illustrated.

Book of Mormon Lands and Cities:

By Joel Ricks, who has made a careful study of the travels of Book of Mormon peoples and of the ruins of their cities.

This series will be illustrated.

Colonial and Revolutionary Battle Grounds will receive the attention of Prof.

J. M. Tanner, who is collecting views in New England and writing a number of sketches to accompany them.

Missionary Life and Experiences will be treated by representative Elders in Scandinavia, England and the Southern

States.

The Church Emigration, by Andrew Jenson.

This exceedingly valuable series will be continued.

Political Principles We have arranged for some papers from well-known exponents of Political Doctrines, which will give readers a comprehensive understanding of the principles and

policies of the Republican and Democratic Parties, and be of great practical assistance to young men in forming political opinions and party connections.

Ill Fiction, we shall present some original serials and short stories.

Narratives, Sketches, Poetry, etc., will be as interesting features of the future numbers as of the past.

Association Intelligence: We propose in this department to give the experiences and methods of the most successfu Associations working under the new MAN UAL, and publish valuable correspondence on the subject.

This department will be open to Association workers, for questions and explanations.

$1000.00.

MUSICAL CONTEST.

$1000.00.

In June, 1892, there will be given a Musical Contest for $1000.00 in prizes, for both Instrumental and Vocal

Music.

THE CONTRIBUTOR will announce the particulars and conditions of this the Greatest of all Contests, from time to time, as necessity suggests.

The Music for the Vocal Contest will be published in elegant style in the Magazine.

The Magazine will be Enlarged by the addition of one hundred pages or more to Volume XIII, and in every way that the patronage of the people will justify shall we improve it, that it may be in all respects the representative of our people's progress and intellectual development.

Subscription:

The subscription is Two Dollars a year.

Binding Fifty Cents a volume.

For Two Dollars and TwentyFive Cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

We recommend every subscriber to order it this way.

The magazine is thus doubled in value, being read as it comes out, and still preserved, a record of the best thought of the times, which may be referred to in years to come with untold interest.

We are assured by subscribers, who have all the back volumes, that they would not part with them for any price.

Binding Volumes bound in cloth at cents each.

Missing numbers supplied to subscribers at 15 cents each.

Binding Cases for any volume, 25 cents each.

Fine Bindings, Half Morocco, gilt, $1.00 each; Full Morocco, gilt, $2.00 each.

Bound Volumes: Complete sets, Twelve Volumes, cloth, $27.00 per set; Half Morocco, gilt, $32.00.

We will exchange any other Bound Volume for volumes 1, 2, and 4, unbound, if in good condition.

Special! We have a limited number of large engravings of

Lieutenant-General Joseph Smith and of President Brigham Young.

Until our supply is exhausted, we will send a copy of either to subscribers for Volume XIII. who pay $2.50 in advance (which also includes binding).

These engravings sell at $1.00 each.

Remit money by P. O. note, registered letter, or draft.

Stamps taken for amounts less than one dollar.

fr^ Address, THE CONTRIBUTOR CO., |J|f(o;

Constitution Building, \rV/ P.

0. Box 520.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

^ITER BF{QS. D^UG GOn}PAI}lJ, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGS, i|r"il)VARNISHES, PAINTS, ^p PUTTY, OILS, ^^ BRUSHES.

as-0riers given \ rompt at'ention and careful pricing.

IiOGflN, *UTAH.

FRANKLIN, IDAHO.

Utah Cracker Factory, HENRY WALLACt Manager, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SILVER BRAM) OF ME CRACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

s^Sold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,"^ [lardy, You r^ 9 Qo.

.•.pRST/.<Scpss.-.

pa/r\i ly Qroeeries, Dry Qoods, Boots aod 5l?oe55ou/d and Country Jrad^ $o\\Qited.

\\f\f$>Y, - YOUffQ - QO..

28-30 fl\aip %, Opp. Z. Q.

/I\.

L, Salt laKe <5ity, 0. p. W*RDY, (T\anager.

THE DESERET SAVINGS BANK.

JJpHE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called £g to the Deseret Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at the rate of Five per cent, per annum, compounded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows:

Joeut Sharp, President.

Mosbs Thatcher, Vice-President E. A. Smith.

Cashier.

DIRECT0R8.

Jkwaw Sharp, H. Dinwoodky, J. R. Barnes, Eliab A. Smith. F. W.

Jx»rora«, Jams Sharp, L.

S. Hills, D. H. Pkery, W. W. Rrn», Gxorqi Bommst!

Moses Thatcher,J. a Cotler, J. T.

Lrrrut.

\. \. THOMA0.

AJl£ 26, 28, 30, 32 E. FIRST SOUTH ST.

l|I(.I(Jfiori]a^ 'J'irf SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

| \. THDIV[A0.

•?««* ^THK GUION IylNEX For.'. QUEENSTOWN.-. and.-. LIVERPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of KinerSt.New York, every Saturday

NKMOUK. 5 500 Tons NN\S00HS\U a,120 Tons.

^.These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisite to make the passage aerossjflie Aflantfe both safe and a^eable?Si«BXrS

Smoking-room. Drawing-room, Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon Stewardess ami c*t,»™i on each Steamer.

The State-rooms are all on I>ecM, th^s lnsnrtn* those^ereastest o* all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

«"»»""* U,UM greasiest <« CABIN PASSAGE, $50 and upward, according to location

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Bread-way, New York,

A. M. UNDERFILL & CO.

SUBSCRIBE FOR THE

DESERET NEWS Pur Year.

Deseret Evening Mews, $10-00 Deseret Semi- Weekly News, 3.00

Deseret Weekly, 2.50.^.,".^.« u -'i,ii 1M b,"i,n»(, i„n/ir 1 |ii('»,»«i 1 M l /'i,'l.,l«(,'i» -.*r,»ir*H, l,M«'«.> Book S Jq^i Printing and Book-Binding.

.»M"W"^M <S»'* t M,«,»M"^« 1 M,^,<'N«'»,M.,-'t(V i PRICE LIST OF CHURCH PUBLICATIONS TOB SALE BY The Deseret News Company, Salt Lake City, Utah.

BOOK OF MORMON, with references.

Gilt, $2.75; Full Bock, $2.00;

Full Roan, $1.75; Full Leather, embossed, $1.25; Full Cloth, embossed, $1.00.

BOOK OF MORMON, (Large Print,) Morocco, Extra Gilt, $3.75; Leather, Gilt, $3.00; Leather, $2.25; Cloth, $1.75.

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references, Gilt, $2.75;

Full Bock, $2.0i); Full Roan, $1.75;

Full Leather, embossed, $1.25; Full Cloth, embossed, $1 00.

SPENCER'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the Church, Full Roan, embossed, $1.00; Full Cloth, embossed, 75c.

KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P.

Pratt, Full Roan, embossed, 75c; Full Cloth, embossed, 50cts.

VOICE OF WARNING, by Parky P.

Pratt, Full Roan, embossed, 50c;

Full Cloth, embossed, 35c; Limp Cloth, 25c

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE, Morocco, Gilt, $1.25; Leather,

Gilt, $1.00; Roan, 75c.; Cloth, embossed, 50cts.

DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY?

Discussion between Elder O.

Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which is added three discourses on celestial inarviage by Elders O. Pratt, Geo. A. Smith and George y. Cannon, 25cts.

"MORMON"DOCTRINE, Plain and Simple,or Leaves from the Tree of Life, an explanation of the principles of tiie Gospel, in twelve tersely written chapters, followed by an original poem, and an appendix giving scriptural references for all the subjects treated upon in the body of the work.

A handy volume for anyone, 25cts.

CATE HISM FOR l HILDREN.

Exhibiting the most prominent doctrines ol the iihurch of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints, by John Jaques. Leather, 40c.

; Cloth, 25c; Boards, 20c;

Stiff Cover, 15c A COMPENDIUM of the Doctrines of the Gospel, by Franklin D. Richards and

James A. Little.

Leather, Gilt, $2.00; Leather, $1.50; Imitation Leather, $1.25; Cloth, $1.00.

READY REFERENCES.

Scripture texts arranged in subjective order, with historical notes.

45c, 55c, 85c, and $1.10, according to binding.

BLOOD ATONEMENT.

By C. W. Penrose.

Explaining the doctrine as understood by Latter-day Saints.

20c WHY WE PRACTICE PLURAL MARRIAGE.

By Helen Mar Whitney.

20c THE "MANUSCRIPT FOUND."(Spaulding Story).

Paper, 25c.

; Cloth, 50c;

Leather, Gilt, $1.00.

ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD.

By President John Taylor.

10c THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST QV LATTFR-DAY SAINTS.

By John Jacques.

10c y pa e»r g^,_».

e=r <-o CD oz i-i F Ha o so

BROWNING JBRO»., 155 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE., OGDEN, UTAH

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL THENEWg AKER GUNS, BICYCLES, FISHING TACKLE, LAWN TENNIS, BASE BALL CRICKET GOODS.

TENTS, HAMMOCKS, WAGON COVERS, FIELD GLASSES, BOOTS, SHOES, Etc., Etc.

Agents for the "American Rambler,"the highest grade Safety Bicycle made; "Eclipse"Wheels

Du Pont's Sporting and Bla-ting Powder; Safety Nitro and Atlas Powder Giant Cups, Fuse, etc., etc.

We sell a 24-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch, 135.00; and 30-inch for |45.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail fiee lo any address.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES "THE^ CEJIVTURY."THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story.

The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St. Nicholasfor Young

Folks, issued by the same house, "are read by every one person in thirty of the country's population."One great feature of The Century for is to be "THE GOLD HUNTERS OF CALIFORNIA "describing that remarkable movement to the gold fields in '49, in a series of richly illustrated articles written by survivors.

The November CENTURY begins the volume, and new subscribers should commence with that issue.

The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.

- "ST. ^lOHOI^AS."The year 1891 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without St. NICHOLAS."J. T. Trowbridge, Noah Brooks, Charles Dudley Warner, and many well-known writers are to contribute during this coming year.

One cannot put the spirit of ST.

Nicholas into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1 891 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

THE im EflGMflD PGflZIJlE.

Edward Everett Hale, D. D., \ pj:,.„..- John Myron Potter, Edwin D. Mead, j-cauors.

Manager.

An illustrated monthly Magazine, a current record of New England life ana thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

$3.00 per year.

TaiJIoi ^omneij, i^mgtag Go.

LEADING LUMBER DEALERS OF UTAH.

^ustie, piapK, Joists, Rafters, Stymies, /r\ouldii)<$s.

EVERYTHING THAT BUILDERS NEED.

Southi Temple (St., Aic&lt U&Jx& City

^CONFECTIONERY.

M SHIELDS & CO., 43 & 45 State St., CHICAGO.

The Thomson & Taylor Spice Co., IMTORTERS AND MANUFACTURERS OF <XTHE FINEST >o KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the Famous Brand of

Red Cross Lye.

30, 32, 33, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET, CHICAGO.

JBlaotci'w^ell'js Durliam Tobacco

Has the EAPGEST SALE of anv Tobacco in the World.

TOR PLEASURE.

*>MF$RT,HEALTr SMOKE THE ( MANUFACTURED ONLY BY W.T.BLiiCKtfELfc & Co.

BEARS THE FQPUUII KJJAX&L RELI ABLfj

The Herald's Offers this Year!

EVERY SUBSCRIBER to the SEMI-WEEKLY •HE i^Li.——«4 'ifclM y t>^ Receives a Number in the great

I5000 Premium I^istirrJbiitiorjL

AS USUAL.

The Americanized Encyclopaedia Britannica,

THE LITERARY SENSATION OF THE AGE.

(Ten Volumes) can be, had with one year's Semi-Weekly Herald for $23.00.

The books alone retail for $45.00.

Five dollars down and the balance in monthly instalments will secure the great work, the paper and a premium number.

Five, per cent discount for cash.

—-Gold and Silver Watches given Free

To those sending a certain number of subscribers.

An elegant $5.00 POLITICAL AND TT.

S. MAP can be had with the Semi-Weekly Herald for $3.75.

Call and satisfy yourselves or ask yoi:r newsdealer for particulars.

Also NOTE THIS REMARKABLE OFFER.

You can get GENERAL GRANT'S MEMOIRS (2 volumes, the original $7.00 edition), the great COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE one year, the SemiWeSkly Herald, and a premium number for $6.50.

See the Herald for further particulars.

H.

G. WHITNEY.

Business Manager.

B H. ROBERTS, Editor Semi-Weekly Herald

oM R:aoing insurance agents of utsn POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U.

S. Government Food Report.

THE STATE BAM OF UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

I '»••». •««•'.

M'UNil*, f*.,> CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, President.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Cashier.

piRECTORS.

.

JOSEPH v. surra.

CHARLES s. burton-.

WILLIAM H. ROWE.

NKPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H.CANNON. FRANK Y. TAYLOR.

8PRKCKR CLAWSON.

PHIL0 T. FARN.SWORTH.

ELIAS MORRIS.

RICHARD W. YOUNG.

HENRY A. WOOLLEY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays 5 per cent, on Savings Deposits.

Compounds Interest thereon Quarterly.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Go-operative Salt Lake City, c% Organized Oct., 1868.

Vr CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

IP OFFICERS:

Mm President, Wilford Woodruff;

Vice-President, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. Webber;

Treasurer, m A. W. Carlson.

-~'(*s BRANCH HOUSES A at OGDEN, hJtfl LOGAN, PROVO, JL ^iVj and IDAHO FALLS.

Drug Dept., Main St.

SALT LAKE CITY.

JWepeantile Institution, Utah Territory.

DIRECTORS:

Geo. Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H J- Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romney, I- R. Winder, H DlNWOODEY, P. T. Farnsvvorth, I- R. Barnes, W. H. Rowe.

W. H. ROWE, Assistant Supt.

MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

T. G. WEBBER, General Supt.

*EBER J. GRANT A CO.

U;

ANT Manager.

L AGENTS with State Ba