July I I $2I I I i. \X1. I. iV. Lectures SAI^UI>A Ixioiclexit:

in. Cliureli I3J ix* i j£rat i o r*.

JCjCCUWts:*;!

^Wiaji «*=> =T> \i0 tt£> $BS38 THF €% stowS ONTRIBUTOR- A-AVONTHLY'/AACAZINE- I voLxm -JULY 1892no9 § &s Pi • PUBLISHED • BY THE - CONTRIBUTOR • CO 1 SALT • LAKE -CITY* UTAH* 1

.THE CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1892.

PAGE.

Potsdam, (Illustrated), Junius F. Wells.

Some Summer Talk,..., E. M.

Laury.

Hymnology, Elder Thomas Hull.

Marcia: A Story of Ancient Rome,

Laeites.

God's Image Josephine Spencer.

Statistical Report of the Y. M. M.

I.

A., for the year ending April 30, 1892.

Our Children, Phrer^. Journal, That's the Way,.

'.St.

Nicholas.

Comprehensiveness of the Gospel

EJder B. H. Roberts.

Proprieties in Prayer, Apostle F. M. Lyman.

Address of Dr. Talmage *...

The Valiant Crowd Eugene J. Young.

Church Emigration, XIV, Andrew Jenson.

Necessity for Good Teachers,....Emma C. Thursby.

Editorial: M.

I. Lectures; The June Contest Tears Century.

The Making of Ice, T.

Mitchell Prudden.

Music:

Invocation..

World's Fair Music, Established Incorporated i»73VJ Capital, $200,000.

[V.

•?! SnrPln8 '»aoo,ooo. 8s^ ZION'S Wilford Woodruff, President.

George M. Cannon, Cashier.

Pays S per cent.

Interes Compounded Quarterly, on Depo its.

* SAVINGS SAFETY DEPOSIT VAULT.

Mo»«y to Loan on Approved Securities at tow Rates of Int re»t.

Oldest and Largest Savings Bank in Utah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

BANK* DIRECTORS!

Wilford Woodruff, Prest.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice'Prest.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G. "Webber, H.

B. Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy.

BOXES to RENT at Reasonable—Terms.—

aTRUST Deposits received from SI Upwards. COMP'Y.

-*H*- I, 3, and 5, EAST TtWIPLE STREET, SALT LAKE

CiTY.

Gm.

I) ft I ft ^E£t^E£z^E^:^3:

T, U-T.^ar-fTTT^^ 2=C£:±2 (I CO-OPERATIVE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL, $300,000.00.

**** WAGON and **** PAID IN $250,000.00.

SURPLUS, $75,000.00. MACHINE CO

UTAH xxx AND xxx IDAHOKulon S Wells, Sec. & Treas.

ttTTTttT HEBER J. GRANT, President.

GEO. Q. CANNON, GEO. ROMNEY, [H] J. H. SMITH, R.

S. WELLS, Grant Hampton, Asst. Sec. & Treas.

TTtTtTTt JOSEPH F. SMITH, Vice-President.

F. M. LYMAN, VV. W. RITER, CHAS.

S. BURTON, H. A. WOOLLEY.

ik ft I.I'l.M.Cl.M.f I LEADING IMPLEMENT DEALERS.

SPLLiT UR^B.

CITY, UTAHGEO.

T. ODELl Genl. Mgr.

igb-^ZT^ZP, C^j -£^ ^£^=$111--

WARNER ©ROB.

CELEBRATED HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation recognized, for they have "Dr.

They can always be Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

'a <&a -wn •&& Lffa <fea wn< in •&& wn NEW YORK and CHICAGO.

For Sale in Salt Lake City Z.

C. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Ogden Z.

c. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

Warner Brothers Celebrated Corsets,

B.F&H.L. SWEET, -MANUFACTURERS OFMl "COMMON SENSE"SLEIGHS,:*» 'Arctic"Sleighs, "Manitoba"Sleighs, Improved Freight Wagons,

Mining, Railroad and Mill Carts, Spring Wagons, Trucks,

Buckboards, Lumber Buggies.

Co-operative "W£*g;o:n. and JVTaoliinL© Co., General Western Ag-ents.

sSEll KENNEDY'S [TTERi MALERIALKlPNEYaLUNt^ ^oO DISEASSEJtcV3,r Scientific American Agency for CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS COPYRIGHTS, etc.

Fortnformation and free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO.. 361 Broadw.v, New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the

Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly, 93.00 a year; $1.50 six months.

Address MUNN & CO.

Publishers, 361 Broadway- New York.

WE TELL THE TRUTH about Seeds. We will send you Free our Seed Annual for 1892, which tells THE WHOLE TRUTH.

We illustrate and give prices in this Catalogue, which is handsomer than ever.

It tells NOTHING BUT THE Write for it to-day.

fl g^ ^ J I 6™^ D.M.FERRY & CO.. Detroit.Mich.

THE Standard Gauge RAILWAY!

Through the Rocky Mountains!

Choice of Three Distinct Routes, and the most Magnificent Railroad Scenery in th World.

Two Fast Express Trains Dailv each way between OGDEN, SALT LAKE and DENVER.

Elegant Reclining Chair Cars FREE OF CHARGE.

Direct Connections made in Union Depots. The most Thoroughly Equipped

Railway in the West.

J. H. BENNETT, General Freight and Passenger Agent.

D. C. Dodge, A. E. Welby, Gen'l Manager.

Snperintenden 1

a'H o M Z I SI H DP H ft,.

ok ''CORTICBLLI/'ROPE SILK, Wash, Embroidery Silk, These are the,..s, in blue and in red, Made for the smoothest, strongest of thready The silken thread, that ev'ry one said:

Was worthy the Mills "Corticelli"built.

C. H. SAMPSON \gen\ o o o tr r c H r r o o K H ry:

GO Cd >H PATENT ROLLER MILL CO.

MANUFACTURES FINEST BRANDS OF KmSKB&3||Kn Tina WIT* m High Patent Bakers No.

1, Whole Wheat.

Office, 21 W.

South Temple St SJ^XjT juuhlK:S.'OITT TJ'HJ^TI

The occurrences of late, both locally and nationally, are fraught with much interest to those who keep up with the country's history and progress.

Among the most important of these occurrences, nationally, we might name the Home

Rule and y V I J 'X Y I ^ Statehood bills toJielp I-"I I \ \ / I I poor d i s- tractedUtah herselt The speeches of the gentlemen to govern interested in the passage of these bills, as well as those opposed to them, have been read by the public.

The bill for the free coinage of silver has been introduced and commented upon.

The protestations of the anti-Hill faction have been uttered, the Cleveland Democrats are working, and the Whitney boom looks threatening.

The has left Harrison publican situationYOU Blaine withdrawal master of the ReLocally,. the disthat we have an covery of mines and gas wells, the Legislature and its work, the municipal election returns and the distribution of official favors, and t3:e great Democratic and astonishing Republican gains, have kept the public pulse beating abnormally.

All these things are of much concern, but our good people should not forget, in this time of sensations and startling social and political T""V I V yaBjgSB^w ~^lsaaam*± I «k changes should interest in all home enterprises and should assist in the development of home talents.

These are too varied to be enumerated.

We, however, call attention of all who are interested in good solid, home literature to the pleasing changes made in the organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

The introduction of half-tone engravings illustrating our articles was a happy 'Wf+f y Hjr v '"< thought, making the magazine one l.aBracHtJ Lboh of high class and i 1 1;1 JL» sought after more than ever.

The articles on the Pilgrims are timely, preparing one for an appreciation of the anniversary of the discovery of this country.

The magazine has been enlarged and volume thirteen will contain one hundred extra pages, and be improved in every way that the people's patronage will justify.

The subscription is two dollars a year.

Binding, fifty cents a volume.

ty-five cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

Send in your order at once for Volume Thirteen to The Contributor Co.,

Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

P.O.r V "30

THE MUTUAL LIFE

Insurance Company of New York RICHARD A. McCURDY, President.

Statement for the year ending December 3 1, 1 83

Assets, $159,607,138 GS Beserve on Policies (American Table 4%>>....

Liabilities other than Itcscrve,

Surplus, Receipts from all soureeR, Payments to Policy.Holders, Bisks assumed ami renewed, 194,470 policies, Bisks in force, 225,507 policies, amounting to...

$146,9fift,322 607,84!) 6 12,030,9<»7 87,684,784.

18,765,711 8< 007,171,801 695,753, 4G1 € Notk.—The above statement shows a large increas over the business of 1890 in amount at risk, new busine:

assumed, payments to policy-holders, receipts, assets an surplus; and includes as risks assumed only thenum'uv ind amount of policies actually issued and paid fur 1.

the accounts of the year.

THE ASSETS ARE INVESTED AS FOLLQWS

Beal Estate and Bond & Mortgage

LoLns,.

Dniled States Bonds and other Securities, Loans on Collateral Securities,

Cash in Banks and Trust Companies at interest,

Interest accrued, Premiums Deferred, etc., $81,345,540 i:

57,661,455 10,223,903 I.

5,070,153 C 5,206,085 $159,507.138 I have carefully examined the foregoing statemer.

and find the same to be correct.

A. N. Waterhouse, Auditor From the Surplus a dividend will be apportioned as usual.

REPORT OP THE EXAMINING COMMITTEE.

Office of The Mutual Life Insurance Company of Hew York.

January 25, 1892.

At a meeting of the Board of Trustees of this Company, held on th 23d day of December, ultimo, the undersigned were appointed a (.or?

mittee to examine the annual statement for the year ending Decsmbe 31, 1891, and to verify the same by comparison with the assets 01 th.

Company.

The Committee have carefully performed tho duty assigned to thiin and hereby certify that tho statement is in all particulars correct, an..

that the assets specified therein are in possession of the Company.

In making this certificate the Committee bear testimony to tho h'g-'character of the investments of the Company and express their ap;iei bation of the system, order, and accuracy with which the accounts 'a vouchers have been kept, and the business in general is transacted.

H. C. von Post, Robert Sewell, George Bliss, J.

H. Herric, Juxien T.

Davies, D. C.

Robinson.

Jas.

C.

Holden.

ROBERT A. GRANNIES, Vice-President.

General Manager.

Treasurer.

Actuary.

Walter R. Gillette, Frederic Cromwell, Emory McClintock, LOUIS HYAJVXS, DISTRICT MANAGER FOR UTAH, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Good, active, responsible Agents wanted.

Apply to Louis Hyams, District Ma. ager, Salt Lake City, Utah.

45 sold in '88 2,288 sold in '89 6,268 sold In '90 20,049 sold in '9 60,000 wll > be sold In '02 A Steel Windmill and Steel Tower every 3 mliutes.

Oj j These figures tell toe story of the ever-growing, ever -going, everlasting Steel Aermoter. Whtre one goes others follow, and we "Take the Countrw."Though Hold, we *< r« uilalUe t.. make sli of the 20.040 Aermotora in "91.

Ordi waited £ weeks to be d, hut now we h.ve vastly increased our plantand are prepared promptly to plant "iir Increase iu every hahi table portion ol the globe.

Are you cut i^ns to know Low the ACT 1* motor Co..»n the 4th vearot ll eoce, came to make many times as many windmills as all other makers combined?

How no came to originate the Steel Wheel, the Steel Fixed Tower, the Meel n H Tilting Tower?

1st. We commenced in a flcld In a

Si 9 which there had been nu imj ment for is yt ara, and in which 0) there seemed no talent or umbi tion, and none has vet been shown ~ J except In feMt imitation 5 o of our Inventions.

-t g 2d.

liefore commencing the -i manufacture,exhausthe seien- O -m tific investigation and expert- "* ments were made by n skilled q 9 er.in which c C dynaniomet lc "S 3 propel q r* aechani over 5.000 tests wire made"on 01 different forms of wheels led by artiScialand therefore c uniform wind, which settled ol definitely many questions 9 5 relating to the proper speed ^ rj vheel, the best form, angle, curvature and amount of saii i surface, the resistance of air to rotation, obstructions in th"£ 9 wheel, such as heavy wooden arms, obstructions before the - Jl wheel, as in the vaneless mill, and many other more ahjj J?

stru.se, though not less important questions.

These t- 5 investigations proved that the power of £ n the Pest wind wheels could be doubled, -»,S andtlieAERMOTOR daily demonstrates < ».

It has been done.

~.£'3d. To the liberal policy of the Aermotor Co., that eaaran - j tn tees its goods- satisfactory or pays freight both ways, aud Q <?

to theenormous output of its factory which enables it to fur- c 2 nlsh the best article at less than the poorest is sold for.

For «+ * '92 we furnish the most perfect bearings ever pj 9 put in a windmill, and have made an exhaustive re™3 vision of the Aermotor and Towers.

_ 2- If you want a stroug, stiff, Steel Fixed Tower—or if you E?—

ivant the tower you don't have to climb (the Steel Tlltlns * 2 ill others stand still, f. "Tower) and the Wheel that runs when al thtit costs you less than wood and lasts ten times as long £ *S (The Steel Aermotor) or if you want a Geared Aermotor to O c churn, grind, out feed, pump water, turn grindstone and D.

saw wood, that does the work of 4 horses at the one <$100j, write for copiously illustrated printed matter, showing every conceivable phase of windmill construction i and work, to the AERrVlOTOR CO.

"Rook 2-T5 well Sts„Chic-.go. or 27 and 29 Reale St.. San Francisco Q) 0>

HIGHLAND BRAND

EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated to a creamery consistence and.

Thoroughly Sterilized May be diluted with, either Water

Or fresh. Milk: to any desired consistence

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,v\rrite direct to Jxxxi&lz:

«Xs I^albiaxx, Agents, P.O.Box 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

To Consumers of Pure Lard To meet the increasing demand for a Strictly Pure grade of Lard, we have placed upon the market our "WHITE LABEL"PURE LEAF LARD, which we guarantee to be absolutely free from all adulteration.

To be had from the leading wholesale and retail grocers through out Utah and the entire West.

JUNGK & FABIAN, Salt Lake City,

Agents lor ARMOUR PACKING CO., KANSAS MIT, MO.

I5S foLLYCoUOHTy The reason L<^ WHEREOF f "M 7>x IwilltelUIt 15 NOT BECAUSE OF HER BEAUTIFUL

CUP'S,ED CLOTHES, 0Ut W\£AR% W TO COOK ON TH05E CHARTER OAK 5TOVE5 HATS HOW SHE BECAME 4} x0^^ SUCH A BELLE!

For Sale bj Z. C. M.

I., Sole Agents for Utah.

JULY, 1892.

No.

9.

Vol.

XIII.

POTSDAM.

Birthplace or President George A. Smith.

When George A. Smith first looked out upon the world, into which he was born, June 26th, 1817, he beheld a fair scene, a landscape of many beauties.

His birthplace, Potsdam, St. Lawrence

County, New York, is situate upon the banks of the Racquette River, which flows down from the Adirondacks, having its source in a lake of wondrous loveliness, to the broad bosom of the great St.

Lawrence River, and thence to the sea.

The little village is one of thrift and possesses many features of interest. It is a social and political center, and is famed for its educational institutions. Among them is the Normal School in which many teachers are trained for the profession.

This is a splendid stone structure situated in the centre of the block on which it stands, and surrounded with stately trees.

The reputation of New York school teachers for proficiency is well maintained by their preparation received here.

It was my good fortune to meet some of Potsdam's most respected citizens, and to visit them in their homes, which are models of convenience and comfort, marking in striking contrast the progress that has been made in the century, from the old clap-boarded, four-sided shelters ol that early day, to the architecturally perfect residences of modern construction.

In the picture of the house in which

President Smith was born is seen both the old and the new styles.

And in the

POTSDAM.

Early Home of Judge Elias Smith.

picture of the farm-house in which

Elias Smith and his people lived, some three miles from Potsdam, the old style is shown.

Such houses are standing in every village of Western New York, and the models from which they are built, a generation or two older, may be seen throughout New England, in the country villages and upon the farms from which the sons of the Puritans and earliest settlers commenced their western pilgrimages.

In the earliest houses built in Utah we may plainly trace the connection with these first American progenitors'homes.

The drives about Potsdam, in fact all the country roads, are among the most delightful. The country is very picturesque.

Farms are cultivated with great care and stock is raised of the finest kinds.

Horses and cattle in the pastures, show strains of the best blood, and the thrift of the people indicates the profitableness of raising such.

The churches of Potsdam are very fine. The Episcopal church, presided over by Rev. R. M. Kirby who was for several years pastor of St. Marks in Salt Lake City, is situated just over the river in a beautiful grove of trees and its grounds are carefully kept and are very attractive.

There is connected with this church an educational institution for the training ot young men in the Episcopal ministry.

Rev. Samuel Unsworth and one or two other Utah boys received their education there.

Some manufactories, mostly those of wood working machinery are thriving in

Potsdam, and the inevitable cheese factory of Western New York is sure to be found numerously thereabouts.

St.

Lawrence county is a stronghold of Republicanism and its political status is emphasized beyond the local boundaries by the able representatives it usually sends to the State Legislature.

Among these is Senator George Z.

Erwin, one of the three recalcitrants who were suspended last winter, because they would not vote upon the redistricting bill, which was designed to turn over New York State to the Democrats and which has since been declared by one of the lower courts to be unconstitutional.

Senator Erwin is a man who reminds you ot George A. Smith. He has the reputation of being the homeliest man in New York

State.

It is not, however, in this that he is like President Smith but rather in* the fearlessness of his disposition.and the universal confidence in his political and commercial integrity which his character inspires.

His wife is a daughter

POTSDAM.

i Normal Colese, Potsdam.

of the late William Dart, whose widow is a daughter of Benjamin Smith one of George A. Smith's uncles.

The hospitality of the Erwin home in Potsdam is always remembered by those fortunate enough to be among its guests.

I was hurried in my visit to this interesting place, but every moment there was one of exceeding pleasure To drive about the country roads, crossing the streams and viewing the old farm houses familiar to the boyhood of President Smith was of great interest to me.

He has many times spoken to me of that period of his life.

He always referred to himself as an overgrown ungainly youth, but with an inclination to read and to learn from his elders.

He adopted a practice early in life which developed what was generally regarded among the people as a phenomenal memory, especially of events and dates of history and of the Scriptures.

He said to me one time that he did not think this was an unusual endowment or gift, but that from very early in life he had made it a practice to commit verses to memory and to charge his mind with dates.

He would have much difficulty at first, but by persistent endeavor and determination to make a lasting impression of the particular matter, taking one thing at a time, he gradually developed the power to memorize whole pages and chapters at a single reading.

From the obscurity of the country villages of this neighborhood how many men of mark among the Latter-day Saints have come! Within boundaries less than those encompassing Utah Territory are the birth-places of Joseph and Hy rum Smith, Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, Parley and Orson Pratt, Erastus Snow, Bishop Edward Hunter, Daniel H.

Wells, Orson Hyde, Bishop Woolley, H.

B.

Clawson, Anson Call, A.

O.

Smoot, Jesse Fox and scores ir not hundreds of others who have taken a prominent part in the history of our people.

It is not difficult to account for the hardiness and courage, the energy and enterprise of these men, who braved the dangers of the far west, and became the pioneers of the Rocky Mountains, when visiting the scenes, of their birth and childhood.

In New York and Vermont, Connecticut and Massachusetts, you are deeply impressed with the country—as one to produce a race of men full of vigor, restlessness, and determination.

All the rest of the American nation, and especially the Western and Northwestern States and

38o SOME SUMMER TALK.

Territories, owe their development and and the great trees of elm and beech and civilization to the influences about these maple are responsible for these influbirthplaces of their pioneers.

How far ences, only Providence and philosophers the cold winters, clear summer skies, may tell, fresh running waters, the rocky soil, Junius F.

Wells.

Episcopal Church.

SOME SUMMER TALKNot the usual sort of summer talk about the hop last night, the new comers at the hotel, where we are going next, a bit of flirtation now and again, a dissertation on tennis, all to be well mixed with divers ejaculations, such as "My, how hot it is!""Did you ever experience such oppressive weather?"etc., etc.

Not that sort of talk, but just a rambling run of practical ideas for making the summer more enjoyable and more beneficial than it usually is, so that when we come back to the real, old, work-a-day world in the fall we may find ourselves so strong fresh and vigorous that even work will be a pleasure.

The matter of bathing is of utmost importance in summer.

Of course it is important all the year round, but especially so in summer, because we of this latitude do the most of our perspiring then.

Did you ever consider that nature means perspiration to be of some benefit to us, instead of an uncomfortable nuisance, necessitating the eternal mopping of the face and the soiling of handkerchiefs?

There are so many ways in which we constantly "do those things which we ought not to do, and leave undone those things which we ought to do,"especially in the way of eating and drinking.

We eat what we ought not to eat, provided it tastes good and "touches the spot."We eat too much.

We eat at unseasonable and irregular times, and then we neglect and postpone and delay other bodily needs.

Granted that we have eaten without the sanction of our internal machiney (and I defy you to mention man, woman or child, who is without sin in this matter), I want to say that without the use of the skin pores the inside organs of the body, the liver, kidneys, etc., have too

HYMNOLOGY.

38i much to do to carry off the impurities.

There are more than 2,000,000 of pores on the surface of the body, and each of these is the opening of a little gland or sluceway for the carrying off of bad, impure or waste products from the body.

If you persist in overworking any organ of your body it will certainly break down under the strain, and as no one yet ever masered his or her appitite, so as to apply the principle of prevention, let me advise you to look to bathing as the cure.

Not necessarily bathing in water, in fact preferably sun and air oftener than water.

The great desideratum is to keep these two millions of pores open and active.

They have a way of getting closed up by their own excretions.

Water is not sufficient for cleansing the skin, because these excretions are not all soluble in water.

The usual advice is to rub briskly after stepping out of the tub, but this is not exactly the thing either.

If you want a perfect bath, try this way:

When all ready for the bath, go all over yourself with a dry brush, just harsh enough to feel pleasant, no rasping or scratching or reddening of the skin at all, not even for an athlete, then rub yourself all over with a soft, dry towel, or better with a piece or flannel, and if you stand in the sunlight you will see a perfect cloud of little flakes, which have rubbed oft.

If you are in a perspiration, first dry it off before using the brush.

Now after the dry rubbing you are ready for the water.

I advise a quick sponge bath with pleasantly-warm water for every-day use.

Once a week is often enough for the tub, for it certainly is enervating if indulged in too often or too long at a time.

Don't use either very cold or very warm water.

Nature never does anything by such extreme or shocking measures, and don't mistake the red glow that comes from a cold plunge as any sign of health or vigor it is only a sign that your system has received a shock, and one, if often repeated, which will show its effect in after years.

Try faithfully the plan of bathing I have outlined if you want a skin like a baby, and an absence of headaches and drowsiness, and not only this, but during the summer, while we perspire freely, we will by keeping the pores open assist nature to such an extent that we may get a gcod start to carry us through the winter, when cold weather and cold bath-rooms may make the daily bath impracticable.

However, all the year round, I would advise you to take a dry rub every morning on rising, and train the children to do the same.

E. M.

Laury, in Phren. Journal.

*HYMNOLOGY.

There are doubtless many present in whose minds is the same question that has been put to me several times since the publication of the program for this conference, viz: "what is the meaning of

Hymnology?"Hymnology is the science of hymns, treating of their history, classification, criticism and use.

A hymn is a religious ode, song, or other poem, a metrical formula of public worship usually designed to be sung by a company of worshipers.

In treating this subject I do not design to dwell at any length on the history, *Address delivered by Elder Thomas Hull at the General Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. A., in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Sunday, June 5. 1892.

classification or criticism of hymns, but to devote most of the time allotted to me, to the consideration of the appropriate use of them.

In the first place, then, I hold that the real object and use of hymns is the praise and worship of God.

"A. metrical formula of public worship."And what a beautiful form of worship!

Singing is a very ancient form of praise, for the first singing of which we find any account is that referred to by the Lord, when he speaks to Job as follows: "Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare, if thou hast understanding, who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knovvest?

or who hath stretched the line upon it?

whereupon are the foundations fastened? or who laid

3 82 HYMKOLOCY the corner stone thereof, when the morning stars sang together, and all the Sons of God shouted for joy?"We have many evidences that singing is an approved and acceptable form of praise in the Courts of Heaven.

Lehi in his vision in Jerusalem, "saw God sitting upon His throne, surrounded by numberless concourses of angels, in the attitude of singing and praising theii God."In the Revelations of John the Divine, we find many references to the song of the Hosts of Heaven.

When he tells, in the fourth Chapter, ofthe Lion of the Tribe of Judah, who opened the book and loosed the seven seals, he says the Elders and others fell down before the Lamb and "they sang a new song."In the fourteenth chapter he tells of the glorious song of the redeemed, when the

Lamb stood upon Mount Sion, and with

Him an hundred and forty and four thousand,having their father's name written in their foreheads, and he heard the voice of harpers, harping with their harps, and they sung a new song before the throne and the Elders, and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth.

We have abundant evidence also that the people of God have at all times upon the earth praised the Lord in song.

Moses and Miriam celebrated the deliverance of the children of Israel at the Red

Sea by singing praises unto their Great Deliverer.

David is called the "sweet singer of Israel"and always celebrated the great events of his times by psalms of praise and thanksgiving.

The prophet Isaiah frequently refers to the songs of joy which shall peal forth from the throats of the faithful, and often calls upon the desolate to sing aloud, for the Lord shall comfort them; and tells of the time when the "watchmen of Zion shall lift up the voice, with the voice together shall they sing, for they shall see eye to eye when the Lord shall bring again Zion."When the Savior was upon the earth He sang with His disciples.

In the account given by Matthew of the Lord's

Supper, in the twenty sixth Chapter, we read in the twenty-ninth verse:

"But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of the fruit of the vine until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's Kingdom;"and in the next verse he records: "And when they had sung an hymn, they went into the Mount of Olives."Oh, what a holy song must that have been!

What rapture filled the souls of the apostles as they stood with the Son of God, prepared for the sacrifice, just about to offer up His life for the redemption of mankind, and united with their Savior in the solemn yet glorious hymn of praise to their great Creator!

The apostles also admonished the people to sing praises to the Lord.

Paul says to the Colossians, "Let the word ot

Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another in psalms, and hymns, and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts unto the Lord."He gives similar advice to the Ephesians, "Be filled with the Spirit, speaking to yourselves in psalms, and hymns, and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart unto the Lord."In this dispensation the Lord has spoken upon this subject.

In the twentyfifth section of the Doctrine and Covenants He instructs Emma Smith, through the Prophet Joseph, to make a selection of sacred hymns, and says, "For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart, yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto

Me, and it shall be answered with a blessing on their heads."The Church of Christ has to-day a beautiful collection of hymns, upon a multitude of subjects—The restoration of the Gospel, the doctrines of the Church, the building of Temples, the coming forth of the Book of Mormon, the establishment of Zion, the coming of Christ;

hymns of praise, of prayer, of prophecy, of sorrow, of joy, of consolation, ot charity.

So that none should be at a loss to find those most suited to any occasion.

And now a word or two in regard to the appropriateness of the hymns selected.

It is often the case that little if any attention is paid to this question by

HYMNOLOGY.

the leaders of choirs, and others who select hymns.

You have, probably, all heard of the meeting of the sisters which was dismissed by singing the hymn with the chorus, "For we are the true born sons of Zion,"and I have heard sung in this city the hymn, "O Zion when I think of thee, I.long for pinions like the dove;

And mourn to think that I should be So distant from the land I love."A hymn written for the Saints in foreign lands, expressing their desire to gather with the people of God, but which, when sung here, has an entirely different meaning.

These are, of course, extreme cases, but even choir leaders frequently select hymns that are entirely inappropriate to the spirit of the meeting in which they are sung.

We are apt to become mechanical in our hymnal service.

Choir leaders make selections of hymns at their weekly choir practice, to be sung at the succeeding Sabbath meeting, and perhaps the subjects presented to the Saints by the speakers are entirely different from those treated upon in the hymns.

One of our most successful ward choir leaders said to me not long ago that he never depended upon the selection made for practice, but was guided to a very great extent by the spirit of the meeting.

That is the proper way.

I have already referred to the great variety of subjects treated upon in ourhymn-book.and there is no excuse for the selection of unsuitable hymns.

All hymns, however, to be truly appropriate should be properly sung.

In the admonitions of Paul, quoted above, he urges the Saints to sing with grace and melody in their hearts.

He says to the Corinthians, "I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also.

I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also."Lip service merely is never acceptable unto God, and He does not say to us, "My soul delighteth in the song, and it is a prayer, etc.,"but "My soul delighteth in the song of the heart, yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto me, and it shall be answered with a blessing on their heads."I am convinced that there are many singers who attend meetings, not for the worship of God, but simply because they are choir members, and I fear that some choir leaders think less of the praise and glory of God, than of the artistic success and display of their choirs; forgetting that

God has said that the song of the righteous is a prayer that shall be answered with a blessing on their heads.

The Saints should not leave all the work and all the joy and reward of singing spiritual songs to the choir, either, but should carry their hymn books with them, and join in this most beautiful part of the worship, singing with the spirit and with the understanding also, for if they do not join in the service of song they lose a great blessing.

What joy and satisfaction, what consolation and comfort, what inspiration and delight is brought to the Saints by lifting their voices and hearts in songs of praise to God!

If you have not been in the habit of joining in the hymns, try it in the future, and receive the blessing.

I desire now to speak of a practice which has become common with our choirs since the adoption of the

Latterday Saints'Psalmody.

I refer to what I call the three-verse rule.

I have visited a great many of the Wards of the Church and attended meetings there, and wherever I find the Psalmody in use, I find that the choir only sings the first three verses of the hymns for the reason that these are all that are printed in the Psalmody.

On account of this many of the choicest verses of our best hymns are never sung any more.

Let me refer to a few.

Perhaps the most beautiful sacramental hymn in our collection is found on page of the hymn book.

I will read it:

"'T'was on that dark, that solemn nighf

When powers of earth and hell arose

Against the Son, e'en God's delight,

And friends betrayed him to his foes.

Before the mournful scene began,

He took the bread, and blessed, and brake;

3§4 HYMNOLOGY.

What love through all his actions ran!

What wondrous words of grace he spake.

"'This is my body, slain for sin;

Receive and eat the living food;"

Then took the cup and blessed the wine, "'Tis the new cov'nant of my blood."

Omitting the fourth verse as hardly appropriate to our belief, we have in the fifth and sixth two beautiful verses:

"Do this"he cries "till time shall end

In mem'ry of your dying friend;

Meet at my table and record The love of your departed Lord."

Jesus, thy feast we celebrate!

We show thy death, we sing thy name,

Till thou return, and we shall eat,

The marriage supper of the Lamb.

Following this, on page one hundred and fifty-two is another beautiful hymn, "Arise! my soul, arise!"the last verse of which is full of christian joy:

To God I'm reconciled;

His pard'ning voice I hear;

He owns me for his child;

I can no longer fear;

With confidence I now draw nigh And Father, Abba, Father, cry."

Again what a cruel mutilation it is to leave out the fourth, fifth and sixth verses of the beautiful hymn found on page one hundred and fifty-five:

He died!

the great Redeemer died, And Israel's daughters wept around;

A solemn darkness veiled the sky;

A sudden trembling shook the ground.

Come Saints and drop a tear or two

For him who groaned beneath your load;

He shed a thousand drops for you

A thousand drops of precious blood.

Here's love and grief beyond degree;

The Lord of glory died for men;

But lo! what sudden joys were heard;

Jesus though dead 's revived again.

The rising Lord forsook the tomb;

In vain the tomb forbade him rise;

Cherubic legions guard him home,

And shout him welcome to the skies.

W ripe off your tears ye Saints, and tell

How high your great Deliv'rer reigns;

Sing how he triumphed over hell,

And how he'll bind your foes in chains.

Say, "Live forever, wond'rous King,

Born to redeem, and strong to save;"

Then ask the monster, "Where's thy sting?

And where's thy vict'ry, boasting grave?"

I might multiply instances by the score showing that by this absurd—I had almost said abominable—practice of singing only what is printed in the Psalmody we are robbing our hymnal service of its choicest part.

Who is to blame for this?

I cannot blame the choirs or their leaders, for I recognize the truth of their claim that it is very inconvenient to hold the Psalmody and a hymn-book at the same time. The fault lies with the make-up of the book.

It is in the wrong shape.

It should have contained only the tunes, and not any words, and been made much smaller, so that it could have been held conveniently and comfortably, in connection with a hymn-book, or it should have contained the entire hymn, so that the use of the hymn-book in connection with it would have been unnecessary.

I do not speak against the work as a tune book, for there are many beautiful tunes in it by the best of our composers, but I sincerely hope that an earnest effort will be made to change its shape, or else that the singers will take up the labor of holding both books together.

If this is nbt done our hymnologists in the future may save themselves the trouble of writing any more than three verses to their hymns.

I trust I may be pardoned for departing from the real nature of my subject to make this criticism.

In conclusion, let me Urge upon choir leaders to exercise care, and seek the guidance and inspiration of the Lord in their selection of hymns for the services of the Saints, and upon choir members to seek the Spirit of God, that they may sing with the spirit and with the understanding also the "songs of the heart,"and upon all the Saints to join in praising the Lord in song that all may reap the reward promised to the "righteous singer."And I pray, that as ( we all took part in that grand chorus;

when "the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted "(jor joy,"so may we all be numbered amongst that holy throng who shall learn and the glorious "song of the redeemed,"when the Lamb shall stand upon Mount Sion.

Amen.

MARCIA.

A Story of Ancient Rome.

BY "LAERTES."CHAPTER II.

THE HOME OF DECIUS AND MARCIA.

The house into which Claudius was conducted was one of magnificent proportions and appointments, indicating the wealth and nobility of its possessors.

The father of Decius and Marcia had been one of the most valiant generals of the empire, and had been richly rewarded for his services by munificent bequests from the Emperor Claudius and his successor,

Nero.

At his death, which occurred a few years after that of his wife, and when the son and the daughter were approaching the years of their majority, his wealth, together with the house, passed into their hands.

Their home, occupied only by themselves and their slaves, was freely thrown open to their many visitors;

the motives of some of these in making visits (and these motives were sustained by the peculiar customs of the time), were not infrequently of a selfish, rather than a social character.

In fact, they belonged to that numerous class known as "clients,"who spent almost their entire time in visiting their various "patrons,"begging food and money, and betting on the races, gladiatorial combats.and other sports of Rome

The house was built on a rectangular plan, the shorter dimension upon the street in front, the longer extending backward from it.

No door enclosed the vestibulum, which opened directly upon the street, as a sort of porch or portico.

Folding doors, with brass knocker, separated this vestibulum from the ostium, a small apartment corresponding with the ante-room of a modern house The doors and door posts at the entrance to the ostium were magnificently carved, and the word "salve"(welcome) was inlaid with mosaics on the polished floor.

Next to this hall was the atrium, an apartment usually regarded with most reverential feelings by the Romans, for the ceremonies connected with the most sacred events in Roman life, were here performed.

It was here that the bride of Marcius, the father of the present occupants of the house, was welcomed to her husband's home;

here the ancestors of the family had worshiped, and beneath the floor of the atrium their remains lay buried.

The busts and statues occupying niches in the walls, represented gods and goddesses, and illustrious men connected with that particular family, or the more general history of Rome.

In the center of this room was an opening in the roof, formerly used as the outlet for the smoke from the sacrificial altar, and as an inlet for the sunlight.

Immediately beneath this, the impluvium, a sort of square basin set in the floor, reflected from the surface of its water the altar, the columns, and the statues.

Rich and costly hangings, marbles, and pillars were not wanting to make this room a most luxurious one.

Joining the atrium was the tablinum, capable of being secluded by curtains, thus forming a private room for the master of the house.

This room, though smaller than the atrium, lacked nothing in the way of furnishings, possessing many elements of beauty, among them a floor of marble.

Next came the peristylium, an open court with central fountain, flowers, and mosaic pavements, and surrounded with beautiful arcades.

Next was found the large banquet hall and family state room, the aecus, where the guests of Decius and Marcia were welcomed, and the family feasts held.

A transverse corridor separated this hall from the spacious garden at the rear of the residence, a favorite lounging place for the master and his guests.

Adjoining the tablinum was the library, its walls lined with shelves containing rolls of parchment, on which were recorded the thoughts of the wisest men of that and more ancient times;

distributed about this room with artistic effect, were busts and portraits of many of the illustrious men of Rome's civil wars.

Here,

MAR CIA.

as well as in the other rooms, elegant of these various apartments more clearly and easy furniture was abundant.

than would be possible by a mere Branching off from the peristylium or description.

V, The Vestibulum, or hall;

i, The Ostium, or ante-room;

2, The Atrium;

a, Room used for sleeping;

3, The Impluvium, or cistern, with the altar before it;

4, The Tablinum, the room of Decius;

5, The Library;

6, The Corridor; 7, The Peristylium, or court, with (8) its central fountain;

9, The Aecus, or state room;

10, The Triclinium, or special banqueting hall;

11, The kitchen;

12, The transverse corridor;

13, The Lararium;

14, The garden, which is divided into plots and promenades.

Scale. 75 feet to the inch.

Entire length of house, with enclosed garden, 340 feet;

greatest width, 160 feet.

corridor, was the triclinium, a large banqueting hall.

This was used by Decius and Marcia, who were much given to the fashionable feasts of the day, as a special banquet room for the most important occasions of this character.

The kitchen, which was looked upon by the aristocratic inmates of the house as a plebeian, though necessary, adjunct to the residence, was separated from the other apartments, and never entered by the proud Decius or his sister, who left all the details of cookery to their trusted slaves.

Branching off from the atrium on either hand were eight sleeping apartments, used by the owners of the house and their numerous slaves. But one room remains to be mentioned; separated from the peristylium by a door, and secluded from the vulgar gaze, was the lararium, used as a sacred receptacle for the images of the chief gods, and the statues of the most noted characters in history.

In addition to the main rooms already mentioned, were a multitude of smaller ones, devoted to a variety of uses not necessary to name here.

The accompanying diagram will show the situation When all curtains were drawn aside, it was possible to see the rear of the garden from the door leading into the ostium.

In the private apartment of Marcia, one of the sleeping rooms on the right of the atrium, were elegant chairs, designed for ease and ornament, a bed, covered with richest tapestries, and two richly carved and inlaid tripods, on which were displayed costly vases, filled with flowers plucked fresh each morning from the garden.

In the library, in addition to the articles of furniture already enumerated, were easy chairs of the peculiar Roman style, tables, tripods, footstools, lamps, and vases.

But the most costly furniture was found in the triclinium, or special banquet hall.

On one side was a table, extending half the width of the room, made of citrus wood, and costing foity thousand dollars.

On three sides of this table were the sofas on which the guests reclined while eating.

These sofas were framed of the costliest wood, inlaid with gold and ivory, and covered with richest velvet and gold embroidered hangings.

Especial care was taken to provide in

MAR CIA.

this room dishes of gold, silver, and rock crystal, some of the last named being purchased at fabulous prices.

Rich hangings and tapestries lent their aid toward making this an attractive apartment.

This profuseness of furnishings and ornamentation was noticeable throughout the entire house, but further descriptions are prohibited by a wish not to weary the reader, or detract from the interest of the story.

CHAPTER III.

CLAUDIUS AND MARCIA.

As Claudius sounded the brass knocker on the door of the ostium, he was admitted by a slave who bowed low to the welcome visitor.

With kindly greeting Claudius proceeded to the atrium, when Marcia, attracted by the voice of her visitor, came from her apartment and greeted him thus:

"My dear friend, why hast thou delayed thy visit?

The laggard in friendship, when he finds an object of adoration, I fear will prove a laggard in love."The archness and cheerfulness with which these words were uttered, failed to bring an answering smile into the eyes of Claudius, and Marcia asked hastily if he were not well.

"I am well, my dear Marcia,"he answered, but the shudder following his words proved conclusively that his mind had not recovered from the shock of the terrible scene he had just witnessed.

"But why dost thou shudder, Claudius?

Why are thine eyes averted from mine?

Dost thou see aught of terror there, that thy cheek is blanched and thy frame is shaken?

Let not that gaze be turned upon me, or I will think that thou hast learned to distrust her who trusts so faithfully in thee.""No, Marcia, thou hast more need to distrust me than I thee."He added, half aside, "Thou knowest not to what a test thy friendship, thy love, it may be, will be put!"Then turning again toward her:

"Listen to me, Marcia;

it may be the last time thou wilt hear me, but I have a right to demand thy attention now, for thou hast not said me nay."

With wondering eyes the girl turned toward him, but the expression of his face bereft her of the power of speech, and in silence she led him to the lararium, where their conversation might not be interrupted.

"Marcia,"began the young man, seating himself at the base of the image ol Mercury, and drawing his companion to his side, "Before I tell thee that which lies so heavily at my heart, I must know thy feelings to.vard me, as thou assuredly knowest mine toward thee.

I love thee, Marcia.

Thou hast full possession of my heart: my thoughts are centered in thee.

My desire has ever been to call thee mine, and I have revelled in the thoughts ot happiness to which that hope has given rise, until thy every word thrills me, thy lightest smile entrances me.

These are my thoughts of thee, O my love!

What are thine of me?"With face in which joy at this avowal struggled for the mastery of grief at the strange behavior of Claudius, Marcia grasped his hand and raised her lips to his.

That lingering kiss sealed the betrothal of their hearts—would that it had also sealed the betrothal of their hands!

"Now, Claudius,"said Marcia, "I am ready to hear from thee that which thou thinkest will blight my love for thee.

But thy fears are groundless, my own, for the love of a woman will extend beyond the grave—

"But not beyond disgrace,"interrupted

Claudius.

She started at the terrible import of his words; the movement caught his eye.

"Yes, my Marcia,"he sadly continued;

"I have long foreseen and feared the time when thou wouldst avert thy head and cast thine eyes upon the ground at sight of me; that time has come, all too soon!""No, no, dearest,"exclaimed the girl;

"judge me not so harshly.

No disgrace comes to him who deserves it not. There may be its shadow, its semblance, but to the noble and the true the substance may never come!""Listen, then,"said Claudius, his face beaming with the presence of a newly discovered hope.

"Of late there have been strange rumors afloat in the city, many of which have come to mine ears.

To-day at the solicitation of thy brother

MAR CIA.

Decius, I attended the games at the amphitheater.

On our way thither, Decius glanced at the birds flying athwart the sky.

He exclaimed that scenes of turmoil would mark this night.

In the arena a man was thrown to the lion.

Before his death he stood up nobly before the emperor, and proclaimed with the ardor born of sublime faith and confidence, the terrible events to occur in the near future, and I fancied that I could see through the glorious words he uttered the calamities of this night.

I fear not the prediction based upon the aimless flight of the fowls, but every word of that noble man, uttered in the face of death, burned into my soul I hung upon his words;

but while the sounds of his voice still trembled on the air, the lion was released, and, unable to endure the terrible sight, I rushed from the theater as the beast sprang upon the Nazarene!"Claudius had carefully watched the expression of Marcia's face throughout the utterance of his words.

At the last word she started in dismay, and stood facing him with blazing eyes.

"And is this the disgrace of which thou wouldst tell me?

Wouldst thou confess that thou hast given thyself up to that odious sect, whose name is on every lip in curses, and whose existence is a menace to the safety of our empire?

Is it with such as these, the sworn enemies of the state, that thou art associated, and whose treasonable predictions thon wouldst repeat to me, trying to turn my mind from its strict allegiance to my sworn emperor?

Thou hast well said:

a woman's love may not extend beyond disgrace;

or if her love do so, her respect and friendship cannot!"Suddenly her mood changed.

The fire of her sudden indignation died out, and into her eyes came a pleading expression.

"But I misjudge thee, Claudius.

Thou art far to noble to lend thine allegiance to traitors and worshipers of the unknown God.

Let thy lips utter a denial of the charge I have so unjustly made against thee, and our dreams of happiness will reach their fulfillment.

Speak, dear Claudius."As the last words were uttered, her arms stole about his neck, and her eyes were lifted to his in pleading;

but his arms were folded upon his breast, his head was bowed and his eyes averted.

Gently he disengaged her arms from his neck, and slowly he made his reply:

"Our fate, dear Marcia, is foretold in thy first words;

the last are vain Marcia, I am a Christian For months I fought against my own convictions with all the power of sell-interest, heathen worship, and love for thee, for all were opposed to my acceptance of the strange creed.

But my efforts were unavailing.

What I thought was a strong fascination drew me to the secret meetings.

I listened, almost spell-bound, to the teachings there given, whose truth

I could see all too plainly.

One day, as I sat in my library, pondering on these things, I thought I was transported to the Capltoline Hill.

Two temples reared themselves before me, the altar of the one inscribed 'To the Pagan Gods of Rome,"that of the other, "To the True ani> Living God."I entered one of them, the latter; but thy brother Decius entered the other.

A cloud of darkness settled upon the temple I had entered, but through the cloud which was impenetrable to their sight, I could behold Decius and the other occupants of the heathen temple rejoicing at the apparent destruction of the temple of Christ.

As I gazed upon the edifice, a bolt of lightning cleaved it asunder, and dashed its walls to the ground.

Emblazed in letters of gold appeared upon the ruins the words, "Behold the Fall of Heathendom and the Triumph of God!"and my vision was at an end.

I related my strange experience to an adherent of the faith of the Nazarenes, who told me of its import, and of my duty.

When I asked concerning thee, he told me that duty is above worldly affection, and must be first considered.

I accepted the faith, thus plainly shown me, and its truth has since been impressed vividly upon my mind.

And now, my dear Marcia, thou seest my duty.

Share it with me!

Let my life, which may be full'of darkness and of trial, be relieved and

GOD'S IMAGE.

brightened by thy continual presence.

Cast from thee thy doubts and thy superstitions, and enter the portals I have passed and partake of the joys I have tasted.

But do not so for love of me.

If prejudice be not removed that faith may find room, let not my words persuade thee % Pray unto my God, and He will grant thee peace and joy in the performance of thine acts of self-sacrifice.

Art thou willing, Marcia?""I am almost convinced by thy burning words and earnest manner.

But how may I learn more of this creed?""My blessings upon thee for those words, my Marcia!"exclaimed the young man devoutly.

"Through thy faithfulness shall thy quest be successful, and thou shalt comprehend the truth."Then, sinking his voice to a whisper, and glancing fearfully around, lest his words should be overheard, "This night, at the third watch, is a meeting held.

It will be secret, lest the officers of the empire, in their blind zeal, interrupt the service.

The place of rendezvous is the Velabrum, near the Valerian Way.

As thou approachest this street, turn down a dark alley to a door leading to an underground passage.

Tap thrice npon this door and utter in low tones the words: "My sheep know my voice, and a stranger they will not follow."Only to those who repeat these words will the door be opened.

May I trust thee, Marcia?"In answer the girl extended her hand, and Claudius covered it with kisses.

"Remember, Marcia, the third watch!""The third watch,"she repeated, as he turned from her and passed out of the room.

She watched him as he walked through the peristylium into the corridor, where he was lost to view.

Then her over-burdened heart gave way. and with tears she cast herself at the feet of the image of Jupiter.

"If thou be the powerful and the blessed God, let thy divine presence manifest itself to me, that I may become strong!

No look, no word?

Then art thou, as the Christians say, dumb and sightless?"

With a sob she arose to her feet and lifted her hands toward heaven, as though she would beseech the Heavenly

Power's assistance.

"But no,"she hastily exclaimed;

let me not desert my own god until

I know one more powerful to whom to flee! Yes,

Claudius, thy words are true;

the test has come; but come what may, my love for thee can never die! But O, for wisdom to judge with righteousness between the religion of my brother and that of him who is dearer than a brother.—dearer than I have before been able to understand!"With slow and thoughtful movement she passed through the corridor into her own room, cast herself upon her bed, and sobbed herself to sleep.

To be continued.

GOD'S IMAGE.

If "God is love"—as Christ hath said It follows then by certain law

Our every thought of love must draw

The presence of the great Godhead.

Our passions mar the perfect form

Of the Christ-spirit born anew Within us, when temptation's storm And sin's travail are battled through.

Hate is the curtain which we drape Across the light that shines as gold And Love the tool with which we shape

Our image to the heavenly mould.

Josephine Spencer.

CO O CO r—Q w P4<w wXH O w H o H O w Ph <u I—H CO >—H<H CO •i»u«x •snoautmaowiH •oisnjn •:}U9UUU9AO£> n A IO:.uii|v\ jo n,»ifl |s.ii,,| > t- ie Cl -! W * X t- « rH i»o*n*HnHncu Sootci-ir-r-cec. i-i^c. *cs b « k t- s i « t- ^ r. 1 ec « r> tt:ki.r. * m ci ci i- m ci n «>~ * ia §???

?.

ooo-dt-tciiooot-fi^omeei i-l Cl IO U5 rl M H H CI il H CI t Cl <OHM51H>|ICSOt-H t- O CI » I H cirHcotci-icicirHOSrH cii »ci I a » Cl H ID CI » CO Cl CO Cl COOHH CO •* IO t- rl I •n-'4<>x •SLU)OUl!l[90SII\[ •S9JJ9S •I -Hi:1jihsih qaiiang •j£jo^sih ip-imiD jU9OTB'JS9X A19K •uotuaoj,\[ jo sioog a ih ci t- ci ** rH i-l S3 ociCiCir-Ci-HCic!»J(OClHClII*SI CO C. t- to o; oo w ci n n o co i- h ci c. c. c. cu- i ci x co -* rH HC1HH COHH-HrtnlO 34:

ci oo x co ci HXOIO 1-I00O1 rH ioco ci t- in ih Cl CO i-t IO Cl o to O CIO rH X CO -Hi CO OH'1.0 -f CO rH rH Ci Ci t- Cl CO to rHrH-HIXOOrJICOCO ci h* m t- -* ci rH r*i ci co m x co x ci t- ci Ci HHICOMHt-HrltOCl rH CO CO Cl CO IO Cl CD 9) X ci rH l-l n CO O i WHCO-*CO Cl * Ci X b- -W Ci X rH CO C-CIOC C. t- C H Cl Cl 5) hcH Cl Cl tO Cl rH Cl rH rH CO rH lO rH rH CO Cl CO CO t- CO ci ir: rn in H MC10C-.;i5rtH HIOCHXCIHCOH rH CO h* C Cl Cl Ci X C- Cl Ci >* CO L- t- IO CO rn CO CO CO CO -* rH CO Cl -notCl rH OCOi-HCClO-JlOlrHtCrHrHrH Cl CO CO CO I inincomx c. t-x x io xoc-com X'cc cococccoci t- ~rHC cr. inccinco m co *COH*IOHOCOHC1CCC1MC1 X CO IO X CO I ci -* co co » in •TUJOi •sno9nen9osijs[ rH CO Cl CO Cl i~i C1HCOHHCCC1HCHCIH Hr.t-H-)l CO rH o lO Cl CO X CO 5£> Hd Cicimmiocici o hh •sgraoniijsgx •I9dsoo atJX •sSuijaapj p^oi •sajmpai oijqricE sauij99H jniof j£iqjnoj\;

•sSuija9iv[ iSJaoigo Wop •S8UIJ99J\[ •ssuT'4eei\[ tsj90iyo co-*ccodt-^x»t-t-Hco»HOHiHCiHOir:ciiccooL:oxOHCi

COCO-HIClCiHHCl-*ClHjlClCOt-50CO-*-H10CiC;CO-^CiXrH^iJlrHCOHHint-in o ci to Ci co in -* IO H CO t- Cl d CO t- o to in t-cio to x ci r. x IO Cl rH rH Cl Clt-HICOClllOCirH-HICOCOCiX-Hlt-lCOCl CO tCrHCCOl CO rHX CO CiClt-OCOtO ci 10 -hi co in in o CO X Cl Cl C Ml to to in -# co in Ci hci •S90U9J0JUO0 IBruiuyinws rH y-l rHClCl rH Cl f-l Cl l-HrHCldCldrHCl •ci - H CO •S90n9J9JUO0 JJJJJSId rHCOCI rHrHCl Cl Cl Cl a a •jBioads pas Bjjxg;

CO O rH CO Cl CO Cl Cl COOCOClCOCi-^COinrHCO rH rH Cl rH rn Cl Cl rH oh eoci ci ci to CO ci 10 i> o oj •* a: ^ x x c ^ ^ o ic r. c. m « c r. c lc c ^1 c o c 10 t- Cl i£> CO Ci C1HH ^MMHCOO H * M Ifi (NW H HHH •4* Gi CO t- ^O CO OO-tH Ifi (O •t^C000cNt-C'1?DTtiOCi^i0C0t'0'HlC--Cvlcr:^

I Ol 'C * X ^ -* CQ Oi H O iO X O Cl X H * (N t IHCT r-t iH r-t r-l CS rH C^HHt J^t^t-Wt-XNHH:rJliM«(MOCOOCOl 6h« CO CO tO Ci rH O tO O H tO rH rH r^ rH Cl -HI O IO r^ rH Cl Ci rH rH rH •paiio-iug;

Hon '9^ puB tl jo S93b U99.tt}gq 9^cjs in jaqcanj^;

ll>^t- COlflC-HIOCOOtO I Cl -HI X Ci -* Cl Cl CO t- Ci Ci rH CO rH H Cl * *HXX rHHjiO-HllOC rH Cl hJI * Ci rH O CO m "* '90nBpU9^JV 9^BJ9AV XtOClXXXt-XmrHCStOClCiinCOmClt-tOCl-*l-*OXC:tOrHCOCi-rl t-< Ci ci to o to CO X Ci o x to O X Cl X t- x c: t^ r: O X O CO 10 IO i-O Ci Ci c.

•peno-iug si9qtu9iv[ jo jaqmnj^:

ClHIOHiOOOHHHIlOHICOCOClt-HJCDIOOI^HWOCOCt-C. HCtlflXC.

•*lOCOtCC10lOCicclOHiH'CH*H(HCCC-*CCH'CCCC. CCWCHCIC-COHI

COlOHIXHCOHClHCOdHHCllCKHCICOCCCOHHI

Cl rH Cl Cl tO •e^Bjs ni suoTJBTOOSsy jo jgqnmjij rHcitococitoociintoxciOHHMimcitoc--H'ociincotocot-coxtocr;csm as-, *OcJ- j g o. to I S S B jrlpt-1- K 5 5 o a 3 ]8 H 3.as g,2g&& BTJS a "3 5 S *s *; 3 q S *s S J? 5 S g <WBBOOQHrjMSSSSSO(HrltCt<!tIl«lffl«!!fltfi!flIfiHPtl?l

•puuq no eouuiBg •pesjnqsid qsBj •peAjooeg; qsBQ •rijodag; •

%sv\ %\? pueq uo qs«o •sai.ii3.iqn; jo enjBA •pappy •sqooa: dBios •s^ajqcIcaBj coin©ior-ioic© •*cooo©to3>c$io lenNiBHoifin lO © •>* ft u;

<ci •« h h « In ©lfi©WlO©W© 00©iCCOt-COt-lO NHOOiCDOJCllO (M-*lHjCrHrHC»COH< TH 05 HI t- IO 00 © 1^ rH Cl rH SO coooooooo CO-*COCOCOt-C-© •* CO CO HH CO CO © CO CI © »* 10 OOOOOOOlOlftOCDOOOOOOO-f ©©©t-©lO©t-t~©lft©©©©©00©H> I'tOC'tDC-I^CitDt'nCllOC'tt-OtOCIlOlQi 1—1 t-HH CO tH C» rH H< © © «* Cl rH © 10 © © ia ic io uo © C- -* c- Cl © © 10 CI © CI CO CO © ci «r t-©0>b-eOC>©H<XO©CO!0<OtOlr- (DOniMt-t'Orit'^CICClMIOClHXOlt-Ol < CI rH CO rH -H CI -* CO CO rH CO KrtOlCl rH CO O © © H X CI t- CI Cl CO Cl © KHOHri^ CO t- C- Cl rH rH rH i-H -* Cl t- rH rH rH 00 C CO CO tX 00 in © ci tO © © Cl IO i-H 00 i-H «>»[-<Ol- T- HH 00 CH (Cl ioeo©ooco©cirHeoooci©coco-*-*rt-cirH

I CO Cl * © CO •ptmog saranpA 05«mo"*H05ot-cic-oHoncixot-t-e:

ocicfto co ia co ««lO ** rH CO rH CI H CT * ^ C?

*H •saij^aqii jo jaqranj^;

l-HCOrH©lOCOaOCOHHCOC-©'<XrHH<t-COCl©t-00-*Clt-rHCICO <M HI rH IO ft W HpO •suotssih uo saeqraei\[ HH©©!NiHt-HICOCOCOlO co co 00 -«i co <NrHrHlQCOa0CO-*COCl saeogjo ejpjjs pnu IBJ3U80 Ji 1 s^isxa ©t~rHC^CO©00C^lOH<©inClcOC0rHHI00COrHrHloia©CICOHIt-CCU0u5ift

HWC1H rH rH rH i-trHClrHtHXr-'rH Cl Cl CI CO •panTj; s^uantiuioddv 1 co t- * in cm t- rH ©(MCI HH CO © © HI HI <JEh hcq Ph i-h •3JTOqo*I -H COCN HI Cirt H0OH r-l •oisnj\[ Sniipnjs.ieqmn>i IC iC iC I- 10—

luatn UJaAo-o hajo HuiKpnjs sjaqniaj\[ 30 jaqrnnj^ rt ^ ex CO rt "IS CM rH t- "CT Cl r, (M rt US rH Cl co CI <M in w CO •snouBJBdejj etnon CO CM CO pajOAisny snoi^sanf) na^u^l OHaHHOClOfflCT-* COHC-l rH T« rH CO rH Cl Cl rH •* CO CO IO C- OOlnOCll.giOg •saspjoxg; ib^oj, pireao oo^MHintoaificot-iowcc-xcoctooojxr.nxtr-ciot-M^oo i': -r h x ^ ci o ci 10 t- co ir.

t r- r- i - i O^tOt-Xt-CT-^l «?^OiCO(MOO(^COHCOCOiOClCOCO^COa^-CXClXrtHi-i co co -# 10 ** cc 6H «i rn Oh hi s X H Q r3 wXw COH<aO©COrHCOCO©HIUOCOHH©CO©rHt-©©©©ClrHHICCCl©ClCl©CO rHrHCOt-t-CIC-00 WHO CIHir-©rH00©COi-HlOinrHir:

CI IO rH CI © rH rH CI CI CO O IO rH •snoauBtiaosij\[ © CO CO CO IO 00 CO lOOOHICOCOCOrHCO rH©CI r-l Cl C- -* © CO U0 CO IO 00 co •sSaipeag; ipaias cot-iaooHHci-* ClOOOlflH IO O^H C5 Cl COr-llft sjadBj 's h Ift 00 to CO IC 00 CO «Q0 t*< iH CD « rH lOCOXKifl •s^Bssg Cl CD Cl CO rH iH 00 t- CO CO -* I dlOHOUSCOcOWHCO^H-^CliMOOOitDOlCn 00 Cl id r-i CO i-H CM 1-1 rH rH d CO rH i-H •S91J9S 'I 'K:sSuTpB©a CO CD rH Cl rH •«*< rH rH rHOO Cl CO CO CO 5^rni C ft "2 g<3 oJ c ce--: g cs - r.-9* J«i c ft » cs cs a> g.-.- _.

_. „_ _ r „* -r* J*,* ^jXinmoQftW^wSSSSSoPHftcctBccwcoccajcccotoE-iPPrtrS

OUR CHILDREN.

It is of the utmost importance that we should know our children; and in order to do this, we have to make of each child a careful study, as dispositions and temperaments differ so widely.

A lady told us that one of her children seemed to have no fear of being plnced to sleep in a lonely room, while the other would be thrown into a condition of nervousness, that caused a cold perspiration to stand in beaded drops, while his e'yes seemed fairly starting from his head.

Before the mother fully realized the nervous condition of her child—thinking as many an inexperienced one has, that it would overcome its fear—its nerves were irreparably injured.

While one child will be loud in its resentment for a real or fancied wrong, another will bear its grief in so repressed a manner as to experience a physical injury.

One of our little ones, almost from its earliest toddling, formed the habit, whenever thwarted, of going and laying his little face upon the ground, and whispering to

Mother Nature of his troubles.

Well, she took him to her faithful bosom while young, and now what would we not give to have known what he told her?

A mother told us that she had a child she thought very obstinate for some length of time and usually spoke to it in a loud tone of voice, or in an impatient manner, because of its supposed obstinacy.

This treatment had the effect of throwing the child into a nervous condition that prevented it from exercising its will power.

Later, when shown her mistake, through the wisdom of a friend, she adopted a more gentle regime that left the child free to exercise its own will, and in the course of time it became one of the most amiable of children, but it had been too much injured for recovery, and the mental faculties were permanently weakened through the nervous excitement it had endured.

Some children are unduly precocious, and consequently are unduly praised;

while other children, moreslow to mature, have to bear much unnecessary pain through being rudely slighted or censured.

Of the two mental conditions, that of slow unfolding should be preferred, as there seems to be a greater solidity ot growth and attainment in this way. Many very prominent characters have in infancy been considered dull.

It is a sad thing when a child, naturally possessed of a rich nature and exquisite sensibilities, is misunderstood, and so repressed and thwarted that the wine of his nature becomes vinegar.

Mothers, study your children so that you may know how to coax each tender little bud into a lovely blossom;

and always remember you are preparing your children for two lives—this life, which may be made very useful, and the larger life to come.

Phren Journal.

THAT'S THE WAY!

Just a little every day.

That's the way!

Seeds in darkness swell and grow,

Tiny blades push through the snow.

Never any flower of May Leaps to blossom in a burst.

Slowly—slowly—at the first.

That's the way!

Just a little every day.

Just a little every day, That's the way!

Children learn to read and write,

Bit by bit, and mite by mite.

Never any one, I say, Leaps to knowledge and its power;

Slowly—slowly—hour by hour.

That's the way!

Just a little every day.

St. Nicholas.

He who waits to do a great deal of good at once, will never do anything.

.S". Johnson.

It is as common for men to change their taste as it is uncommon for them to change their inclination.

Rochefoucauld.

If you wish for a clear mind, strong muscles, quiet nerves, and a long life, avoid all drinks but water.

Silliman Punishment is the recoil of crime; and the strength of the back-stroke is in proportion to the original blow.

COMPREHENSIVENESS OF THE GOSPEL.

If there were anything lacking to make one humble in spirit, it seems to me that this presence would be sufficient to accomplish that work.

My heart goes out in most fervent prayer that the Lord will assist by the presence of His Spirit in the efforts to be made in speaking upon the subject that has been announced—"The

Comprehensiveness of the Gospel."By that term we mean the Gospel as embracing all religious truth.

It could be claimed, and that with perfect propriety, that the Gospel—which is the science of theology, nothing more and certainly nothing less than that—embraces more than what may be strictly regarded as religious truth; that it embraces all truth, whether in heaven or in earth; and that limiting the subject to what is usually recognized as religious truth, narrows down the sphere which properly belongs to this great science, to limits exceedingly narrow and inconvenient.

Yet having paused long enough to recognize the fact that a broader interpretation could be given to the term, and that in its broadest sense it might be considered as embracing all truth;

yet in this more restricted sense, as a system embracing all religious truth, we shall find sufficient ground to offer the reflections which we have to present on this occasion.

When we say the Gospel embraces all religious truth, we mean that it comprehends all principles relating to man's salvation.

It includes all facts in relation to God, relative to His nature, His attributes, His character, and man's relationship to Deity—all this is found in the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

All principles, the knowledge of which and acceptance of which is essential to man's salvation, are found within the Gospel.

All ordinances necessary to forgiveness of sin, or to the obtaining of power to overcome weaknesses, and develop fully the moral and spiritual excellence contemplated in the Gospel of Jesus Christ—all this is to be found in the Gospel.

All gifts and graces, including the spiritual gifts of the * Lecture delivered by Elder B. H. Roberts, at the General Conference of the Y. M. M. I. A., in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, June 5, 1892.

Gospel, the gift of knowledge, of wisdom, of faith, of discernment of spirits, of revelation, of speaking in tongues, of interpreting tongues, all these and if there be any other good thing—all things that are virtuous, all things that are of good report, all things that are praiseworthy, or that are honest, or true, or lovely, all all is included in the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

From the Gospel comes the Church of

Christ.

The Church is the means by which the Gospel is promulgated in the earth, by which it is made known to the children of men.

It is also that system of ecclesiastical government which controls those who embrace the Gospel, in religious concerns.

The Church not only spreads abroad the Gospel and the knowledge of it, but unto the Church also is entrusted the execution of the divine law, including the infliction ofpenalties upon those who violate it—atleastso far as relates to their membership and standing in the Church. As to the rest of the penalties that shall be inflicted upon those who transgress the divine law, the Master has reserved it in

His own hands;and in His own time and in

His own way He will minister that punishment that shall be due for the violation of that law, having due respect unto the relative claims of justice and mercy.

The Church of Christ will teach the Gospel of Christ, and it will teach that Gospel in its fulness.

Those who are entrusted with its ministry, since they are clothed with divine power, will possess the greatest gifts, the highest spiritual powers, an abundance of God's grace, to qualifythem for the great work to which the Church is called. Consequently, within the lines of the Church we may look for the highest manifestations of spiritual power, and the excellence that shall far exceed anything that will be hoped for beyond the pale of the Church.

Having laid down this proposition, I ask you now to pause here, and keep these points in mind while we consider a few other facts essential to the thought we wish to develop.

Mormonism is a strange thing to the world, and

COMPREHENSIVENESS OF THE GOSPEL.

we need not wonder at it.

It is a marvelous thing to the world;

is it not a marvel likewise to us? May not the world demand with some consistency to know why Mormonism exists?

I think they may; and we should be ready to give an answer to that question.

Why has it come into being?

What necessity is there for it?

In order to get that answer before the minds of those making such inquiries, they would need have patience with us while we tell them that

Mormonism is the Gospel of Jesus Christ restored again to the earth.

It is not new.

It has not led up to the worship of any new God.

It does not require the children of men to acknowledge and bow down to any new Redeemer.

It has no new Gospel to preach to the world; on the contrary, it is the old Gospel.

As we sometimes sing in one of our hymns:

"What was witnessed in the heavens?

Why, an angel, earthward bound;

Had he something with him bringing?

Yes—the Gospel—joyful sound It was to be preached in power

On the earth, the angel said;

To all men, all tongues and nations,

That upon its face are spread.

Had we not before the Gospel?

Yes, had several taught by men,

Then what is this latter Gospel?

T*is the first one come again."

What then?

Was the Gospel of Jesus Christ, after it was introduced by His personal ministry,—after a knowledge of it was brought to mankind, at so great a cost,—is it possible that it was again taken from the earth, that there must needs be a restoration of it in these days?

That is the statement that we have to make to t>ie world.

And while this is a theme sufficient of itself for more time than we have to devote to this entire subject, I shall at least trespass so 'ar upon your attention as to call your minds to one or two remarkable prophecies relating to these events.

Lt is generally supposed that the early Apostles of Jesus Christ were much mistaken about the early return of the Messiah in glory to the earth;

but Paul in writing to the Thessolonians, dispels, at least to some extent, this idea, for he says:

"Now we beseech you brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus

Christ, and by our gathering together unto Him.

That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter, as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand.

Let no man deceive you by any means;

for that day shall not come, except there be a falling away first, and tfiat man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition.

Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he, as God, sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God.

Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?

And now ye know what withholdeth, that he might be revealed in his time.

For the mystery of iniquity doth already work; only he who now letteth [hindereth] will let, [hinder] until he be taken out of the way.

And then shall that wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming."(2 Thes.

ii.

1—8.) Notwithstanding this passage the disciples of Jesus looked forward with fond hope to the day when the Son of God would return in the clouds of heaven, with power and great glory.

We understand very clearly from what Paul says, however, that before that day could come,—thatglorious, blessed day—there would be a long night of Apostacy spreading its sable mantle over the world.

But the darkness was partially dispelled by a few fragments of truth, that lingered in the traditions of men.

As the darkness of night is relieved by the stars in heaven, so has this great night of apostacy been relieved to some extent by these few fragments of truth that have remained with men.

Paul clearly predicts this apostacy.

I shall call your attention to another passage, bearing also upon the same subject.

When John was confined upon the Isle of Patmos, a prisoner for

Christ's sake, among the many glorious

COMPREHENSIVENESS OF THE

GOSPEL.

visions given to him relating to the future, he beheld a mighty angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting Gospel to preach to them that dwell upon the earth.

I had better read the passage:

"And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting Gospel to preach unto them that dwell on on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people.

"Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to Him, for the hour of His judgment is come."Our esteemed Christian friends may take that passage and analyze it how they will, and they can but get this one solemn fact out of it, that in the#hour of God's judgment, the earth would be without the Gospel, because an angel was to come from heaven to earth, restoring it: and according to this prophecy, is [to be preached to every nation, every kindred, every tongue, and every people;

this being proof positive to those who accept divine prophecy as history reversed, that in the hour of God's judgment the earth would be without the Gospel.

In fulfilment of that great prediction Mormonism has come into existence.

That angel whose coming is predicted by the visions of John visited the boy prophet, Joseph Smith, and through him has restored the Gospel to the earth in all its fulness, and the power and authority to administer it among all nations.

It is being preached as a witness to all the world before the end shall come.

This great event, ushered in the dispensation of the fulness of times.

By the dispensation of the fullness of times we mean the dispensation that will include all other dispensations.

If there have been truths peculiar to any dispensation preceding this, it will find its way into this dispensation.

Even as the rivers and the brooks of the earth eventually find their way into the ocean, so, likewise, shall all former dispensations find their way into this dispensation and be included by the circle that bounds it.

If what we said in relation to the comprehensiveness of the Gospel is generally true, it is especially true of the Dispensation of the fullness of times.

Within it shall be found all that is true, all that is virtuous, all that is of good report.

There are other principles that claim our attention, in developing our thought upon this subject.

These I may arrange under what may be called the Positiveness of the Gospel.

We mean by that that there is nothing else that can take the place of the Gospel.

In that system ofphilosophy introduced by Confucius, we see much that is true and good.

We see there at least a system of morality, if not of religion that has swayed the lives of millions of our Father's children.

But much as we may admire it,—and many of its precepts are indeed glorious,—that system of philosophy cannot take the place of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

We look upon the teachings of Mahomet, a mixture of good and of evil, but with more good in them, perhaps, than men are generally inclined to admit.

The faith of Mahomet has done much toward redeeming a portion of our Father's children from darkness.

Still Mohometanism cannot take the place of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

In the Christian world we see much that is good there, men of advanced thought, men who were heroes, and perhaps prophets in their day, devoted themselves to the cause of truth.

We see some of the fragments of truth that were left after, the great apostacy in their hands. From these, men concocted schemes of salvation, and creeds and churches sprang into existence.

Among these was much of good.

But these fragments of truth, each standing alone or in the aggregate, cannot take the place of the great system of perfect truth that we have in the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

Men, distrusting the power of apostate

Christianity to work permanent good, and to bring the world out of its darkness, its ignorance and its crime up to a better condition, have undertaken to make refined education, painting;

statuary, beautiful architecture, splendid surroundings to take the place of the Gospel of Jesus Christ;

but it is all in vain.

The Gospel is positive.

We have it recorded in Holy Writ that there is no other name given among men, whereby

COMPREHENSIVENESS OF THE GOSPEL.

we may be saved but the name of Jesus

Christ.

When the great Master was sending forth His desciplesto preach the Gospel to the world, He said, "Go Into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.

He that believeth, and is baptized shall be saved; but he thatbelieveth not shall be damned."

Many may think that this is narrow, contracted, that it is not consistent with the breadth of thought that is characteristic of the age, and that toleration in the world, which is ready to recognize! good wherever it shall be found.

To say that there is but one true system of religion, that there is but one plan of life and salvation, seems indeed to smack somewhat of bigotry, and there are those who would be willing to reject this proposition upon that ground.

But that appearance of bigotry, that appearance of narrowness and of contracted view, disappears when another great fact is known, and that is, that the Gospel of Jesus Christ endureth forever, and that it is as everlasting as the love of God.

Those who fail either to hear it in this life, or to sufficiently comprehend it that they become wedded to it, and accept of its joys here, when they shall find themselves in another state of existance, they will find beside them the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and the hand of God stretched out to grasp their hand, so soon as they shall reach out in His direction.

Men always will have the glorious privilege of repenting;

and in the economy of God, will always be found means of reaching men with the ordinances of the

Gospel.

Man may drive compassion from his heart; but God never does; man may think that the few brief years between the cradle and the grave, fix eternally and irrevocably the condition of man.

But the Gospel is not bounded by lines so narrow as these; on the contrary the Scripures give us to understand that the Gospel is proclaimed in the spirit world, in all its purity and power. And if these things are comprehended they take away the appearance of narrowness, and bigotry which a mistaken notion concerning the

Gospel of Christ has engendered in the minds of men.

The great prophet Joseph Smith, laid down this principle that there is a law irrevocably decreed in the heavens, before the foundations of this earth were laid, to the effect that all privileges and all blessings are predicated upon conditions, and those who attain to these blessings, do so by complying with those conditions or laws;

otherwise they cannot claim them.

Thus, through faith and through repentance, men come to baptism for the remission of sins, and thence to the principle of laying on hands for the reception of the Holy Ghost.

This is the law, and it has been decreed in heaven, that those who attain to these blessings—the forgiveness of sins and the possession of the Holy Ghost—must comply with the conditions upon which they are based. And there is no escaping this conclusion.

But we have the glorious assurance that these means of salvation shall be within the reach of all the sons and daughters of God.

Would you confine the efforts of Mutual

ImprovementAssociations within the lines of the church? Would you encourage no leaping over those boundaries to search after truth?

What is the need of it since those boundaries surround all truth?

But are there not passages of Scriptures that seem contrary to that?

Perhaps some of you will remember the circumstance of a number of the apostles coming to Jesus and saying:

"We saw one casting out devils in Thy name, and he follows not us.

And we forbade him.

And Jesus said.

Forbid him not, for he that is not against us is for us."The man possessed some power.

He seemed to be doing good, and it would be foolishness in the extreme to prohibit his well doing.

But how foolish, how absurd indeed, would it be, for the apostles, because they found this man exercising one, just one, of the gifts of the Gospel, to run after him—to forsake the whole for a part How absurd that would have been, when Jesus had conferred upon them the power to do like works, and mightier works than these.

It seems to be the disposition of men to be so 'enchanted with a single principle of truth, that when they have found it, they seek

^COMPREHENSIVENESS ^OF THE GOSPEL.

not for the whole of it, but content themselves with one poor fragment thereof.

In the year eighteen hundred and fortyeight, in New York, where the Gospel took rise in these last days, lived a family by the name of Fox.

The members of this family discovered mysterious rappings in their house, and after a time, they succeeded in establishing an understanding between the knocking and themselves.

After trying to solve the mysfery for some length of time, one of the elder daughters said to the rapping, "do as I do,"and she observed for every knock that she gave, she received a response. Then, going through the motion of snapping her fingers, to her surprise the knocking responded to that, so that the cause of the rapping could see as well as rap.

In answer to the question of how old she was, she received a reply by so many knocks.

The question of how many children were in the family, was answered in the same way, the answer being correct in all instances.

These means of communication started in that way, and thus modern spiritualism sprang into existence.

Men then, outside of the church, have discovered that there are spiritual agencies, and that they have the power of communicating with them.

I do not call this in question.

I grant you there is much fraud,much deception, connected with spiritualism, as there is much fraud and deception thrown around all facts of this character.

But I believe there is a force in it, for I believe that men have the power of communication with the unseen world through that channel, and they perhaps receive replies to messages sent there.

But shall the Latter-day Saints run after those who dabble in those things?

If they do, would they not be reproved by the word of one of the ancient prophets, who said: "And when they say unto you, seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep and mutter, should not a people seek unto their God for the living to hearfrom the dead?"In the Holy Priesthood God has established a channel of communication between the heavens and the earth.

I know this is true.

Through the Gospel has been opened a communication, whereby we receive intelligence from God, and through no such uncertain means as tappings and mutterings, but by direct revelation, and by the ministration of angels.

How unworthy appears this other means of communication when it is held up in contrast with that beautiful system and order of communication between God and His church upon the earth!

How absurd would it be for men who have these wide channels of communication open to them, to run after these other mysteries, for the purpose of getting information irom the'other world!

Men blessed with peculiar powers, heal the sick; and the "Christian Science Healing"makes its appearance.

Occasionally some man comes into our midst, and heals the sick, and to some this appears such a marvel and wonder, that they are ready to run after such a one, and account him a wonderful man. Why should the Saints run after such?

Is there any need of it? Hath not the Savior said unto

His servants, "Ye shall lay hands on the sick in my name, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick."What need is there of going after those who possess this one gift, when in the church we have the gifts of healing, and numerous others, among them the gift of revelation communication from the other world?

There are men coming into our midst with some of these fragments of truth to which I have alluded as having been left after the Church of Christ was taken from the earth.

They come into our midst, and they take these fragments of truth, combine them, polish, embellish and present them in a pleasing manner, by the gifts of oratory, that man-made learning teaches.

They beautify these principles, andpresent them with smoothness of speech, with attractive delivery, and some are disposed to run after them. Why should they do it?

Everything good that the eloquent orator can say, everything that is lovely, and virtuous, everything that can be held up for the admiration of the world is within the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

39» PROPRIETIES IN PRAYER.

Go, speak with any of those who thus minister to mankind, and tell me what they can do for you.

Is there one of them that can baptize you for the remission of your sins?

No, they have not authority to do that.

Can they lay on hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost?

No, that is beyond their power.

Can they seal a wife unto you for time and for all eternity, by which act your union with your companion shall be sanctified forever Can they do that?

No;

here they are powerless, for they have not the authority and the Priesthood of God.

Then, shall men leave the whole and run after these fragments of truth?

How absurd it would be, after the sun goes down, and we see it gilding the tips of these glorious mountains of ours, here and there kissing a black cloud into gold and purple—how absurd, how foolish it would be to say that that cloud, so beautiful is the sun itself

That would be folly in the extreme, but the other thing to which I have referred would be equally foolish.

Imagine, if you will, an experienced man, who has made a success of life, and dwells in a palace, surrounded with all the comforts of life.

Imagine the matron who has walked by his side through life, tasting with him of its joys and ills and who now dwells with him in a beautiful home, surrounded with children and servants, and everything necessary to the perfect enjoyment of life.

Imagine them leaving this mansion, and with a few broken dishes seeking the sand-hills for the purpose of playing at keeping house Imagine a staid and intelligent man who has reaped every field of human knowledge, which he has converted into wisdom by experience, crawling into the cradle of his infancy, pleased again with his bib and rattle, and asking for a repetition of the fairy tales which pleased his child-hood fancy!

Imagine anything that is absurd and ridiculous; and I match it with those who would leave the fair fields of God in a vain attempt to fatten upon the dreary moors of sectarian creeds, strewn with the dry husks of a dead theology!

Nothing can be more absurd than this.

Those who would leave the whole for the part, I call back to the boundaries of the Church of Christ.

I promise you that in its atmosphere there is room for every intellectual wing, there is space for every ambition worthy of righteousness.

If you desire to bless mankind, work with the Church of Christ, for it is engaged, with God, to bring to pass the eternal life and happiness of man.

I can conveive of no labor greater than this.

Is it not worthy the highest intelligence among men?

It is worthy the intelligence and love of God, to say nothing of man!

What a field of labor is here!

Broad as the earth, deep as eternity, lasting as the love of God Himself.

What more do you want than such a field of labor as this?

Charity, humility, reverence for God, will qualify you for the work. And as Professor Talmage so beautifully said this afternoon, whether you have one talent or ten, here is the field where you may develop them.

And I promise you that you will never reach the boundary lines of so great a work.

God bless you.

Amen.

PROPRIETIES IN PRAYER.* My Brethren and Sisters:—While I speak to you for a few moments upon the proprieties, and possibly upon some of the improprieties, of prayer, I desire *Discourse delivered by Apostle F.M.Lyman, at the General Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. A., in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Sunday evening, June 5th, 1892.

that you will each offer a silent prayer in your hearts, asking the Lord to assist His servant by His Holy Spirit; and that shall be my first word in regard to the proprieties in prayer.

And let this be a never-forgotten lesson to the young men in Israel, and to all others, that whenever an Elder stands up to speak to the

PROPRIETIES IN PRAYER.

people, all hearts of those who have faith in the Gospel, shall offer up a silent prayer, asking God to bless His servant with the Holy Spirit.

Our Savior, in his sermon upon the Mount, said:

"And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues, and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men.

Verily, I say unto you, They have their reward.

But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret, and thy Father, which seest in secret, shall reward thee openly.

But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.

Be not ye therefore like unto tfyem:

for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of before ye ask him.

After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.

Thy kingdom come.

Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven.

Give us this day our daily bread.

And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors.

And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.

For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever.

Amen."The Latter-day Saints, I presume, have learned to feel and appreciate the imporance of prayer, equally to any other people, but like the Saints in the days of the Savior, we sometimes need some suggestions to aid us in our prayers;

in our family prayers;

in our prayers for opening and closing meetings of various kinds; our prayers in the blessing of the

Sacrament our prayers in ordaining, confirming, etc.

There are a great variety of prayers that the Elders of

Isra'el are expected to offer up day after day, including our family prayers.

We find that in a revelation given to Brother Joseph, in early times, after the establishment of Zion in Missouri, to the Saints that were established there, the Lord announced that those who did not attend to their prayers, in due season, should be had in remembrance before the common Judge. The prayers in the morning, the prayers at night before retiring to rest, in the family circle,—these should be attended to in every household, and in these prayers, as in all others, we should remember the injunction of the Savior, that we should not do as the heathen do, indulge in vain repetition, or feel that we are to be heard because of our much speaking.

Prayers should be offered under the direction and inspiration of the Almighty, and this should be a lesson to be learned by every Elder in Israel, to learn to subject himself to the Spirit of the Lord, in all his prayers, and in all the ordinances of the Gospel.

But we find that brethren who pray much, sometimes are in the habit of offering up their family prayers in opening meetings, and in closing meetings, and on other occasions.

Now the morning prayer should be suited to the circumstances and conditions of the family, whatever they are.

The circumstances of the family differ from morning to morning and from evening to evening, almost as much as our meetings vary,—ward meetings, fast meetings, sacramental meetings, conference meetings, priesthood meetings, association meetings of various kinds, and other gatherings, as we are in the habit of opening other gatherings besides worshipping meetings, with prayer.

In fact it was our habit at one time, and possibly is today among the Saints in some parts of the land, to open their business meetings with prayer.

It is quite proper that this should be done.

Legislative bodies are frequently opened by prayer—Congress and other bodies of that kind.

And it is quite suitable that when we meet together, for the transaction of business in the interests of the Saints of God, and the interests of the Kingdom, we should offer up a prayer to the Lord, and ask His blessings upon us in our labor, and in our counsel; and when this is done, I wish to draw your attention to this fact, that when offering up a prayer at the beginning of a business meeting, it would be quite improper for us to offer up a family prayer.

It would not be suitable for us to offer up a

4<x> PROPRIETIES IA PRAYER.

business prayer in the opening of a con ference, or in the opening of a ward or a

Priesthood meeting. A prayer should be suited to the occasion, just as we suit an ordination to the circumstances.

If we are ordaining a High Priest, we offer the prayer to the Lord, and in His name, and in His stead we offer a prayer upon the head of our brother, suited for ordaining him a High Priest.

We find that we learn something of the proprieties in regard to these things, by the examples that have been set us.

They are not very numerous, but when

John the Baptist ordained the Prophet Joseph and Oliver to the Aaronic Priesthood, if

I remember correctly, he used about these words: "Upon you, my fellow servants, in the name of Messiah, I confer the Priesthood of Aaron."These were the words of the ordination.

True, he said a few more words of instruction, and informed them in regard to the nature of the Priesthood, and how long it should remain upon the earth;

but when he had said the words I have quoted, those men were ordained to the

Aaronic Priesthood.

Another example is given to us in the Book of Mormon, in the history of the Nephrites, showing that the form they used was very simple.

After meeting together, and.offering up a prayer, suited, no doubt for the ordination meeting, they would lay their hands upon the head of the candidate in the name of Jesus Christ, and ordain him a Teacher, or a Priest, or an Elder, as the case might be.

They did not use many words.

In confirming after baptism, as we have no form given, it is only necessary that the candidates be confirmed members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints, and that the brother officiating confer upon them the Holy Ghost, in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.

These are about the words that are necessary, and when this is done, a man is confirmed just as well as though a very long prayer was offered over his head.

We have fallen into the habit of offering very long prayers, tedious ones, over the heads of persons who are baptized and are being:

confirmed members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

This should not be done.

We ought to confirm them and then stop and leave the Patriarchal Blessing to the Patriarch, whose duty it is to confer Patriarchal Blessings upon the heads of the people.

In the opening of meetings, such as conferences, and other kinds of meetings, the brother should at one thought and glance take in the situation, as the brethren have done in regard to this conference;

as to what they should speak upon, or who should speak, or who should pray.

This, however, is an exception to the rule.

I do not know that I was ever notified before to speak upon a special subject, and it has worried me somewhat;

it has annoyed me; we are not used to that arrangement. We are usually called from the stand, without a moment's warning, and hence it is important that Elders should have true ideas in regard to these matters, so that when they are asked to open a meeting, they should pray for the opening, and ask the Lord to bless us according to what the meeting is.

If it is a Young Men's Conference, we should ask the Lord to bestow the very counsels that these young men require, as the Holy Ghost is competent to inspire the servants of the Lord to give;

and in dismissing we should ask the blessing of the Lord upon the congregation, and what has been said, and commit ourselves to the care of the Lord.

It is not necessary to offer very long and tedious prayers, either at opening or closing.;

and it is not only not pleasing to the Lord for us to use excess of words, but it is not pleasing to the Latter-day Saints.

I have known Elders—I speak of those who are called upon to pray in the opening of a meeting,—to pray for five, ten, or fifteen minutes, and sisters standing on the outside, in the rain; not only one sister, but a dozen of them, and some with babies in their arms.

This is often the case when long, tedious prayers are offered up at the opening of a meeting.

I have said many times that two minutes will open any kind of a meeting, and a half minute will close it; and then

PROPRIETIES IN PRAYER.

no one need become wearied. A closing prayer ought to be brief, especially when we indulge in long sermons and opening prayers.

And then, as I said before, we ought to take into account the occasion, and let the prayer be suited exactly to it.

I would state that a little of the Spirit of the Lord will not interfere with us or make us do wrong in these matters.

But I sometimes think our habits control us more strongly than the Spirit of the Lord.

We want to study these things.

And I say it in the presence of these assembled young men in Israel, offer short prayers, and of all things avoid vain repetitions and particularly the repetition of the name of Deity, and the name of the Savior. Now, it is quite a common thing—if you will think of it, it is almost universal to-day in the Church—that we open every prayer in the name of Jesus Christ, and then we close it in His name, and possibly use His name a few times through the prayer.

If we approach the Father, and offer our petitions to him, and then close in the name of Jesus Christ, it is all sufficient.

I say there is no prayer so great and important that it is necessary to use in that prayer more than once the name of the

Son of God and of the Father.

And we ought to avoid the repetition, or the two frequent use of the name of Deity in our prayers.

If you notice, I will warrant that you will find the next Elder you hear ordaining or confirming will commence in the name of the Savior, and then close again in His Name; and I cannot find an instance where an example of that kind is set, in ancient or modern times, in ordination or confirmation.

You will find that the use of the name of Deity is very carefully guarded and that of the Savior also.

We ought to think in regard to these matters; and it is better, young men, for you who are starting out to start correctly.

We ought to have these things upon our minds, because every man who bears the Priesthood, is liable to be called upon to perform missions and to do service in the ministry at home.

We ought to think in regard to these things, and take some valuable lessons from others who have read much, and have some experience and practice; and then we ought to arrange our prayer suitably to each and every occasion.

I want to say that in the presence of these young men, and it will not do any harm to some of the older ones.

Some reformation is necessary to be made in another matter.

It is not necessary on every occasion to pray for everything and for everybody, but we sometimes get in the habit of doing it. We have our prayer meetings in the morning and at night, and our prayers then may be devoted to general purposes.

We have our fast meetings for fasting and prayer and it is quite suitable then for us to offer up prayers for general purposes, but when a meeting is to be opened or closed, on any special occasion, I say that the Elders in Israel should suit their prayer for that purpose and occasion.

And noticing those who are most correct in such matters, we can learn in this while getting correct habits for ourselves, if we only think of the proprieties to be studied in regard to these things.

Avoid praying to be seen or heard of men;

avoid these things, but let your prayers be unto the Lord.

If you pray to open a meeting like this, one propriety that should be thought of is to speak loud enough for all to hear, and the same when the Sacrament is administered.

Then, another propriety is, when the prayer is said and is closed, and the Elder says, 'Amen,"every man and woman that is in the place, and expects to partake of the Sacrament, ought to say "Amen"audibly.

I desire to give that instruction as one of the proprieties that all should say "Amen"at the end of a prayer.

As a rule a few of the brethren are heard to speak it, but the great majority never make a sound at the close of the prayer.

There should be an audible, not a boisterous "Amen,"if the prayer or the sermon has been satisfactory;

if the instructions are profitable, then it is proper for the brethren and sisters all to say "Amen."

I shall have to clos'e; and I would like this congregation, when I have finished

ADDRESS OF DR.

TALMAGE.

this discourse, if they can do so, to say "Amen"at the close of my talk.

I pray God to bless you, my brethren and sisters, and bless these young men that they may understand the proprieties in prayer, and shun the improprieties, and correct these latter better than their fathers have done.

This is my blessing upon you in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.

(General response of "Amen.") Very good.

ADDRESS OF DR. TALMAGE-* It is with surprise I find myself called upon to occupy a position of this kind this afternoon; inasmuch as the program for these meetings had already been announced before they began, thus making an exception to our usual procedure of worship.

But this exception seems subject to variation also.

As I look around upon the many eyes and faces before me, and realize something of the object that has brought the people together, my heart is moved with very peculiar and very deep emotions.

As this is not an ordinary gathering, it being a conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations, we have with us, of course, many from cities and towns other than this.

And when I see the promptness with which the Saints come together on occasions duly appointed for worship, or for special conference,

I am led to believe that a very great degree of sincerity dwells in their hearts.

In a brief conversation held with the president of the Mutual Improvement Associations in our neighboring stake on the south, I learned that about eight hundred people from the Improvement Associations of that stake came to Salt Lake City to-day to attend this conference;

and I know that very large delegations have come from other stakes.

This is proper in a general conference of this kind.

The object of our gathering is one which should in itself stir our hearts with its deep and solemn import.

This organization has about it that stamp of perfection which characterizes

Address delivered by Dr. J.

E. Talmage at the General Conference of the Y. M. M. I. A.,in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Sunday, June 5. 1892.

the Church proper, and all other organizations that have been established in this Church by proper authority and appointment.

In the prayer that was offered this morning, thanks were given to the Lord that He had acted upon the heart and mind of His prophet and servant, Brigham Young to set in order such associations as these, and to call this institution into existence.

It has not the appearance of a man-made organization.

Its benefits are too far-reaching;

the good that it has done is too great;

its influence is too extensive, to admit for a moment of belief that it has been established by human means and for human purposes only.

It is one of the beneficial factors in our great educational system.

An organization for mutual improvement is one that has almost a holy aim;

the purposes of it are surely most laudable.

We all should endeavor to be better today than we were yesterday; to be resolved by the help of God that tomorrow we will be better than we are today.

Even a little improvement every day is, I believe, a declaration unto all that we indeed have with us the Spirit of God for the Spirit of God is the spirit of growth it is the spirit of improvement.

We see it manifested all about us, that it is the spirit of love and labor that gives variety to the stones, color to the flowers, and sweet voices to the birds; that keeps the worlds moving in their spheres;

this is the spirit of growth and advancement.

We have been taught to look upcfti the organization of the world as having been founded upon the plan of improvement.

It is very true, the years pass by, as many days in one as in the other; the seasons

ADDRESS OF DR.

TALMA GE.

come in their order; the night follows the day; nevertheless, the day we now live in is not a mere repetition of a day that has gone before.

This day is not a mere imitation of yesterday, and tomorrow will be marked by some characteristics that will distinguish it from today.

There was a plan and a purpose in the organization of the human family, and that plan and purpose is one of advancement and progress.

Our existence upon this earth had a beginning.

It is a distinct course of life, running to the end, but that end will only be the beginning of another existence on a larger plan, an existence marked by degrees of improvement and advancement far exceeding in magnitude and rapidity this present existence. And it does my heart good to see so many of the youth of Zion assembled here under the banner of Mutual Improvement, thereby declaring that by the help of God they will give unto Him their energy, their ability, and their love, and serve Him during the days of their youth.

By this act they say that they do not believe it proper to neglect the Lord in the days of their youth and vigor, with the hope of serving Him when old age shall come unto them.

He who neglects the duty of to-day is characterized by every element of ignorance and lack of wisdom but he is progressive who fully realizes what is the duty of the present hour, and performs that duty.

The Lord loves a sacrifice, and if you devote your energy and your talents to Him, you have fully entered His service. He can make use of you, but do not put off the offering of your sacrifice until the days of your prime have passed He has use for all, old and young, learned and illiterate.

Come unto Him and offer the talents that He has given you to be employed in His service.

If He has given you but one talent, He asks you only to use that one, while he who has received more is expected to perform proportionately more work.

In the parable of the talents, the man who had received ten talents, when he came to render his account and showed that he had doubled them, because of wisdom and diligence in their use, was rewarded of his Lord who gave him dominion and power.

When the man came to Him that had received five, and showed that he had used them to best advantage he received a like reward.

Then the man came that had received but a single talent, and said, "Lord, I was afraid to use i'lest I should lose it;

therefore I digged in the earth and hid it away, that I might save it, and here I bring it back to thee, that that thou did'st give.

There is no improvement in this, there is no advancement, no progress, no increase, no characteristic of life about it.

It is dead;

it is like a statue of a man, preserving all the form of the body, but nothing more;

and here it is."And what said the Master?

Strong words of anger arose, not because the man had received but one talent, instead of five or ten, for if there were any fault in that, surely it was the Master's fault.

But in this, fault there was none.

The Master's anger arose because he had not used that talent, because he had not employed it, because he had not put it out at service, that it might have grown and increased, and brought in more.

The farmer that gains nothing but the seed he plants, is surely not in prosperous circumstances.

The one that can get nothing more than he has given will never increase in wisdom, knowledge, or wealth.

I am perfectly convinced that many of us have received but a single talent, in comparison with others that have received very many.

But, my brethren and sisters, young and old, let us see that we use the talent which we have received, in the service of God.

Let us dedicate it to His service, using it humbly before Him, ever praying that He will fill our hearts with the knowledge of how it should be employed.

We all know the parable in which the Savior taught His people in the days of old, regarding man's service to his Master.

A man who owned a vineyard, went out looking for servants whom he might employ to labor in it.

In the morning he brought some, later in the day he brought others; near the close of the day he hired still others; and when the day

4°4 ADDRESS OF DR. TALMA GE.

closed and they applied for their wages, he rewarded them not according to the hours they had served, but gave them all the same reward.

Hence, those who desire to excuse their lack of faithfulness in early life, declare that if we do give ourselves up to pleasure and the joys of the world for the time being, and come unto Him at the eleventh hour we will receive just as much favor and reward as.

if we serve Him during the heat of the day.

We can understand the Scriptures only by the spirit of the Scriptures, and

I do not believe that the spirit which actuated the Master in giving that lesson would lead to any such interpretation. Let us be careful about procrastinating the day of our entering the service of God, lest we are not called into the vineyard and cannot be admitted into the field of labor; but the vineyard shall be filled, and we shall be left without employment and without reward.

. The man that cannot serve his Master without delay.that cannoty ield and render ready obedience to all the requirements that He has made and is making of us continually, is not in the line of his duty. This being so, realizing, as we have been taught to realize, that our Father will require at our hands a report;

realizing that He will sit in judgment upon our actions; and that we must give an account for every word that is spoken, be it good or bad, and for every idle wish or thought, should we, as the youth of Zion, not be careful lest we find that thoughts, words, and deeds leading unto condemnation, are placed against us when we stand before Him to render this account?

My young brethren and sisters, as this is a gathering of the youth of the Mutual

Improvement Associations, I address my words unto you, and by so doing, unto myself.

To this great band of young men and maidens, known as the youth of

Zion, I would say, do we lack the elements of a good example in the truth?

Can we blame our parents, and teachers, and leaders for not giving unto us the precepts that are necessary?

After viewing the work which they have done and the knowledge with which they have endowed us, can we ever, though we labor with all the energy God has given us, can we ever surpass them in the results of our work?

God does not require exactly the same sacrifice which He required of His servants in days gone by. We are permitted to live in our pleasant homes, and associate with friends and kindred, except when we are sent as embassadors of our

Master to the world.

The great majority of the youth of Zion are at home, in the enjoyment of the beautiful elements that have been placed about them here.

Our fathers and mothers, many of them, were called away from their homes and had to travel over trackless deserts; and if our eyes could be opened to-day, and if we could turn them to the paths these men and women trod, we could mark their course across these dreary wastes by the blood-stains from their bruised and wounded feet.

But they came, realizing that it was their duty to come.

Impelled by that indefinable force and power that actuates heroes and heroines, they left fcheir homes in the east, and came to a forbidding waste.

They reached this land while it was still a desert, so dreary and so barren that men, who counted themselves wise in such matters, declared that they would give a vast sum of gold when the first crop could be raised here!

Still they came, and look about you now!

You see a place so desirable that the eyes of the world are directed hither.

The fame of our mountain home has gone abroad to all the nations.

We have a beautiful home here.

It is a lovely spot.

The favor, the peace, and the blessings of God have been over it from the first, and they are over it to-day.

When that duty was upon the people;

when they had to travel over barren deserts, unmarked by roads, led on only by the great impulse of the spirit within them, and by direction of the inspired apostles at their head, they came, trusting in God, and He has not forsaken them.

And the young men and the young women of to-day enjoy advantages of education and training which the older ones never enjoyed.

We have leisure and opportunities for improvement,

THE VALIANT CROWD."which never came to our fathers and mothers.

And let me ask of you, will we not have to give an account for those things to our Heavenly Master? Though we should labor with all the energy possible, we never can surpass the achievements of the great ones who have gone before us.

When an architect is planning a great building, and work begins upon the structure, the first thing is to place in the ground a firm and substantial foundation.

For this work men are needed who have hard hands, and bodies capable of great endurance.

This foundation is placed in position according to the design of the architect and it is laid broad and strong, and capable of supporting the weight of the great superstructure.

Then the walls are reared, and finally the roof is placed in position.

Then comes some of the lighter work, lighter, yet still necessary.

The walls inside must be plastered, and the woodwork must be painted and decorated, and all must be arranged to comport with the grand and noble nature and purposes of the structure.

There is little use here for hardest hands and brawniest arms.

I say there is but little use for these, but if the foundation had not been strong and substantial, what builder could have erected a substantial structure upon it?

Our fathers and mothers have laid the foundation of the great temple of this cause, under the guidance and direction of the Spirit of God.

It is broad and firm;

not a flaw has been found within it; not an indication of weakness has been pointed out, even by our enemies.

And now we are called to do other work upon that foundation hereafter. To a very great extent, the maintaining of this cause is in our own hands, and we are privileged for the time being to hold it, and exercise ourselves in its advancement.

If we prove ourselves unworthy of this sacred trust, it will be taken from us, and others found to take our places, for the Lord has said that the work shall go on.

He has said that it never again shall be thrown down, or given to another people. Our hearts, should swell with gratitude to our Father for His mercies unto us; and we should show it by offering prayers of gratitude day by day.

Young men and young women of Zion, let us seek to vindicate the honor of our sires;

let us seek to show by our personal integrity, manliness, devotion to duty.and faithfulress in labor, that we are worthy of this parentage.

Our Father in Heaven has deigned to call us His children, His sons and His daughters.

And if we know that we have claim to the descent that has been declared unto us, we have within us all the elements of energy and successful work.

Could it be otherwise, with the children of such a Father?

Have sufficient self-esteem to know who you are, young men and young women.

Let us remember who we are, and do nothing unbecoming the children of our august Parent.

May His Spirit be with us daily.

May it inspire us to do our duty continually.

May we ever live so as to show that we have made and are still making use of the talents He has given us, so that when the day of accounting comes, He may say to each of us, "Well done good and faithful servant."This is my prayer in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.

"THE VALIANT CROWD:"On one of those cold, dreary, stormy nights—when the wind whistled through the branches of the trees and moaned as it penetrated every nook and cranny in the rocks around our house—we, Bob Wallis, an old 49er, Joe Johnson, Walt Hanson, and myself, were seated in a semi-circle before the cheery fire. We were at House Rock, one of the ranches of the Kaibab Cattle Company, whither we had been sent to gather up "beef"steers, preparatory to our annual drive to Milford.

Bob was in a particularly reminiscent mood that evening, for we had eaten a good supper (that always made Bob good humored), and for three or four hours we sat and listened to his wild stories of Indian fights in Utah, Texas, Arizona, and New Mexico, and of shooting scrapes in California and on the Mexican border.

"THE VALIAh'l CROUP.

Bob was dressed in a suit of smoke and oil-tanned buckskin, a dress he affected both in summer and in winter.

In the firelight, his face, stern and bronzed, crowned with his luxuriant iron-gray,

Indian-like locks, together with his queer dress, made a picture I shall always remember.

One of his "yarns"impressed me more than the others, on account of the fact that I recently rode over the country with which the story deals.

As near as I can remember the story was as follows:

"Early in the seventies, when the California country was very thinly settled, I was one of the drivers on the Lone Dog stage line, ---and made my trips between Mason and Lone Dog, two small mining towns about eighty miles apart.

This distance we made in two days, a night stop being made at Kanar, a small village where the stage company had put up a good hotel and stable.

The road from Mason to Kanar was mostly level plain road, but just after leaving the night station, on our way to Lone. Dog, the road led up into the mountains, and many were the big hills and deep hollows on this line.

The deepest hollow was one which was called Dark Gulch, and it was a terror, too.

"Until the spring of '74 there were no robberies on the road, as the Pacific Express company had trusty men on, and the stage company was well prepared.

But in that spring, I was disagreeably surprised one morning, when a man met me, just as I was pulling out or Kanar, and said that the stage which had started the day before from Kanar had been held up and ten thousand dollars of the Express company's funds had been taken.

"I had a rich load on board myself, so

I stuck a couple of Colt's 44's in my belt and borrowed a Winchester. My passengers,*who were three cool frontiersmen, also armed themselves, and we would have made things hot for anyroad agents who would have had the temerity to hold us up.

"You can bet I kept my eyes wide open as we went along the canyon road, but nothing startling happened during the whole trip.

We picked up the passengers at Dark Gulch and fixed the coach, which had been overturned, so it could be taken away by the first team which would come along.

"Lone Dog was very much excited over the robbery, and a sheriff and posse was scouring the whole country, when we drew up into the station.

The passengers and driver who had been held up, were closely questioned by the leader of a, crowd of horsemen,.who were about to set out in search of the thieves, and they gave all the information they could.

"The robbers were not taken though all the country was scoured.

But nothing happened for a few months until my turn came.

"I had loaded up at Lone Dog one morning in the fall of '74, my passengers being two Lone Dog merchants, a mining expert, two miners, and the express agent, a very quiet sort of a chap, who was in charge of the box under my feet, which contained some thirty-two thousand dollars in gold.

"The agent, of course, took a seat beside me on the box, and a very good time we had too.

He was a new man in the country, but he looked like he had sand.

We chatted in a very broken way for some time and then he asked about holdups.

I told'him a gang had tried to hold up one of our stages a few days before, but that they had not succeeded in doing so.""'Well, if they've made the attempt that recently, I guess we have nothing to fear, so I will get inside for awhile and see if I can rest a little.'"I stopped and he got down and went inside.

What went on inside I got from him afterward, though he didn't want to say anything about it.

"He said when he got into the coach the talk was running on the recent attempt at a holdup and plans of action, in case of one on that trip, were being discussed.

"All of a sudden, when this talk was at its height, the mining expert, Bill Bolt, drew out a big pistol and said:

"Well, the cussed road agent that holds me up, will get filled so full of lead he'll sink if you throw him in the water. Here

"THE VALIANT CROUD:'is my old trusty, that's killed many a road agent.

"The merchants, and miners also showed guns, and indulged in some pretty tall bragging about what they would do; but Graham, the agent, dozed off in a dark corner and took no notice of what was being said, till suddenly Bolt asked in a peremptory manner where his gun was.

"None of the passengers knew who

Graham was.

So he answered with one of his quiet smiles, 'I guess I'll show my gun when there's occasion to use it.'"But this didn't satisfy the other passengers, and they didn't hesitate to call Graham a coward, because he showed the white feather before the robbers had shown up at all.

While the taunting was at its height, I drove down into Dark Gulch, and was coming into a little clear space near a bunch of oaks, when my leader was shot dead, and I saw a Winchester aimed at my heart.

"Knowing discretion to be the better part of valor, I climbed down in time to see one of the road agents step to the coach and invite the occupants to step down.

I expected the reply to be a volley of pistol shots, but to my surprise Bolt stepped out, looking as meek as a lamb, and was followed by what seemed to be all the rest of the passengers.

"They were quickly ranged in a line by the side of the coach, and one of the robbers leaned his Winchester against the coach and started to go through us, first taking our guns, which he tossed into the coach.

Another of the roadagents held us up with his Winchester, while we were going through this operation, while a third was busily engaged in getting out the express box.

"After the agent had passed me by and had taken all my valuables (I was the first on the line) I looked around and saw the express agent was not in the line.

Just as I was wondering what had become of him, the crack of a rifle sounded from the direction of the coach and the one who was guarding us dropped in his tracks.

"There was another crack and the one who was going through us, who had made a dash for his gun, dropped.

"Then I was whirled around and I saw the express agent and the remaining road agent, peppering at each other from the opposite ends of the coach.

"Grabbing the Winchester of the dead man, I, too, opened fire on the road-agent and soon disabled him with a shot in the right arm.

I took away his weapon and directed the passengers t» put him in the coach and to put his dead companion on top.

Then I cut loose the dead leaders and climbed upon the coach, saying "all aboard."The passengers all filed in and then Graham came to the door of the stage and said:

'"Gentlemen, I am sorry you do not want to ride with such a coward as

I am.

For that reason, and because I do not wish to ride with brave men like you.

I will take the box seat.'"Our drive to Kanar was uneventful, and on reaching there our prisoner was turned over to the authorities.

He was afterwards sentenced to twenty years in the penitentiary.

"Graham was rewarded handsomely by the Express company and is now a high official; but he always insists on being called 'the coward,'when he is with me.

"The other passengers on the eventful trip were thoroughly disgusted at the turn affairs had taken on the eventful trip, when their valuables had been saved by a man whom, a few minutes before, they had called a coward, and they were constantly reminded of their adventure by a nickname which was popularly given to them—'the valiant crowd.'"

Eugene J.

Young.

He that taketh his own cares upon himself, loads himself in vain with an uneasy burden.

Bishop Hall.

Prosperity shines on different persons much in the same way that the sun shines on different objects.

Some it hardens like mud, while others it softens like wax.

CHURCH

EMIGRATION.

Fifty-sixth Company—Ketinebec, souls.

January 10, 1852, in the morning, the Ketmebec, a new and commodious ship of one thousand and seventy tons register, went out of the Bramley-Moore Dock, at Liverpool, England, with three hundred and thirtythree souls of the Saints on board, under the presidency of John S. Higbee.

John Pack also returned from his mission on Jhis vessel, accompanied by about a dozen Saints from the Channel Islands.

He was appointed to act as a Counselor to

President Higbee, together with John Spiers, Thomas Smith and William C.

Dunbar, who all had presided over conferences.

Included in the number of Saints who emigrated in the Kennebec, were sixtynine passengers whose fare was paid by the Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company—the first ones who emigrated by that means.

Besides the Saints there were a number of Irish emigrants on board, who were not supplied with sufficient provisions to last them till the end of the voyage; but in order to lay in a sufficient supply, they stole all they possibly could from the mormon emigrants, who consequently had to go short themselves, and were compelled to subsist on half rations the last four or five days before landing. These Irish emigrants were taken on board because there were not

Saints enough to fill the ship.

Peace and harmony prevailed among the latter as a rule;

also good health;

the provisions and water were good, and wholesome, and included oat meal and pork;

but as the English did not like oat meal and the Scotch could not relish pork, they exchanged these articles of food with each other, to the great satisfaction of both parties.

The voyage throughout was a safe and pleasant one, with the exception of one terrific hurricane, which swept the deck clean of cook houses, water barrels, and everything else that could be washed overboard.

On the eleventh (or fourteenth) of March, 1852, the company arrived in New Orleans.

From.New Orleans the Saints who had crossed the Atlantic in the Kennebec continued the journey on board a small boat called The Pride of the West, and arrived at St. Louis, Missouri, about the end of March.

Soon after leaving New Orleans a young man, Snedden by name, fell or was accidentally thrown overboard and drowned;

his body was never recovered.

Some of the Kennebec Saints remained temporarily in St. Louis, but a number of those who continued the journey to the Valley that season only tarried in that city a few days; as they took passage on an old delapidated steamboat, the Saluda, which had been chartered by Elders Eli B. Kelsey and David J. Ross, to take a company of Saints up the river to Council Bluffs.

On the thirtieth of March she sailed from St.

Louis, with about one hundred and seventy-five persons on board, of whom about ninety were Saints, including a number of the passengers who had crossed the Atlantic in the Kennebec.

There were also some Saints from St.

Louis, and others from the State of Mississippi. The other Kennebec passengers came up the river subsequently on other boats.

The Saluda made but slow progress, as the floating masses of ice in the river made navigation very dangerous, but she finally reached Brunswick, about fifty miles below Lexington, where Elder Eli B. Kelsey and ten other brethren landed to buy cattle.

When the boat arrived at Lexington, on Sunday, April 4th, she was met by immense masses of ice, and the captain and boat crew, although making desperate efforts to proceed, found it impossible to make headway against the current and ice.

Consequently, after fighting with the stubborn elements for several hours, they were compelled to cross the river and tie up for the night on the opposite side from Lexington.

On the fifth the boat recrossed the river to Lexington, through the still floating ice, which broke the paddle wheels, making repairs necessary before the journey could be resumed.

On Friday morning, April 9th, 1852.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

the Saluda, which had been lying at the port of Lexington since the 5th, made another effort to get under way, the ice by this time having ceased running.

But in getting up steam to round a point just above Lexington, the engineers carelessly let the boilers get dry and red hot; and as the engines started, and the pumps forced the cold water in, the boilers burst to pieces with a tremendous noise, as the paddle wheels were making their second or third revolution. The explosion, which was heard and felt in every part of the city of Lexington, completely wrecked the whole boat, threw her chimneys and parts of the boilers and timbers in every direction, and destroyed the freight of the passengers, and the cargo generally. The boat sank ten minutes after the explosion.

"We have not heart to attempt a description of the scene,"writes the editor of the Lexington Express.

"Twenty-six mangled corpses collected together, and as many more with limbs broken and torn off, and bodies badly scalded—wives and mothers frantic at the loss of husbands and children—husbands and bereaved orphans engaged in searching among the dead and dying for wives and parents are scenes which we can neither behold nor describe;

yet such a scene was pre sented to the citizens of Lexington on Friday-good Friday-a day forever memorable in the annals of Christianity as the day that witnessed the redemption of man from endless death, and which will long be remembered by the passengers on that ill-fated Saluda as a day of sorrow and privation.

* The probability is that the number of killed and badly wounded is about one hundred.

Persons who witnessed the explosion say that several persons were blown into the middle of the river, and others were blown a considerable distance up the bluff;

one man, standing some distance on the shore was struck by a piece of timber and instantly killed."Captain Bell was blown half way up a steep embankment, together with the iron safe, in which the boat's papers were kept;

it was broken all to pieces, and the captain was killed.

Most of the baggage belonging to the emigrants was destroyed, but some of the merchandise on board, packed in tight barrels, and some iron ware, were saved.

During the night of April 8th—the night preceeding the morning on which thedisaster tookplace—the fine steamboat

Isabel had come up the river, and had tied up at a point a short distance below where the Saluda lay.

The passengers and crew of the Isabel were eye-witnesses of the explosion, and saw the bodies, and pieces of the doomed boat flying through the air;

they made heroic efforts to recover the bodies of those who were killed, as they floated past, but only a few of them were seen and secured.

Immediately after the accident, Captain Miller of the Isabel, generously offered a free passage to the Bluffs, with provisions, to all who wished to go.

Many accepted of the noble offer, and in three hours after the explosion had taken place, they were on their way up the river;

the remainder, including the wounded and their immediate relatives and friends, remained behind.

The citizens of Lexington and vicinity promptly assembled to adopt measures for the relief of the sufferers and such survivors as were stripped of their goods and supplies.

C.

R.

Morehead, Esq, was called to the chair, and John T.

Pigott appointed secretary.

A committee was appointed to raise means, another to bury the dead, a third to take care of the sick, and a special committee to take care of the orphans.

The sum of three hundred dollars was immediately subscribed by the city, and five hundred by the citizens for the burial of the dead, the care and comfort of the wounded and the relief of the distressed survivors.

The ladies of Lexington also took a very active part in affording relief to the wounded females, laying out the dead, and securing protection for the children who were saved.

Subsequently more means was raised, and the citizens throughout treated the unfortunate Saints with the greatest kindness and humanity.

In appreciation of this, Elders Kelsey, Smoot, Dunbar and David J.

Ross, united in a card of thanks to the citizens for their generous and noble conduct.

4io CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Elder Kelsey, who heard of the explosion while doing business at Gallatin,

Daviess County, Missouri, sixty miles north of Lexington, hastened to the scene of the disaster, where he arrived on Sunday, April the eleventh.

He immediately visited the wounded, and gave them such aid and comfort as was within his power.

Elder A. O. Smoot was with them already, having come up on the steamer Isabel, and witnessed the explosion.

Elder Kelsey endeavored to find out the exact number of persons killed and wounded, but in consequence of so many leaving so quickly and promiscuously on the Isabel, the true number and names of all the killed could not be ascertained, nor has such information been obtained since, so far as the writer of this article has been able to learn.

Elder Kelsey reported the following names of Saints killed:

Brother Rollins, and two children from

Mississippi;

two sisters Bailey, from Cambridge; Helen Dunbar (wife of

William C.

Dunbar) and two children (Euphemia, aged six years, and Franklin Lorenzo, aged one year, )from Scotland;

Sister Harry (wife of Owen Harry) from Wales; Brother J.

Sergent, and his little son, of Newbury (the little boy's body was not found);

Elder Whitehead of Birmingham, his mother, wife and two children (bodies not found), Elder Duncan Campbell, his wife and two children, of Greenock, Scotland (some of the bodies not found); and perhaps four or five others.

Among the Saints who were severely wounded were the following:

Sister Rachel Rollins, of Council Bluffs, and John T.

Mitchell, of Mississippi, who subsequently had their legs amputated;

Owen Harry, who was badly scalded;

Sister Sarah McKeachie (wife of Win.

McKeachie), whose spine was injured;

and Agnes Gillespie (wife of Alexander Gillespie), whose face and neck were badly scalded.

These are all who were seriously hurt.

Besides 'the names given by Elder Kelsey, the Lexington Express published the following names of killed and wounded, most of whom were non-Mormons:

Captain F. T.

Bell, and the second clerk of the vessel, (bodies were sent to St.

Louis for interment) Mr.

Laynell, barkeeper;

Mr.

Nash, of Portland, Iowa;

Josiah Clency, second engineer;

E.

Shaffer, Mr.

Legatt, S.

Wagley, Jonathan Brock and a negro, not named.

The same paper gave the following names of persons who were lost, but whose bodies were not found:

J. N. McCallister.ofBooneCo., Missouri; Wm. H.

Bridges, of New York, the Yankee comedian of the McFarland troupe; C.

Labargo and Lewis Tebo, pilots; Mr. Evans, first engineer, and two colored firemen;

Of the wounded not named by Elder Kelsey, the Express mentions: Wesley Pogue, with nose broken; George Marr, left arm amputated; Peter Conrad, part owner of the vessel, dangerously injured.

Anthony Perkinmeyer, badly wounded, and Thomas Huff, John Welch, W.

Brown, Michael Ambuston.Wm.Hendley,

Charles Evans (a carpenter), Fredrick Schultz, David J. Ross, W. McGee, Wm.

C. Dunbar and Duncan Kelsey Campbell (a child), all slightly wounded.

The one last named was the second son ot Duncan Campbell, and the only one of the family left, all the rest being killed in the explosion.

(See Millennial Slar, Vol. XIV. pp. 41, 154, 220, 283.)

In addition to the foregoing, the following particulars were communicated to the writer recently by Elder William C.

Dunbar, now a resident of the Twentieth Ward, Salt Lake City, who narrowly escaped with his life from the ill-fated Saluda, and who lost his wife and two children in the terrible catastrophe:

"When the Kennebec passengers arrived in St.

Louis, we were met by Elder David J.

Ross, who had emigrated in a previous company; he told me personally that a boat called the Saluda, had been chartered to bring a company of Saints up the river, and that she was now waiting to complete her list of passengers.

She was not represented as one of the best boats on the river by any means, but she had been secured on cheap terms, which was an important consideration for the Saints who were nearly all short of means, and as the first

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

class boats would not start out for some time to come, because of the immense masses of drift ice in the river, and the Sa/uda would, a number of the new arrivals deemed it best to take advantage of this opportunity and go on for fear that the Saints by tarrying in St.

Louis might be compelled to spend their last money there, and thus be unable to continue the journey to the Bluffs and Valley that season.

"Going to the conference office in St.

Louis, I met my old friend, Brother Duncan

Campbell, who, like myself, was a native of Scotland, and after consulting with him for some time, we both concluded, though somewhat reluctantly, to engage our passage, together with our families, in the Sa/uda.

After giving in our names, Brothers Ross. Campbell and myself went down to the river to see the boat.

On entering the hold a most horrible feeling came over us, and without knowing the cause of it, we had an impression that something awful was going to happen somehow or other.

We looked at each other in silence, then turned away in opposite directions.and when our eyes again met, we saw tears coursing their way down each others cheeks.

Hurrying away from the boat, I remarked to brother Campbell that if I had not already given in my name to go with that steamer, I would not do so now;

but under the circumstances we almost felt in duty bound to go, so as not to disappoint the officers of the boat, nor the Elders who had chartered her.

"As the Sa/uda was going to start the next day, I hastened up in the city to purchase my outfit, and the merchant of whom I bought it, promised that he would have it sent on board early the next morning.

This, however, he failed to do, and although the sailing of the vessel was deferred another day, owing to the ice still floating down the river, the goods had not arrived when the boat was getting up steam preparatory to starting.

Not wishing to go on board till my outfit had arrived, I lingered behind until finally the goods were sent down, after which I started for the boat with my family.

When we got within a few blocks of where the Sa/uda lay, we heard her bell ringing, as a signal for starting, and quickening our steps I reached the boat with one of our children in my arms, just as they were throwing off the gangway, and starting.

Looking back I saw my wife carrying our other child, hurrying on as fast as she could, but still some distance away.

Consequently, the boat started without us.

Although I did not understand it then, I am perfectly satisfied now that some friendly unseen power was at work in my behalf, trying to prevent me from going on board with my family on that ill-fated steamer.

"Two days after the departure of the Sa/uda from St. Louis.

1 and family took passage on a first class steamer with the understanding that her captain would stop and put us on board the Sa/uda whenever we should overtake her.

The Sa/uda being a slow boat, we soon caught up with her, but at the point where we did so, the river was so full of ice, and the boats so far apart (being on opposite sides of the river,) that our captain refused to cross over to make the promised transfer.

Consequently, after the two boats had passed and repassed each other several times, the vessel we were on continued up the river until we got to within a short distance of St.

Joseph.

By this time our boat was so badly damaged by the floating ice, that she was compelled to haul to, and the passengers were coolly invited to leave the vessel.

They were consequently dumped off on the east side of the river.

I, however, refused to leave the boat, insisting that the Captain should redeem his promise and put me and my family on board the

Sa/uda.

To this he finally consented, after which the boat was allowed to drift back to Lexington, where we in the evening of April 8, the day before the terrible catastrophe took place, boarded the Sa/- uda, which had tied up at the port of Lexington, waiting for the ice to clear away.

"When we got on board the Sa/uda, we found that her hold was already crowded with passengers, hence some of them were given the privilege to sleep on the upper deck, in front of the cabin door,

4 I2 CHURCH EMIGRATION.

and they were actually making their beds on the flooring which covered the boiler.

Heavy canvass called tarpaulin water proof, was put up to protect passengers from the winds and cold.

On this upper deck, right on top of the boiler, I also made my family bed.

"On the morning of the fatal day, (Friday, April 9th, 1852,) I, together, with my previously named friends, Brothers Ross and Campbell, arose quite early to get breakfast.

Hanging kettles on the stove to boil water, we stepped outside of the space encircled by the tar canvass, after I had told my wife, who together with our two children was just in the act of getting out of bed, that

I would be back for breakfast in a few minutes.

This was the last I ever said to my wife and children while they were alive.

We were standing on the deck watching the labors of the crew in starting the boat, and I witnessed just two revolutions of the paddle wheels, when I remember nothing more till I found myself lying on the bank of the river within three yards of the water's edge, with my clothes drenching wet, and my head all covered with blood.

I felt as if I was just waking up from a deep sleep.

'I am of the opinion that I was blown in to the river by the explosion, and subsequently pulled out by some rescuing party, who then left me, thinking I was dead, but I have never been told by any one how it really happened.

Brother Ross was thrown into the middle of the river, and the current brought him near the shore some distance below, where somebody reached him a pole; and he was rescued.

Brother Campbell's dead body was picked up quite a ways down the stream.

''As soon as I had regained consciousness and began to open my eyes, I looked around.andsaw the mangled form of a child lying close by me. Recognizing its clothing I soon made the startling discovery that it was my own dear baby boy, whom I, a short time before, had seen in its mother's arms.

I attempted to rise to go over to the spot where my dead child lay, but found myself unable to do so, and I now also noticed a sharp pain in my back, as my spine had been severely hurt by being thrown so violently into the river; from the effects of this I have suffered with pains in my back ever since. My attempt to arise attracted the attention of two gentlemen, who immediately came to my assistance, and I was now carried by them to a neighboring store, which had hurriedly been turned into a temporary hospital to receive the wounded survivors of trje terrible disaster.

I arrived at this place just in time to see my wife, who was lying on the floor, breathe her last.

She had been cast on shore by the explosion, and carried to the store in a dying condition.

My other child, a little girl about five years old, was lying in the same room, among the dead, her body so mangled that I could scarcely recognize her, and in fact so hard was it to identify her, that a lady survivor also claimed her as her child.

I have on several occasions since reasoned on the possibility of my being mistaken in identifying the body as that of my child, and wondered if it could be possible that my little girl was among those who fell into the hands of the special committee appointed by the citizens of Lexington to take care of the orphan children.

Some of the people, into whose care these children were entrusted, were very reluctant to give them up when asked to do so by relatives or friends; and it is quite possible that one or two of them were never recovered.

Some of the citizens, although extremely kind to the unfortunates, would perhaps be conscientious in believing they were doing a good deed in preventing them from being sent to Utah.

"I had been in the store only a short time when a gentleman brought a hack in which he took me to his private residence, where I was treated with much hospitality and kindness, although the man admitted that he was one of those who years ago had shouldered his gun to help drive the "Mormons"out of Missouri.

Owing to the injuries my back had sustained, I was unable to move for several days, but I finally got strong enough to walk about, when I was shown the spot where the earthly remains of

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

4*3 my wife and children were laid to rest.

A few of the sick and wounded still remained in Lexington, when a boat came along on which I and others secured passage up the river.

Unlike some others who have expressed themselves freely on this point, I do not attach any great blame to the Elders who chartered the Saluda;

it was perhaps nothing but an over-anxiety to get the Saints away from

St. Louis, where so many of those who had previously stopped had apostatized, and never went to the Valley."

Bishop Henry Ballard,.of Logan, who was one of the passengers on the illfated Saluda, recorded in his journal under date of April 9th, 1S52:

"I had just been on shore to buy some provisions for a family by the name of May, which I had under my charge, and we had set down on some boxes and commenced to eat breakfast, when without the least warning, the boiler of the old boat exploded with a terrific noise, scattering death and destruction in all directions.

The fore part of the boat was almost entirely blown away.

I was thrown about two rods and landed under a bunk, together with a man who had his brains dashed out.

I was stunned and remained unconscious for nearly half an hour with a hole in my head near the top of the brain.

While in a semi-conscious condition, I was under the impression that I was floating down the river on broken pieces of plank, but I finally saw daylight through an opening, which proved to be the door of the paddlewheels, and seeing a man running past, I followed him and jumped off the boat onto the land; but I soon found that I was unable to stand and consequently laid down upon some boards, lying on the bank of the river, while the blood was streaming down my face from the wound in my head.

I soon learned that none of the family which I had charge of had been killed, and only one of them hurt at all.

"After recovering somewhat, I returned to the boat to look for my baggage, but could find nothing.

Two shepherd dogs that I had brought with me from England had been entirely blown away.

I found the piece of bread I held in my hand when the explosion occurred, and the tin cup from which

I was in the act of taking a drink of coffee at the fatal moment;

it was mashed flat as a dollar.

I also picked up my knife covered with blood.

The people of Lexington were kind to us, and especially to the wounded.

'At the time of the explosion many of the passengers were asleep in their beds.

"The kind captain of the Isabel offered to take us to Council Bluffs free of charge, which offer many of the survivors accepted, myself included.

I had lost nearly all my effects; one box of clothing I lost entirely, and the box which was in the hold of the vessel I afterwards found standing in mud and water;

but nearly all the contents were so badly damaged, that they were useless.

Consequently, I left Lexington with what clothing I had on my back, without a hat and only one extra sock.

Nor had I money wherewith to buy anything for myself or the family who was with me;

but the Lord raised up kind-hearted friends, who, although strangers to me, gave me sufficient money to buy provisions for the family to last till we got to the Bluffs.

Arriving there a number of the Saints took sick and died of the cholera."Elder Abraham O. Smoot, of Provo, writes:

"I had a very narrow escape on the occasion of the Saluda disaster.

I had purchased the supplies for my company to make its overland journey with, except cattle, at St Louis, and had decided to go farther up the river to buy the stock, when Eli B. Kelsey came to me to consult me in regard to chartering the Saluda to convey an independent company of

Saints up the river.

I went with him to examine the boat, and on finding that it was an old hulk of a freight boat, fitted up with a single engine, I strongly advised him against having anything to do with it.

He seemed to be influenced in making choice of it entirely by the fact he could get it cheaper than a better one;

but in my opinion it seemed folly, for in

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

addition to the danger of accident, the length of time likely to be occupied in making the journey would more than counterbalance what might be saved in the charge for transit.

However, he decided to charter it, and then both he and the captain urged me strongly to take passage with them, offering to carry me free of cost if I would only go; but I could not feel satisfied to do so,

I followed a few days afterwards on the Isabel and overtook the Saluda at Lexington, where she was stopped by the float-ice and unable to proceed farther.

I went on board of her to visit the Saints, who were in charge of D. J. Ross, Eli B. Kelsey havgone ashore to purchase cattle, and left just before the last plank was drawn in, preparatory to attempting to start.

I had not walked to exceed two hundred yards after leaving the Saluda before the explosion occurred, and on turning to look in the direction of the ill-fated boat,

I saw the bodies of many of the unfortuaate passengers and various parts of the boat flying in the air in every direction.

Fortunately for the Saints on board, they were mostly on the deck of the boat and pretty well towards the stern, and they consequently fared better than those below, or on the forepart of the boat, which was blown entirely to pieces.

As it was, however, upwards of twenty of the Saints were lost or subsequently died of their wounds.

My own preservation I can only attribute to the providence of the Almighty, for if I had remained a moment on the wharf to see the boat start, as would have been very natural for a person to do, I would have been blown into eternity as those were who stood there.

"I shall never forget the kindness of the citizens of Lexington in caring for the living and burying the dead.

The Lord certainly inspired them to do all that sympathy and benevolence could suggest in aid of the afflicted.

The city council set apart a piece of ground in which to bury the Saints who had died, and Wm.

H.

Russell, the great government freighter, and many other prominent citizens did all they could to comfort and help the afflicted survivors.

Besides their devoted attentions, their contribu.

tions in aid of the Saints amounted to thousands of dollars.

remained at Lexington about eight days looking after the interests of the Saints, and purchasing stock, after which

I returned to St. Louis, where I met the company of Saints I was to conduct across the plains."(Faitli Promoting Series, 8, page 27.) The Saluda disaster i %s really the only accident of any consequence by water that has befallen a company of Latterday Saints in emigrating from Europe, and we have every reason to believe that

Providence was in their favor to a great extent even in that case, or a much greater number would most certainly have lost their lives.

Fifty-seventh Company.—Ellen Maria, 369 souls.

The ship Ellen Maria, which the year previous had brought a company of Saints safely across the Atlantic, was again chartered by the presidency at Liverpool to bring another company to New Orleans and on the seventh of February, 1852, she cleared, but owing to adverse winds, did not put to sea until the tenth of February.

Her entire complement was made up of Saints, numbering three hundred and sixty-nine souls; one of which was born during the detention.

(Both mother and child were remarkably comfortable at the date of departure.) Among those who sailed with this company were a number of prominent Americans and native Elders, who had performed efficient missionary work in the British Isles, such as James D.

Ross, Gland Rodger, Haden W.

Church, J.

W.

Johnson, Henry Evans and Louis Robbins; these brethren had all acted as Presidents of conferences.

Elder Isaac C.

Haight, an American Elder, was appointed President of the company, which included one hundred and eighty-two P.

E. Fund emigrants.

After a very pleasant and prosperous voyage, the Ellen Maria arrived at New Orleans on the seventh of April.

There were three births, four marriages and one death during the voyage.

The person who died was a sister Rolph, aged eightynine years.

Captain Whitmore, as a very kind

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

4*5 and considerate man, treated the emigrants with all due respect and consideration.

From New Orleans the journey was continued by a river steamer to St.

Louis, Mo., where the company was met by Abraham O. Smoot, who acted as agent for the P.

E. Fund company, and who purchased supplies for the Saints who emigrated to Utah, through the agency of that company, to make the overland journey with.

After co-operating with Elder Smoot in this connection according to instructions, Elder Isaac C.

Haight, who had lead the company to St.

Louis, returned to England, and Elder Smoot conducted the emigrants to Council Bluffs, and subsequently lead the first British company of P.

E.

Fund emigrants across the plains, consisting of those who had crossed the Atlantic in both the Kennebec and Ellen Maria.

Fifty-Eighth Company—Rockaway, about 30 Saints.

March 6, 1852, the ship Rockaway SA\\ed from Liverpool, England, bound for New Orleans, having onboard about thirty Saints, and machinery for the Deseret Sugar Manufactory.

After a fine passage of seven weeks and one day the Rockaiuay arrived in New Orleans, about the eighteenth of April.

Fifty-ninth Company,—

Italy, Scandinavian Saints.

The first Saints who emigrated from the Scandinavian Mission to Utah numbered nine persons who sailed from Copenhagen, Denmark,

January 31, 1852, and arrived in Liverpool,

England, February 7, 1852, in the evening of the day on which the Ellen Maria cleared port.

The names of these first nine, who proved to be the forerunners of tens of thousands of Saints who have subsequently wended their way from Denmark, Sweden and Norway to the Valleys of the Mountains, were Rasmus

Petersen, wife and adopted child; Edward

Schvaneveldt, wife and two children, and two young unmarried men, Wm. Knudsen and

Nils Olson.

They traveled by stage from Copenhagen to Korsoer from whence they crossed "Storebelt"by steamer to Nyborg, on the island of Fyen, and thence continued the journey over that island by stage, and also, after crossing "Lillebelt"on a ferry, through Sehleswig to Rendsborg, in Holstein, where they arrived in the evening of February 2nd.

The following day they continued the journey by rail to Altona, where Elder Geo. P. Dykes was on hand to receive them.

After treating them to dinner, he took them on board the steamship John Bull, which on the morning of the 4th sailed for London, England, where it arrived on the 5th, * in the evening.

After a great deal of inquiry in

London, the little company of foreigners at length succeeded in finding Elder Jacob Gates, who presided over the London Conference, and to whom they had a letter of introduction from Apostle

Erastus Snow. Elder Gates rendered them all the aid necessary and assisted them to continue the journey by rail to Liverpool on the 7th.

Arriving there they were informed that they were too late to sail on the Ellen Maria, as had been their intention, for that ship had just cleared port the same day. Consequently, the little company had to wait in Liverpool over a month to find an opportunity to sail in another vessel.

In the meantime Apostle Erastus Snow had finished his mission in Scandinavia, and left Copenhagen March 4, 1852, homeward bound, accompanied by nineteen other Danish Saints, who set out for Utah, and whose names were as follows:

Ole U. C. Monster, (one of the first fifteen persons baptized in Denmark), wife and child;

Christian Raven, wife and three children; Niels Jensen, wife and one child;

Frederik Petersen, Fredinand F.

Hansen, Hans Hansen, Carl Jorgensen, Bertha S.

Hansen Augusta Dorius, Cecilia Jorgensen and Johanne Andersen.

The company took steamer from Copenhagen to Kiel, in Holstein;

thence traveled by rail to Altona; took steamer from Hamburg to

Hull; and thence went by rail to Liverpool, where they arrived March 8th, and found the previously named nine persons in waiting for them. Apostle Snow, who had some important business to attend to in England before he could return

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

home, placed Ole U.

C.

MOnster in charge of the little company of Danish Saints, now numbering twenty-eight souls, and saw them safely on board the ship Italy on which they sailed from Liverpool March nth, 1852, and arrived after a safe passage, at New Orleans May 10th.

Proceeding up the Mississippi and

Missouri Rivers, the Danish emigrants reached Kanesville (now Council Bluffs), in good health and spirits.

There they were again met by their beloved Apostle

Erastus Snow, who had reached the Bluffs by way of New York, and in the beginning of July 1852, attached to a large company of British Saints, under the leadership of Elder Eli B. Kelsey, the twenty-eight Danish emigrants commenced the journey across the plains with ox-teams; they arrived in Salt Lake

City October 16, 1852.

{Morgenstjemen, Vol.

I P.

116, 128, 132.

Mille?inial Star, Vol. XIV, page 73, 105.) At Kanesville (now Council Bluffs) the 1852 emigration from Europe joined the very large American emigration in crossing the plains, as the reader will remember this was the year in which the Pottawattamie country, according to instructions from President Young, was vacated by the Saints, who removed to the Valley.

(See Contributor, p. 132.) Twenty-one regularly organized companies of

Saints, with filty wagons and upwards in each company, left the Missouri River for the Valley in 1852, and traveled up the north side of the Platte

River in the following order:

First company—James W. Bay, captain, numbered about one hundred and ninety souls, including Elder John S. Higbee, and a number of the British Saints who had crossed the Atlantic in the Kennebec and Elleti Maria.

Second company—James J.

Jepson, captain, consisted mostly of Saints from

St. Louis, Missouri, many of whom had crossed Iowa with teams, in order to avoid the dangers of the Missouri River.

Third company—F. C.

D. Howe, captain; number of emigrants not known.

Fourth company—Joseph Outhouse, captain, with about two hundred and twenty-five souls.

Fifth company—John Tidwell, captain, and three hundred and forty souls.

Sixth company—David Wood, captain, and two hundred and sixty souls.

Seventh company—Henry B. M.

Jolley, captain, and nearly three hundred and forty souls.

Eighth company was not reported.

Ninth company—Isaac M.

Stewart, captain, and about two hundred and forty- five souls.

Tenth company was not* reported.

Eleventh company—James McGaw, captain, consisted of two hundred and thirty-nine souls, namely seventy-five men sixty-eight women and ninety-six children.

Twelfth company—Harmon Cutler, captain, and two hundred and sixty-two souls, including old and young.

Thirteenth company was not reported.

Fourteenth company—John B. Walker, captain, and about two hundred and fifty souls.

Fifteenth company—Robert Weimer, captain, included one hundred and thirty souls.

Sixteenth company—Uriah Curtis, captain, and three hundred and sixty-five souls.

Seventeenth company—Isaac Bullock, captain, and one hundred and seventyfive souls.

Eighteenth company—James C. Snow, captain, numbered nearly two hundred and fifty souls.

William Martindale, Hiram Winters.

Charles H.

Hales, Salmon Warner and another brother acted as captains of tens.

Nineteenth compnny—Eli B.

Kelsey, captain, numbered about one hundred souls, including the first twenty- eight Saints who emigrated from Scandinavia.

Twentieth company—H. W.

Miller, captain, and about two hundred and twenty souls, including Apostle Orson Hyde and family.

Twenty-first company—Allen Weeks, captain, and about one hundred and ten souls.

Besides the twenty-one companies, enumerated in the foregoing, two other organized emigrant companies of Saints going to the valley, traveled up the south

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

side of the Platte River, and still another one which brought the sugar machinery across the plains.

And besides all these there was the P.

E. Fund emigrant company, in charge of Elder Abraham O.

Smoot, which embraced the first company of Saints ever brought out from a foreign land by means of the P. E. Fund, which subsequently helped thousands of the worthy poor to the land of Zion.

Thomas Margetts, who traveled from Great Salt Lake City, to the Missouri River in 1852, and thus met nearly the entire "Mormon emigration of that year reported that he counted about fourteen hundred "Mormon"teams and not less than ten thousand Saints on their way to the valley.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

14, P.

461.) The emigration of 1852 most of which if not all had left the Missouri River in the month of June, began to arrive in Great Salt Lake City about the middle of August, and the last companies got in some time in September.

The following interesting account of the arrival of the first company of P.

E. Fund emigrants on Friday, September 3rd, 1852, is taken from the Deaeret News of September 18th, 1852:

"Captain A.

O. Smoot's company of thirty-one wagons was escorted into this city by the First Presidency of the Church, some of the Twelve Apostles, and many of the citizens on horseback and in carriages.

"Captain Pitt's band, in the President spacious carriage, met the company at the mouth of Emigration Canon, where the Saints of both sexes, of nearly seventy years of age, danced and sang for joy, and their hearts were made glad by a distribution of melons and cakes;

after which the band came in the escort, and cheered the hearts of the weary travelers with their enlivening strains.

"Next in the procession came a band of pilgrims—sisters and children—walking, sunburnt, and weather-beaten, but not forlorn;

their hearts were light and buoyant, which was plainly manifest by their happy and joyful countenances.

"Next followed the wagons. The good condition of the cattle, and the general appearance of the whole train, did credit to Bishop Smoot, as a wise and skilful manager—who was seen on horse, in all the various departments of his company, during their egress from the canon to encampment.

"As the escort and train passed the Temple Block, they were saluted with nine rounds of artillery, which made the everlasting hills to shake their sides with joy;

while thousands of men, women, and children gathered from various parts of the city to unite in the glorious and joyful welcome.

"After corralling on Union Square, the emigrants were called together, and President Brigham Young addressed them as follows:

'I have but a few words to say to the brethren and sisters at the present time.

First I will say, may the Lord God of Israel bless you, and comfort your hearts.

(The company and bystanders responded

Amen.

"'We have prayed for you continually;

thousands of prayers have been offered up for you, day by day, to Him who has commanded us to gather Israel, save the children of men by the preaching of the

Gospel, and prepare them for the coming of the Messiah.

You have had a long, hard, and fatiguing journey across the great waters and the scorched plains;

but, by the distinguished favors of heaven, you are here in safety.

"'We understand that the whole company that started under Brother Smoot's guidance are alive and well, with but a few exceptions.

For this we are thankful to our Father in heaven;

and our hearts are filled with joy, that you have had faith to surmount the difficulties that have lain in your path; that you have overcome sickness and death, and are now with us to enjoy the blessings of the people of God in these peaceful valleys.

You are now in a land of plenty, where, by a reasonable amount of labor, you may realize a comfortable subsistence.

"'You have had trials and sufferings in your journey, but your sufferings have been few compared with thousands of your brethren and sisters in these valleys.

We have, a great many of us, been under

4iS CUTNCI I EMIGRATION.

the harrow for the space of twenty-one years.

I trust you have enjoyed a good measure of the Spirit of the Lord in the midst of your toils;

and now, as you have arrived here, let your feelings be mild, peaceable, and easy, not framing to yourselves any particular course that you will pur ue, but be patient until the way opens before you.

"'Be very cautious that you do not watch the failings of others, and by this means expose yourselves to be caught in the snares of the devil;

for the people here have the failings natural to man, the same as you have;

look well to yourselves, that the enemy does not get the advantage over you; see that your own hearts are pure, and filled with the Spirit of the Lord, and you will be willing to overlook the faults of others, and endeavor to correct your own.

"'With regard to your circumstances and connexions here, I am little acquainted;

but this I can say, you are in the midst of plenty.

No person here is under the necessity of begging his bread, except the natives; and they beg more than they care for, or can use.

By your labor you can obtain an abundance; the soil is rich and productive.

We have the best of wheat, and the finest of flour; as good as was ever produced in any other country in the world.

We have beets, carrots, turnips, cabbage, peas, beans, melons, and I may say, all kinds of garden vegetables, of the best quality.

"'The prospects are cheering for the fruits of different kinds.

The grapes that we have raised this season, are, doubtless, as fine as were ever exhibited for sale in the London market, The peach, we expect, will do well also.

We had but few last year;

this season we have more.

We are under the necessity of waiting a few years before we can have much fruit;

but of the staple articles of food, we have a great abundance, "'With regard to your obtaining habitations to shelter you in the coming winter—all of you will be able to obtain work, and by your industry, you can make yourselves tolerably comfortable in this respect, before the winter sets in.

All the improvements that you see around you, have been made in the short space of four years, four years ago this day, there was not a rod of fence to be seen, nor a house, except the Old Fort as we call it, though it was then new.

All this that you see, has been accomplished by the industry of the people;

and a great deal more that you do not see, for our settlements extend two hundred and fifty miles south, and almost one hundred miles north.

"'We shall want some of the brethren to repair to some of the other settlements, such as mechanics and farmers;

no doubt they can provide themselves with teams, etc., to bear them to their destinanations.

Those who have acquaintances here, will all be able to obtain dwellings, until they can make accommodations of their own.

"'Again, with regard to labor—don't imagine unto yourselves that you are going to get rich, at once, by it.

As for the poor, there are none here, neither are there any who may be called rich, but all obtain the essential comforts of life.

"'Let not your eyes be greedy. When

I met you this afternoon, I felt to say, this is the company that I belong to—the 'poor company,'as it is called, and I always expect to belong to it, until I am crowned with eternal riches in the celestial kingdom.

In this world I possess nothing, only what the Lord has given to me, and it is devoted to the building up ot

His kingdom.

"'Do not any of you suffer the thought to enter your minds, that you must go to the gold mines, in search for riches.

That is no place for the Saints.

Some have gone there, and returned;

they keep coming and going, but their garments are spotted, almost universally.

It is scarcely possible for a man to go there and come back to this place with his garments pure.

Don't any of you imagine to yourselves that you can go to the gold mines to get anything to help yourselves with;

you must live here;

this is the gathering place for the Saints.

The man who is trying to gain to himself the perishable treasures of this world, and suffers his affections to be staid upon

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

them, may despair of ever obtaining a crown of glory.

This world is only to be used as an apartment, in which the children of men may be prepared for their eternal redemption and exaltation in the paesence of their Savior; and we have but a short time alloted to us here, to accomplish so great a work.

'I will say to this company, they have had the honour of being escorted into the city by some of the most distinguished individuals of our society, and a band of music, accompanied with a salutation from the cannon.

Other companies have not had this mark of respect shown to them;

they belong to the rich, and are able to help themselves.

I rejoice that you are here; and that you will find yourselves in the midst of abundance of the common necessaries of life, a liberal supply of which you can easily obtain by your labor.

Here is the best quality of food; you are in the best atmosphere that you ever breathed; and we have the best water that you ever drank.

Make yourselves happy, and do not let your eyes be like the fool's eye, wandering after the things of this world; but inquire what you can do that shall be for the best interest of the kingdom of God.

"'No man or woman will be hurried away from the wagons but you may have the privilege of living in them until you get homes.

'I hope the brethren who live near by, or those who live at a distance, will send our brethren and sisters some potatoes and melons, or anything else they have, that they may not go hungry, and let them have them free of charge, that they may be blessed with us, as I exhorted the people last Sabbath.

'I have not anything more to say to you at this time, as my presence is wanted in another place.

I pray the Lord God of Israel to bless you; and I bless you in the name of Jesus.

Amen.'"Apostle Franklin D. Richards had arrived in the Valley from England in time to join the convoy which welcomed the pilgrims into the city, and thus had the pleasure of seeing the final success of those plans which had, a few months previously, cost him so much anxious care.

The arrival of this company of Saints from England created a general sensation in the community, and the occasion was long remembered with interest.

Elder Smoot was highly complimented by the authorities of the Church for the skilful and very successful manner in which he had discharged the duties of the sacred trust imposed in him.

In the early part of the journey ten of the P. E. Fund emigrants died of cholera, inflammation, and measles, and one was accidentally drowned; a few also died in some of the other companies, but taking it all through, the entire emigration of that year, large as it was, crossed the plains with but a very (ew accidents, and the population of the Valleys of the Mountains was greatly augmented by the emigration of 1852.

A very large non-Mormon emigration, bound for the Pacific coast, also crossed the plains in 1852, among whom the fatality from cholera was very great.

(See Millennial Star, Vol.

14, pp. 367, 460, 601, 667, 681, 698, Deseret Neivs of August 21 and September 18, 1852.) Andteiv Jenson.

Necessity for Good Teachers.—

Home cultivation and singing, while the source of much pleasure to your friends and yourself, will never make you an artist.

Only teachers—and the best of teachers too—application, study, and long years of labor, can give that finish and beauty to the voice that can entitle its possesser to the appellation "artist."

If you feel that it is your wish to become such a one, weigh all it will cost you against what it will give you; and it your final decision is for it, leave your home singing and cultivation and seek a master.

But think first what is before you; a life of simplicity; a life where long years of arduous labor and study of constant application, unlimited perseverance bring you, after much of discouragement and hopelessness, to the position where you can say, "I know what I can do, and I do what I know how to do."Enuiia C.

Thursby.

EDITORIAL.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor.

Salt Lake City, July, 1892.

M.

I. A LECTURES.

Our space this month, is mostly used in the publication of lectures given by young men at the last General Y. M.

M.

I.

A.

Conference.

We urge our people to read them, and feel satisfied that they will find it worth the time so spent.

The lectures are all appropriate to the times, and contain items of vital importance to our young people.

They cover a variety of subjects dealing with science, literature and art;

and the addresses make good reading to all lovers of truth and common sense.

Our M.

I. A. Conferences are a blessing in many ways.

They bring the young people together to hear the advice of their leaders, and give an opportun ity to young men to show that they are advancing in science and art, as well as in the knowledge of the Gospel.

THE JUNE CONTEST.

The musical contests in June were the best of +he kind ever given in the Territory.

While the prizes for instrumental work were not all contested for, yet the work done in that line was artistic.

The vocal contest, however, was the one in which so much improvement was noticed.

The solos, trio, quartettes, double quartettes, and choruses were all magnificently rendered, and the closing four choruses by the representatives from

Malad, Weber, Utah, and Salt Lake, were each worth all the time spent and labor done in bringing such grand cho ruses together.

From the time they began to sing until the last had finished, the greatest interest prevailed, and each was given a great round of applause as the last notes were sung.

No such choruses have ever been given in this western country and we feel proud of our male singers and their leaders, and of the fact that the Contributor was the originator of these contests which made such a grand male chorus possible.

As a small charge was made for admission to these contests, some people have imagined that money was made by the Contributor.

To set this idea right we feel justified in giving the receipts and expenses of the first and last two contests, as follows:

CONTEST OF 1S9I.

Premiums and expenses, $729 60 Receipts ior admission, 452-50 Loss to us, #277-10 CONTESTS OF 1S92.

Premiums and expenses, $937-75 Receipts for admission, 654.50 Loss in 1892, 333-25 Loss in 1S91, 277.10 Total loss, $610.35 We shall soon be ready to publish an article on Farmington, Connecticut, President Woodruff's birthplace, with halftone engravings of the house in which he was born, and surrounding scenes of interest.

We have succeeded in getting some excellent views and can assure our readers of a valuable paper—one which will give them some idea of the locality honored as the birthplace of our worthy and beloved president.

TEARS.

Not in the time of pleasure Hope doth set her bow;

But in the sky of sorrow, Over the vale of woe.

Through gloom and shadow look we

On beyond the years:

The soul would have no rainbow

Had the eyes no tears.

Century.

THE MAKING OF ICE.

The principle on which the manufacture of ice is based is exemplified in the relation of heat to the conversion of water into gas-steam. A certain amount of heat

THE MAKING OF iCE.

is required for the conversion of any fluid into a gas.

This heat becomes., as we say, latent—that is, is being employed for the time in producing violent undulations of the gas molecules.

Whenever a liquid is converted into a gas, heat must come from somewhere.

In the making of steam, it comes from the fire;

in the ordinary evaporation of water out-of-doors, it comes from the sun.

When there is no special heating arrangement, but the conditions are favorable for the gaseous change in the fluid, heat will be taken up from surrounding substances if they have any.

If you dip your hand in water, and then wave it through the air, the water will evaporate—that is, be converted into gas—and you will appreciate by the cool sensation that heat has been abstracted from your hand.

If you use, instead of water, some fluid which more readily passes into the gaseous state, such as alcohol or ether, the sensation of coolness will be more immediate and intense.

Now this is the principle which is applied in the manufacture of ice.

Some fluid which evaporates readily is forced to do so under such conditions that the heat which it must have and render latent in its vapor will be extracted from a limited quantity of water, and this process being made continuous, so much heat will finally be abstracted from the water that its molecules can no longer stay mobile, but fly together into crystals—the water freezes.

The evaporating fluid used in practice may be sulphuric ether or sulphurous acid or ammonia.

The last is perhaps nowadays most often used.

These fluids are kept in strong close pipes and receivers, and can under no conditions come into contact with the water to be frozen.

Suppose we consider the ammonia freezing machines very briefly only, for into the details of the process it is not necessary for us here to enter.

But in order to understand this operation one more physical principle must be stated, which is that the degree of pressure to which a substance is exposed has a great influence upon the temperature at which it passes from the fluid to the gaseous condition. Water at the ordinary altitudes boils—that is, is converted into vapor—at ioo° centigrade (212 Fahrenheit).

But on a high mountain it will boil at a lower temperature than this, because the atmospheric pressure is less there.

On the other hand, if you put a gas into a receiver, and expose it to a sufficiently heavy pressure by a powerful pump, or in some other way, it will in most cases become a fluid forthwith, and the heat which has been latent in it will be given out.

Now, this, in a general way, is what is done to the ammonia in getting it ready to freeze water.

Pure liquid ammonia boils—that is, passes from the liquid into the gaseous state—at a temperature about Fahrenheit lower than water does.

Hence ammonia is a substance which at ordinary temperatures is a gas.

That which we buy at the drug stores as ammonia is simply a solution of the gas in water, and from this, as everyone knows, it is readily given off.

It is volatile, that is, it tends under ordinary conditions to get into the gaseous form Now in ice factories powerful engines are used to force the ammonia gas by pressure into the liquid state, and the heat which is thus set free is carried off by cool water pouring over the coils of stout iron pipe in which it is confined.

This fluid ammonia—kept fluid by the pressure to which it is subjected, a pressure varying from one hundred and twenty-five to one hundred and seventy-five pounds to the square inch—is carried in pipes to coils in the freezing-tanks.

These tanks are simply great vats filled with brine, and covered over with a floor.

Into this brine, cans filled with the water to be frozen are placed and carefully covered.

These cans are usually between three and four feet deep, about one foot thick, and nearly two feet wide.

Coils of pipe communicating with the ammonia pipes are immersed in the brine, which is kept in motion by paddle-wheels moved by machinery.

The brine acts as a carrier of the heat from the water in its tight metallic cans to the ammonia pipes.

Brine is used be-

i\ro<:rri<>\.

cause it does not as readily freeze as water does, and acts as a good conductor or distributor of the heat.

Now, when all is ready, the fluid ammonia under its great pressure is allowed to escape into the coils of pipe which pass about in the brine, and in which the pressure is so much less than the ammonia as it rushes in becomes at once a gas.

But to do this it must have heat.

77 must have it.

From the walls of the pipes into which it rushes, it seizes it first.

These take it from the brine which bathes them until its temperature goes down, down, and it begins to draw through their iron walls upon the heat stock of the water in the cans.

And so the mimic but relentless warfare goes on.

The ammonia vapor is constantly pumped away from the cold pipes in which it had expanded to be used over again, while fresh liquid ammonia is as constantly inforced from behind.

Some hours pass, and the heat stock in the water is growing scantier and scantier.

It can stand it in this way but little longer;

it is down wellnigh to zero centigrade, and the wild insatiable vapor, raging for heat in the pipes not far off, is still sucking it away.

The only thing which can be done now to furnish more is for the water to give up its latent heat, and that is to sign its own death warrant as water;

for, if one may use such a turn of phrase, without its latent heat water is ice.

Well, at last there is nothing for it, and that happens which is happening this clear winter night on which'I write at the edge of every lake and pool and pond out-of-doors hereabouts—little transparent spiculae shoot out from the cooled surlaces, and the water slowly, as if unwillingly yields itself into its crystal bonds

The ice layers on all sides slowly thicken, and at last, in about sixty hours, all is solid.

The watchful attendant raises with a crane the great beautiful ice block, still in its galvanized iron can, out of its cold bath, and trundles it off to make way for another molecular battle and another victory.—From "Ice and Ice making,"by T.

Mitchell Prudden, in Harper''s Magazine.

INVOCATION.

MALE CHORUS.

WORDS BY H. W. NAISBITT.

1st and 2nd Tenor.

1st and 2nd Bass.

MUSIC BY JOS.

J. DAYNES.

'Mid thine Israel Lord we stand Here as Suppliants Lord we sing, Organized by Thy coniTo Thy prorn - is - es we;TTTL i '__L_L 4^j£ v—v- &£=-'-y—v- v 1/ ff j-0- N—-V—k—r—m r—2—H 0—0—r m i m m mand;

See our thousands, for they tell, cling;

Allot life we shall en - joy,.

^E^±fef:g=fo?=£ -v—v- 3A Zion's sons in numbers If Thy work is our em- -v—t:

INVOCATION.

Bless each ef fort to im - prove, As our ranks Make us sa viors make us men, Mutual good u - nit - ed our motto =£ HSZ- t~c~r t -F-F- V%*^ swell.

ploy.

b& Bless each effort Make us saviors, to improve, make us men, As our ranks u Mutual good, our £=£=£ '-W—W—W- 3K -B 1^ V k'1/ move;

then;

E:J==i FF=F= m- tAl r> £t www £=t J_ E -P ^F nited move;

motto then;

V—U- g A—PvReachinj;

up - ward to the goal, Let Thy Spir it all conFor each duty us prepare, Here appoint ed or sent Reaching up - ward to the goal, For each du ty us pre-pare, tttt V V w nited move;

Reaching up - ward to the goal, Let Thy Spir motto then;

For each duty us prepare, Here appoint it ed aU consent trol;

there;

J »>y W W iciiiir \Vi trol;

there;

Then Thine ar - mies shall be great.

As upon Thy word, they By Thy Priesthood trusted, tried, Through our la - bors sanc-ti- -A fttec:S^ w -0- e -p^^- -v—v—v- -y—v- Wj "£-*p & ±3&=aet ~w » %f -t2^ wait, fied, -P-I2- V-> All the world shall see and know, Zion doth in wisdom grow!

Thus prepar'd we all shall prove, Thou art God, Thy name is Love.

i=ti i/ I*'1.j _« «_ +3—4—rr 1/ v^m

WORLD'S FAIR MUSIC.

The fact that Theodore Thomas is musical director of the World's Columbian Exposition, and that associated with him are William L. Tomlins and George H.

Wilson, is assurance sufficient that music of the highest order and an excellent program will be provided.

The best musical talent of the world will be drawn upon;

fine halls will be provided;

and something like half a million dollars will be expended to make the musical features of the Exposition a success.

Two of the halls or auditories will cost each one hundred thousand dollars, and the sum of one hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars has been set apart for an orchestra of one hundred and twenty skilled musicians, who will be drilled by Theodore Thomas.

This orchestra will be the nucleus about which will be formed the grand choruses.

The Bureau of Music of the Exposition has issued the following outline of its plans:

Recognizing the responsibility of his position, the musical director groups all intended illustrations around two central ideas:

i. To make a complete showing to the world of musical progress in this country in all grades and departments, from the lowest to the highest.

2. To bring before the people of the United States a full illustration of music in its highest forms, as exemplified by the most enlightened nations of the world.

In order to carry out this conception of the unexampled opportunity now presented, three co-operative conditions are indispensable:

i. The hearty support of the American musicians, amateurs, and societies, for participation on great festival occasions of popular music, and for the interpretation of the most advanced compositions,

American and foreign.

2. The presence at the Exposition of many of the representative musicians of the world, each to conduct performances of his own principal compositions and those of his countrymen, all upon a scale of the utmost completeness.

3. A provison on the part of the Exposition authorities of the means necessary for carrying out these plans in the erection of the halls indispensible for successful performances and in the engagement of solo artists, orchestras and bands.

The halls have been officially agreed upon and their construction ordered.

These will be advantageously situated within the Exposition grounds:

1. A Recital Hall, for quartet, concerts, etc., seating five hundred people.

2. A Music Hall, with accomodation for one hundred and twenty players, three hundred singers, and an audience of two thousand.

3. A Festival Hall, for:performances upon the largest practicable scale with two hundred players, two thousand singers, and audience of seven thousand.

The Music Hall will contain a fine concert organ, and in Festival Hall will be placed an organ for chorus support.

The entire range of the performance proposed may be seen from the following classification:

First—Semi-weekly high grade orchestral concerts in Music Hall.

Second—Semi-monthly high grade choral concerts in Music Hall.

Third—Six series of international concerts, choral and orchestral, each consisting of from four to six in Festival Hall and in Music Hall.

Fourth—Three series of three concerts each of festivals by united American choral societies in Festival Hall.

Fiith—Concerts in Festival Hall unc}er the auspices of German singing societies.

Sixth—Concerts in Festival Hall under the auspecies of Swedish singing societies.

Seventh—Six series of popular miscellaneous festival concerts by American singers.

Eighth—Twelve children's concerts by

Sunday-school, public school and especially-organized children's choruses.

Ninth—Chamber music concerts and organ recitals.

Tenth—Popular concerts of orchestral music to be given daily in Choral Hall during the six months of the Exposition.

Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

LIVERPOOL! LONDON \ GLOBE insurance oomi^aivy.

**—»- Fire Assets, Premiums Received 1889, Losses Paid 1889, $ 19,359,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 » H- J. GRANT & C0M A.G-E2STTS, Salt Lake City.

CROOKS k WARREN, _A^ Resident Managers, Chicago, 111.

"The Business Man's Friend.'FOR NEATNESS OF WORK, EASE OF MANIPULATION, DURABILITY AND SPEED, the REMINGTON TYPEWRITER Forfull particulars call or address IS UNEQUALED.

F.

E, McGURRIN, s2lVgr l e as ks e!rVVD,NG

4h5JlEH* S(J)ff5^IBiJ50^ ESTABLISHED 1879.

TTOI4V7 XIII.- the conclusion of the Twelfth Volume of THE CONTRIBUTOR (which is now bound'and ready for delivery), its publishers extend thanks to the people for their extensive patronage, and take pleasure in announcing some of the new features to be introduced in early numbers and to be followed as rapidly as possible by others, which will not only maintain for the magazine its enviable reputation as the leading magazine of home literature, but secure for it a prominent place among the enterprising firstclass literary magazines of the country.

Columbus and the Discovery and Peopling of America: An Illustrated series of Historical Studies, to prepare readers for an appreciation of the Four Hundredth Anniversary and the great World's Fair at Chicago.

The Birthplaces of the Prophets:

A series of descriptive sketches made by Junius F. Wells.

During the present summer the author has visited Sharon,"Windsor Co., Vermont;

Whitingham, Vermont;

Farmington, Connecticut; Potsdam and Trenton, New York, etc., etc., and will describe the scenes surrounding the birthplaces of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, George A.

Smith, Daniel H.. Wells, and others of the prominent leaders of the Church.

These papers will be handsomely illustrated.

Book of Mormon Lands and Cities:

By Joel Ricks, who has made a careful study of the travels of Book of Mormon peoples and of the ruins of their cities.

This series will be illustrated.

Colonial and Revolutionary Battle Grounds will receive the attention of Prof. J. M. Tanner, who is collecting views in New England and writing a number of sketches to accompany them.

Missionary Life and Experiences will be treated by representative Elders in Scandinavia, England and the Southern

States.

The Church Emigration, by Andrew Jenson.

This exceedingly valuable series will be continued.

Political Principles We have arranged for some papers from well-known exponents of Political Doctrines, which will give readers a comprehensive understanding of the principles and

policies of the Republican and Democratic Parties, and be of great practical assistance to young men in forming political opinions and party connections.

In Fiction we shall preseht.some original serials and short stories.

Narratives, Sketches, Poetry, etc., will be as interesting features of the future numbers as of the past.

Association Intelligence: We propose in this department to give the experiences and methods of the most successful Associations working under the new MANUAL, and publish valuable correspondence on the subject.

This department will be open to Association workers, for questions and explanations.

$1000.00.

MUSICAL CONTEST.

$1000.00.

In June, 1892, there will be given a Musical Contest for $1000.00 in prizes, for both Instrumental and Vocal

Music.

THE CONTRIBUTOR will announce the particulars and conditions of this the Greatest of all Contests, from time to time, as necessity suggests.

The Music for the Vocal Contest will be published in elegant style in the Magazine.

The Magazine will be Enlarged by the addition of one hundred pages or more to Volume XIII, and in every way that the patronage of the people will justify shall we improve it, that it may be in all respects the representative of our people's progress and intellectual development.

Subscription:

The subscription is Two Dollars a yearBinding Fifty Cents a volume.

For Two Dollars and TwentyFive Cents, in advance, we will send the magazine, bind it at the end of the year and return it post free.

We recommend every subscriber to order it this way.

The magazine is thus doubled in value, being read as it comes out, and still preserved, a record of the best thought of the times, which may be referred to in years to come with untold interest.

We are assured by subscribers, who have all the back volumes, that they would not part with them for any price.

Binding:

Volumes bound in cloth at cents each.

Missing numbers supplied to subscribers at 15 cents each.

Binding Cases for any volume, '25 cents each.

Fine Bindings, Half Morocco, gilt, $1.00 each; Full Morocco, gilt, $2.00 each.

Bound Volumes: Complete sets, Twelve Volumes, cloth $27.00 per set; Half Morocco, gilt, $32.00.

We will exchange any other Bound Volume for volumes 1, 2, and 4, unbound, if in good condition.

Special: We have a limited number of large engravings of

Lieutenant-General Joseph Smith and of President Brigham Young.

Until our supply is exhausted, we will send a cop}r of either to subscribers for Volume XIII. who pay $2.50 in advance (which also includes binding).

These engravings sell at $1.00 each.

Remit money by P. O. note, registered letter, or draft.

Stamps taken for amounts less than one dollar.

Address, THE CONTRIBUTOR CO., Constitution Building, P.

0. Box 520.

Salt Lake Citv, Utah.

The Finest and Largest Variety of tP Partjr Tickets Printed in the Latest and best Styles.

/T^eretyapt priptii^ ^ompapy, J08. HYRUM PARRY. M«n.«w.

—29 W. South Tgmph 8t„CJ A T rwi TATriH L.L.l..^ Hearty opn. So. Temple OatS:

SAJLl JLAJrViS KjLV I.

Utah Cracker Factory, HENRY WALLACE Manager, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SILVER BRAND OF FINE CRAM SALT LAKE CITY.

^"Sold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,^* j4ardy, Your$ 9 <?o.

.•.PRST.-.SC/ISS.-.

pa/T\ily (jroeeries, Dry C^oods, Boots apd 51?oe55ou/r; aqd §our/try Jrad^ $o\i<3ited.

JipRDY. - YOUffQ - QO., aB-30 Mai? St, Opp. Z. $.

(I\. L Sa ft la He Sty.

0.

}\. Jl/IRDY, (T\a9a^er.

THE DESERET SAVINGS BANK.

JJItHE attention of those desiring to open savings accounts is called jjf to the Desebet Savings Bank, which allows interest on deposits at tine rate of Five per cent, per annum, eompownded quarterly.

Money to loan on approved real estate security.

Its officers are as follows John Sharp, President.

Moss* Thatohkx, Vice-President DIRECTORS.

S. A. Bioxb, Ouker.

Jons Sharp, H. DnrwooDxr, J. B. Barheb, Eliaj A. Smith, F. W.

Jnraras, Jammb Sharp, L.

8. Hols, D. H. Pxxry, W. W. Ritze, Gbobox Bomir.

MoskbThatohke,J. O. Octlbr, J. T. Lmu,

R\ \, THOMAp.

26, 28, 30, 32 E. FIRST SOUTH ST.

fR. R.Thoni&0.

«S!te SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. J R\ \. THQl|Ip.

-»TH3S <iUION lylNlXFor.". QUEENSTOWN.\ and LIVERPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kiner St., New York, every Saturday.

ULNIkUlV 3,350 TONS \N\0VIUH<a-3.-l\?> \0HS.

N\_KS\^.

e. S00 TONS f\R\10UK. 5 500 Tcm.

\N\SG0US\U 3.120 Tons.

^-•"*^P~» These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and lire furnished with every requisite to make the passage across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room. Piano and Library;

also experionced Surgeon, Stewardess, «nd Caterer on each Steamer.

The State-rooms arc all on I>eck, thus insuring those greatest of all Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSaGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Oflices, No. 35, Broadway, New York,

A. M. UNDERBILL fi- QO.

SUB 3d SUBS FJ)Rj TrtEJi DESERET NEWS Per Year.

Deseret Evening News, $10 00 Deseret Semi- Weekly Neivs> S.00

Deseret Weekly, 2.50 Book Q JdIi Printing and Book-Binding.

,m,«M'«>M.i «W,«'^ ''wH,M,»MiH»(|M,H.*'»(, »«M,-*,)i> l '>« l » 1 <M'1 (, »('».<«.>,,j'*.n,i- l( ", (.

PRICE LIST OF CHURCH PUBLICATIONS FOB tAUl BT Thb Deseret News Company, Salt Lake City. Utah.

BOOK OF MORMON, -with references, Gilt, $X76; Toil Bock, IXCO;

Fall Roan, $1.75; Fall Leather, embossed, $1.25; Full Cloth, embossed, $1.00.

BOOK OF MORMON, (Large Print,) Morocco, Extra QUt, $&.T5; Leather, QUt, $3.00; Leather, $0.25; Cloth, $LT5.

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references.

Gilt, H-TB;

Fall Bock, $X00; Fall Boan, $L76;

Fall Leather, embossed, $1.28; Fall Cloth, embossed, $1.00.

SPENCEB'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the Church, Fall Boan, embossed, $1.00; Fall Cloth, embossed, T5c KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P.

Pratt, Fall Boan, embossed, 76a; Full Cloth, embossed, 50c ts.

VOICE OF WABNING, by Parley P.

Pratt, Fall Boan, embossed, 50c;

Full Cloth, embossed, 35c; Limp Cloth, 25c.

PEABL OF GREAT PRICE, Morocco, Gilt, $L25; Leather,

Gilt, $1.00; Boan, 75c.; Cloth, embossed, 60cts.

DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY!

Discussion between Elder O.

Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which Is added three discourses on celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, Geo. A. Smith and George Q. Cannon, 25cts.

"MORMON"DOCTRINE, Plain and Slmple,or Leaves from the Tree of Life, an explanation of the principles of the Gospel, in twelve tersely written chapters, followed by an original poem, and an appendix giving scriptural references tor all the subjects treated upon in the body of the work.

A handy volume for anyone, 25cts.

CATECHISM FOB CHILDREN.

Exhibiting the most prominent doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, by John Jaques. Leather, 40c; Cloth, 25c; Boards, 20c;

Stiff Cover, 15c A COMPENDIUM of the Doctrines of the Gospel, by Franklin D. Richards and

James A. Little.

Leather, Gilt, $2.00; Leather, $1.50; Imitation Leather, $1.25; Cloth, $1.00.

BEADY REFERENCES.

Scrlptore texts arranged In subjective order, with historical notes.

46c., 55c, 85c, and $1.10, according to binding.

BLOOD ATONEMENT.

By O. W. Penrose.

Explaining the doctrine as under.

stood by Latter-day Saints.

20c WHY WE PRACTICE PLURAL MARRIAGE.

By Helen Mar Whitney.

20c THE "MANUSCRIPT FOUND."(Spauldlng Story).

Paper, 28c; Cloth, 80c;

Leather, Gilt, $1.00.

ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD.

By President John Taylor.

10c THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER-DAT SAINTS.

By John Jacques.

10c •-3 1=3 noz §S9 c;

O

JBRO^fcrreilVO BROS., 155 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, and 2461 WASHINGTON AVE., OGDEN, UTAH

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL guns, SJ0$L.

TheNeWBaKER tents BICYCLES, >*^flBP?*& GUK HAMMOCKS, FISHING TACKLE, >{tjB&g£JiS MS&i^.

a WAGON COVERS LAWN TENNIS, BASE BALL AND FIELD GLASSES, BOOTS, CRICKET GOODS.

^687* SHOES, Etc., Etc.

Agents for the "American Rambler,"the highest grade Safety Bicycle made; "Eclipse"Wheels

Du Pont's Sporting and Blasting Powder; Safety Nitro and Atlas Powder Giant Cnps, Fuse, etc., etc.

We sell a 24-inch Safety Bicycle for $25.00; 27-inch, $35.00; and 30-inch for 845.00.

Send for Illustrated Catalogue, which we mail free to any address.

TWO GREAT AMERICAN MAGAZINES THE CENTURY MAGAZINE is now so well-known that to tell of its past success seems almost an old story. The N. Y. Tribune has said that it and its companion, St, Nicholasfor Young

Folks, issued by the same house, "are read by every one person in thirty of the country's population."The subscription price ($4.00) may be remitted directly to the publishers, or single copies may be purchased of any newsdealer.

The publishers "offer to send a free sample copy—a recent back number—to any one desiring it.?jj "ST. IVICHOI^AS.»> The year 1892 will prove once more that "no household where there are children is complete without -St. Nicholas."One cannot put the spirit of St* Nicholas into a prospectus, but the publishers are glad to send a full announcement of the features for 1892 and a single sample copy to the address of any person mentioning this notice.

The magazine costs $3.00 a year.

Address The Century Co., 33 East 17th Street, New York.

THE NEW ENGLAND.MAGAZINE.

An illustrated monthly Magazine, a current record of New England life and thought manifesting itself the world over.

Single numbers, cents.

#3.00 per year.

H ARPER'S HARPER'S MAGAZINE, $4.00 a Year HARPER'S WEEKLY, |4.ooaYear HARPER'S BAZAR, $4.00 a Year HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, #2.00 a Year

PFRIfiniPllS UNRIVALLED STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE.

I LIIIUUIUHLU PERFECT EXPONENTS of the CIVILISATION of the COUNTRY.

HARPER & BROS., Franklin Square, New York.

Wm. Driver & Son, ^Wholesale and Retail Druggists.^ THE MOST RELIABLE DRUG HOUSE 'IN THE WEST IS THE FIRM OF wm. driver & ©org, nSSS'ASSS!?

OGDEN, UTAH.

CONFECTIONERY.

SHIELDS S CO, 43 4 45 Slate SI, CBiCACO.

THE?

THOMPSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO., IMPORTERS AND MANUFACTURERS OF <XTHE FINEST X> TICE3 ^ FLAVORING EXTRACTS KNOWN TO THE TRADE.

Proprietors of the Famous Brand of

Red Cross Lye.

30, 32, 33, 36, 38, 40 SO. WATER STREET, CHICAGO.

FASHIONABLE and HEALTHFUL front THE GENUINE ackson L Corset Waist SUPERB FORM.

PERFECT FIT.

A perlect Corset and Waist combined.

Famous for its style, graceful symmetry, and healthful qualities.

Patented Feb. 23, j&Sb.

See patent stamp on each Waist.

TAKE r&SSSSS the JACKSON CORSET CO., Jackson, Mich \F YOUR DEALER HASN'T IT, WRITE TO US.

.---W-/V/---.J The Herald's Offers this Year!

EVERY SUBSCRIBER lo the SEMI-WEEKLY HERALD Receives a Number in the great $5000 Premium Distritoiitiori AS USUAL.

<flh ft A A JIL.

Jit /«.

7%e Americanized Encyclopaedia Britannica,

THE LITERARY SENSATION OF THE AGE.

(Ten Volumes) can be had with one year's Semi-Weekly Herald for $23.00.

The books alone retail for $45.00.

Five dollars down and the balance in monthly instalments will secure the great work, the paper and a premium number.

Five, per cent discount for cash.

—Gold and Silver Watches given Free—

To those sending a certain number of subscribers.

An elegant $5.00 POLITICAL AND U.

S. MAP can be had with the Semi-Weekly Herald for $3.75.

Call and satisfy yourselves or ask your newsdealer for particulars.

Also NOTE THIS REMARKABLE OFFER.

You can get GENERAL GRANT'S MEMOIRS (2 volumes, the original $7.00 edition), the great COSMOPOLITAN MAGAZINE one year, the SemiWeekly Herald, and a premium number for $6.50.

i See the Herald for further particulars.

H.

G. WHITNEY.

Business Manager.

B H. ROBERTS, Editor Semi-Weekly Herald

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH.

POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baling powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U, S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., m; Wall S:rect, New York.

THE STATE BflHK OF UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

$500,000,00.

HEBER J. GRANT, Pkksidi WM. B. I'KESrON.VlCK-PKKSIDKNT.

HEBER M. WELLS, CASHIER.

.pi RECTORS I- joseph r. smith.

charlkh a. burton, william ii. kowk.

nkphi w. claytox.

mam h.cannon. frank y. taylok.

tit CLAWSON.

PHILO T, FABN8WORTH.

Kl.lAS MOKRIS.

RICHARD W. YOCNB.

HKNRY A. WOOLLKY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

.Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Zion's Go-operative jVIereantile.

Institution, Salt Lake City, O-ganized Oct., 1868.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

OFFICERS:

President, Wilford Woodruff;

Vice- Resident, Moses Thatcher;

Secretary, T. G. VVebker;

'l^rraxurer, A.

XV. Carlson.

BRANCH HOUSES at OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO.

and IDAHO FALLS.

Drug Dept., Main St.

SALT LAKE CITY W.

H. ROWE. Assistant Supt Utah Territory.

DIRECTORS:

Geo.

Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, H.

J. Grant, John H. Smith, John Sharp, Geo. Romney, J. R. Winder, H. Dinwoouey, P.

T. Farnsworth, [.

R. Barnes, W. H. Rowe.

MANUFACTURERS, IMPORTERS, WHOLESALE^ AND RETAIL

DEALERS IN FOREIGN, DOMESTIC, AND LOCAL MERCHANDISE.

T.

G. WEBBER.General Si pt HE3&R J. Q.SO T & CO., GENERAL AGENTS MAIN STFfc£ET.