June COIvUMBIANA.

The Courier of the Czar.

m i THE I «5 n h m If CONTRIBUTOR- 2 A •AVONTH LY-AACAZ IN E- volxiv 'JUNE'1893'f PUBLISHED • BY THE CONTRIBUTOR • CO SALT • LAKE-CITY- UTAH- it i ^2 Be Sure to Read our INDEPENDENCE STORY in the July Contributor

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1893.

PAGERamblings Around the World, II.

(Illustrated,) G. H. Snell. 369 Ancient History, VI.

Assyria Mala Waina. 374 Church Emigration, XXIII.

Return of Missionaries and Emigration in 1858, Andrew Jenson. 377 Labor and Prayer S. W. Richards.

A Colossal Geode, and how we Reached it,.%...!

Prof". J. Ej Talmage, in Popular Science News. 383

Columbiana.

The Navigator's First Love.—An Uufamihar Page of History, (Illustrated,) Espagnol.

3S5 ''Random Shots."Notes of a Lecture, II. W. Naisbitt. 392 Times and Events of the Middle Ages,

III.

The Battle of Chalons Ruby Lamont. 396 The Courier of the Czar Clarence L. Lower. 399 Youthful Folly, M. H. 404 Plain Facts, J. C. 408 Our Dead M.

E.

P. 409 Editorial:

Hard Times, Our Position Religiously, An Invitation, Regrets away from Home, Leo Hsefeli. 412 Music:

Anthem—"Arise Ye Saints,"Established 18/3 WILFORD WOODRUFF, President.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashier, Oldest and Largest Sav •

lngx Bank In Utah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, PrtM.

Geo. Q. Cannon. Vice-Prest.

Joseph F. 'Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Webber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy.

We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Fonr times a year.

Write for any Information youdesire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 3 & MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

HIGHLAND BRAND

EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated, to a creamery consistence and.

Thoroughly Sterilized IVIay be diluted witn either Water

Or fresh Milk: to any desired consistence

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep itjVNrrite direct to Jixrxg:!^ «£s I^o.t3ia.n, Agents,

P.O.Box 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

ENTITLED, "papey 5toeK ai7^ Trade Journal."The first Number of which will issue from the press JVT^^r l£*t> 1893, will be published in the interest of Fancy Blooded Stock

Raising, and trade in general.

Subscription price, $2.00 a year in advance.

Liberal discount to club subscribers.

Headquarters at Kinney's Real Estate and Live Stock Exchange, No. 44 Richards

Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

L. D. KINNEY, Publisher and Proprietor.

MILANDO PRATT, Manager.

The Home Iiife Insurance Company

Of Heux Yopk.

Owing to prudent and conservative management is, today, the strongest Life Insurance Company in the world.

It has a LARGER PERCENTAGE OF ASSETS OVER LIABILITIES, making the strongest dividend paying company in existence.

Its Policies are issued at the Lowest Rates.

They are Incontestable, Nonforfeitable,

Unrestricted as to residence or travel, and have a Guaranteed Cash

Surrpnder.

Why put your money in a savings bank, when our policies not only insure your life but return all the premiums paid with interest.

CLOSE & CANNON, Genera! Agents, Utah and

Idaho, 238-9 Constitution Building:, Salt Lake City, I tab.

12"$50 16"$100 AERMOTORS ALL STEEL GALVANIZED For the benefit of the public, the Aermotor

Company declares a dividend and makes the above prices as tributing it.

will be conuntil its earnings ficiently off.

Merit prospered, very small greatnumber given the Aer 4 acres of land in turing center of very many, acres the best equipfor the purpose, Aermotor Co.

means of disese prices tinued only surplus are sufworked has and a profit on a very of outfits has motor Company the best manufacChicago,with many, of floor space and ment of machinery, in existence.

The feels, in this crowning Columbian year, that it can afford to be generous. We will ship from Chicago to any one anywhere at the above prices.

THE AERMOTOR COMPANY, 12th and Rockwell Sts., CHICAGO.

BUTTBBMMLK TOIIjET SOAP.

makes t to •

face and hands as soft as velvet;

whitens the ski a.

Has no eqnal for the Excels any 25c.

Soap.

Beware of imitations.

Ov«r 2,000,000 cakes sold first year.

Ask your dealer for it.

I Full Siie, eta.

S AMPLE. Fu 11 Si *e '""^l!?** maamf^L Cosmo Buttermilk Soap Co., 84 ADAMS ST., CHICAGO, ILL.

Only the Scars Remain.

"Among the many testimonials which I see in regard to certain medicines performing cures, cleansing the blood, etc.,"writes liENKY Hudson, of the James Smith Woolen Machinery Co., Philadelphia, Pa., "none impress me more than my own case.

Twenty years ago, at the age of 18 years, I had swellings come on my legs, which broke and became running sores.

Our family physician could do me no good, and it was feared that the • bones JjJ would be affected. At last, my good old mother urged me to try Ayer's Sarsaparilla.

I took three bottles, the sores healed, and I have not been troubled since.

Only the scars remain, and the memory of the past, to remind me of the good Ayer's Sarsaparilla has done me.

I now weigh two hundred and twenty pounds, and am in the best of health.

I have been on the road for the past twelve years, have noticed

Ayer's Sarsaparilla advertised in all parts of the United States, and always take pleasure in telling what good it did for me."

For the cure of all diseases originating in impure blood, the best remedy is

AYER'S Sarsaparilla Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co., Lowell, Mass.

Cures others, will cure you READ ROBERTS'jflilla lirwiiitftill] Price Cents, postpaid.

FAT o PEOPLE.

To reduce vour weight MJRE1YT use Willard's

Obesity Pills and loose 15 pounds a month.

2So injury to the health.

Ko interference with business or pleasure. JfO.«• sak v-!Sj-.

They build up and improve the sreneral health, beautify the complexion and leave NO ttKiShiiKv, Lucy Anderson, Aubern 8t„Cambridge, Mass., writes: "Three bottles of vour Obesity PUIs reduced my weight from 225"pounds to 190 and 1 never felt better i» all my life.

I am much pleased with the result, and shall do all I can to help you. Our patrons include Physicians, Hankers, Lawyers and leaders of Society.

Our foods are not sold in drug stores; all orders are supplied direct from our offiee.

Price pefr package $2 or three packages for $5 by mail prepaid. Par ticul ars (sealed) 4ctS. AM, COKKKMFOBiOENfJJfc;

tOSWILLARD REMEDY CO., BOSTON.

MASS.

Vol. XIV.

JUNE, 1893.

No.

8.

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

Taking his Mistress out for an Airing in a Jinrikisha.

"I am for bombarding all the exclusive Asiatics, who shut up the earth, and will not let me walk civilly and quietly through it, doing no harm, and paying for all I want."

Sidney S?nith.

And so began to think the world as well, when on one midsummer day in '53,

Commodore Perry steamed into the bay of Yeddo on his flagship the Susquehanna, determined to open Japan to civilization, peacefully if he might, forcibly if he must.

Happily for the most interesting of all oriental nations, moderate methods prevailed, and the "Brother of the Sun,"standing on the threshold of the East bade his western cousins welcome to the gleaming halls of that country which Sir Edwin

Arnold has called the light of the world.

Nothing is known concerning the origin of the Japanese people; the widespread belief that they resemble their Mongolian neighbors in their habits and lives is an error.

True, the majority of them have slanting eyes and all possess swarthy

37o RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

complexions, but in no other trait is there even a semblance.

Though both of Asiatic origin these two races have flowed apart through immemorial tracts of time.

Tneir written records show the Japanese to have maintained a policy of complete iso.ation for at least two thousand years.

The present Mikado is the one hundred and twenty-first emperor of a. family that runs back in an unbroken line to Jimmu, a warrior king who reigned six hundred sixty B. C. This all history concedes.

Evidences of the hoary antiquity of the country and its primeval races are traced in their numerous ruins of temples and tombs of bygone splendor.

Today my thoughts turn back in reflective mood to an almost inaccessible valley, in an uninhabited district in central Japan where I saw three hundred reclining life-size figures in stone, which were placed there ages before the coming of the Son of Man. Of their origin, twenty centuries of Japanese history give no tradition; untold millions of that courteous little race have come and gone, yet those lonely groups of long-forgotten gods still linger there.

Yokohama, the largest of the five treaty forts, and the one where Commodore Perry landed, was a fishing village then, and now contains about one hundred and twenty thousand natives and a couple of thousand foreigners.

The narrow, irregular streets have names, but they are rarely used, as the numbering of the houses is continuous, irrespective of street names and if the location of a man's residence, business or store is No.

50, he personally is generally known and referred to as No.

50.

The unpaved streets are swept by hand with willow brooms, and are generally clean;

yet there is little or no artificial drainage, and while the drinking water looks pure, it is used with dread by the foreign colony who first boil and filter it; in short, impure water is here regarded as the prime cause of Asiatic cholera, two known deaths from which have occurred since the writer's advent and there are probably half a dozen cases there now.

The houses in the native quarter are generally of one story (owing to the prevalence of earthquakes,) are built of bamboo and other woods and either thatched with rice straw or covered with red-tiles.

The residences and business houses of the foreigners are generally of stone, and far more pretentious. The principal hotel in Yokohoma is called The Grand, is owned by a Japanese company and ably managed by a former Salt Laker, Mr.

Louis Eppinger.

He returns the stockholders twenty percent, annually, lays by a healthy reserve, sets a first class table and charges his guests the equivalent of two dollars and forty cents per day U. S.

currency.

Japan is becoming rapidly modernized and those who wish to see the ancient order of things must come quickly.

From Yokohama there are tri-monthly steamers to San Francisco and Vancouver, weekly to China and fortnightly to the Siberian coast.

Here are also Japanese coasting steamers with native crews, but officered by English or Americans.

Passports are in use and the authorities generally insist on being accurately informed of the route the traveler proposes taking, hence the latter, in his application, mentions plenty of places;

after all he is not obliged to visit every one on his programme.

The currency values are decimal.

Ten Rin equal one Sen or cent.

One hundred Sen equal one Sen or dollar.

The Mexican dollar goes at par in the treaty ports, hence our currency is at a premium of twenty per cent, or more.

Supper, bed and breakfast at a Japanese inn cost forty cents to one dollar.

There is no charge for fire, light, attendance or bath, provided always the traveler is content with what is given everyone else.

The bath is a great fad with the natives, and they have elaborate public and private ones throughout the land.

There is not too much privacy about them, however; anywheres away from the five treaty ports, the sexes go in indiscriminately.

This, in Japan, does not imply immorality nor does the writer think it contributes towards it, with them.

Their moral laxity is no greater than that of other nations if indeed it equals it.

One peculiarity of their social life is startling in its rarity;

with few and

RAMBLINGS AROUAD THE WORLD.

trifling exceptions the commerce of the sexes is confined to small towns called Yoshiwara, and are devoted exclusively to that traffic.

One near the suburbs of Tokio. the Mikado's capital, contains six thousand inhabitants, the houses in wnich are handsome, two story structures.

Many of these contain sixty or seventy inmates, a dozen or more of the animated dol's being on view in the large plate glass show windows which line the sidewalks.

These children, they seem little more, are hired from their parents for a term of three to five years, at probably four hundred dollars.

At the end of that time they are returned to their native village, are received as dutiful children and marry without detriment.

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

Coolies work in the fields and elsewhere with the scantiest of clothes about their loins, and women occasionally with no covering above the waist.

The general mode of conveyance for tourists or the better-class of natives, is by jinrikis7ia, an overgrown, two-wheeled baby carriage, drawn by a coolie who can keep up a steady trot all day long, and is paid ten to fifteen cents an hour, according to the bargain made; they have been known to make fifty miles in twelve hours, stopping at intervals to eat a few mouthfuls of boiled rice.

As to food, the most important staple is rice, and of course rice flour, a small grain barley, nine varieties of potatoes, including the sweet and the Irish, mammoth turnips, large, white radishes, a foot or two long, seen occasionally in our local markets, and three hundred and sixty varieties of food fish that are found in Japanese waters, among them, the devil fish is a favorite, as also a flying fish with wings the shape and hue of a butterfly's It is necessary to remove the shoes on entering a Japanese house or temple, in order not to soil the mats on which the inmates sit, live, entertain and worship;

the mats take the place of our chairs, sofas, tables and beds.

The law has fixed the size of the rice mats which is three by six feet, and the size of a house is known by the number of mats it contains;

as for instance, a hundred mat house, a three hundred mat temple, etc.

Both sexes were a covering for the foot, made of white cott <n cloth, the large toe being separated from the others like the thumb of a glove;

tnis enables them to fasten on their wooden clogs by passing a cotton tape around the ankle, across the instep and between the toes.

On entering a doorway, the clogs are left at the threshold and resumed when leaving.

They receive visitors on their knees, bowing their foreheads to the floor, or nearly there, and whatever apparent servility that position may seem to indicate, there is nothing mean or base in their manner of doing it, or in the quaint, dignified courtesy they extend to strangers and to each other.

It is said their language is extremely difficult to learn correctly, but the writer thinks a smattering of it easy to acquire.

The consonants are pronounced generally as in English, the vowels as in Italian They have two religions—Shinto and Buddhism—the former indigenous, the latter imported from India via China and Corea; but the two are thoroughly fused in practice,and numberless temples reared to either are seen everywhere.

With moral teaching Shinto does not profess to concern itself. "Follow your natural impulses and obey the Mikado's decree;"such is its theory, in substance, of human duty.

The sermon forms no part of its institutions, nor are the rewards and punishments of a future life used as incentives to blameless conduct here.

Immortality of the spirit is believed in; they worship a myriad of gods and in the Shinto temples a gong hangs over the entrance to the oratory for the worshiper to strike and attract the attention of the particular god he is after.

Near by lie rice mats on which contribu'ions are thrown these generally co isist of a 'kash,'the brass coin with a square hole in center, sometimes seen among Chinese curios;

value, one-tenth of a cent.

Perfect religious toleration appears to have generally been the rule, even from the earliest ages, the persecution of the Christian being only an apparent exception;

for they were exterminated, it is thought, on political grounds.

Some years before that took place, the native priests asked the emperor to expel the Portuguese monks.

He replied by asking how many sects there were in Japan.

He was told that there were thirty-five.

"Well, then,"he replied, "where thirty five sects can be tolerated, we can easily bear with thirty-six Leave i he strangers in peace "The theaters are similar to those of the

Chinese, although I saw one performance at Yokohama, a representation of scenes during an earthquake, that was startling in its vividness falling of houses and temples, killing of women and children, dragging half-charred corpses from burning ruins and a general wind-up of fire breaking out all through the mimic village, until it looked as if the theater

RAMBLINGS AROUND

T//E WORLD.

YOSHIWARA—A STRANGE ClTY itself, a large wooden structure, would burn with the rest.

Open air jugglers, wrestlers, and troops of dancing and posturing girls, also give performances which appear popular with the masses;

their acts of legerdemain especially being of a very high grade.

G. H. Snell.

"Sir,"said a prisoner, tears running down his cheeks, "I had a good home NEAR THE MlKADO'S CAPITAL.

education.

My street education ruined me.

I used to slip out of the house and go off with the boys in the street.

In the street I learned to lounge;

in the street learned to swear;

in the street I learned to smoke in the street I learned to gamble;

in the street I learned to pilfer and to do all evil.

O, sir, it is in the street the devil lurks to work the ruin of the young."

ANCIENT

HISTORY.

VI.

ASSYRIA.

The country of Assyria occupies the northern portion of Mesopotamia, and the valleys to the north and east The Zagros Mountains on the east and the towering peaks of the mountains of Armenia on the north form well defined boundaries on two sides, and were long considered impassable bulwarks to ward off the attacks of the barbarian hordes of the north and east.

The Euphrates River is generally considered the western and south-western boundary, and the desert wastes of Syria and Arabia formed practically as impassable a barrier against western invasion as did the mountains on the north and east against invasion on those sides.

The southern boundary of Assyria though clearly defined as the beginning of the alluvial plains of lower Mesopotamia or Chaldsea, was naturally the weakr st, and from this side was the country frequently invaded by the victorious armies of Chaldaea, during her political ascendency.

The Tigris River divides the country into an eastern portion extending to and up the slopes of Zagros Mountains and a western portion including the rising up lands of Mesopotamia, and extending to the Euphrates.

The eastern portion is well watered by many streams and rivers flowing from the Zagros Mountains, and along their banks are valleys and partly alluvial plains of great fertility.

The western portion, except the country in the near vicinity of Nineveh, the ancient seat of government, is more scantily watered and in many respects is very similar to the desert regions of the Rocky Mountains in our own land.

The climate embraces all the varieties, from tond to frigid.

On the south the winters are mild and pleasant, the summers hot and scorching.

In the far north the winters are long, cold and tedious, lasting half'the year.

In eastern Assyria the climate is cool and moist and but little snow falls, but the rainfall is heavy and continuous for several months of winter and spring.

Of all fruits and garden crops cultivated in the United States, there are none perhaps which would not flourish in

Assyria, indeed, from ancient times it is evident that most of the garden products of our land were successfully cultivated.

The chief city of Assyria was Nineveh, founded by Ashur, the son of Shem. on the eastern bank of the Tigris.

Near this ci'y, and merging into it were several other great cities, which by some historians are considered a part of it.

If this be true, the superficial area of this mighty city was as great as that of London today.

But of all her greatness, nothing remains except the ruins covered by the dust of centuries, teaching the solemn lesson of the weakness of man and his achievements.

It is our desire to present a brief review of the history of the great nation which rose, reigned and fell in the land of ancient Assyria.

The people were descendants of Shem, the first son of Noah, and possessed the distinguishing characteristics of the Semitic race, both in appearance and in traits of character.

They were a robust and powerful people, noted for bravery, fearlessness and for warlike deeds, and also for their ferocity.

In their vaunting self glorification they spoke of their enemies as weak and cowardly, and did not scruple to torture and slay them with every manifestation of contempt and cruelty.

Their captives were subjected to every indignity that cruelty could devise, and were carried away as slaves, to serve their conquerors.

Though possessed of great religious devotion, they carried their arrogant boasting so far as to include the gods of their enemies, their own gods were worshiped as being superior, while the gods of their enemies were treated with contempt.

Perhaps no better illustration of this could be given than that recorded in the writings of Isaiah.

When the armies of Sennacherib came up to battle against Jerusalem, their proud boast was that none of the gods of the conquered nations had been able to deliver them, and warned the children of

Israel against trusting in God.

But they learned to their sorrow the power of the true and living God, when the Angel of

ANCIENT HISTORY.

Death went forth and destroyed one hundred and eighty-five thousand of their army, and the humbled remnants were forced to retreat in great haste back to their own land to escape total annihilation at the hands of their enemies.

The hardy virtues of the Assyrians were not proof against the vices and luxuries made possible by unlimited power and means of self-gratification.

They were used by God as a scourge to punirh the nations who had forgotten Him, and who were only humbled by adversity.

But when they began to magnify themselves, and add to their fast-growing vices blasphemy of the Lord God, they were themselves ready for chastisement, and another ruling power arose to subject and destroy them.

Luxury and licentiousness reigned from palace to cot, and heralded the decay of the national power of Assyria.

To convey a better idea of Assyrian history some slight reference to the chronology and annals of the country are necessary.

According to the record contained in the tenth chapter of Genesis, Assyria was first colonized from Chaldaea.

And for a long time was under the dominion of the mother country.

Her rulers were provincial governors sent out from Chaldsea.

No records have been preserved which tell how the change was effected, but we next hear of Assyria as an independent nation treated as an equal by Chaldsea and her friendship cultivated.

The authority of Assyria was extended to the east and north under the reigns of preceding kings; but the fame of establishing the empire is conceeded to Tiglath-Adar.

He waged successful wars in the south, and established his court at Babylon.

For several centuries thereafter, Assyria was considered the dominant power from the mountains of Armenia on the north, to the Persian Gulf, though the Chaldtean vice-regents were frequently in revolt, and occasionally were able to partially restore the independence of Chaldasa.

The reigns of the various kings were marked by wars of conquest and the neighboring tribes were made tributary to Assyria.

A failure to pay the denunded tribute was the signal for an invasion of the Assyrian armies.

The greatest of these kings was perhaps Tiglath-Pileser I.

On a cylinder now preserved in the British Museum, is a record made by the king himself.

He sums up his conquests as forty-two conquered countries, extending from the upper valleys of the Zagros Mountains westward to the Mediterranean Sea, all of whom were brought under the dominion of Assyria.

The imperial government was established from Armenia on the north to the Gulf, and westward to the sea.

Under him there was also a revival of art and architecture; temples, palaces and great buildings were erected whose ruins t>peak of his glory.

Following him there was a season of decline, followed by a break in the annals for a period of nearly two centuries, during which time all that is known is that the kingdom was still maintained in the land of Assyria.

The next great monarch was AsshurIzir-Pal who began to reign B.

C.

883.

Under him there was another revival of the military, political and architectural glory of Assyria.

His wars were carried on with relentless cruelty.

Speaking of one city that had angered him by its resistance he says:

"Their men young and old, I took prisoner.

Of some I cut off the feet and hands;

of others I cut off the noses, ears and lips;

of the young men's ears I made a heap; of the old men's heads I built a minaret I exposed their heads as a trophy in front of their city.

The male children and the female children I burnt in flames:

The city I destroyed and consumed and burnt with fire."The terror of his name was potent in all western Asia from the Zagros Mountains to the Mediterranean Sea.

Heavy tribute was demanded from all the conquered nations and the coffers of Assyria were enriched by these enforced contributions.

A new stimulus was given to literature and the arts.

Architecture flourished and there appears a marked revolution in architectural taste.

Some of the mighty buildings were grand in design and artistic in finish;

ANCIENT HISTORY.

some of the monumental designs are worthy to be classed with the works of

Egypt and Greece.

He built one of the grandest palaces yet reared in Assyria, and his nobles following his illustrious example, the ancient cities rose in grandeur they had never before attained.

Manufacture of various kinds sprang up and flourished, and everywhere were the assurances of material pomp and grandeur.

Asshur-lzir-Pal died B. C.

858, leaving to his son Shalmaneser II.

a powerful empire extending to the Mediterranean Sea. Under him there was no diminution of the military glory of Assyria, though her power was maintained and tributes exacted only at the price of almost continued warfare.

After reigning for thirtyfive years, the king died leaving the kingdom to his son Shamus-Vul II. who was soon called to put down an uprising in Babylon Under him and succeeding kings there was another period of decline.

The vices of luxury brought about by successful war were saping the strength of the empire, and threatening the destruction of the nation.

It was at this time that the prophet Jonah was sent to prophesy the destruction of Nineveh.

But owing to the sincere repentance of the people from the king down, the judgment was stayed and a brighter epoch again dawned for Assyria.

Under Tiglath-Pileser II.

the old dominion of the empire was again established over Babylon and the western nations who had revolted during the decline of her power.

During his western campaign he carried away captive two and one-half tribes of Israel, and further pursued the policy of colonizing various parts of his empire by captives of the conquered nations.

After fully subjecting the revolted nations and levying a heavy tribute upon them he was at liberty to attend to the private affairs of his kingdom at home and to devote his attention to building and improving the cities of Assyria.

Upon the death of Tiglath Pileser II.

Shalmaneser IV. succeeded him on the throne.

He was at once called to support the Assyrian power over the western nations, who again rebelled, and during his absence Sargon was established upon the throne by revolt.

Sargon reigned for fifteen years, during which time he was constantly engaged in wars either in the west where the whole region to the Red and Mediterranean Seas was subjected, in the north with the half civilized nations bordering Assyria or in the south quelling the rebellion in Babylon, whose king had thrown off his allegiance to Assyria.

In all these campaigns he was uniformly successful, and left to his son and successor Sennacherib, an empire more powerful than it had ever been before.

Of this king mention is frequently made in the Jewish annals, and more is known of his reign than of any o hers of the kings of Assyria. He was first called to put down a revolt in Babylon and then to subject the tribes bordering Assyria on the east, after which he began a successful campaign against the nations of Palestine, Syria and Egypt.

Many cities of Judah were destroyed and nearly two hundred thousand captives were taken and colonized in various parts of the empire. Hezekiah, king of the Jews, bought peace by paying an enormous ransom of silver and gold, but upon the withdrawal of the Assyrian hosts to subdue another revolt in Babylonia, he farmed a league with the king of Egypt and threw off his allegiance to Sennacherib.

Soon Sennacherib was again in the west with an immense army determined to crush the power of the western confederacy.

Then it was that he sent his blasphemous message to Hezekiah.

"Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you saying the Lord will deliver us. Hath any of the Gods of the nation delivered his land out of my hand.

Who are they among all the Gods of these lands that have delivered their land out of my hand that the Lord should deliver Jerusalem."

Through Isaiah the Lord reproved him, declaring that he had only fulfilled that which God had decreed against the nations, that his great success was because God willed it so; but now that he magnified himself against the HolyOne of Israel, his word should come to naught, he should return as he came without coming againstJerusalem.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

Ill In the night the angel of the Lord smote 185,000 of his men, and the remnant hastily retreated into Assyria pursued by the Egyptian army in league with king Hezekiah.

After this his principal expeditions.

were directed against Babylonia and the countries bordering Assyria, but he never fully recovered from the blow received in his chastisement at the hands of the Lord.

Babylonia succeeded in establishing a kind of half independence, and maintaining it for several years until the death of the king who was assassinated by two of his sons after reigning nearly a quarter of a century.

He was succeeded upon the throne by a younger son Ezar-Haddon who made successful campaigns against the western nations and overran Egypt, establishing provincial governors throughout the land.

During his whole reign he was almost constantly in the field either against the nations or tribes bordering Assyria, or in

Egypt and the west.

No sooner was one nation subjected than another was in a state of revolt, beside this there was trouble and dissatisfaction at home.

Assailed from without and torn by discord within the power of Assyria began to decline.

The dissolution was hastened by the invasion of fierce barbarian hordes from the north who for many years overran all of western

Asia, slaying and destroying with remorseless cruelty all who came in their path.

Many of the cities of Assyria fell an easy prey being built without adequate means of defense, and the inhabitants were either killed or scattered.

Ere Assyria had time to recover from the sanguinary tide that had rolled over her cities and towns, anew danger threatened from the east.

Media smarting under the sense of wrongs inflicted had already made one incursion into Assyria to be beaten back with great loss, and only waited another opportunity for a more successful invasion of the country.

She was first to recover from the effects of the barbarian invasion and saw in the weakness of Assyria the wa1ted-for opportunity to strike.

An alliance was formed with the kingdom of Susiana by Cyaxares king of Media, and the invasion was begun from east and south at once. Nabopolassar was appointed to meet the Susianians while the king Sarnacus was to repel Cyaxares, but Nabopolassar was bribed to betray the cause of the king, and with his forces from Babylon joined with the Medes and Susianians in their war against the Assyrians. The king and his army fell back to Nineveh, and hoped to defy assault behind its impregnable walls.

But the fiat had gone forth, the prophet of the Lord had declared God's judgment against the Assyrian nation and it was to be fulfilled.

For two years the siege was maintained, until nature lent her power for the overthrow of the city and nation. The Tigris, swollen with the rains of the wet season, rose and beat against the walls of the doomed city washing away a portion of them, and through this breach poured the besieging hosts of Media, Susiana and Babylon.

The victory was complete and the glory of Assyria was forever shrouded in everlasting night.

The proud, haughty, cruel power that had so long devastated the nations was in turn made to feel the heel of the oppressor, and to drink of the bitter cup of God's divine judgment for sins that had cried unto Heaven against her.

The empire was divided between the conquerors.

The Medes assumed control of Assyria and all the northern portions of the empire, and Nabopolassar received as the reward of his treachery the lower parts of Mesopotamia and Susiana, founding the Babylonian Empire.

MalaWaina.

CHURCH EMIGRATION, XXIII.

RETURN OF MISSIONARIES AND EMIGRATION IN 1858.

Under the caption "Emigration for April i8th, 1857, (Vol.

XIX, p.

249,} stated editorially:

"To avoid the expense, hardships, and loss of life, resulting from late emigration

Utah in i* the Millennial Star, of to Utah, the Saints in Great Britain are

37» CHURCH EMIGRATION counseled to forward their £4 deposits to this office between this and the first day of January, 1858, namely £1 each as deposit towards crossing the Atlantic, and £3 each, as deposits to procure hand carts, and to make the necessary preparations for an outfit across the plains.

It is our intention to have our through emigration, hereafter, embark from Liverpool in the month of February, so as to be able to leave the Missouri River for the plains by the middle of May or the first of June, and arrive in Utah in

August.

This will give them several months in the Territory to make preparations for winter.

The Saints in Great Britain, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, France, etc., are requested to attend strictly to this counsel.

The Saints in Scandinavia who wish to go through to Utah in 1858, should cross the Atlantic in the summer or autumn of 1857, as it will be impossible for them to leave early enough in the spring to insure an early arrival in Utah."Agreeable to the foregoing instructions, the Saints in Europe were saving up their passage money as fast as possible, and the prospects for a large emigration in 1858 were quite flattering, when the socalled Utah War broke out, in consequence of which emigration of Saints from foreign lands was temporarily stopped, and nearly all the Utah Elders laboring in the different missionary fields throughout the world were called home.

The man entrusted on that occasion with an important special mission, was Elder Samuel W.

Richards, who carried the message of the First Presidency, calling the Elders home from the United States,

Canada and Europe.

He also brought important dispatches relating to the difficulties existing between the Federal government and the people of Utah, to Colonel T.

L. Kane, by whom they were presented to the general government.

Elder Richards left Salt Lake City on the thirteenth of August, about three weeks after the news that troops were ordered to Utah had reached the Saints, while celebrating in the mountains.

In crossing the plains he took great pains to learn all he could concerning the movements of the army, which he met en route fur Utah, and by express kept Governor Young advised of the same.

After attending to important business in the eastern States, he embarked for England, and arrived in Liverpool on the third of October.

Immediately after the arrival of Elder

Richards in England, Apostles Orson Pratt and Ezra T. Benson, who presided over the British Mission, made preparations to return home; on the fourteenth of October they embarked at Liverpool for America, together with Elders John A.

Ray, John Scott, John Kay and William Miller.

Traveling by way of Aspenwall, Panama, and California, they reached Salt Lake City January 19, 1858.

Elders Pratt and Benson left the British

Mission in charge of Elder Richards, who presided until February 20, 1858, when he also set sail from Liverpool on his return trip, leaving Elder Asa Calkin to preside over the mission.

In the Millennial Star of October 17, (Vol. XIX, p.

668), the following editorial was published "Emigration to the States stopped for the present. To the Saints who are making preparations to emigrate to the States and to Utah during the ensuing season we say: For the efforts you have made you will be blessed.

Our salvation, as a people, depends upon the obedience which we yield to the counsels of the Lord, given us from time to time through His servants.

You have been told to save means to pay your way from these lands to Zion, and you will be rewarded according to the effort that you have made.

"In view of the difficulties which are now threatening the Saints, we deem it wisdom to stop all emigration to the States and Utah for the present.

We anticipate that it will not be long until the way will again be opened so that you can go home.

As the morning mist is dispelled by the glory of the rising sun, so will the present intervening difficulties be banished by the glory of God, when

He shall make bare His arm of power in defense of His people, as He did in the

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

days when He led them out of the land of Egypt.

"It will not be long until the way will again be opened, so that the Sunts can gather to Zion according to the desires of their hearts Continue to treasure up means, and add to what you already have, so that you may not be delayed when the way opens."Agreeable to the instructions of the First Presidency, the Elders in Europe ceased their labors of love as messengers of the Gospel of peace and salvation to their fellow-men, and hastened to make preparations to return to their mountain home, there to cast their lot with their families and friends, whose peace and prosperity were menaced by the agents of a government which committed the blunder to fit out and send an army at an enormous expense against a foe which did not exist.

On the twenty-first of January, 1858, the ship Underwriter, Captain Roberts, sailed from Liverpool having on board twenty-five Saints (nearly all returning missionaries) under the presidency of Elder Henry Herriman.

After a safe voyage this little company arrived in New York, from whence most of the Elders continued their journey to Utah, joining other returning missionaries on the frontiers.

On the tenth of February, Elders Joseph W.

Young, L.

H.

Hatch, and Seymour B.

Young, sailed from Liverpool on board the steamship City of Washington, bound for New York; and on the nineteenth of February, the ship Empire, Captain Coombs, sailed from Liverpool, having on board sixty-four Saints, nearly all returning missionaries, under the presidency of Jesse Hobson.

After a remarkably swift and pleasant passage, the voyage being made in twenty-eight days—the Empire arrived in New York on the twenty-eighth of March.

Continuing their journey to the west, the missionaries arrived in Florence, Nebraska, where they, together with other returning Elders were organized for crossing the plains.

On the twentieth of February, the day after the departure of the Empire, Elders Samuel W. Richards, and Hector C.

Haight (who had presided over the Scandinavian mission) sailed for America.

With the departure of these brethren, all the Utah Elders, with a very few exceptions had left the shores of Europe for their homes in the west. The Scandinavian Mission was left in charge of Carl

Widerborg, a native of Norway;

the Swiss and Italian Mission was left to the watch care of Elder Jabez Woodard, a Utah Elder.

From Florence the returning missionaries crossed the plains and mountains to the Valley in several small companies.

One of these known as the express party, left the frontiers in April.

Having traveled as far as Sweetwater, Samuel W.

Richards, Geo.

Snyder and John Y.

Green left the main company and hurried on to Salt Lake City, where they arrived on the tenth of May.

The remainder (in charge of Jeter Clinton) traveled unmolested as far as Green River, where Elders Clinton, J.

N.

Whaley, J. W.

Turner and L.

H.

Hatch were taken prisoners by the soldiers.

Whaley was indicted for murder, said to have been committed several years previously.

Bail to the amount of five thousand dollars was required for which Dr Clinton was accepted as surety, after which the missionaries were allowed to continue their journey in peace, and soon afterwards arrived in Salt Lake City safe and well.

Elder Seymour B. Young, together with six other returning Elders, also left the frontiers in the beginning of April, and crossed the plains with eighteen horses and mules, and a light wagon carrying grain for the animals.

But the most of the returning Elders crossed the plains in what was known as the Missionary Camp.

This company left Florence about the first of May, and arrived in Salt Lake City on the ninth and tenth of July.

Previous to this, on the twenty-first of June, 1858, another company of Elders returning from missions in Europe, Canada and the States, arrived in Salt Lake City.

{Millennial Star, Vol. XIX, pp.

634, 713;

XX, pp.

154, 171, 266, 347, 379.

476:

Deseret News, Vol. VIII, pp.

83. 9i-) No emigration of importance crossed

38o CHURCH EMIGRATJON.

the Atlantic or plains in 1858, except the Elders who returned from their respective missonary fields.

One small company, however, composed mostly of young, unmarried men who received special permission to emigrate, notwithstanding the pending difficulties with Uncle Sam, left the shores of Europe for the "Valleys of the Mountains"in 1858 The following is a short account of that company:

One Hundred and Third Company—John Bright, 90 Saints.

About seventy-five emigrants assembled at Korsoer, on Sjcelland, Denmark, Feb.

20, 1858, with the expectation of commencing the journey to Utah, by way of Kiel and

Hamburg, but the ice having interrupted all steamship transportation between KarsOer and Kiel, the emigrants were compelled to take passage across "Storebelt"to the island of Fyen, thence across "Lillebelt"and via Haderslev and Apenrade to Flensburg, where an unscrupulous hotel keeper charged the emigrants sixty-five Rigsdaler (about thirtyfive dollars) for a cup of coffee, a few cakes and a little mild beer served to each of the company.

From Flensburg the journey was continued by rail to Hamburg, where the emigrants arrived on the twenty-third of February to find the Elbe frozen over, making navigation impossible.

The emigration agent who had met them in Flensburg, succeeded in making arrangements for their shipment from Bremerhafen; consequently they left Hamburg on the third of March, and traveled with three wagons to Bremerhafen, where they arrived the'following day and at once boarded a steamship bound for England.

The little company was in charge of Elder Iver N.

Iversen, who returned home from a mission to Scandinavia.

For four days and a half, after sailing from Bremerhafen, the emigrants were tossed about on the troubled waves of the German Ocean, and were at length compelled to return to Bremerhafen to obtain a fre^h supply of coal.

While waiting in port for an opportunity to make a fresh start, one of the emigrants, Sister Anna Louise Madsen, died on the tenth of March.

On the eleventh an attempt was made to force the ship through the ice, but this did not prove successful until the following day, when the steamer at last reached the open sea, and once more steered for Hull, England, where she finally arrived on the fourteenth.

The following day the journey was continued by rail to Liverpool, where the emigrants were gathered in an emigrant house, there they tarried until the eighteenth, when they went on board the ship John Bright, which sailed from Liverpool on the twenty-second.

Besides the Scandinavian emigrants (who now numbered eighty souls) and nine English Saints there were also about six hundred Irish emigrants (non-Mormons) on board.

During the voyage which lasted thirtytwo days, a young Danish woman and a little child died.

The ship anchored at New York on the twenty-third of April, and the passengers landed on the twentyfourth. {Millennial Star, Vol. XX, p 346.) From New York, the emigrants continued the journey on the twenty sixth of April, and proceeded by rail via Dunkirk, Buffalo, Cleveland and Chicago, to Iowa city, where they arrived on the first of May.

Here the little company was dissolved, and the young unmarried brethren, fourteen in number, commenced the journey towards the west on the ninth of May with four mule teams, in charge of Hector C.

Haight.

At Florence these brethren joined with returning missionaries, after which the whole company numbered forty souls, who traveled \yith thirteen wagons, and forty-seven mules and horses, in charge of Horace S.

Eldredge.

After thirty-nine days'journey > from Florence, the company arrived in Salt Lake City on the ninth of July.

The other emigrants remained a short time in Iowa City and vicinity; a portion of them started for the mountains about the middle of June, 1858, under the leadership of Iver N.

Iversen, and ar rived in the Valley on the twentieth of September, while the remainder (except two families), in charge of Captain. H omer and C. O Folkman, left for the

LABOR AND PRAYER.

38i Valley soon afterwards, in company with several English Saints, and arrived in Salt Lake City on the sixth of October.

{Millennial Star, Vol.

XX, p.

234.) {Morgenstjernen, Vol.

Ill, p. 66.) The number of Saints and returning Elders who crossed the Atlantic in in the ships Underwriter, Empire, and John Bright, was one hundred and seventy nine;

if the other returning Elders who sailed for America on different ships in the early part of the year were added, the number would exceed two hundred.

Elder William I.

Appleby, who had edited the Mormon, in New York City, after the departure of Apostle John Tayfor the Valley, arrived in

Salt Lake City on the fifteenth of October, with a small company of missionaries and Saints.

This closed the small emigration of 1858.

{Deseret Ne7v$, Vol. VIII, p 142.) Andreiv Jenson.

LABOR AND PRAYER.

To say that labor is equally a divine command, and is as important as that of prayer, is evidently a simple declaration of the truth A truth not commonly advocated as partaking of any divine eminency, but rather that labor is merely the common lot of humanity; a burden to be avoided, or at least made light as possible.

The appointment to man that he should dress, till and cultivate the earth for an occupation, and eat of its fruits by the sweat of his brow, came from the same wise Lawgiver as Him to whom prayer is offered for spiritual gifts and blessings.

Man's temporal life is preserved to him by the fruits of toil.

It is written that the idler shall not eat the bread nor wear the garments of the laborer; and of the idler in Zion the Lord has said, "he shall not have place in the Church, except he repent."Man's spiritual life is nourished with divine energy and vitality, by partaking of the fruits of God's spirit, which are given in answer to prayer.

These fruits are faith, hope, love, and that charity which never faileth, all which are spiritual gifts adapted to the spiritual needs of man, giving him peace and jov unspeakable, arising from a consciousness of his

Heavenly Father's approval.

The earth was cursed for man's sake, that it might be adapted to man's fallen nature, and bring forth fruits that were perishable, and adapted to feed the life of man now doomed to perish.

This change from the immortal fruits of the garden to the perishable fruits it must now bring forth for the sustenance of man, required that they be periodically renewed, and this necessitated man's labor and toil, year by year, to produce what was required for his temporal welfare.

No man can despise labor and refuse or neglect to do his share without placing himself in direct and flagrant opposition to the decree and command of God.

He created the earth and placed man upon it, and to him He gave dominion over the beasts of the field, the fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea, all which were made to contribute to his welfare; and by him they were to be preserved as belonging to his dominion.

In all things, it is labor that secures the reward.

Every man shall be rewarded according to his works.

Manual labor here secures the comforts?nd nece-saries of this life.

Labors in the priesthood of God relating to spiritual things, whether in the ministry proclaiming the words of life, or in the ordinances through which the gift and power of God come to the children of men, these secure a continuation of our spiritual life, even life everlasting, immortal and eternal.

The one by God's decree is made a necessity here, the other a necessity there;

and unless man submits cheerfully to the law in both cases he has only a brief

LABOR AND PRAYER.

miserable life as the result of his disobedience to the divine laws of his being.

To till the ground, to tend the flocks, and make the garments, are all necessary avocations implied by the highest law given to man, and by that law instructions have been given in reference to these pursuits.

Only six days out of seven can be lawfully appropriated to this class of labor—a most wise and appropriate enactment for the protection of man's physical energies, and powers of endurance.

The devil works with idle brains

His wicked mischief to devise,

And then with idle hands he works 'Till crime all wholesome law defies.

As labor and exercise are necessary to physical development and muscular strength, so faith and prayers are essential—are indispensable requisites to spiritual development and divine power.

Man without them has no more favor with God than the idler has; there is no place lor such in the Church of Christ, nor in the dominion of God's love.

If we shun toil and hardships, and live in luxury and ease, there is a constant deterioration both in our physical and mental energies;

so life devoid of faith and prayer is constantly losing that moral sensibility which gives character to man, and makes him heaven's favorite.

Prayer is the magnetic power of a Christian's life.

It lifts up both in thought and in desires;

it draws to, and makes the weak cling more firm'y to the strong.

It asks and receives all that man can desire, or that God can give.

It is the key to our spiritual life.

By it the heavens may be opened and converse held with spirits of the redeemed, who have passed from death unto life.

In the order of discipline arranged by God for the benefit of man and adapted to the varied conditions of humanity, he has always been careful to anticipate and provide amply for all man's temporal wants;

pledged Himself that seed time and harvest shall continue, tint the laborer may be sure of a bounteous reward for his toil.

He has so arranged the powers of administration in His government, that all authority necessary to the adjustment of temporal affairs among men may remain with them, greatly to their advantage, even while they are in rebellion to the higher law of man's spiritual welfare, as when He dealt with

Israel while journeying in the wilderness, taking from them the priesthood that administered in spiritual things, but left with them the Aaronic or Levitical priesthood, which administered in temporal things.

Their social relations, their manner of dealing with each other, their difficulties and differences were all adjusted by that authority, and none needed to want who would comply with the laws suited to their condition.

While they journeyed the manna was sufficient to feed them all, but when they had entered the promised land, labor and toil provided the required sustenance.

To engage in the hardships, care and responsibilities of life was the common lot of all; and under the direction of that priesthood and authority which administers in temporal things, Israel multiplied and prospered in the land.

Their success in inheriting the land, and the wealth they acquired became a proverb that went forth to the ends of the earth, and when the queens and great ones of the earth came to learn the truth of what they had heard, they were constrained to say that the half had not been told to them.

The magnificence and grandeur of their architectural achievements, their lofty towered temples gorgeously enriched with gold, and their flourishing cities throughout the land, were a proclamation to the world that to worship the God of their fathers, Abraham, Isaac and

Jacob, was far better than to worship the gods of idolatrous nations who bowed to images of wood and stone.

So when Latter-day Saints shall all put away idleness, with which God is displeased, and spend their energies as by Him directed under the law of stewardship in their temporal affairs, and cooperate for the general welfare; the fullness of the earth will be theirs, their wealth the treasures of the everlasting hills, and God in His glory be in the midst of them.

Then the prayer "thy kingdom come"will be answered.

A COLOSSAL GEOBE, AND HOW WE REACHED IT

It would be well if all men would look their duties fairly in the face, and learn the fact that idleness is a sin; that work alone is divine;

that God blesses the one, and frowns with displeasure upon the other.

The law of God looks singly to the moral perfection of mankind—to making men industrious, intelligent, virtuous and happy.

Christ taught His disciples to pray to the Father that His Kingdom might come, and His will be done on earth as it is done in heaven.

The prayer of faih may heal the sick, and where faith abounds God's children may ask what they will and it may be done for them.

It was in answer to prayer that the heavens were opened, and messengers were sent to Joseph in answer to his fervent supplications.

Indeed, prayer is the only sure passport to heaven.

The Lord has said in our day, that, "all victory and glory is brought to pass unto you through your diligence, faithfulness, and prayers of faith."Jesus in His direst extremity prayed to the Father that not His own, but the Father's will should be done here on earth, even in His own case of personal need.

How perfectly this was in keeping with the prayer He had taught His disciples.

The fervent prayer of faith in God's promises ascends on high, and is admitted to the sacred presence. where love's listening ear hears every plea, and from which place swift winged messengers echo the divine answer of assurance, peace, and life, to the suppliant of His grace and mercy.

Then love the labor of our hands,

That feed the life to us here given,

But more the prayer that fits the soul,

For God and happiness in heaven.

.S". W. Richards^ A COLOSSAL GEODE, AND HOW WE REACHED IT.

Those of our readers who are at all interested in the study of rocks and stones have probably observed some of the peculiar concretions or nodules which frequently occur in certain kinds of stratified rock.

These structures are usually rounded;

sone of them, indeed, are almost perfect spheres, and many are hollow, having their inner walls covered with beautiful crystals.

Such a hollow nodule, whether possessing a crystaline lining or not, is known as a geode.

Geodes are of varying composition, and they abound in certain rock formations.

Some of the shells consist of limestone, with an inner layer of calcite crystals; others are composed of silica or quartz, lined by a profusion of pure rock crystals, the prisms being directed inward.

Occasionally in a vein of copper ore a geode may be found having its inner surface of the richest green, from a multitude of needle-like crystals of malachite; others of similar occurrence and formation are lined with azurite, the hue of which seems to have been borrowed from a summer sky.

Most of these crystal cavities are small; some of them, indeed, have to be examined with a lens to be at all appreciated though the nodules most frequently occurring in strata vary from the size of a pea to that of a man's head.

Now I wish to tell you of a geode, which in form and appearance, and probably also in process of formation, is very much like these referred to, but of mammoth proportions.

It is composed of pure gypsum or selenite, and many of the single crystals are of gigantic size.

This wonderful formation was discovered within a few miles of the majestic Henry

Mountains, in Southern Utah.

It is situated in a small tributary of the Fremont

Canyon, and this in turn leads to the Grand Canyon of the Colorado.

Having once visited the formation in the course of a summer's exploring trip, I could not feel contented till arrangements had been made for another journey to the place, with equipments for properly studying the occurrence.

A few months ago our small party, provided with necessary riding horses and wagons, camp equi-

;S4 A COLOSSAL GEODE, AND HOW WE REACHED IT.

page, instruments and tools, set out from the railway terminus toward the selenite deposit.

The section of country through which our journey lay possesses a beauty and a grandeur beyond description.

Nature appears to guard some of her treasures so carefully that even the artist cannot steal them away.

In wending our way from the Sevier River toward the Fremont, we traverse many verdure covered hills and plains, displaying a wealth of flowers, shrubbery and animal life; these regions alternating with mountains that are barren and seemingly lifeless, if we except a few hardy insects and several varieties of desert lizards.

Among the latter is the curious horned toad, a hideous looking, but really a perfectly harmless creature.

Many of these bare hills are ablaze with color; almost every conceivable tint and shade may there be found: pink, light red, and carmine lead to the most intense vermillion; and these are varied by browns and purples, chocolates, light greens, blues, and blacks.

At intervals lava dykes jut through the sedimentary deposits and give an element of sternness to the view; and in a few favorable spots stunted cedars or pinion pines relieve the intensity with their comparatively delicate green.

Sandstones and argillites of many varieties abound.

Branches and huge trunks of trees may be seen lying in the sand, completely petrified, or, as we more properly say, silicified.

Some of these are from fifty to seventy feet long.

Most of these stone trees are of the black jaspery variety of silica, though a few consist of rich carnelian.

Weathering effects are conspicuous in all the canyons, resulting in innumerable fantastic forms.

One's imagination can easily find in the cliffs the bust of any favorite hero;

there are also figures of animals and birds, houses of splendid proportions, castles, palaces and cathedrals.

Our camp was often pitched in deep and narrow canyons, with the mountains ri-ing in solemn and forbidding majesty on either side, their grandeur greatly magnified at night by the weird effect of the moonlight Surely, in such a temple no atheist can refuse to pray;

though his lips speak not, his heart must declare his adoration.

In passing through one of the deepest defiles, known as the Grand Wash, the scenery is even more impressive; indeed, it might easily become oppressive.

At times we could not trace the bed of the canyon for more than twenty yards ahead at that distance the walls seemed to come together and thus to forbid progress.

Trustfully making our way so far, however, the road was surely opened beyond.

Sometimes at a height of hundreds of feet above the present bed of the stream, we would find vast ledges of clay and sandstone exhibiting numerous ripple marks and rain drop prints, and containing imbedded shells of mollusks.

These occurrences tell the story that once a vast lake covered the place; the movements of its waters, the storms that beat upon its shores, and the animals that found shelter in its bosom have been truthfully and fully described in the stony volume which there lies open before us.

After a week's journey from the railway, we went into camp at the selenite deposit.

The crystals occur in a cave, which is inclosed by a shell of gypsum;

and this mound-like structure stands on the side of a sandstone hill.

This is the geode which we have come to see.

What a contrast with the hand specimens we have been accustomed to examine!

From without, the mound appears to be roughly egg shaped;

it is almost thirtyfive feet long, ten wide, and averages twenty feet from the ground on the lower side to the top.

It is composed entirely of selenite, even the outside exhibiting a multitude of crystal faces, which sparkle in the sunlight with a brilliancy that commands admiration from a distance of miles.

On the east end an opening occurs, large enough to admit a man without discomfort;

within, one may make his way backward about twentyfive feet, and by exercising care he may clamber up between the crystals to a height of fifteen feet.

The inner walls bear a multitude of huge crystals which project into the cavern from either side, a few extending completely across like immense beams.

Several of the crystals

COLUMBIANA.

which have been sawn from the wall, are each larger and heavier than the body of a full-grown man.

Perfect prisms of selenite five feet in length are found; one of the finest to be seen is fifty-one inches long, and attached to one of its faces are nineteen smaller crystals.

Twin crystals in great variety are common, and groups, each containing many beautiful prisms, also occur.

We took from the floor of the cavern a very large group weighing over six hundred pounds, containing numerous individual crystals.

Many of the crystals are of perfect transparency;

others are covered with a thin layer of sand and clay, which must be removed that the luster and purity of the substance may be rendered apparent.

A few feet below the floor, which is made up mostly of sand driven in by the wind, we found that the gypsum shell closes in, forming, therefore, a perfect nodule or geode.

The material of the hill upon which the geode stands, as indeed most of the local country rock, consists of sand and clay, which materials yield readily to the weathering action of wind and water.

Selenite, though soft, is fibrous and tough, and so is capable of resisting to a remarkable degree the ordinary eroding agencies.

The result in this case is that the hill, which doubtless once completely inclosed the selenite geo ie, has been worn away, leaving the crystal formation in relief.

Gypsum in all its varieties, such as plasterstone, satin spar, and alabaster, consists of hydrous sulphate of lime;

its purest form is selenite.

This naturally transparent and fibrous substance may be cleaved into very thin sheets or laminae, and it may be easily cut with a knife.

I do not think that any natural occurrence of such crystals of greater size or of more perfect form has ever been reported.

The crystallizing process is one of the chief natural means of purification.

Wise men have already recognized the law that all solids tend to form regular crystals.

Do but leave Nature undisturbed, give her time to arrange the particles of matter in accordance with the laws of their being, and the result is always beautiful. The earth tends toward perfection in its organization. How could it be otherwise, indeed, with the workmanship of a Being who is the embodiment of perfection and purity, and the Author of the laws of order?

Prof. J. E.

Talmage in Popular Science News.

COLUMBIANA.

THE NAVIGATOR'S FIRST LOVE.

AN UNFAMILIAR PAGE OF HISTORY.

It is not easy to believe, in these days of scientific knowledge and advanced civilization—in these World's Fair days, to express the idea in a single phrase—that five hundred or even four hundred years ago there could have been such gross ignorance upon matters which to us are of the commonest concern, and such unyielding credulity in things and appearances which now sound to us like the most extravagant fables. We talk about the present generation being one given to idol-destroying, and image-breaking; but in comparing the work of modern iconoclasts with that of their earlier prototypes, we are forced to the conclusion that the great idols of error must have all been smashed centuries ago or must be still held in reserve for a com- ing age—our operations in this line being quite insignificant beside those of which history tells us.

Foremost among the men whose names will live forever for their achievements in dispelling error and adding a great store to the world's sum of knowledge, stands

Columbus, the discoverer of America.

In this year of jubilee, this year of the Columbian Exposition, this year of the greatest civilization and intelligence and advancement of which we have any record, his name is upon every tongue, his praise sung in every language, his crowning work commemorated in every land.

The story of his life, with its humble beginning, its fixity of purpose, its calm perseverance in the face of every discouragement, its glorious

COLUMBIANA.

[ Christopher Columbus.—From the picture in Paris—probably the most authentic.

triumph at last over every obstacle, and its sad termination, bereft ofcourtly favor and consigned almost to ignominy and disgrace—all this is familiar to the most casual reader, and has been treated in newspaper, magazine and volume until there has been almost a surfeit of this particular article of mental food. And yet there are phases of that life which have been only slightly treated, if not indeed altogether ignored.

If abler pens have traced the great man's course from infancy to the grave, be mine the task to tell somewhat of his home-life, and of influences which seem to have contributed much to the success that came to him.

The romance in the life of the ambitious

Genoese may be really said to have begun in Portugal, whither he went in search of royal aid for the prosecution of his plans of western discovery I pass over the stories of his fights with and escape from corsairs as being largely legendary—

a mythical addition, I take it, to a career that in its beginning was prosaic and uneventful.

In Lisbon, however, he completed a page of his history that possesses all the charm of real romance and seems to be nothing less than the fulfillment of a fore-ordained destiny.

He could not at this time have been considered young, as youth goes in sunny southern climes, and he was scarcely such a gallant as would have been likely to make havoc with ladies'hearts.

His reputation had perhaps not preceded him, but it followed close upon his heels and was not long in spreading wherever he went.

He was

COLUMBIANA.

ness of mind, as well as for her exceptional loveliness of temper and feature.

From early infancy she had been familiar with her father's projects and ideas, and during the intervals at home between his long voyages she was his constant companion, and drank in the enthusiasm which ever spurred him on to fresh exploration of the unknown world.

When he was absent, her mother kept alive and burning the spark which his instructions had enkindled. So that when the maiden entered the convent she was able not only to hold her own in argument against the old-time theories that were inculcated, but also to win from her companions the respect due to one whose advanced thought and courage in maintaining it gave them ever an interesting and instructive source of excitement.

Even the thick walls of the convent could not keep from her ears the gossip regarding the threadbare Genoese, whose known to be a doubter of the commonly accepted theories and superstitions that prevailed, and in his own schemes was regarded as somewhat chimerical.

His soiled doublet, when considered in connection with his pretensions to superior geographical wisdom, gave him a notoriety not at all enviable, though the saying of Portugal's late prince was doubtless a solace to him: "A tattered cloak may cover a man who can give new kingdoms to God and to Portugal, while a robe of woven gold only makes a fool more conspicuous."But the visionary stranger "of the threadbare coat"met with other greetings than the broad-minded Henry would have given him. The council of state listened to but rejected his plans—it deemed them almost sacrilege and him little less than a blasphemer.

There lived in Lisbon at this time a fellow-countryman of his, at least an Italian by parentage, named Barto'ommeo Perestrello.

He was a man of more than ordinary intelligence, of much capacity as a student and thinker, and himself a navigator of energy and daring.

He was not without success in his voyages, and he had done much toward establishing Portuguese prestige on the lower African coast.

His wife was a woman of energetic and studious temperament, and their daughter

Felipa, no less gifted in mind than beautiful in person, inherited and cherished the strong traits of character of her parents.

At the time of Columbus's coming she was an inmate of a convent in the Portuguese capital, where she was held in hiffh Bartolommeo Perestreixo, Father-in-Lav op Columbus.

esteem by her associates and the nuns for revolutionary ideas were so murh in her independence of thought and clearkeeping with, though considerably more

COLUMBIANA.

advanced than, her own.

It may'well be believed that her companions twitted her with this similarity in view between her and her poverty stricken countryman.

Perhaps her interest in him was stimumediate advances toward a nearer acquaintance.

Her charity was proverbial—though not rich she was a cheerful giver; and from the army of mendicants who clustered around the door of the Felipa, the Wife op Columbus.

lated by their illusions;

but, while it is certain that she had heard of him before he heard of her, it is equally certain that he was smitten with her charms the first time he saw her, and made imchurch where she went to worship.it was not difficult to learn her name and something of her history.

Columbus suddenly became a devout worshiper at the same shrine.

The couple met, became

COLUMBIANA.

acquainted, grew fond of each other, and—what need to prolong the old, old story?—they mutually pledged their love and in due time were married.

Prior to this time Felipa's father had died, leaving a meager estate, so far as pertained to money and lands, but priceless wealth in the form of maps and charts.

These, her sole dowry, the bride gave to her husband with her love;

and if in the first moments of his conjugal bliss the ambition of his life was somewhat blunted, a later examination of his deceased father-in-law's papers did but whet his desire for carrying out the vast projects he had so long borne in his mind.

39Q COLUMBIANA.

Soon after, the happy pair removed to the island of Porto Santo, of which Perestrello had been governor and which his daughter inherited.

Tradition says that the deceased governor had had great notions of beautifying and peopling his island, but that in an evil moment he had carried over with him a pair of rabbits, which, being set at liberty, multiplied so rapidly in the salubrious climate, that they ate up every green thing and finally rendered the land uninhabitable.

However this may be, the spot was welcome to Columbus as a place of seclusion for study and meditation; and if the larder at times grew scanty from the failure of the products of the soil, it was soon replenished from the products of his hand and brain—maps and charts for seafaring men, which, owing to their accuracy, were always in de mand and met with a ready sale.

Here the devoted pair lived in sweet simplicity until after their son Diego was born.

Here Columbus learned to appre ciate the intelligence of his devoted wife, and discovered that she had a courage even more dauntless than his own.

In the quietude of their pastoral home they studied together the precious documents left by the late governor, and agreed with him in ridiculing the superstitious fears that before his time had kept mariners close to the shore.

It had been believed that out in the ocean raged a fearful sea serpent fifty leagues in length, with a crest like a gigantic fowl.

The doubt which Columbus entertained as to the existence of this monster was strengthened by the assertion of old Bartolommeo that in all

Queen Isabella in the Dress of a Religious Order.

his voyages he had never seen anything of the kind.

Another story was that in the western sea there arose at regular intervals of time a vast living island, the terrible "Kraken"—three times as large as Sicily, and spouting from its nostrils great streams of water five times as high as the loftiest peak of Granada.

Perestrello declared that this tremendous apparition had also escaped his notice, whereupon Columbus and Felipa agreed that their father was right and the legend was wrong—there was no "Kraken "The story of the colossal "iron hand"was demolished in like fashion;

this was said to be an appearance so immense that the Kraken itself was small by comparison;

it rose from the sea, and if in sinking it did not actually clutch within its giant fingers the foolhardy vessel that ventured into its domain, it at least created such a maelstrom where it sank that the stoutest craft could not escape being drawn into the depths; nay, it was even said that the rising and sinking of this hand caused the movement of the sea which ignorant men called the tides.

All of this was appropriately and promptly rejected by Columbus and Felipa—their father's logbooks were in evidence to show that he had never beheld the grim specter.

All this, however, was but negative preparation for the work Columbus had in hand;

yet who shall say it was not necessary preparation?

Who, indeed, can estimate the value of the instruction he received from the study of his stout father-in-law's papers? And is there anyone so unjust as to belittle the influence

COLUMBIANA.

39 1 which the faith, and devotion, and courage of Felipa had upon him at this time?

The fact is, he was gradually becoming content with life as it lay before him, and it seemed likely that the comfort and studious ease which his island home afforded would only blot out the intense aspirations which before had moved him especially when he thought of the indif ference, the coldness, even the insults with which his propositions had been received at court.

But Felipa had greater confidence in him and in royal favor than he appeared to have.

She gave his ambition no chance to cool.

She insisted that he make another attempt to obtain royal recognition and if he failed in that attempt, that h e should make another, and still another. This buoyancy of hope gave him the needed stimulus.

H e tried, and kept trying, until, as all the world knows, Isabella came to the rescue, Ferdinand reluctantly joined her, the little fleet was provided and manned, the admiral (for such was now his title), set sail from Palos, and we in America today are celebrating the glorious result of his voyage.

Alas, his faithful wife did not live to see him famous;

she died even before fortune began to smile upon his endeavors.

Of the trials and disappointments that came to him between the time of her death and the acceptance of his propositions by the sovereigns of Spain,

I shall not, for reasons given in the outset, undertake to speak nor need I King Ferdinand.—From an Engraving in the Burgundian Library.

dwell upon the circumstance of his subsequent love of Beatriz Enriquez of Cordova, whose son Fernando was tenderly remembered in his father's will.

It is sufficient to say that if, as people now claim, the twentieth century is to be woman's century, an early place ought to be set aside for her to whom America's discoverer gave his early love, and who in turn did so much for him.

His glory has completely overshadowed her, and in all ihe researches made to complete the chain of his history, we have been given no more concerning her than what is here written, some of this even being unauthentic.

Surely it is n o disparagement of his triumphant work to bestow a thought o f gratitude upon her. And amid the paeans of praise that mankind now offer the name of Christopher C o 1 u m b us, coupling them all with sanctified mention o f Isabella o f Castile, I claim the justice of at least one little line to note the value of the work of old Perestrello and the virtues of his daughter, "Felipa the Fair."Espagnol.

God hides some ideal in every human soul.

At some time in our life we feel a trembling, fearful longing to do some good thing.

Life finds its noblest spring of excellence in this hidden impluse to do our best.

Robert Collyer.

A man lives by believing something, not by debating and arguing about many thinp-s.—Car/vie.

things.

Carlyle.

RANDOM

SHOTS.

NOTES OF A LECTURE.

It was Pope who said, "shoot folly as it flies,"and it is worthy of observation that "a good shot"always wishes his bird "upon the wing,"or his rabbit as it runs; there must be at least a semblance of life, an apparent chance of escape.

The intelligent sportsman always selects his weapon, and adapts its charge to the object he desires; the shotgun for the hare and prairie chicken, the rifle for the antelope or elk, the buffalo or elephant;

no howitzer or cannon blows to fragments the hapless subject of his aim.

No sparrow or chipmunk stirs the ambition of such an one. He is a royal hunter, going after the game of his choice to the jungles of India, the wilds of Africa, or the illimitable prairies of our own glorious land. The famous Gordon Cummings was of this type, grand game such as the elephant, the lion, the rhinosceros, the buffalo commands his kingly attention, this is called "sport"in contra distinction to the average hunting field of the old or new world, where the select few—the "upper ten"of the country turn out to chase the scared yet wily fox.

But while there is some analogy between the sportsman in this sense and the "shootist"in a moral sense, the parallel is not perfect;

in the latter department it has been said that "scattering shot hits most birds,"yet, "Random"shooting is not always safe;

it used to be said in the Echo Canyon War, that if hostilities had become earnest, many a man in the ranks of the patriots would have been victims to inexperienced or unintentional "random shots;"many unused to fire-arms would have been as much scared as the novice in public speaking, who when he sits down never knows what he has said, the sound of the weapons of war and the sound of his own voice are each demoralizing in their place.

The writer well remembers a random shot in the war alluded to, which to the regret of the "shootist"brought down his man.

It is hoped that no shot fired in the encounter will be fatal, it is rather hoped that those who feel hit, will take it all in good part, for it is not individuals who are aimed at, but their peculiarities which are subject to comment, correction or modification, and then only when these peculiarities may be deemed "Follies."For it is easy to understand that there are features—individualisms, which are hereditary, which belong to birth or later accident, and so the one who squints, or is deformed, or stammers, or possesses other personal defect is beyond the region of criticism or ridicule, and such misfortune or fatality should always command more than the common share of sympathy, and tender consideration.

When a man is born a fool, he is entitled to pity, but this class are very rare—at least in Utah.

When I say a fool in this connection, one of those is meant of whom it can be truthfully said, "he is not all there,"where there is "a slate oft"so to speak, a condition of semi or arrested development, imperfect faculties, functions dormant, and powers suspended;

before, or in regard to such an one all joking, all comment, all allusion is ungentlemanly, unkind, and ever of questionable taste.

The follies presently aimed at are not of that class, they are personal follies, follies which can be overcome, which it will be an advantage to give up, and if to secure this the weapons of war are persuasion, argument, ridicule, sarcasm, irony in earnest words, be sure the sportsman's vocation is a good one and his game is indeed "worth the powder and shot"Suppose the first shot is taken at the little boys and girls, or as may be truly said our little men and women, doing so on a somewhat similar idea to that of the man who, when he wanted to lift a steer, commenced with it as a calf, and by doing so every day was able to achieve his purpose.

So if the venture is made to touch Ihe boys and girls, afterward with a better grace the lecturer may "go for"the older folks.

When little folks used to be trying

"RANDOM SHOTS."to steal apples, it was no uncommon thing to fire at them with a load of peas, making them smart terribly, behind, but the flesh was unbroken, and they probably reformed. If they were old and toughened offenders, metal was the thing, for every one knows as Solomon did that an old fool, or one who has practised folly all his days, is a pretty hard case; said he, "though you bray a fool in a mortar with a pestle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him."

Nor need this be said hurriedly, any more than did the good old Scotch parson who, when preaching from that saying of King

David's, "I said in my haste all men are liars,"commented thus, "Ah

David, you need na swash so muckle in your hurry, for gin yea had been here, you might a'said it at your leisure!"

Turning again,however, to youthful follies, one of the most prominent is for almost every boy and girl to believe that "they know it all;"this idea gives that dread disease called the "big head,"which "grows with their growth, and strengthens with their strength;"those thus affected only "learn by what they suffer;"its fruits or manifestations are numerous, there is generally contempt for parents, the father is designated "the old man"or "the governor;"the mother is the "old 'oman,"really the serf or slave.

Disobedience grows from this irreverence, and the discipline of home is thought to be bondage: bad habits, such as smoking or it may be said drinking, are deemed manly;

companionship is with the uncultured and unrefined, until the half-fledged chicken wanders from the warm nest and sheltering wings of home, to find in haunts of vice and dens of infamy the gratification of unrestrained and unhallowed self!

Then the folly is exhibited of ostentatious vice, public smoking, unabashed entrance to saloon or bagnio; even when a congregation of worshipers on the sacred Sabbath leaving the house of God for home, the now hardened victim of folly stands and brazenly puffs into the face of beauty or of wrinkles and gray hairs, the incense of the cigarette, thinking probably that this smoke is indicative of the restless machinery of the inner life or brain.

Are not these evidences of degraded habit, of offensive disregard for the feelings of others? And can it be wondered that a thoughtful man sees in this not the first only, but advanced steps towards a career of dissipation, a life perverted, culminating in the destruction of the faculties of taste and smell, and finally making of such an one an outcast from good society and from God?

The boys of Utah—Our Boys, should avoid, or having formed this habit should repent and refrain speedily, the cigarette, the pipe, the cigar, and the still more filthy "chew,"should be looked upon as polluting the tabernacle, and unfitting them for contact and association with the pure and clean; and the drinking of liquor of any grade should be held as a deadly sin, and as leading down to the gates of hell, seeing that good authority has declared that "no drunkard shall inherit the Kingdom of Heaven "

Another folly which some boys indulge in, is the practice of swearing, and the use of vulgar language; some think this (as the smoker does) to be manly, and to represent force and vigor of character, but our mother tongue is rich in adjectives, rich in words to convey every thought and shade thereof without having recourse to that which is slangy, low-lived, blasphemous or obscene.

Other follies are of a secret character, and those who are guilty in this direction often think their acts to be unknown, but every act imprints itself upon the countenance, and the thieving boy, the untruthful boy, the swearing boy, the sensual boy, the drinking or smoking boy can no more disguise or hide their badge of slavery—the mark of demoralization, than can a negro the color of a servile race.

It is not an uncommon thing (if it may be mentioned) to observe another folly among young men, and that is the faith that every girl they see is in love with them, and that (there are no exceptions), they are really anxious to throw themselves away upon their self-opinionated selves. Let the boys understand that

'RANDOM SHOTS."this is a grand mistake.

If you are to be desired you must be cleanly in habit, pure in conversation, well behaved under all circumstances, then rivalry may come, but do not think that every girl who looks, who nods, who speaks, or gives her society occasionally is enamored of your superior graces of person or of habit;

the best of the fair sex are not allured by glitter, they are not caught by chaff, they cannot be taught to love or marry simply for a mustache, a curly (empty) head, or a graceful partner in the dance, nor do they admire (unless they are down themselves) those who drink and smoke, or swear, or those who swell and swagger as if they could "lord it over God's heritage,"and over

Israel's glory.

Many of our youth are guilty of another folly: they consider it a reproach to "work for their living;"to farm, to make shoes, to be a tailor, blacksmith, saddler or carpenter is not thought honorable, while to be at loose ends, to be free is their ambition; or if they deign to earn a dollar it must be in a store, to serve behind a counter, to stand beside a desk, to languish or loaf behind a profession, these are called honorable pursuits, easy, attractive, manly, desirable, when the facts are that no slavery is more intolerable than the store;

there is no pursuit but what arouses the faculties more, expands the manhood more, enlarges the soul more, and mars a man more, than does the drudgery and servitude of the counter.

That form of labor, of human effort which creates, partakes of the highest divinity, and brings humanity far nearer to God, than does the distribution of any product whatever its class may be;

to take the crude elements of nature and by the cunning hand, and inventive faculty, make that minister in forms of beauty or of use to man's comfort and enjoyment of life, is to sanctity the creative power, and glorify in labor a race allied to God.

Another common folly is that of believing that excellence in any direction can come without effort, a young man who is fitful in his studies or his occupation, will never be much there must be patience, persistence, industry, before success.

Well did the wise man urge, "seest thou a man diligent in business, he shall not stand before mean men, he shall stand before kings."Having fired so many shots at random among the boys, lest the charge of undue partiality or neglect should be incurred, turn we to the girls.

Some girls there are who aspire to and attempt to be ladies before they know what a lady is;

it is supposed by them to be one who dresses well, and never works! Some are willing to be such, while their mothers are their servants, and here and there can be heard the shallow boast that they never washed a dish, or cooked a potato, or made a bed or bread they belong to the upper ten—the elite, that class which cannot make a shirt or dress, or baby clothes, or any of the etceteras which belong to daughters, wives or mothers; they have a disposition to gad, they can shop, they can play the piano, and they can waltz, and as for reading novels, why they could not live without Waverley or the New York Weekly, they would die if the Ledger missed a week, so interested and fascinated do they become in the adventures of some lovesick couple.

Thsy go to church, to meeting (sometimes), but it is to show off a new hat, or dress, or stylish coat;

the sermon is something beyond their comprehension the testimony something to be laughed at, the sacrament something to be de spised, the meeting room is a meeting room indeed, for unless John or William or Richard are there, these Flora McFlimseys of frivolity and fashion would never darken the opened Sabbath door.

The most serious thing of life with such is to match a ribbon; to determine the color or shade of a dress;

to select a feather, flower or shape for a hat;

hours are spent in the streets and store, while powder, paint, frill and ribbon are used as accessories to catch some foolish fashionable fop, only one degree more insignificant than themselves.

What a waste of virgin freshness and purity; what a soiling of angelic wings;

what a belittling of the so-cal'ed daugh-

'RANDOM SHOTS:'ters of Zion; and what a sacrifice at the shrine of fashion, at the behest of pride and vanity; and what a misuse of precious time is thus made by these butterflies of society who fritter away the glad springtime of maidenhood and pass from the weariness of morning life, to the clouds of matrimonial duty and the exactions of assumed responsibility!

We would not have it inferred here that this element prevails, but it exists, claims to be society, arrogates to itself all the virtues of social life and sets that example which captures and dazzles, while hosts of the purest, brightest, most winsome, who live in the favor of God and in doing good, are considered slow, old-fashioned and so far "behind the times!"One more folly which demands a passing shot, is the tomfoolery of some of our marriages; the parade and display, the extravagancies of dress and exhibition of presents, as if these were the price of womanhood, and the assurance of blessing and peace. Love is as nothing, its glorifying lustre is dimmed unless aided by orange blossoms and rustling silks and lavish expenditure; more is thought of the number of guests than of the sacred rite, more of the garnished table than of the solemn responsibility; more of the groaning sideboard than of the future life; more of the financial status of the groom, than of his manly dignity and his wealth of soul!

Ah Babylon, surely thy slimy trail is over our most sacred ordinances, and thy spirit makes of our sublimest acts, a mockery and a folly To enshrine so adorable yet so frail a goddess, all her surroundings must be elaborate, no corn shock bed, no patchwork coverlet, no home-made bedstead, no rag or self-made carpet finds place or welcome in so fastidious a home, the cold though polished marble, the bed of softest down, the best of Brussels 'neath the dainty feet; we must have a hired girl, breakfast oft in bed, domestic cares a burthen born of inexperience, the food prepared by a stranger's hand; the linen smoothed by a Chinese washwoman; the babe nursed from a rubber tube;

the home transformed into a palace, the wife into an ornament, the life into a farce, and every glorifying force which dwells in earnest matrimonial venture becomes swamped in the fitful squabble, or dies amid unsatisfied surroundings from sheer indifference or despair!

Now a word or two, or a shot or two at the older heads will serve to round our brief encounter.

Many a man and woman of mature years exhibit such specimens of folly as should be expected only from less experienced subjects.

For instance there are those, who are indifferent in many things, and yet express surprise at the acts of their posterity; the drunken man is surprised that his son should follow his example; the dishonest man is surprised that his son will steal; the sharp, shrewd man is gladdened (even when surprised) to see these qualities exhibited in his son and heir; the swearing man is astounded to hear his hopeful swear, the man who never attends meeting is surprised that his son apostatizes, until he realizes as Solomon says, "That the father of a fool hath no joy;"the inveterate critic is surprised that his son becomes a sceptic, and the man who lives for self only finds out his grand mistake when the fruits of his life grow on the offshoots of the parent stock.

Many have in years gone by, nay lately, been surprised, when from boarding aliens and enemies to the covenant of the

Gospel, a whole family have imbibed a similar spirit, and found the way to the apostate's fearful fate, and hosts of fathers have been surprised at the selections made by their son > for wives and more by their daughters for husbands, when they saw the evil growing, and more than all, never took the first step to have desirable associations introduced to either, but left everything to chance in this, one of the most important steps of life, and the turning point of destiny to almost all who tread its fruitful paths.

Is not every one familiar with the oddities, crudities and inconsistencies of religious belief and thought?

Is there any intelligent member of the Church who is not posted as to the vagaries with which their fathers were for ages surrounded,

TIMES AND EVENTS OF THE MIDDLE AGES.

and to which they were subjected in Christendom at large?

Have not these left home and country, friends and families, occupation, position and prospects, for what they claimed and testified to as the

Gospel of Jesus Christ?

And yet"who does not know that after all testimony and all sacrifice, examples are not rare where the principles of life and truth have been stifled in the embraces of its ostensible friends?

Who does not know (if observant) that scepticism and infidelity have rooted themselves in our most favored families?

Was not the sacred order of plural marriage derided often by those whom it produced, and to whom it was the highest blessing?

Women have at times sacrificed for a mistaken selfishness, themselves, their husbands, their homes, their families and their friends; unfaithful Saints have furnished the weapon, provided the powder and shot, loaded the deadly missile and fired its fearful contents into the sanctuary of the Church and the shrine of divine intelligence to gratify passion and whim and fancy and self!

Men once enlightened under the domination of evil, have maligned the authority of God, they have despised His ordinances and rejected His apostles and prophets, in order that tradition and custom, and Babylon and hell might become established in the gathering places of the

Saints; but the end is not yet, and though these may even claim to have been guileless save of simple unpremeditated and undesigned acts of folly, yet salvation must and will eventually have to come from that vast host of Israel who have not planted or expected to "gather grapes from thorns or figs from thistles;"they have been taught of the spirit that "whatsoever man sows that also shall he reap,"if they "sow to the wind they shall reap the whirlwind,"if they "sow to the flesh they shall of the flesh reap corruption, yet, if they sow to the spirit, they shall of the spirit reap everlasting life."

If the words uttered have savored of harshness, be not as of those who after listening to a celebrated minister's searching discourse, each went his way, dividing and applying to his neighbors and acquaintances unpalatable truth;

selfblindness made them liberal, or fluttering wings told who was hit;

for men may be like the ostrich, which when pursued by the hunter, thrusts his head into the sand, and fondly imagines his great proportions are unseen;

and those whose follies may have been noted, whether men, women, youth or children may essay to hide their heads in the sand, the hunter discerns the object of his chase and hits the shining mark

Many other, probably prominent follies, common as observation tells, might have been singled as a target for our random shots, but long and continued firing would heat even a cannon made by Krupp and endanger an explosion, so, rather than that this should be the case in one of vastly smaller calibre, we shall pack our fowling piece, shoulder our shot and shell and retire from the exercise of "random firing at common follies."H. W.

Naisbitt.

TIMES AND EVENTS OF THE MIDDLE

AGES.

in.

THE BATTLE OF CHALONS.

The tourist may see about five miles from Chalons,France.some grassy mounds surrounded by the trenches from which human hands have raised them.

It is a quiet spot today and many a sun has risen and set, and many a moon has waxed and waned since that huge fortification was built around its military host.

Nearly fifteen hundred years ago—in the year 451

A. D.—a mighty conqueror was brought to bay upon this spot.

It was Attila the Hun,—the scourge of God, the dread of the nations, the mighty Etzel of legendary lore.

He had come from the interior of Asia and invaded the barbarous hosts of eastern Europe; had overcome large tracts of country, subdued or dispersed the Goths, frightened the Europeans, degenerate Roman and vigorous Teuton alike, by his human ugliness

TIMES AND EVENTS OF THE MIDDLE AGES.

and cruelty.

Rome was dying but not yet dead and her expiring effort was the final blow, which was to decide the fate of this conquering hero—was to decide whether Europe was henceforth to be Turanian or Aryan, Christian or heathen, and whether all that was grand and beautiful of classic civilization were to be submerged and lost in a flood of Mongolian conquest.

If we could but spare time and space it would be an interesting task to trace the career and migration of the Huns and follow the branches of the race as they seem to extend along the Ural Mountains, on either side, and across to the Finns and Ugrians with a heavy mixture among the Magyars.

The Huns who fanatically followed Attila to victory or death, believing him under the special inspiration and protection of their deities, are no doubt the ancestors of a large bulk of the Magyars or modern Hungarians and the latter proudly claim the ancient scourge as one of the founders of their royal dynasty.

But we must brush away the temptation to digress and proceed plainly with our story.

In the titles which Attila assumed we recognize the ancient ostentation of the

Orientals. "Attica, descendant of the great

Nimrod, nurtured in Engaddi.

By the grace of God, king of the Huns and the

Goths, the Danes and the Medes.

The Dread of the World."In these titles we also trace the skill with which he takes advantage of the legends and superstitions of various nations.

Could he have substantiated his assumed title of king of the Danes and the Medes, which represented almost the extremities of the known world, his empire would have been of wider extent than the more ancient one of Alexander, and suggested in a word the vastness of his conquests.

This was not true as a plain statement, for his absolute control was not established over them, but these nations doubtless paid him tribute as to a dreaded master, whom it were best to conciliate.

But Attila's dominion was nevertheless great.

The vast country north ot the Danube and the Black Sea, and eastward of the

Caucasus, with some Roman territory south of the Danube, acknowledged him as absolute lord.

And now he was no longer satisfied with an empty title, but was determined to master Europe, and especially the fair provinces of Spain and southern France.

A Roman princess who believed her self injured by her brother, sent him a secret embassy offering her hand and dowry if he would come and redress her wrongs.

This gave him a pretext for an invasion, and with seven hundred thousand men he proceeded upon his march.

He conquered cities and tribes, leaving not one stone upon another in his path.

A Christian hermit approached him at one time with the world-renowned words:

"Thou art the scourge of God for the chastisement of the Christians!"The suggestion was immediately appropriated by the Hun as a new appellation of menace to his foes.

Aetius, the last Roman general, exerted himself to the utmost to collect an army which might face the Hunnish hosts with some hope of success. Every Roman subject who could possibly bear arms was enlisted, and in his effort he was as heartily joined by King Roderic of the Visigoths and some of the newly established kings of the Franks and other Teuton tribes.

Attila had marched through the German countries spreading devastation in his path and had at last laid siege to the city of Orleans which was the key to all the southern provinces. The city had offered a brave and determined resistance.

The Roman and Gothic armies effected a juncture to the south of the Loire and immediately proceeded to the relief of the besieged city.

Attila at once retreated and calling in his scattered wings concentrated his forces upon the vast plain of Chalons-sur-Marne. His position could not have been excelled, as his strength lay in his cavalry and as his numerous hosts were skillful warriors, wild, well trained and of such hideousness as to be scarcely human, their origin being attributed in those darkly superstitious times, to the union of black hags with evil spirits, they presented a most formidable adversary to the opposing hosts who were defending their country and their homes.

TIMES AND EVENTS OF THE MIDDLE AGES.

When the armies were arrayed for the conflict, Aetius took up his position on a sloping hill from whence Attila, who commanded his center, hoped to remove him.

This was the signal for the commencement of the terrible battle.

Aetius stood his ground and successfully repulsed the center of the Huns, while the

If ft wing, under Theodoric, attacked and overcame the right wing of Attila's forces, which consisted of Ostrogothic allies;

then wheeling around, attacked the flank of Attila's main guard.

King Roderic was killed in the beginning of the engagement, but his son Prince Thorismund, signalized himself throughout the engagement and was proclaimed king upon the field of battle.

Attila was conquered in body but not in spirit.

Repelling the Gothic cavalry, he made his retreat towards the camp referred to in the opening of our story.

Night fell and brought rest and content to one part of the contestants;

eternal rest to one hundred and sixty-five thousand bodies that lay in mangled heaps for miles around, and "slept well"after those two days of mortal toil—but to the other party the gloom of defeat and the danger of pursuit, another kind of toil by night must succeed the toil of battle by day.

Intrenchments were formed, and when Aetius and his allies prepared for another attack on the following morning, they were surprised to behold a curious pyramidal heap of wooden saddles mounted by

Attila himself;

at the foot of the heap and surrounding it were the spoils taken in war, on which were seated his wives who had accompanied him in the campaign;

surrounding the camp were stationed his hardiest archers who had survived the battle, and at the foot of the hill of saddles were stationed soldiers with torches in their hands to kindle the funeral pyre in the event of the archers being defeated and the intrenchments forced.

Perhaps it was respect for the desperate resoluteness of his great adversary or it may have been that Aetius was wary or jealous of the increasing glory of his Visigothic neighbors and thought it just as well to let Attila live and remain a counterpoise or menace to these natural enemies of Rome.

In either event young Thorismund was persuaded to return to his capital, and tlie brave Hun was permitted to make his retreat in peace. And although he afterwards invaded Europe and descended to the very gates of Rome which enormous bribes alone dissuaded him from entering, the spell was broken and the menace to Europe was at an end.

Attila died two years after the battle of Chalons and with his death his empire became dissevered, the subject nations which he had conquered emancipating themselves by revolt and the greatness of the Hunnish name was past forever.

THE FRANKS.

First among the conquering nations who rose to eminence on the ashes of Rome, we find a confederated tribe of Teutons who were called Franks.

Guizot believes that they were a confederation of tribes dwelling between the Rhine, the Weser and the Main, and that the Allemanni were a similar league to the south of the Main.

As we have seen in a previous paper, the imperial purple of the Roman emperors passed to the Ostrogoths who became very significant in European politics under Theodoric the Great.

But this empire did not survive its founder long before it was overthrown by its eastern rival, the Byzantine Empire.

In the scramble that ensued among the different nations for possession of the spoils, the Franks secured a valuable share.

The Greeks applied to the whole of south-eastern Europe the term Celtic, and to the inhabitants, indiscriminately, that of Celts.

Later the Romans applied the name of Gallia or Gaul to the country lying between the Pyrenees and the Rhine.

Caesar, in his "Commentaries,"describing the country and its inhabitants divides the latter into three tribes, the Aquitani, the Gauls and the Belgae.

These had at an earlier period conquered and destroyed another race and were, in turn, driven to the wall by other conquerors.

Gaul became subject to Rome in the days of Caesar, and

THE COURIER OE THE

CZAR.

by the time that the empire finally succumbed, it was pretty well flooded by the Visigoths in the south, and the Teutons in the remaining provinces.

Among the allied forces who fought against Attila at Chalons was Merovens, king of the Franks, founder of the Merovingian dynasty.

His son Childeric succeeded him and in 481 his grandson,

Clovis, became the real founder of the independent Frankish monarchy.

The latter was a warrior and, as Hallam remarks "he was cast in the true mould of conquerors, and may justly be ranked among the first of his class, both for the splendor and the guiltiness of his ambition."In the battle of Soissons he defeated Syagrius, the Roman governor of a Gaulish province, and thereby destroyed the last vestige of Roman authority in Gaul.

In a great battle near Poitiers, he defeated the Goths and swept from them nearly all their possessions north of the Pyrenees—all except Septimania, a strip of coast lying between the Pyrenees and the Rhone.

Clovis had married a Christian, princess of Burgundy, named Clotilda and through her influence he vowed that the god whom she worshiped should be the god of his nation should victory perch upon his banner in his struggle against the Allemanni who were his rivals for the possession of the land.

He gained the victory, pursued the enemy into the heart of Germany and compelled the people who occupied the south-western regions to swear allegiance to him.

He was immediately baptized and his subjects followed his example.

Thus we see Christianity established in France and south-western Germany simultaneously, with the solidification of the Frankish empire, and the triumph of the German race.

Clovis died in 511 and his empire was partitioned between his four sons, who continued a conquering policy and their empire became the largest and greatest in

Europe, comprising as it did, the whole country from the Pyrenees to the mountains of Bv>hemia, and from the Alps to the North Sea.

But jealousy and murder were the characteristics of the Merovingian race among which two queens—Fredegonde and Brunehaut—figure conspicuously.

Decimated by murder the race of Clovis had in 613 but one representative left.

This was Clotaire II., under whom the Frankish kingdoms were again united.

The height of g'ory and power to which this attained was in the reign of Dagobert,

Son ol Clotaire II., after which their greatness suddenly collapses and the succeeding are dubbed insensati or idiots, while the responsibilities and prerogatives of their position were exercised by officers who were styled the Mayors of the Palace.

Ruby Lamont.

THE COURIER OF THE CZAR.

It was nearing the hour of sunset, and the sun, low in the western sky, was gilding the peaks of the Urals with a ruddy glow, while already the valley was filling with the twilight shadows of approaching night.

Gathered about the doorway of a small station on the government post road between Perm and Yekaterineberg, and in the heart of the Urals, was a group of officers in the uniform of the Russian army.

One, a young man, was seated at the table outside the hostelry, finishing his evening repast ere continuing his journey.

The others, of whom there were three, formed a party by themselves, with which the young man at the table had no connection, and one of these, a young officer of dragoons, was pacing impatiently back and forth, his sword clanking at every stride.

"Curse on such delay!"he growled, angrily; then turning to the smotretal, or station master, standing in the door, for the tenth time repeated an inquiry which for the tenth time received the same

THE COURIER OF THE

CZAR.

answer, accompanied by a deprecating bow, that all the horses were out save the three now being harnessed in the stable yard to the tarantasse of his excellency here, which were the three required by the government to be always in readiness for the use of its special couriers, and therefore forbidden to all other travelers along that road; but if the dragoon would have the patience to await the coming of a team from the next station, he could, no doubt, be ppeedily accommodated and as the smotretal spoke, he motioned to the officer eating, as the courier in question.

"And I, too, travel on business connected with the czar,"said the dragoon, turning to the courier, "and as it is of pressing importance, I beg of you, sir, to grant me the favor of waiving your right to the horses and permit me to continue my journey without interruption.""I regret being unable to grant your request,"answered the courier, civilly.

"This document will, I think, show you that I have the right of way, even had I not arrived here before yourself.

My errand is of great urgency;

I must be on the road as soon as the horses are harnessed and I have finished my meal,"and as he spoke he exhibited his courier's paderofnia, or road pass, which, as such, being of the first class, entitled its bearer to the right of way over all others traveling in either direction along that road.

As neither of the others held a pass higher than of the second class, they were forced to submit to the inevitable.

The dragoon dropped into a chair at a table with a growl, and called for a glass of vodka.

While he was drinking, his attention was attracted to a young girl, humbly clad, but with a tall, graceful figure, who at that moment appeared from the interior of the station bearing a steaming samovar, which she placed on a table slightly apart from the rest, at which sat an old, white-bearded Jew, by whose side she quietly seated herself, and, the old Jew drawing from his wallet some bits of broken bread and meat, the two began to eat their frugal repast.

Their dusty garb was that of the peasant.

The Jew's staff, which lay at his feet, and the weary air of himself and the maiden, betokened that they had come a long way afoot.

They ate regardless of the rude stares leveled upon them by the dragoon and his fellow- officers.

A certain air about the young Jewess bespoke her of a higher degree than her dress indicated.

What chiefly drew the attention of the dragoon to her, was the fact that she was closely veiled; and as she slightly raised her veil in order to eat, she disclosed the lower half of a face of unusual beauty in feature and contour.

The dragoon drank off his vodka, and addressing a few words in an undertone to one of his comrades, the two presently arose and sauntering to the table, seated themselves opposite the old Jew and the girl.

"We are fortunate in that we need not eat alone,"said the dragoon, leering at the girl.

"Lass, a cup of tea from your samovar!"and as he spoke, he extended his cup to her.

She took it with a silent inclination of the head, filled it, and handed it back.

"One could not wish to be served by a fairer Hebe,"went on the dragoon, swallowing the tea at a draught, "and I warrant thou art her peer in good looks!

Here is toll for the tea,"and he threw her a silver coin.

The girl had drawn her veil close at the approach of the rakes, and she now made a motion to rise, leaving the coin on the table untouched.

"What!

Thou wilt not accept money?

By Zeus, here is a marvel!

Come, let me see thy face, that I may know the appearance of such a wonder!"cried the officer, also rising.

At this insult the young Jewess indignantly left the table, and attempted to reenter the station house.

"What, you will not speak?

Nay, then, for that I will not only see thy face, but shall have a kiss from thee, as well!"and he sprang towards her.

The old Jew, who had also gained his feet, raised his staff in his daughter's defense, but was promptly floored by a blow from the dragoon's companion.

Flinging his arms about the girl, the dragoon held her in his embrace, and

THE COURIER OF THE

CZAR.

raising her veil despite her struggles and a sharp cry for aid, approached his bearded lips to her cheek for the coveted kiss; but no sooner did he look on her face than he cast her from him with a smothered oath and recoiled, to be himself clutched in a firm grasp and whirled about face to face with the young courier who, attracted by the cry, had sprung to the girl's assistance.

"Scoundrel!

Attempt to repeat your rascally insult, and it will be at your risk!"he cried.

"Curses!

What right have you to interfere?

Unhand me!"hissed the dragoon.

"Not without your promise to leave the girl alone."The dragoon's reply was a sudden, vicious blow with his clenched fist upon the courier's temple.

The latter flushed redly, and releasing his hold, stepped back a pace, crying in a voice of suppressed passion:

"Draw, sir, and defend yourself!"Next second the long, rapier-like sword of each flashed from their scabbards and clashed in mid air.

In a moment the loungers at the station door had gathered about them in a ring and were watching the combat eagerly, no one offering to interfere.

Boih were skilled swordsmen, and for a while the battle was waged without either side gaining any perceptible advantage; but it was finally ended by the courier ripping up the sword-arm of his opponent, whose blade was sent spinning in the air.

The dragoon uttered a cry of pain and started back, clutching his wounded arm.

"Curses on you!"he hissed;

"I will be even with you for this I know you, Ivan Strelitski, and your errand;

but the father of Clara Spragoff shall rot and die in the mines ere he receive his liberty!"And so saying, the dragoon and his companions turned, and entering a tarantasse that had driven up to the station during the combat, and been held by the smotsetat for their use, were whirled rapidly away down the road.

The old Jew was profuse in his thanks to the young courier, while the girl re- *8* warded him with a grateful look, and a few low-spoken sentences pronounced in a voice of singular sweetness.

The courier bowed in response, and the smotretal announcing his horses ready, took his seat in the tarantasse.

The isvoshchik, or driver, a low-browed fellow, cracked his whip, the three horses sprang off at a bound, and in a few moments the courier had disappeared in a cloud of dust down the road in the direction of Yekatrineburg, on the Asiatic side of the

Urals.

Nightfall beheld them galloping through a wild mountain pass.

Their course lay along the bank of a rushing river.

Before them the well-kept post road (for at the time of our story the railway connecting the cities of Perm and Yekaterineburg had not been built), stretched like a broad ribbon in the light of the summer moon.

No sound broke the stillness save the rushing of the waters, and the cheerful ringing of the valdai bell, suspended from the shaft horse's duga or yoke.

As they came abreast of a dark, deserted, tumble-down old house, which, supported partly on piles, jutted over the river bank, one of the side horses stumbled, and in a moment the three went down in a plunging mass, bringing the tarantasse to an abrupt halt.

"Cursed pig!"growled the isvoshchik, and springing from his seat, ran to the horses'heads.

"What has happened?''called the courier, from the vehicle.

The reply of the driver was lost in the noise caused by the plunging of the frightened animals.

The courier descended to lend assistance.

No sooner was he on the ground than he was seized in a strong grasp; a heavy shawl was thrown over his head, and, despite his struggle, his arms and legs were bound with stout thongs, after which he was borne into the dark house.

His captors, whoever they were, had uttered no word.

He could hear their feet shuffling along the boarded floor of a passage, but could not judge of their numbers by the sound.

Presently he was set

THE COURIER OF THE

CZAR.

upon his feet, and the shawl removed from his head.

He was in a square draughty, barn like room, gathered in which were twelve masked men, three of whom, facing the courier, were muffled in cloaks, beneath which the outlines of swords attached to the wearers'belts, could be traced.

The rest were roughly clad and rudely armed with sickles, pikes and clubs.

The place was dimly lighted by a few sputtering candles.

"What is the meaning of this?"demanded the courier, of the cloaked men, after glancing about.

"It means that we we want the document conveying the pardon of Vladimir

Spragoff, which you, as the courier of the

Czar, are carrying to the mines of Yekaterinburg,"answered one.

"Deliver it to us, and you may go free, providing you do not return to this place until the following week!""I will not deny that I am the Czar's courier,"said Strelitski;

"but I cannot give you the pardon of Vladimir Spragoff, because it is not with me.

You may search me, if you wish.""T'is false!"shouted the second cloaked figure; "he has it in the heel of his boot, which is hollow!"The courier started slightly as he recognized the voice of the dragoon of the post station, but he remained silent.

"We will decide that later,"spoke the third cloaked figure, in turn.

"Brothers, the council of the inner circle does not meet until tomorrow night, when his case will come up.

In the meantime let him be placed in the cell beneath us, until wanted!"The courier was caught up in the arms of two of the men and borne from the room down an unstable stairway, at the bottom of which they paused, and flinging open the door of a small, dark dungeon, threw him like a sack of wheat, still bound and helpless, into a corner;

the door was closed upon him, he heard a rusty bolt shot in place, the footsteps of his captors died away up the stairs, and all was still!

Alone and in utter darkness, a captive, bound and helpless, his ultimate fate uncertain, his was certainly an unenviable predicament.

Without doubt he had fallen into the hands of a band of nihilists. The dragoon was entirely unknown to him.

Who was he?

How had he known his name, and the nature of the courier's errand?

What did he want with the pardon of Vladimir Spragoff, the father of Strelitski's sweetheart, and falsely imprisoned in the mines?

How had he known of the secret hiding place in which he carried the document, of the existence of which he thought none but himself was aware?

He might have asked, too, what the dragoon meant by his sudden repulse of the Jewess on pulling her vail aside, but just then his mind was too busy with his own affairs to speculate upon this.

His cell was damp and musty smelling, and the subdued sound of flowing water told him he was in close proximity to the river.

Slowly the night passed, each minute seeming an hour in length, and at last morning dawned, though to the courier this brought no change, for no ray of light penetrated to his cell.

Twice during the day he was visited by a burly peasant, who brought food and light, and loosening his bonds a trifle, sat by him while he ate, then, retying him, picked up the candle and tray, and disappeared, being careful to bolt the door after him.

"The council meets tonight, when you will be brought before them.

Perhaps they will let you go, perhaps not; who can say?"was all he could get from him in reply to his questions.

He tried many times to burst his bonds, but in vain, and was obliged to resign himself to fate.

Some hours after the second departure of his jailor, a faint light shining through a chink in his cell door warned him that someone was coming, and an instant later light footsteps, very different from the stolid clumping of the burly peasant, were heard descending the stairs.

The bolt was presently drawn, the door opened, and looking up he saw a vailed female form standing in the opening, holding a lighted taper in her hand.

THE COURIER OF THE CZAR.

"Hist!"she whispered, with a warning gesture; "make no noise!

I am here to repay the debt I owe you!"and as she spoke she flung aside her vail, revealing to his surprised gaze the face of the lovely Jewess whose champion he had been.

"What mean you?

How came you here?"cried the courier bewilderedly.

"Tell me,"replied the Jewess, "how would you reward me if I set you free?""With anything in reason that you may demand.""Pledge me your word not to return to this place until seven days are past, and you may go where you list, unmolested, and with your dispatches untouched.""I grant it readily,"cried the courier;

"and you—

For answer the girl entered the cell, and drawing from her bosom a jeweled dagger of peculiar workmanship and design, with a few rapid strokes, severed the cords that bound him, and assisted him to rise.

"You must leave here without delay,"she said.

"This house is the rendezvous of a band of nihilists, who meet here tonight-

At present there are none here but we two, my father and the guard, who is asleep under the influence of a glass of drugged vodka which I have given him.""Her strange words and actions filled the young courier with amazement.

"Tell me who you are,"he cried; "and why, if you are a member of the band, you wish to aid me in effecting my escape?""Call me Rebecca,"she cried;

"as to my reason, it is because you saved me from the insult of the dragoon at the station.

Why I am here is soon told.

My father and I are nihilists for different causes.

We are not the humble peasants we appear, but on the contrary, my father is wealthy.

Being on our way to attend the meeting here, we adopted this disguise as less likely to draw notice.

Dimitri Brobrinski, the dragoon, and scion of one of the noblest families of Russia, is my husband.

Two years ago we were secretly married and lived happily until our child was born, when I entreated him to openly acknowledge our union.

This he refused, for had he done so, his family, whose hatred of the Jewish race is inveterate, would have disinherited him.

One day, on my insisting with tears that he do so, he flew in a rage, and deliberately slew my baby, who was a boy, before my eyes, saying should it grow up, its likeness to him would betray him.

In that moment all my love for Dimitri Brobrinski vanished, and in its place I felt only hatred and detestation.

I cursed him and vowed to have his heart's blood in revenge, but he laughed at my threats and fled, and from then until we came face to face at the station, we had not met, though

I have searched many weary months for him.

My father joined the nihilists because driven to the act by the cruel oppression inflicted by the Czar's government upon our race; and I, from having learned that

Dimitri Brobrinski, though in high standing in military circles, was a member of the organization.

My father and I have together attended many meetings, hoping thus to come upon him, and by denouncing him to the council, secure for myself justice and vengeance;

but till now in vain, for Brobrinski and we belonged to separate circles.

Tonight the two circles meet for the first time, when he will be brought to an account.

Vladimir Spragoff, whose pardon you bear, was unjustly sentenced to a life of penal servitude in the mines of Yekaterineburg because of false evidence and accusations trumped up against him by

Brobrinski, who was a former discarded suitor of Spragoff's daughter, and impelled to the deed from rage at being refused by her.

In reality Spragoff is one of the staunchest supporters of the

Czar.

By chance Brobrinski learned that through your efforts the cloud of suspicion had been cleared from Spragoff, and that you bore a pardon to him from the Czar.

He laid this trap for you.

His intention was to destroy the pardon, and drown you, the fiance of Spragoff's daughter, in the river, your isvoshchik was in the plot.

A rope stretched across the road was the cause of your horse's downfall.

My father and I arrived here

4°4 YOUTHFUL FOLIA.

afoot this morning.

There was no one here but the guard, as the circle does not meet till midnight.

On learning you were a captive I resolved to free you, and thus repay the debt I owe you.

Accordingly I drugged the guard, and came to your cell."By the time Rebecca had finished her story they had ascended the steps and passed from the house.

Neither the guard nor the old Jew was in sight.

It was evening, and the pass was becoming obscured with the gathering twilight.

Tethered to a near-by tree was a horse ready saddled, which greeted them with a low whining as they approached.

"Your tarantasse has been destroyed,"said Rebecca, "but here is a steed which will carry you safely to the next station, from whence you may continue your journey to Yekaterineburg."

The courier sprang into the saddle, but before he rode away, grasped Rebecca's hand.

"I thank you,"he said, simply.

"Should the occasion arise I shall remember and requite this service!""No, do not, "she returned sadly;

"it is I who was in your debt—we are now quits.

Farewell! We shall never meet again This is the first and last time the nihilists meet here; their next rendezvous

I cannot reveal.

Remember your word!""I have given it! Adieu!"and as the girl turned to enter the deserted house the courier thundered off.

True to his word, the courier did not seek to pry into the secrets of the nihilists further.

Telling the sinotretal of the next station a story of breaking down a short distance from the last, he quickly chartered another tarantasse and continued his journey to Yekaterineburg, which he reached without further adventure.

Upon producing his despatches to the proper authorities, Vladimir Spragoffwas speedily set at liberty, and a day later the two started to return by post to Perm, where the expectant daughter and sweetheart anxiously awaited their return As they came up with the deserted house, on their return journey, Strelitski bade the isvoshchik halt and await his coming, and springing from the vehicle, he started toward the house alone.

As he approached it he saw a human form lying half in and half out of the water, at the bottom of a flight of rotten steps leading from the he use to the river.

A close examination showed it to be the dead body of the dragoon, Dimitri Brobrinski, swollen and distorted.

The jeweled hilt of a dagger of peculiar design protruding from the breast, told the courier all he wished to know.

He pursued his investigations no further, but returning to the tarantasse gave the order to proceed, saying nothing to his companions of his discovery.

Jojful was the reunion between the father and daughter upon their arrival at

Perm, and not long after, the beautiful Clara rewarded the brave Ivan with the bestowal of her hand and heart.

Strelitski never again encountered the mysterious young Jewess, and who she was, or what was her final fate, he never discovered.

Clarence L.

Loiver.

YOUTHFUL FOLLY.

"A mourner!"Yes, for thirty-two years.

I was fifty my last birthday.

I graduated at twenty.

I was eighteen and a "soph"when we fellows sent John Grey to Coventry.

"John James Grey,"—so stood his name in the college catalogue.

Among us he was known as "Lady Jane."I cannot tell you how odd it seemed to me to stand fifteen years ago in front of a small, faded portrait of the poor little ten-days'queen, whose head was the football to the vaulting ambition of Messrs. Northumberland & Co., and to recognize in the sad brown eyes the same wistful appeal I saw in another pair when I last looked into them.

It

YOUTHFUL

FOLLY.

was a mere coincidence, of course, but the portrait on the wall in the Bodleian Gallery, Oxford, has John Grey's eyes, as I noted before I knew whose the likeness was.

We called him "Lady Jane"then, partly in parody of his real name, as much because of a certain refinement of manner and appearance, that was neither delicacy nor lack of manliness.

It was a boyish way of acknowledging that he was a bit of choice porcelain cast by chance among coarser pottery.

None of us even in jest called him a milksop,—or, as the collegian of this generation would put it, a "muff."He was an admirable student, a jovial comrade, ready alike for work and frolic,—in short, "a good fellow through and through,"and a decided favorite with us all until what I am about to tell you happened.

We were in Old Chess's room that morning.

"Chess"was short for Chesterfield.

We thus dubbed the professor of

Greek, his name being Field, his body as long and stiff as the Levitical law, and his disposition as surly as that of a hyena.

To hate him came to us by nature, and he taught thirty-nine out of the forty in the class to abhor the sight and sound of a Greek word.

The fortieth man was Lady Jane.

His aptitude for language, ancient and modern, was marvelous, and Old Chess, with characteristic tact and grace, used the lad's proficiency as a ferule for the rest of us,—never praising him, you may be sure, but with happy adroitness proving what dunces we were not to attain unto even so mean a standard as was set up by one of our number.

Nevertheless, it was well understood that if Chess could like anybody, to Lady Jane belonged the honor of his partiality.

It was at once an evidence of the unpopularity of the professor, and our fondness for the pupil, that none of us envied the latter.

In no other department of the venerable institution we were to remember as our Alma Mater, did the lord of misrule have such sway as in the Greek-room.

The like law obtains in every college, I fancy. Your best- beloved preceptor gets, likewise, the credit of being the wisest disciplinarian.

Upon the day I have named we were in a state of badly-suppressed revolt.

A frightful "imposition"had been laid upon us at the last recitation; Lady Jane again excepted.

The punishment was not quite undeserved, being the direct consequence of a boyish prank perpetrated by the class at large, a "barring-out,"or something of that kind.

By general consent none of us had prepared the prescribed task.

Before this fact could transpire, indeed, by the time Old Chess had given the menacing "Hem!"that always preceded the recitation, a slight puff and flash went up from the top of the heated stove, and then a Tartarian odor.

The veriest tyro in chemicals there, knew how it was done.

Given,—a judicious mixture cf gun-powder, brimstone and cayenne pepper, the lastnamed ingredient having the balance of power; pour it dexterously upon a redhot plate.

Result,—wild symptoms of suffocation on the part of all present, and an empty room in forty-five seconds.

It was a witless joke, for college boys'humor was no finer then than now; but we enjoyed it immensely, and the obnoxious imposition was a dead letter for that day.

Old Chess had a chronic disposition to asthma, and an hour after the "eruption,"was reported as coughing in a manner that sent ecstasy to our souls.

There must be a form of investigation into the occurrence, so it was no surprise to us when, as Lady Jane and I sat in our room that evening, (did I tell you that we were chums?) he was summoned to the president's private apartment,—the "Star-Chamber,"as we called it.

I looked up with a laugh.

"I hope the dons won't squeeze you unmercifully, old boy!"I remember afterwards that he was pale and ill at ease.

"I don't mind the squeeze,"he said, "but I wish you had not done it, Dick.

These senseless tricks put the class so evidently in the wrong as to hurt our reputation with sensible people."

YOUTHFUL FOLLY.

In about an hour I was sent for.

Just without the Star Chamber I met Lady Jane. He was very pale, and his agitation awakened me to pitying curiosity.

"What cheer?"I hailed him gayly.

He cast a warning glance at the "sub"who had brought me the summons, shook his head and passed on.

I laughed softly.

"The dons have scared him badly,"I remarked to my attendant, in entering the judgment hall.

They were all there, from Prex, whom we liked, to Old Chess, our abomination, and an awful silence prevailed while I walked the length of the room and stood before the table about which they were seated.

Prex opened the ball,—not with catechism, but with downright accusation.

It was I, he stated, who had committed an offence against law and order so flagrant as to challenge prompt and severe measures on the part of the Faculty, insulted in the person of Prof. Field, and so on, and so on.

I was so far stunned that I understood but two things clearly.

No denial, or attempt at self-justification, would be admitted, the Faculty having ample proof of my guilt in the positive, although reluctant, testimony of one who had been an eye witness of the deed, and

I was to be publicly reprimanded in the chapel next morning.

When the buzz and whirl of niy senses ceased, I found myself back in my room,

Lady Jane, still pale and alarmed, gazing into my face.

"I was afraid of it,"he repeated more than once; and upon hearing what was to be the form of punishment,—"I wish

I could stand by you, Dick, and share it.""I would rather stand in my shoes than in those of the informer when the class have hunted him down,"I returned, sore and savage.

In less than three days they had run him to earth, to the indignant astonishment of all,—to my grief and horror.

Searching inquiry revealed that no witness besides Lady Jane had been called before the tribunal which had condemned me.

When bidden to speak in his own defence, he stoutly denied having given evidence against me, but refused to repeat what had passed between the inquisitor and himself.

"They informed you upon whom suspicion rested, I presume?"asked a sophomore.

"They did.""And what was your reply?""That I should answer no questions relative to the conduct of any of my classmates.""An honorable man would have hid his friend out of danger sooner than utter such a contemptible evasion!"said the hot-headed querist.

The chairman of the "Vigilance Committee"summed up the case after the accused had been sent out of the room.

"The fellow is not a malicious spy, but he lacks backbone, and dreads losing the good opinion of the Faculty.

He was frightened into confession, but he must be made an example of all the same."

So said they all.

Even I, whose dearest friend he had been, recalling his speech and behavior before and after my arraignment, could not resist the weight of evidence.

So we sent him to Coventry.

So far as we could, we carried into execution the ancient ban of excommunication.

We cursed him, by cool and disdainful non-intercourse, when he lay down and when he arose up.

Sitting, standing, walking, eating, he was the Pariah of his whilom mates.

Youth is cruel in love or in hate, and we never wavered in our declared purpose, even going out of our way when occasions rose not ready to our hand, to make him feel the full weight of our vengeance.

And—Heaven help us we thought ourselves manly and righteous throughout, worthy vindicators of the soiled honor of the class that had "spawned an informer.

That was our grandiose way of describing the offence which smelled so rank in our heroic nostrils.

After one vain attempt to induce me to listen to his story, the culprit offered no resistance to his doom, bearing it with a steady mien, so far and so equally removed from sullenness, or abjectness, that we

YOUTHFUL

FOLLY.

would have called him "game,"had we not preferred to consider him insolent.

Thus went on two long months, in which, although we still roomed together,

Lady Jane and I had not exchanged one word.

There was superb skating that season, and we spent most of our leisure time upon the river.

One afternoon, in passing the "bend"where the stream was widest and most crowded, I heard shouts, and saw all recoil, as one man, from the middle of the channel.

"It is a student I saw his cap in the water!"I overheard some one say.

The next second I was in the open space left by the aghast throng, had thrown myself flat upon the ice, and leaning over the lagged edges of the hole, was watching and groping in the water in the frenzied hope of seeing or touching the vanished man.

I did both.

A head rose—it was for the third time—within reach of my grasp.

I clutched and held it until we were pulled out together and dragged ashore.

The crowd closed around the rescued student, and he was borne off before I had seen his features.

By the time I could extricate myself from officious friends and strangers, I found a messenger awaiting me on the bank, with a request from the "young gentleman whose life I have saved."He wanted to see and thank me.

He had been taken into the nearest house, and lay in bed wrapped in blankets.

Only his face was visible Wide brown eyes, with the solemn memory of a just-escaped death shadowing their depths, dark curls clinging to his forehead, lips quivering in the effort to shape into words the gratitude he would express to his deliverer, was the unwelcome vision that met my sight, for eyes, brow and mouth were Lady Jane's.

I halted upon the threshold, staring as at a wraith.

"Dick!"he cried, in amazement as great as my own.

"Dear old fellow, do I owe my life to you?""It is nothing,"I said, coldly.

"They said a student was drowning;

I did not suspect who it was."They boy gazed at me as loth to credit the evidence of his senses, his eyes filling with a grief for which language had no vent.

"You did not suspect who it was?"he repeated, slowly. "If you had suspected that it was I"

He turned his head upon the pillow, his face to the wall, which was no more blank and cold than the visage of the man who had been for two years to him as a brother.

I lingered one awkward moment, then left the place.

It was Saturday afternoon, and

I was glad I had engaged to spend the Sabbath with a friend out of town.

I could not meet those haunting eyes again, for we had, by solemn pact and covenant, sent him to Coventry, and I should be the last of all the league to sound a recall.

When I returned on Monday, Lady Jane's trunk and other possessions had disappeared from our dormitory.

He had been summoned home by news of his father's sudden death.

He never came back to our college.

Ten years later I met "Prex,"now a somewhat garrulous old gentleman, at Saratoga.

He came to my room one night with a newspaper in his hand.

"Do you remember John Grey, of the class of "48?"he began.

"I do,"I replied briefly.

"By the way, I never guessed how unjustly the poor fellow had been treated by you hot-headed boys until after he left college,"pursued the good-natured official, crossing his legs after the manner of one who has a story to tell.

uHe never gave information against you in that little stove-and-pepper escapade.

Perhaps you have forgotten it?"

Forgotten it!

Nothing less likely!

Prex prosed on.

"A youth of uncommon ability was Grey, especially in languages.

In Greek a prodigy, according to Professor Field.

By-the-by, it was Field himself whose lynx eyes saw you sift the pepper and brimstone compound upon the stove"—here he laughed "like the scaramouch you were.

He gave direct evidence to that effect before us.

We sent for Grey to thank him

PLAIN FACTS.

formally for the consistency of his respectful and gentlemanly deportment toward Professor Field, he being in that respect a marked exception to the rest of his class.

He looked like one receiving censure, rather than praise, while I was talking.

As I finished, Field broke out in his blunt way "'Now tell us who spilt pepper upon the stove today?''I decline answering that question, sir,'said the lad, 'or any other that may criminate my classmates.'"Field smiled.

'Don't trouble yourself,'he said.

'It was your Fidus Achates—your room mate We have caught him this time?'"Grey did not move a muscle.

'As I have said, I do not play spy, much less informer, upon any of my class,'he repeated 'May I go now, sir?'to me.

"I assented, willing to spare his feelings, and secretly admiring his gallant bearing.

A fine boy, with a heart of gold But, as I was about to say, I am truly grieved to see this."He passed the paper to me, his thumb upon a paragraph.

"On the 9th inst.,in Memphis of yellow fever John James Grey, aged 28.

Died while administering in his ever cheerful way comfort and peace to the poor, fever-stricken people of the South."

M. H.

PLAIN FACTS.

At the Presbyterian assembly at Washington, recently, the Rev.

Dr. Young, in his annual sermon to that distinguished body, made use of the following language:

"No discrimination, as to truthfulness, can be made between different parts of the Bible.

From the opening sentence of Genesis to the last verse in Revelation, the Bible is the very word of God.

Upon no other theory or belief can we claim a divine, infallible, perfect constitution for a church.

No apprehension should be felt as to the safety of the Bible.

To doubt it is disloyalty to God to fear it is a sin."Taking the foregoing quotations of Dr.

Young to be correct, and that the Bible is a truthful and infallible guide for all, the religious sect which he represents, and scores of others who put their hope and trust in the Bible as all sufficient for man's spiritual wants and necessities, are doubtless in a very insecure and pitiable condition.

The question is, do the various Christian denominations believe that the Bible just says what it means.

If it does, then the Christian world is tampering unwisely with sacred things.

The scriptures inform us emphatically that no one shall assume the right to act in the name of God, without divine authority, and clearly define what we may reasonably expect to find in connection with the true Church of Christ.

We are told that prophets, apostles, pastors, and teachers, guided by direct revelation from heaven shall exist for the perfecting of the body of Christ, and the work of the ministry, until we shall all come to a unity of the faith, and that signs shall follow the believer and the gifts be made manifest.

But who shall dare to say that these glorious privileges and blessings can be attained on borrowed authority and by self-assumed right.

Until the angel which John the Revelator saw flying through the midst of heaven, with the everlasting Gospel to preach to all kindreds, tongues and people came to earth with the glad message of salvation, lost for so many centuries through apostasy and wickedness, the world was destitute of every vestige of divine authority.

The blind had been leading the blind, and hence the religious confusion that has, and is today, perplexing the religious world.

When viewed in the light of truth and revelation, the Christianity of the nine teenth century, with all its boasted enlightenment and security, is in a rather pitiable and dangerous state.

Men assume the right to deal with the things of God, and to censure and condemn others and call them heretic, whose only

OUR DEAD.

authority has been derived from errors channel of communication or revelation and falsehood, and who need to cast the is established, and the mind is no longer beam out of their own eye, before they in doubt and uncertainty.

The priestare too officious to question the mote hood then conferred; we can go on in they think they see in another's.

Those harmony and officiate in the things of who aspire to be effective, worthy minGod justifiably and understandingly.

isters of the Gospel, and whose labors Then it would be manifest that the Bible shall be recognized of God, must take alone is an insufficient guide, and that the proper steps to acquire this right and the living oracles are necessary, as the privilege.

These steps are to repent word of God declares, to constitute a and be baptized by one having authority divine, infallible, perfect organization from God, then, having sincerely refor a church.

J.

C.

pented, receive, through the laying on of hands, the Holy Ghost, the Comforter,

Modern majesty consists in work. What which takes of the things of God and a man can do is his greatest ornament, and shows them unto us.

Then the proper he always consults his dignity by doing it.

OUR DEAD.

We bring today to deck the sod

Wherein our loved ones lowly rest,

Floral tributes whose language speaks

The love that throbs within our breast,

And while we keep their mem'ry dear

Within our hearts a sacred trust,

And pour the unavailing tear Above the tomb which holds their dust,

Our souls a sweeter comfort seek,

And in the realms of hope, we'd prove

Though death our earthly ties may break,

No power can break the ties of love.

Must souls by love divinely blent

Yield also to the reign of death,

And never feel again the thrill

That once was waked by love's sweet breath?

No; oft we feel our loved ones near

Their presence mingling with our life,

Death's s'ing is lost, the grave so drear

With hope's eternal bloom is rife!

The flowers we spread in beauteous bloom

Upon the earth that wraps their clay

May wither on the silent tomb But hope and love will bloom for aye.

Upon our souls this truth will rise

That as they are above earth's change

Their spirits watch us from afar

With love that death can ne'er estrange.

And as our souls with longing thrill

So theirs are stirred with sweet accord,

Who wait for time the gap to fill That will unite us in the Lord.

We'll live again in newer birth

And in the realms of life we'll prove Though death may break the ties of earth

It yields unto immortal love.

M. E. P.

4io EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, June, 1893.

HARD TIMES.

It has been many years since there was such a stringency in financial matters as at the present in this Territory.

True, in earlier years, there was much less money, but it was at a time when people were accustomed to bartering, and the necessity for money was not so keenly felt.

In those days the farmer for his produce could obtain from the stores any articles he might require; he in turn receiving for his goods a fair price.

Merchants were prepared then in the city, as well as through the country, to handle the produce ot the agriculturist.

And thus by mutual accommodation general prosperity came to the people.

Of late years, however, a disposition has been manifested, especially in the large cities, to reduce everything to a cash basis, and the larger merchants are not now in a condition to receive and handle the grains, vegetables, etc., of the people.

In the various trades workmen have become accustomed to demanding cash for their pay;

whereas, some years ago, it was expected that workmen would be able to use a certain proportion of their wages in produce and other articles which the various industries were under the necessity of receiving.

To a great extent these conditions have now changed, and though there is more money in the country, much more money is needed now than formerly to conduct business.

Even now, there is doubtless sufficient money for all general purposes, and the hard times through which we are now passing, and the scarcity of cash, is due to causes, some of which might be remedied if there was but that confidence and union among the people which is so desirable.

There is no doubt that the banks are reasonably well supplied with money, but because of the condition of financial affairs throughout the United States, and the liability to which all such institutions are exposed, of having a run made upon them by their depositors at an unexpected occasion, they must keep their coffers well loaded with money.

The banks, lacking ofttimes that harmony among themselves which should be manifested, cannot depend upon each other in case of a crisis in the affairs of any one institution. Each must, therefore, be prepared to independently meet anysudden call made upon it.

Whereas, if there was a mutual desire to help each other in case of sudden demands, a much greater percentage of the deposits might be placed in circulation with safety.

Undoubtedly the unsettled state of affairs resulting from the International Monetary Conference, held in Brussels, has had a great effect upon this country's finances.

The agitation of the silver question has also had a depressing effect.

While the West is almost universally in favor of the adoption of a silver standard, the measure has very strong opponents in the East, and it is still an open question as to what the result of the controversy will be.

We who live in this Territory believe that the free coinage of silver means our unexcelled prosperity;

while eastern financiers look with terror upon this proposition, which means, as they seem to feel it does, their utter ruin.

It is not our purpose to discuss in these columns these national and international questions, but the lesson we desire to convey to our readers is that every individual should use, especially under present circumstances, the closest economy.

Every unnecessary expenditure should be avoided.

Speculation should not be indulged in.

Families should scrutinize every expenditure.

In every possible way the Latter-day Saints should endeavor to maintain their credit at home and abroad for carefulness of expenditure and promptness in payment of their indebtedness.

The real estate boom of three and four years ago had a very bad effect upon those who had anything to do with it.

Land in this city and elsewhere brought such an unexpected price, and money was so plentiful for a time, that extrava-

EDITORIAL.

gant notions were engendered, which in our present stress it is difficult to overcome.

In the wild desire to become rich, some of our people also speculated far beyond that which wisdom would direct, with the result that their homes are mortgaged, and the present prospects are that they will lose them, at least in many instances.

The best course for us now to pursue under these circumstances is to do our utmost to relieve ourselves of the burdens of debt which rest upon us, and meet as promptly and completely as possible our obligations.

Those who hold notes and securities of others, should themselves be willing to exercise forbearance as long as it is in their power to do so, that by the adoption of the system of mutual leniency and kindness, we may pass through the present hard times with as little disaster as possible.

When once we have succeeded in relieving ourselves of these loads, then we should resolve and carry out our resolution to strictly avoid them in the future.

OUR POSITION RELIGIOUSLY.

It is interesting for the Latter-day Saints to watch the various religious movements going on in the world.

Ideas which today are accepted as orthodox, if they had been advanced a few years ago by church members, whould have brought upon them a charge of heresy, and a few hundred years ago, the same doctrines as are now accepted as divine, would have condemned their advocates to the stake.

When the Prophet Joseph announced that he had received heavenly visitations, and that God could speak and had spoken from the heavens, the announcement stirred the world, but it was not long before Satan introduced a counterfeit, in the shape of Spiritualism.

When by faith the Prophet Joseph and the early Elders of the Church announced that the sick could be healed, it was a doctrine quite surprising to people, though that such should be the case is recorded in Holy Scripture.

Now, however, Christian Scientists openly and widely advocate this principle of healing by faith.

The doctrine of the redemption of the dead was a few years ago quite unorthodox, but now it is advocated from the pulpits of some of the most popular divines.

Thus we might continue to present principles which God revealed to the Prophet Joseph to announce to the world, and they have caused wonderment at the time, yet many of them are now accepted, though in a different form, by people of other sects and denominations.

By this means Satan is deceiving the hearts of the children of men seeking to maintain his power upon the earth.

But certainly his time is short.

Though the magicians of Pharaoh's times did many of the marvelous things which Moses was inspired and given power to do, yet, there was a limit to their abilities.

So it will be in the latter day.

There will be many marvelous things in the power of Satan and his servants to accomplish; still, they will not equal those which will be exhibited by the

Lord through His servants in the latter days.

It is very comforting to know that upon any matter of doctrine or principle, which the Holy Bible, or our Church works, do not fully explain, the Lord has established the order by which revelation may be given for a settlement of all these questions, and while Saints should be extremely careful to avoid teaching false doctrine, they should nevertheless seek by study and faith to gain greater knowledge of the purposes of God, and by inspiration to have the Scriptures made plain to their understandings.

Anything that is now out of the usual order of things among the Latter-day Saints, should not be advanced by the elders until it is first submitted to the authority which God has placed on the earth for decisions in these matters.

Thus errors can be avoided, and men and women can still advance in the knowledge of God and receive for themselves revelation from Him.

AN INVITATION.

We are informed that some of our young people who have in the past furn-

REGRETS AWAY FROM HOME.

ished articles for publication in the Contributor have felt hurt because they did not appear in print, the authors having received no intimation as to the reason why their contributions were not published.

There have doubtless been many manuscripts, which, after examination, were not considered suitable for the columns of this magazine, but we can only plead neglect and perhaps thoughtlessness in failing to communicate the reasons for non-publication to those who were so kind as to forward us their articles.

We hope that all the associations will accept this as an invitation for their members to send us such matter as they themselves think will be suitable for publication. We can assure the authors that we will make use of all that we possibly can, and will in any event endeavor to show proper courtesy by informing those who thus favor us, of the disposition made of their manuscripts.

We desire the Contributor to be the organ for the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations, and hope the youth will feel a pride in furnishing suitable matter for its columns.

There will doubtless be much written which cannot be used, but those whose writings are not accepted, should not feel hurt, but should seek to improve their talents, and prepare something which is worthy of a place in our magazine.

We realize that there are many talented young men and women among us whose lights will shine in the future in a literary way. Their talents in this direction should be improved, and every opportunity afforded them should be seized to prepare themselves for greater usefulness in the work of God.

Therefore officers and members of the associations should pre pare and kindly send us everything which they think would be of general interest, either concerning their associations, or other matters which come under their observation, and they may all be assured that we will do our best to gratify them, please our readers and improve the magazine by the publication of that which is suitable.

Good is positive.

Evil is merely privative, not absolute:

it is like cold, which is the privation of heat.

All evil is so much death or nonentity.

So much benevolence as a man hath, so much life hath he.

Emerson.

REGRETS AWAY FROM HOME.

I think of my children's mother,

My dear wife's children far, As far as the mountains smother

The valley gates ajar.

The gates ajar of golden Futurity, wrapt in mist, Where elves to fairies beholden

Are kissing and are kissed.

And there I see in the waving, Encircling, mystic cloud, A dismal, dim engraving And all-encompassing shroud.

A shroud of tresses woven, A shroud of tresses of gold, That only my passion's cloven Foot with mean spurning rolled.

And rolled with grim and spurning,

And all-relentless toes With anger, fierce and burning,

O'er wife's and children's woes.

Leo H<tfeli.

ANTHEM-"ARISE YE SAINTS."COMPOSED FOR THE DEDICATION OF SALT LAKE CITY TEMPLE.

Words by Donette Smith.

Music by C. J. Thomas.

* f^=2=pN S=|d-^fcdeJ-jerjbl {m- 1^—5—

A -<Srr rise, a - <©T c L -* L -J rise, ye Saints, of the most LgL_J LJ f f f n j L_| H high, Put—1 now a- way your FjJi-y—ft—*zq -j—

i r-H i u b± p 5—i i IS2 - _i ^—i Ores T^-j—W- # gj h »ur worldly cares; To-day as one we f- -0- -0- # •#-*-#--#--f-—I ji it it I r w u i ^ world-ly cares, Put now a - way your worldly cares; To-day as one we ns -»- g cen 3- H J-l-..^,-.a.J- r ise our voice, With grateful hearts for raise our voice, we raise our voice, r u—upga7z=t=Lrp^z 0——

J- y f-—

U an-swercd 7 is-—p- f—r-y.—

g Fg—a) -F-g- H- I prayers, With grateful hearts for answered prayers.

Some for - ty years a §8 r"—

£ IS—

^i» eeI £_ -#—v—t——- «7=^—-I =i[r-«j y 0-Z—

Some for ty years a go this day, ^o this day, A happy and 9^ i-*-= H—t-h^i 'r—

f-r~|

4 i4 ''ARISE, YE SAINTS."- ^—T~* M a (i—|=zzg±zzc '-£ee=< v-^ js_% -#r-3 1—I—

I 1—n i——* >—kg—;—H V chosen band, Met to lay the chief corner stones Of a temple in this fair land *r f f r -- -0—

efi=E i M i j | =g z »—

» »~r-—»i -|» » k. g—I 1—b—S-H b—

# _p—^ n ffa//.

AndanteTreble Solo.

Fb^r-ro-—i-Fl fe#^E=i^^S|&3:

:?3= Okg an.

A house in -At^^l Hfr p/» which all sac - red rites Might be performed, the weak find rest; Where God the -rfci«l _p—#_,rgr^gg^ H Father and His Don Could come and min - gle with the blest.

0- -0- -0- to.

tl* "•"15/ ft* Treble and Alto Duet.

tt^ -^-l-al—J-Tg—

J S=E?E £=3=£5zz-r\-i—jqp^ I—O J- - -I -s>—•—»-i-B-»-sH-^—•—r-^=#—* w—

H «-bpzzg_*^d s—B-.g -E—1=^=5—

j Where those bow'd down with heav-y loads, Might lay their _«.—»_:tz=;z burd ens ffl^liliSiiPigHls

'ARISE, IE SAINTS."4'5 f-y:*=::,-o »—-<G- at His feet, Re-ceive the blessings they had earned. A - rise with -0-T—rP- ^8—

1—»—»=^p——»t* -*-»- F-»—*—*?—h^-^F—

—i~r *3 ip P—#-«-r-= sEEE*E|i=JE i joy their love'd to meet, A rise with joy their love'd to meet.

t——^-#-^*—1 » p p\ vh^S x g l'l j I Chorus.

For man-y years through shine and storm, S3 5>- ±£ M The work be- S jfczdt §±fe^ 1^ u u I For many years Ip-._C*_ -W 5Ep through shine and storm, 3 ±.-.*. £ For man-y years "I.

through shine and storm, -0 0—9 The work be- P gun I ^f-0-r -1 ~*7~?~ The work begun has 1 ^J -0- *- pros pered well.

=J gun Bass Solo.

Br-*—: r 1-^ I » =i-^ -1 f For Organ.

£ s^_r man - y years through shine and storm, The work be - gun has Bi-*!—

j m:i i r a r m V v « j m [__„j ^_ L_| L_^_

''ARISE, YE SA/NTS."*s s?\ CV 1*00.

Z'J-—

n—

1—

.-I H 4J >«—'pros-pered well;

at last the 0- no t ble tem i pie's done.

jL Rail.

u i i- --F=U Chorus.

-ff—»—f~© »-F-g—j=»—* -T-r——^=j—

?-tt?z ±* *~h*—

r—

The good news makes our glad hearts swell, The ifei=H ==P «2_ -0- good news makes our »—t:

^=f I* 9- 'J- /T\ I I—

v I » rnf glad hearts swell.

This off'r-in^ from Thy Saints accept, O Path-er in Thy »._, J-, O r S^T—4 mf QT|=gzz^—!^-|-i^:g_p_g-—«q=£zfz:*zpg:=—r q:--Xz«qig-l:fJ -UU-J, --J,-H- S—J i i courts above.

i I It is an off'ring from the hearts Of us, Thy children, whom Ye love, It t mmmsm^ f- *-"* m * m 0*—+0 tzzbzViiJL_a=ji=:q=bz:b=:czz±=pE=:

m—

I u—0-:-0 -»—

I *** PP M!

is an off'ring from the hearts Of us, Thy children, whom Ye PP love.

.. +•

-0-.

-0- -0- -0- m. Ra"- -0- -I h -«- II

Tices Cream Powder DR. PRICE'S is the ideal Baking Powder.

Known for its purity, strength and excellence.

A pure Grape Cream of Tartar PowdeT.

Free from Ammonia, Alum or any taint of adulteration.

Always full weight.

Never varies nor disappoints.

Liverpool^London^ Globe Insurance C o.

HSSETS O^EF2 $46,000,000.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, salt lake city

B. F. Grant, Manager.

H. G. Whitney, Asst. Manager.

W.

S- WARREN, RESIDENT SECRETARY. CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.

AMERICAN BISCUIT & MFGJOo.

acccBssoas xo TTTAiEC CRACKER PAOTOIIT, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SUM BRAND OF FIE CRACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

s®"Sold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,

HENRY WALLACE. Manaaer

SALT LAKE IMPLEMENT Co Agricultural Machinery REPRKB1CNT1NG Tlie Warder, tiiislinell A: i.lessner Co., lUfgrs. of CHAMPION MOWERS AND BINDERS.

Thomas ITIfmufnetiirfngr Company's %.ultiii»n &.

Taylor THRESHERS, ENGINES amo BOILERS.

ROAO CARTS, HARNESS and Road Wagons Large and Complete Stock of Extras always on hand.

Imktiee inc* lean FINE BUGGIES CARRIAGES, AND SURRIES.

SALT LAKE IMPLEMENT Co Nos.

231 and 233 State Street, SALT LAKE CITY r UTAH.

T YOU SHOULD KEAD TALMAGE'S FIRST BOOK OF NA fURE.

Price, 50 Cents, Fostitald ONDERl ATCH.

I The most wonderful watch production of the ape. Latest acheivement of mechanical skill.

High-priced Watches, "Nox out of sight,"is No J Fake that takes all day to "wind up, or a big clock watch so extensively advertised, but a handsome, ordinary size watch that is warranted for five years, stem-wind, jewelled movement, containing all our latest improvements.

Solid Silverine Cases of the best quality unexcelled lor durability and service, guaranteed to wear a life time.

European Watch Makers have spent years in experimenting in order to produce a Watch of Merit at the lowest possible price, the result is the"Wonder, "which s a marvel of cheapness, durability and excellence that leads in quality, style, finish and price.

Parties running Schemes will see the desirability of using this watch.

Guaranteed an Accurate Timekeeper.

One sample Silverine Stem-winding Wonder Watch as above described, forwarded express charges prepaid to any part of the U.S., or Canada, on receipt of $1.50, or 4 watches $5.

For 75 cts. extra we will send an elegant Satin Lined Plush Case, containing this watch, also a handsome Gold Plated Chain and

Charm that is warranted not to tarnish.

All for $2.25. Cash with order.

No sample watches sent C. O. D.

If goods are not found exactly as represented your money will be cheerfully refunded.

In ordering, say if wanted for either a lady or gentleman 'ONANZA for agents, dealers and others selling our "Wonder Watch.

Its sale will be simply enormous, as it is the only reliable W3tch on the market for the price.

Beware of all Free Offers for Cheap Sun Dials, etc., and send your orders direct to the manufacturers and getfull value for your money.

Send for a Sample Watch, with circulars and price list to agents and the trade.

Correspondence solicited from large buyers. We are headquarters and manufacturers.

Address, NOT A CLOCK.

Domestic Watch Co., Bri& p n °.

rt'NOT A TOY.

f.

S. HILLS, Prest.

MOSE< THATCHER, VLce-Prext.

II.

S. YOUNQ, C<nhier.

Deseret National Bank, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, Surplus $500 0O °- i—

General Banking.

HSK YOUR GROCER TO GIVE YOU.^GOLD BAND* FIlAVOPjflG EXTRACTS, BAl^IflG POWDER, and SPICES, MANUFACTURED BY THOMSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

Michigan Avenue, Cor* Lake Street, Chicago, No Riner Goods in any Market.

FASHIONABLE and HEALTHFUL front THE GENUINE Jackson Corset Waist SUPERB FORM.

PERFECT FIT.

A perfect Corset and Waist combined.

Famous for its style, graceful symmetry, and healthful qualities.

Patented Feb. 23, 1886.

See patent stamp on each Waist.

TAKE N^ai T olfy R by the JACKSON CORSET CO., Jackson, Micti \F YOUR DEALER HASN'T TT WDITC TO ITS

THE

LEADING INSURANCE AGENTS OF UTAH.

THE POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder..

lighest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U.

S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., Iu6 Wall S reet, New York.

STATE BflHK OF UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL.

SURPLUS, $5C0 CCO,CO 50,000 oo:

HEBER |. GRANT,- President.

WM, B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Cashier.

Pi RECTORS JOSEPH K. SMITH.

CHAR1.KS S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. ROWR.

NKPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H. CANNON. FRANK Y. TAYLOR.

8PKNCKR CLAWSON.

PHILO T. FARN9W0RTH.

E.LIA8 MORRIS.

E. M WKIUtR.

HKNRY A. WOOLLKY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money oh Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays careful attention to Country Trade.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

Ziorfs Cooperative Mercantile Institution.

ORGANIZED OCTOBER, 1858.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

Manufacturers, Importers. Wholesale and Retail Dealers in Foreign, Domestic, and Local MERCHANDISE.

Main Street, Salt Lake City.

BRANCH HOUSES:-OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO, AND IDAHO FALLS.

Wholesale and Retail DflUG DEPARTMENT, Main Street, Salt Lake City.

OFFICERS:

PRF.SIDF.NT:

.

WILFORD WOODRUFF.

Vice-Pkesidknt:

MOSES THATCHER.

SECRETARY:

T.

G. WEBBER, Treasurer:

A. W. CARLSON.

WM. H. ROWE, Assistant Supt DIRECTORS;

GEO. Q. CANNON, JOSEPH F. SMITH, H.

J. GRANT, G. R0MNEY.

J. R. WINDER, H. DINW00DEY, P. T. FARNSWORTH, J. R. BARNES, W. H. ROWE, JOHN HENRY SMITH, F. M. LYMAN.

T.

G, WEBBER, Super int ndent.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS eO MAIN STREET.