January ar t your friends to Subscribe for I ^^^$2.00 PER YEAR.^^^ I THE i i 1P ft?*.

CONTRIBUTOR •it Ik mmrJAMU ARY-1893 • no 3 iA-AVONTHLYAAGAZINESfe PUBLISHED- BY THE CONTRIBUTOR • CO SALT • LAKECITY- UTAH* i VII 'S I w era is SEJ1D ORDERS EARiiY FOR OUR TEOlPItE SOUtfEfllR HOffiBER,

IF EXTRA COPIES ARE DESIRED.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JANUARY, PAGE.

At Naples and Vesuvius, (Illustrated,) J.

E. T.

<fl Utah in History, J.

H. Anderson, ior Utah,.

.."Frances."The English People, Willard Done.

His Awakening Edmund Spencer, no Reading, Writing, Translating » J.

Z. T.

Ancient History, III.

Egypt, II, Mala Waina.

Sunlight and Starlight A. D. T. Whitney.

A Hero, C.

Y.

Leaves from Heathen Mythology, II.

Geo.

F.

Phillips, M. A #I28 Musings, J.

C.

Editorial:

The Cholera Prospect Tithing, Church Emigration, XX.

The Belated Emigration of 1856

Andrew Jenson From $400 to a University,...B. H.

Association Intelligence:

Missionary Labors, Annual Reports,

Music: Hymn of Praise,..

C.J.Thomas.

Established 18/3, * Capital, $200,000.

SURPLUS, $200,000. * WILFORD WOODRUFF, President.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashier, Oldest and Largest Savings Bank In Utah, with

Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prest.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Preat.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant.

George Reynolds, T.

G. Webber, H.

B.

Cla,wson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy.

"We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Fonr times a year.

Write for any Inlormatlon yenefeslre.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 3 & MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

WARKRR BROS

CELEBRATED CORSETS.

HE merit and popularity of these Corsets is attested by the fact that over two million were sold last year in this country alone, and the sales are increasing rapidly year by year.

Ladies are cautioned against the many worthless imitations of Coraline Corsets which are upon the market.

These imitations are stiffened with common twine filled with starch, and they lose all their stiffness after a few days'wear.

The genuine Coraline gives better value and better service for the money than any imitation.

They can always be recognized, for they have "Dr.

Warner's Coraline"printed on the inside of the steel cover.

FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING MERCHANTS.

In <&m U2s?n<&& \J2z &% fe£& M NEW YORK and CHICAGO.

For Safe in Saft Lake City z.

c. M.

I., SPENCER CLAWSON, F. AUERBACH & BRO., WALKER BROS.

CO., COHN BROS., R. K. THOMAS.

For Sale in Qgden -BV- Z.

C. M.

I.

W. H. WRIGHT & SON, GEO.

S. TRIBE, SMUIN & THOMAS, J. WOTHERSPOON.

Warner Brothers Celebrated Corset9.

Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

LIVERPOOL 1 LONDON I GLOBE Fire Assets, Premiums Received 1 889, Losses Paid 1889, $ 19,559,102 6,740,238 3,847,039 » if H.

J- GRANT k CO., -^.G-EIXTTS, Salt Lake City.

CROOKS k WARREN, ^4 Resident Managers, Chicago, 111AMERICAN BISCUIT & MFG. Co.

SUCCESSORS TO ITTAKC CH.ACKSXI FACTORY, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

ILVER BRAND OF FINE CRACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

asrSold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,"^

HENRY WALLACE, Manager.

Vol. XIV.

JANUARY, 1893.

No.

3.

AT NAPLES AND VESUVIUS.

a t-'V""'TJpTir^lM^''*""1.

Mount Vesuvius as seen from Naples.

In spite of my having tarried far beyond the limits of allotted time in the towns of northern and central Italy, particularly in Rome, the one-time mistress of the world, I was utterly unable to resist an inclination to continue the journey southward toward Vesuvius, the mount of fire, and Pompeii, the fossil city.

My first glimpse of the mountain was obtained from the plains of Campania, whilst approaching Naples on the road leading from Rome.

There in the midst of valleys so fertile as to yield three crops per season, rises in solitary majesty the most celebrated volcano of the world.

A charming distant view is obtainable from the streets of Naples, an idea of which may be gained from the accompanying engraving.

Early on the day appointed for a special expedition to Vesuvius, I found myself one of a company of seven, seated in a comfortable carriage, speeding through the streets of the capital of southern Italy.

I wish that space allowed an ample description of the many strange sights and sensations of our ride; however,

I can pause to mention but a few.

For a time our way lay through the market parts and business streets of the city, and these constitute the dirtiest sections of Naples.

The public streets seem to be common property for nearly every purpose; carpenters, blacksmiths, paint-

A T NAPLES AND VESUVIUS

ers, shoemakers, barbers, and merchants of every variety are seen plying their avocations on the open thoroughfares.

Enterprising cooks have established themselves on the corners of the streets, and in noisy jargon "cry"for sale their green corn, potatoes and meat, which provisions are kept seething in portable pots.

Cows and goats, driven by noisy milkmen through the streets, are milked before the doors of customers; and frequently the smaller animals are taken into the houses and even upstairs to the highest story before being milked.

Such a custom is an effectual preventive of adulteration.

Every quadruped of suitable size is liable to be pressed into service as a beast of burden.

We saw oxen and even cows harnessed between cart shafts;

and for larger vehicles a mule and a cow mav do duty side by side.

Donkeys of diminutive size are common:

some of them attached to carts which appear disproportionately large, and others carrying the wares of their masters in rush panniers which almost touch the ground on either side.

Bridles are seldom provided with bits;

a stout brass band fits closely about the animal's nose, and to this are attached projecting bars with rings for the reins.

The homes of the poorer classes are cheerless abodes; many of them are simply caverns hewn in the rock, which rises like a wall from the shores of the

Bay.

In such habitations glass windows are rare; small holes in the wall, guarded by gratings of wire taking their place.

Perpendicular chimneys are unknown in these cave-dwellings, so the smoke is allowed to escape through the window apertures.

The children of the poor are scantily clad; indeed, during the summer season a single loose garment like a shirt may constitute a child's sole covering, if we except the thick layer of dirt over its entire body.

Even among adults,.

particularly porters and common laborers, economy in dress seems to have been carried to an extreme.

The poor people take little care to secure privacy in their homes;

their doors being generally left open, the people within may be seen in bed, or going about the duties of the house with no sign of embarassment.

Soon, however, we were beyond these scenes, and approaching the environs of the city, where the wealthy have established their homes.

The heights overlooking the Bay are adorned by many magnificent residences.

Here oranges, lemons, almonds, olives, pomegranates and figs flourish; and flowers of splendid proportions and surpassing brilliancy abound.

Oleander trees, twenty feet high, and covered with blossoms are common; magnolias as spreading shadetrees, and hedges of stately fuschias fifteen feet in height aid in completing the semi-tropical scene.

After an hour's ride we reached the little village of Ressina, really a suburb of Naples.

This is built upon the lava which overlies Herculaneum, one of the ill-fated towns buried by the angry eruptions of Vesuvius in A. D. 79.

Ressina is, in fact, founded upon a tomb.

We stopped to visit the subterranean city.

Descending by means of steps cut in the lava, to a depth of eighty feet below the present surface, we entered the theatre of Herculaneum; walked upon the stage, stood in the stalls of the orchestra, and rested on the stone seats of the auditorium.

Perfect impressions of a mask, and other trappings of the play have been preserved in the tuff-stone which buried the stage.

Evidently the volcanic material which overwhelmed the town could not have been true igneous lava, else destruction, and not alone burial, would have been general. A torrent of volcanic mud, "water-lava"as it has been termed, flowed over the town; and following this, long afterward, came a layer of true lava, sealing the grave of the city. So perfectly was the town entombed, that after centuries its location had not been found.

In 1719, while sinking a well in Ressina, the workmen found a statue and other objects;

this discovery led to extensive explorations, and a part of the ancient city was excavated Most of the explored portions are still underground, though in one place the crust has been removed, and the streets and houses are laid open to the light of day.

However, a still

AT NAPLES AND

VESUVIUS.

more wonderful example of a buried town is furnished by Pompeii, which we reserve for a future visit.

Leaving Ressina, the road leads toward the cone of Vesuvius, up the slopes of the mountain, and over extensive fields of lava and volcanic ashes, on which flourish luxuriantly orchards, gardens and vineyards.

The sides of the cone proper are bare.

After a carriage ride of five hours, we reached the lower station of the Vesuvian Wire Rope

Railway.

Entering the cars, we were conveyed in twelve minutes up the steep slopes, to within two hundred yards of the crater mouth.

The surface of the cone consists of loose volcanic material, commonly called ashes and cinders, though these terms are very misleading, if they be supposed to indicate products of actual combustion.

Vesuvius belongs to the class of explosive volcanoes, much of the erupted substance consisting of boulders, and finely divided stone, the latter having been probably in a condition of aqueo-igneous fusion, or in a state of semi-fluidity, due to the presence of heat and water, associated with very great pressure.

When these pent-up forces acquire sufficient strength, the floor ol the crater is blown out with violence, oftentimes taking with it the top of the cone.

Majestic Vesuvius is but the shrunken remnant of a still more colossal structure,

Mount Somma of old.

The rim of the ancient crater, separated from the present active cone by a deep valley, is still distinctly visible;

it was from this huge outlet that the devastating rivers of fire poured forth in 79.

Within the rim of Mount Somma are the 'old crater,"and the present cone or "new crater,"the series exhibiting the cone within cone structure very plainly. A thin incrustation of sulphur and still more brilliant stains of ferric chloride, give to the cone a beautiful yellow.

Steam and sulphurous fumes issue from rents and small fissures in the side of the cone.

One such rent opened and belched forth vapors between the feet of a member of our party, as he stood intently examining a handful of lapilli or loose cinders from the cone.

The crater is an immense yawning chasm from which rise heavy clouds of steam and dark vapors.

The suffocating fumes speedily overcome any person exposed to their influence;

indeed, but a few weeks before the time of our visit, a venturesome observer leaning over to get a view of the interior of the crater, was partially strangled by the gases, and before aid could reach him he fell forward into the abyss.

It was not possible to recover his body.

The height and shape of the cone vary as additional material is deposited, or as the top is carried away by eruption, but the average elevation is four thousand feet above the sea.

Most of our party descended by means of the Wire Rope Railway as we had come; but three of us took our way across the face of the mountain to the northern base of the cone, where we examined a stream of true lava flowing from a rent or secondary crater in the mountain side.

We followed its course for a mile down the valley, and though it had been flowing for years it was still hot; and in places actually glowing. Here and there the crust had sufficiently cooled to permit us walking upon it yet, through fissures the red hot material could be seen but a few inches below.

It is known that the lava which issued from Vesuvius in 1858, was still steaming in 1870; and as a corroborative instance of the persistency of heat in a lava stream, it is recorded that the molten ejections from Jorullo in Mexico, during the eruption of 1759, was still emiting dense vapors eighty seven years later.

Though it has not been possible to ascertain by direct measurement the temperature of lava as it issues from the volcanic fissure or crater, it is known that the heat so associated is intense.

Instances are on record of lava having actually melted down other rocks in its course and a special example of great heat retained by a lava stream at a considerable distance from its source is found in the eruption of

Vesuvius in 1794, the lava reaching the town of Torre del Greco, with heat so high as to devitrify window glass, transforming the substance into a porcelainlike solid, and actually vaporizing metals.

IOO

AT NAPLES AND VESUVIUS.

Many old lava streams can be traced from

Vesuvius to the sea, slight differences in color distinguishing the separatejlows.

Leaving the rest of the party at the lower station, I hastened afoot down the main ridge to the Royal Meteorological Observatory, which is situated on an elevation dividing the main lava streams.

This is the institution which Signor Melloni, its first director, and the devoted Palmieri, its second head, have made so famous.

A stone slab at the entrance preserves the names of those who perished in the terrible eruption of 1872, on which occasion

Signor Palmieri refused to abandon his post at the Observatory, and was preserved to continue his labors for ten years, while all who fled, met death in the fiery torrents.

I had the good fortune to meet the present director in person, and was accorded the freedom of the Observatory.

Here is preserved a collection of minerals, numbering upward of fifty different species, obtained from the Vesuvian lavas.

Here also are sectional and relief maps of the mountain and its environs, and for comparison similar representations of other volcanoes, particularly Etna. A complete and invaluable record of volcanic events is kept; and this has been studied so fully that today eruptions can be predicted with fair accuracy.

One of the common signs of approach- a b 2.

Seismometers for Registering Earth

Tremors or Quakings a Fob Horizontal Movements, b Fob Vertical Movements.

ing disturbances is the drying of wells and springs in the valleys; but the best defined shadows of coming events are found in the earth tremors, the observing and recording of which constitute important duties at the Observatory. Quakings of the earth, too feeble to be detected by the unaided senses, are faithfully recorded by numerous self-registering instruments, the principal of which are the seismometers, designed by Cavalieri.

These seismometers are of two kinds, the structure and operation of which will be understood from the accompanying diagrams, Figure a represents the instrument designed to reveal any horizontal movementof the earth's surface.

It consists of a simple pendulum, the bob of which is very heavy and provided with a point below.

When tne instrument is set, the pointed termination of the bob rests in a box of fine sand upon the floor.

As the ground moves back and forth under the impulse of the earthquake, the box of sand is carried with it, while the heavy pendulum retains practically the same position;

the surface of the sand will be scored and furrowed to a distance determined by the movements of the box.

A tiny capsule set upon a pillar in the middle of the box will reveal by its position after the movements, the direction from which the earth wave came.

The vertical element of the surface movement is recorded by the instrument sketched in b in figure 2.

This consists of a heavy weight suspended from a spiral spring.

The lower end of this weight rests upon a lever or pointer which moves in front of a graduated arc, and is provided with a rachet attachment so as to be retained at the greatest height to which it is moved until the instrument is set again.

As the surface oscillates in an upward and downward direction, the rising floor presses the end of the pointer against the weight, and so records the movement.

The seismometer may be attached to a clock wound and stopped with the hands set at 12, so that the least movement of the instrument will start the clock; by this means the exact time of the shock may be determined.

From the Observatory records, we may learn all that is known concerning the history of Vesuvius in the past.

In the early

UTAH IN HISTORY.

IOI stages of written history, the volcano slumbered for centuries, so peacefully that its fiery nature was scarcely suspected.

Strabo, who lived in the time of the

Emperor Augustus, wrote "Mount Vesuvius is covered with beautiful meadows with the exception of the summit.

The latter is for the most part level, but quite barren, having an appearance like ashes, and showing rugged rocks of sooty consistency and color as if they had been consumed by fire.

One might conclude from this that the mountain had once burned, and possessed fiery abysses, and had become extinguished when the material was spent.

And from this cause its fertility may arise, as in the case of Catania the eruption of ashes from Etna renders it so productive of wine."In A. D. 63, a terrific earthquake declared the volcanic nature of the mountain;

other disturbances of the kind followed at intervals of a few years, till in 79, occurred the memorable eruption which completely buried the cities of Stabiae, Herculaneum and Pompeii.

Between the year 1500 and the present time, over fifty eruptions are recorded, some of these have been fearfully violent.

During the outburst of December 16th, 1631, huge boulders were hurled from the crater's mouth to a distance of several miles; one such mass which fell in the village of Somma, weighed fully twenty-five tons.

Fine material, or "volcanic dust"was emitted in such quantity as to obscure the sun over the southern portion of the peninsula, and much of the dust fell at a distance of hundreds of miles from the mountain.

Vast volumes of steam rose from the crater and subsequently condensed into rain; and this mingling with the ashes, formed torrents of mud which spread over the Campanian plains. These floods were followed by rivers of true lava which issued from fissures in the mountain side. It is reported that eighteen thousand people perished in this eruption.

The convulsions of the mountain in I 779.

J 794.

I 858, 1861, and 1872 are memorable through their violence and destructive effects. Though now for twenty years Vesuvius has been comparatively quiescent, ejecting during that period mostly vapors with occasional weak discharges of solid matter, yet we are not to suppose that the fiery monster has lost his power.

Today Vesuvius appears like a giant in uneasy slumber, whose labored breathings and sonorous groans frequently threaten an awakening; and when he is aroused destruction will assuredly follow.

James E. Talmage.

UTAH IN HISTORYWhen the historiographer faces his task regarding Utah, he is struck with the singular nature of the field before him.

The seeming incongruity of so many of its elements and the combination of circumstances requiring them to be measured by a common standard are perplexing.

At the outset the annals of Utah are the annals of the Mormons; but others with distinct aims and methods, and still others with opposing interests and influences, are ushered in on the scene to claim a share of consideration.

With such conditions it would be easy to treat the subject in one of three ways:

First, to berate and abuse the Mormon people, giving credence to the calumnies of their relentless and even unscrupulous foes;

second, to defend the Mormons from the injustice persistently heaped upon them, espousing theirs as the cause of the weaker party third, to present both sides of the question, leaving the reader to draw his own conclusions.

But the conscientious historian must reject each of these methods, for the reason that the first promulgates fiction, not history; the second extends further into the domain of discussion than the chronicler of events may properly go; and by the third the annalist abandons the instructive quality of his vocation—that of aiding the reader to view the subject under examination in a proper light—and de-

UTAH IN HISTORY.

scends from the historian to the mere tale-vendor.

While we read history, we also make history and our historical readings should be of that character which gives the best service in the history-making process.

To meet this requirement the writer must display in his narrative the faculty of instructor.

The rehearsal of events should sound a warning of dangers revealed through the experience of others, and indicate points of vantage discovered by similar means.

In this regard the historian should wield a discutient pen, dispersing substances that obscure the truth.

He may criticize where necessary and commend where practicable;

yet while it is his province to describe a particular act as rash or heroic, or a measure as inspired by good or evil motive, his judgment must be dispassionate, independent, and the essential facts be stated without reserve.

His record will then possess to the student not only the value of accuracy, but of comprehensibility.

This is fundamental of written history; but it is not all.

To be read and studied the language should be clear, simple, forcible—the literary style so graphic that the mental appetite is thereby whetted to eagerness.

. There is still another quality essemial to complete success:

it is sympathy.

No matter how sincere or talented he may be, a stranger to or a casual acquaintance of a people cannot be their historian; he does not feel the pulsation of their heart or the throbbing of their brain. Lord Macaulay's

History of England owes its highest charm to the fact of his innate sympathy with the people of whom he wrote.

Devoid of this, his recital of facts, his wealth of diction, his elegant literary style, would have been insipid to the British mind.

In his narrative his genius was awakened to unwonted activity by his zealous national attachment.

The rule is general:

the historian of a people should be one of them.

There have been histories of sections of the Territory, and of individuals who occupy prominent places in its annals.

But there has not yet been completed and given to the public any work of a sufficiently comprehensive, authentic and elucidative character to be denominated a standard general history of Utah.

Productions claiming to be general in their scope have found their way into print, but none have reached the plane of thorough historical work, for the reason that their authors have elected to follow one or another of the three imperfect methods suggested in the opening paragraph of this article.

Another applicant for the post of honor is, however, now presenting its claim as a general history of the Territory.

The first volume has been already published.

The second is about to issue from the press. A third will complete the series if we except a promised volume of special historical and biographical sketches which is numbered four, but is supplementary rather than a part of the main narrative.

This new production is from the pen of Orson F. Whitney, whose reputation as an author gives assurance of the authenticity of the record, as well as of its superior literary merit.

The space allotted upwards of seven hundred imperial octavo pages in each of the three volumes—is ample to make the narrative as comprehensive as need be in detail, and at the same time be sufficiently concise as a work of reference.

It has been said that, in addition to purely literary ability, the historian must be in full sympathy with his subject.

So i<\x as his present task is concerned, the qualification is native to Bishop Whitney.

Writing of Utah, he is one of her sons, with a zeal for her welfare that is above local differences and partisanship.

Furthermore, the time is opportune for his venture, in that the acerbities of the past have been in great measure buried and forgotten, it is hoped to finally disappear.

Being in possession of the other qualifications for so important an enterprise, the author of Whitney's History of Utah has wisely chosen to pursue his theme on the line of true historical work, rather than follow smoother beaten paths.

But this bolder and more laborious course was necessary to achieve success in his aim to present a standard history.

How well he has maintained his choice can be

UTAH IN HISTORY

judged, so far as relates to the volume issued, by an examination of the contents in comparison with known events and conditions.

For brief review, the subject matter of this first volume may be separated into four divisions, as follows:

1.

The religion of the Mormons.

2.—Early Mormon history.

3.—The migration to and occupation of Utah.

4.—Territorial history.

Without the element treated of in the first division, any extended mention of Utah would be unsatisfactory, if not impossible.

To it this part of our country owes its selection and occupancy for civilized habitation.

For an orthodox statement of that religion, as far as its connec tion with the historical narrative renders it necessary, we may look with confidence to Bishop Whitney, as an officer in the Mormon Church and a well known expounder of its doctrines.

This he has given, not in detached form, but inwoven with his recital of events.

Associated with occurrences that brought them to public attention, are presented the Articles of Faith of the Church;

also, concise explanations of its order of Priesthood;

its views on the building up of Zion and the organization of Stakes thereof;

the administration of ordinances; Church courts and discipline; the United Order, Temple building, gathering of Israel, marriage, and other doctrines.

There are no arguments pro and con; naught but an impartial, explicit, and withal interesting statement of the religion popularly known as Mormonism, which,the historian says, "to its disciples is no more nor less than primitive Christianity restored; and Christianity in its primitive state, unpaganized, unapostate, no more nor less than the restored religion of Adam, Enoch, Noah, Melchisedec, Abraham, Moses, and other ancient worthies who received the same from God, successively, all down the dispensations."In connection with this topic, mention is made of the Book of Mormon.

An account of how that record was obtained and the means and manner of its translation, with a summary of its contents, is given.

The Solomon Spaulding story also receives due consideration, and is produced in abridged form.

Its complete dissimilarity, in every salient feature, to the Book of Mormon is shown by excerpts from both, exhibiting the design and style of each.

The province of the historian is the field of facts; and in making up his record therefrom Bishop Whitney demonstrates—as others have done previously, and as every faithful annalist of those times and events is compelled to do—not only the fallacy of associating the Spaulding romance with the origin of the Book of Mormon, but the impossibility of an actually existing connection between them.

This demonstration may not be pleasing to believers in the "romance"theory; but facts do not always please, and their conclusiveness in this instance cannot be confuted.

An account of the inception of the Mormon community, and of its early experiences finds as fitting place in the history of Utah as does the nativity and boyhood of one of the world's great men in his biography particularly when that earlier period furnishes a thrilling life story.

The history of Utah must, therefore, include the history of her founders.

In what we have designated as the second subjective division of Volume I early Mormon history—the writer of the narrative properly commences his work at the birth of Joseph Smith; the recording 01 a similar event relating to the most prominent of Utah's galaxy of Pioneers comes in subsequent chapters.

Although Joseph Smith never saw Utah, its historian could omit all mention of Mormonism with as good grace as he could exclude special reference to the founder of the Mormon community. Furthermore, it was the untimely death of the Prophet that precluded his being the pioneer colonizer of the Rocky Mountains. The settlement here by the Latter-day Saints, or Mormons, was directly due to his inspiration.

His successors but carried into execution the plan he had conceived.

On the sixth of August, 1842—nearly two years before his death—he announced at Montrose, Lee County, Iowa, that "the Saints would continue to suffer much affliction, and would be driven to the Rocky Mountains.

Many would apostatize;

others would be put to death by our persecutors, or lose

io4 UTAH IN HISTORY.

their lives in consequence of exposure or disease; and some would live to go and assist in making settlements and Jjuilding cities, and see the Saints become a mighty people in the midst of the|Rocky Mountains."In the earlier chapters of his book Bishop Whitney has recounted, in succinct form, the experiences of Joseph

Smith and his people.

He has followed them in the development of their faith, the revelation they received of divine principles, the organization and increase of their Church, and their unfaltering integrity and sublime constancy to their religious convictions, in the face of unprovoked, cruel and relentless persecutions.

Through their toils, hardships, privations, bereavements, mobbings and drivings, in New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri and Illinois, the record is faithfully, graphically kept.

It is a recital that the civilization of the nineteenth century may well wish relegated to the dark ages, as a tale of wrongs inflicted by semi-barbarians.

But the names, the places, the scenes, are all of the present, in a civilized nation.

And wofully unpleasant as is the fact of the occurrences related, we of the succeeding generation cannot efface it from that nation's history.

Nor has the narrator overdrawn the picture.

Rather has he subdued it by passing hastily to the next scene, as with the instance of the Missouri state militia taking possession of the Mormon city of Far West, on the thirty-first of October, "All the men, save 'hose who had escaped, were held in temporary durance, and the town given up to pillage.

Nameless crimes were committed by the ruthless soldiery, and their yet more ruthless allies, the banditti. Women were abused, some of them till they died, within sight of their agonized husbands and fathers, powerless to protect them.

Let imagination paint the horror from which the historian's pen recoils."Changing to another epoch, the chronicler has sketched, in a compendious manner, the preparation for the Church migration westward; the Prophet's start for the Rocky Mountains his return and martyrdom President Young's succession; the exodus from Illinois of the body of the Saints and the subsequent expulsion of the remnant;

the equipment of the Mormon Battalion; and other events in the religious exiles'progress to where, in the humble prairie settlements of Mount Pisgah, Garden Grove, and Winter Quarters, "surrounded by Indians, hopeful and even happy, though enduring much sickness and privation, which resulted in many deaths, the pilgrim Mormons passed the winter of 1846-7."

At this point in the narrative is the first elaborate mention of Utah.

The physical features of its territory are described, and an account given of the visits of early explorers, from Cardenas, in 1540, Dominguez and Escalante, in 1776, and Bridger and Ashley, in 1825-6, down to those who immediately preceded the advent of the Mormons.

Next comes the story of the tedious journey across the plains and the entrance of the Pioneers into the valley of the Great Salt Lake.

The delineation of this event the author supplements by a vivid pen-picture of the valley as it appeared to the pilgrim band.

Here is a glimpse:

"It was no Garden of the Hesperides upon which the Pioneers gazed that memorable July morning.

Aside from its scenic splendor, which was indeed glorious, magnificent, there was little to invite and much to repel in the prospect presented to their view.

A broad and barren plain hemmed in by mountains, blistering in the burning rays of the midsummer sun. No waving fields, no swaying forests, no verdant meadows to rest and refresh the weary eye, but on all sides a seemingly interminable waste of sagebrush bespangled with sunflowers, the paradise of the lizard, the cricket, and the rattlesnake.

Less than half way across the baked and burning valley, dividing it in twain—as if the vast bowl, in the intense heat of the Master Potter's fires, in process of formation had cracked asunder—a narrow river, turbid and shallow, from south to north in many a serpentine curve, sweeps on its sinuous way.

Beyond, a broad lake, the river's goal, dotted with mountain islands its briny waters shimmering in the sunlight

UTAH.

like a silver shield.

Silence and desolation reign.

A silence unbroken, save by the cricket's ceaseless chirp, the roar of the mountain torrent, or the whirl and twitter of the passing bird.

A desolation of centuries, where earth seems heaven-forsaken, where hermit Nature, watching, waiting, weeps, and worships God amid eternal solitudes."In the record, attention is next bestowed upon the energy and toil which instituted a transformation from sagebrush and sunflower to fruitful field and garden;

the battle with drouth, and insect pests, and famine;• the extension of colonies north and south, west and east; the conflicts with savage tribes; and the inauguration of state, county and municipal government.

This latter stage of development reached, and the occupancy of Utah for civilized habitation is permanent and complete.

The era of Territorial history begins with the act incorporating the newly settled domain under a form of government prescribed by Congress for the Territory of Utah.

Its early record, carefully delineated by the annalist, is one of continued successful colonization and development though the settlers suffered from the severe hardships of Indian wars, cold and drouth, and grasshopper visitations.

Then came the Buchanan or Echo Canyon war, the events of which form an interesting and, in places, eloquent and thrilling narrative extending through four chapters of the history.

The story of the Mountain Meadows massacre is then reached.

Of this the historian remarks ''The theme is approached by the chronicler with shuddering, and its recital must fill the heart of every reader with horror."The circumstances leading up to the tragtdy are recounted, and then the particulars of the dreadful occurrence itself.

For the first time the facts of this deed of blood have been ferreted out and given to the public in complete and authentic narrative.

Proceeding with the general history, the author portrays the remarkable career of the Federal Territorial officers of that period.

The volume closes with the abandonment of Camp Floyd, which occurred in July, 1S61 its commander.

General Albert Sidney Johnston, becoming a rebel, "wearing the grey instead of the blue, commanding a Confederate in lieu of a Union army, his star of life, with the star of his glory, was soon to set in a sea of blood on the fatal field of Shiloh."As stated in the beginning of this article, the field of the historiographer in Utah is peculiarly complex.

But a critical examination of the contents of the first volume of Whitney's History of Utah brings the conviction that the author has proven himself fully equal to the task.

With true historic genius, he has neither evaded perplexing issues nor become the special champion of a party.

He has delved for facts and placed them in the light, that the reader may comprehend their true significance. Thus far he has produced a standard work.

Many of the items presented in the history are there published for the first time.

This is in a measure due to the fact that the author—himself a son of Utah's Pioneers—had facilities for obtaining information which other writers on the subiect did not possess, and he made use of them.

We may anticipate that the forthcoming volumes will be in perfect harmony with that already issued;

and if they are, then will Bishop Whitney have reached the pinnacle of success in his present effort.

J.H.A?tderson.

UTAH.

From eastern hills the pioneer Gazed on the valley's cheerless show;

Long miles of desert stretching sere

White edge of waters gieaming low.

His cabin broke the lonely waste;

Above the low horizon bar At night—with flashing eye he traced

A proud State's dawning natal star "Frances.

THE ENGLISH

PEOPLE.

It may be that many of the readers of the Contributor are not fully acquainted with the origin, and subsequent history of this division of the human family, which bids fair to become the predominating one in number, as it undoubtedly is in influence and power.

A brief sketch of the rise of the English people may possess a degree of interest for the descendants of those sturdy scions, whose stability of character enabled them to preserve their national integrity amid sweeping changes in the less stable nations.

When the great Aryan migration took place from Asia, the birth place of that progressive branch of humanity, the divisions destined to play the most important part in the drama of the world's history, sought homes in the west.

Successive waves of migrating people swept over the low barriers dividing Asia from Europe.

First came the Celtic;

these were driven farther westward by the Teutons; then came the Slavonic folk;

these, unable to press the preceding hordes farther to the west, settled upon the extreme eastern verge of Europe.

With the first two divisions of the Aryan branch, the Celtic and the Teutonic, this sketch will deal.

I will merely say in passing that the Slavonic division has produced the Russian and other kindred nations.

(Mention of the Aryan founders of Greece and Rome is purposely omitted.

The Celts were of particularly lively temperament; witty and vicacious, but devoid of the solidity of character peculiar to the Teutonic tribe.

The Teutons were somewhat slow, plodding, and stolid, viewing life as a stern reality, and prepared to meet all its vicissitudes.

In general the Celtic peoples were florid of complexion, red of hair, grey or hazel of eye.

The Teutons had yellow or flaxen hair, light complexions, and blue eyes.

On being pressed toward the west by the Teutons, the Celts found resting places in Gaul (now France) where they were known as Gauls, in Spain where they mingled with the original inhabitants, and the name Celtiberians was applied to them, and in the British Isles where they were known as Picts, Scots, and Britons.

It is only the last of these that we will treat here.

It is not known when the Britons first settled in the lowlands of the large island now comprising England, Scotland, and Wales.

They had obtained a firm foothold there before Phoenicia reached the pinnacle of her power, for her merchants braved the dangers of the deep and ob tained all the tin of commerce from the famous mines of Cornwall.

This was fully a thousand years before Christ, and we have no reason to doubt that the Britons occupied the island long before that time.

The first authentic account of the Britons was given by the Romans, about 54

B. C the great Julius Caesar invaded Britain, fought several successful battles with the inhabitants, and carried an account of these battles and a description of the Britons to Rome. A century later.

Agricola established the Roman authority in Britain, and the formerly rude inhabitants of the lowlands of that country became thoroughly Latinized. Roman military stations were established in various portions of the island, and Britain became a Roman province.

A double purpose was served by the Roman conquest of Britain; many important military posts and roads were built, and the people were freed from the tyrannical religious and political sway of the Druids, the priestly class of the Britons. However, no permanent effect was produced on the civilization of the people.

The wisdom of this dispensation of Providence is apparent.

The Roman civilization had already had its day; a newer and better one was to succeed it.

The Roman rule prevailed in Britain for nearly four centuries, when the invasion of Italy by the barbarians of central

Europe, necessitated the recall of all the

Roman legions to the defense of the "Eternal City."Britain was therefore left to the rivalry of the civilized Celts of the lowlands and their barbarous relatives in the mountainous regions, the Picts and

Scots. Roman civilization stood the Brit-

THE ENGLISH PEOPLE.

10/ ons in poor stead under these circumstances.

It had produced an enervating effect, as well as a refining one, and the people who had so bravely resisted the invasion of the greatest conqueror of his time, Julius Ccesar, were helpless before their wild, untutored kinsmen. They appealed to the Teutons for deliverance from their peril, about 450 A. D.

The Teutonic tribes had become the dominant peoples of central Europe. They had successfully resisted the invasions of the Romans, and had even conquered Rome itself. They had spread into Scandinavia on the north, Switzerland and Italy on the south, France and the Netherlands on the west, and Spain and Portugal on the southwest.

They had become the founders of all these mighty European nations, and were now about to enter upon the most lasting and important conquest of Britain.

Horsa and Hengist were Teutonic pirates. They were coasting along the shores of Britain, when the civilized inhabitants of that country implored their aid in resisting the impetuous attacks of the Picts and Scots.

A fierce struggle was going on between these peoples for the mastery of the British lowlands, and the only hope of the Latinized Britons lay in procuring assistance from the German adventurers.

The story of the combatants and the arbitrator finds apt illustration here.

All are familiar with the story of the two boys who quarreled over the ownership of a nut, and called on a large companion to settle the dispute.

Carefully dividing the shell, he gave half to each claimant and kept the kernel. Horsa and Hengist, with their followers, may have had the best and most unselfish of motives in complying with these calls for assistance, but when they had driven the Picts and Scots back to their mountain fastnesses, they became so favorably impressed with the green plains, really the kernel of

Britain, that they determined to enter into possession of these fair regions and bestow the shells, the mountainous regions of Wales and Scotland, upon the former combatants.

In pursuance of this design, Horsa and Hengist invited their relatives over from the continent, and with their assist ance expelled the remaining Celts from the fertile plains of Britain.

Let us now take a brief view of the people who have thus summarily taken possession of the British lowlands.

As before stated, they had light hair and complexion.

They possessed great force of character.

As a rule they were large in stature and fierce, though sluggish, in disposition. Once deciding upon a course of action, they followed it with resistless power and determination. They were devout religionists, although, in common with the other Teutonic peoples, their religion, prior to their conversion to Christianity, was a heathen belief.

They worshipped the sun, the moon, the planets, and the other gods of their rude mythology.

A certain day was set apart for the worship of each of these gods, and the names applied by them to these days are still retained by us.

We have Sunday, the day of the sun's worship.

Monday, sacred to the worship of the moon;

Tuesday, the day of Tiw, the god of war;

Wednesday, sacred to Woden, the chief god of the Teutons; Thursday, the day set apart for the worship of T/ior, the god of thunder and mischievous spirits;

Friday, sacred to the worship of Fria, the goddess of marriage; and Saturday, the day for the worship of Salter, the grave god; corresponding to the Roman god, Saturn.

Like the other Teutonx nations of that time, these Angles, Saxons, and Jutes were blood thirsty.

They delighted in war and conquest.

Their songs were deeply tinged with these feelings, as well as with their religious sentiments.

The young man courted his lady-love with graphic descriptions of sanguinary conflicts, and nothing pleased her better than the knowledge that he had often provided "hot blood for the hungry vultures."The greatest reproach she could cast upon him, was that of cowardice in the pursuit of his enemies.

This blood-thirstiness manifested itself in their literature. Songs of war and conquest alternated with religious poems and with thoughts of the gloom of the grave.

Such songs could be produced only by those who were filled with the

io8 THE ENGLISH PEOPLE.

sentiments they expressed.

Those poets who at one moment could write: "Then in the court came the tumult of war carnage.

They seized with their hand the hollow wood of the shield.

They smote through the bones of the head.

Garulf fell in battle. Around him lay many brave men dying.

The raven whirled about, dark and sombre, like a willow leaf.

.

.

. Never have I heard of a more worthy battle in war."—could at the next instant, ower-awed by feelings of gloom, breathe forth such a rong as this "For thee was a house built ere thou wert born: ** * Thy house is not highly built * * * The roof is built thy breast full high, so thou shalt in earth dwell full cold, dim, and dark.

There thou shalt dwell, and worms shall share thee.

Thou hast no friend that will come to thee, who will ever inquire how that house liketh thee, who shall ever open for thee the door, and seek thee, for soon thou becomest loathly and hateful to look upon."And one of their poets Caldmon. wrote so grandly that Milton was willing to gain most of his inspiration for Paradise Lost from that source.

The Anglo-Saxons had vices.

They were phenomenal drunkards., Ale, wine and mead flowed freely at their feasts, and gluttony was a national institution.

The latter fact must account, in part at least, for the remarkable heaviness and torpidity of the Anglo-Saxon mind, so graphically represented in Scott's famous character Athelstane.

At their feast, while engaging in their drinking bouts, they frequently quarreled, and as often came to blows.

Fists and weapons were freely used, and broken heads, disfigured countenances, and gaping wounds attested the severity of the struggle.

At other times, heated with wine and the excitement of the banquet, they passed the harp around, and sang rude songs, bandied brutal jests, or laid wagers on feast of strength and games of skill.

In war they were as brutal as in their feasts.

A violent death had no terrors for them.

Indeed they believed that only those who fell in war were entitled to the blessed privilege of entering the glorious palace of Woden where there would be no end to feasting and fighting.

One of their leaders, feeling that he was about to die of disease, exclaimed:

"What a shame for me to have lived through so many battles and to end thus by a cow's death!"And he asked that at least his armor might be placed upon him, and he be permitted to die, clad as befits a warrior.

Fearlessness in battle is a natural sequence of such a belief.

We turn now to a contemplation of the

Anglo-Saxon virtues.

There were many noble traits of character among them.

They were not voluptuous By them immorality was regarded as a loathsome thing.

The adulterer was punished with death the adulteress shared his fate.

Their marriage vows were considered most sacred, and were rarely violated.

Their respect for women was inherent.

The family was the sacred circle where the gods delighted to dwell children were considered most precious gifts.

True manliness was not wanting among them.

Their bravery in battle extended not only to independent feats of courage, but also to self-sacrifice for the good of others.

If a lord had followers, they considered themselves in duty bound to share his reverses as well as his sue cesses.

If he fell in battle, they must also fall, if not by the hands of their enemies, then by their own Said they, "He is infamous as long as he lives, who returns from the field of battle without his chief."Strict devotion to duty was one of their strongest traits.

Truthfulness was a conspicuous virtue among the Anglo-Saxons. They despised deception.

If they knew a thing to be true, no matter how terrible, they looked it in the face and defied its terrors by their own constancy.

"Tell the truth and shame the devil,"is a terse proverb evolved from the Anglo-Saxon idea.

They could endure anything but disgrace.

It was their belief that their own souls and bodies were their only possessions, not subject in some degree to the will of another, and these they kept inviolate.

If the integrity of the soul or the chastity of the body was lost, nothing

THE ENGLISH PEOPLE.

of value remained; hence their practice of slaying the one disgraced.

Do not these virtues more than outweigh the vices enumerated above?

The nation practicing such virtues is never in danger of social disintegration.

Faithfulness to self and to each other is the surest rock on which to establish national strength.

These principles are still extant in the English people. They may be less strong than they were among our ancestors, for many changes have occurred; but for what remain to us of these virtues, we are indebted to the Saxon founders of England.

This Anglo Saxon people remained in power in Britain for several centuries.

They changed the name of the country to

England {Engle Land), the land of the Engles, or Angles.

Under their rule the country prospered, but there was for a long time no central government.

The introduction of Christianity, about A.

D., changed the character of the people, infusing into it the mildness and forbearance inculcated through a sincere belief in that religion.

Under its benign influence the Anglo-Saxons ceased their warfare, and finally, about 827

A. D., all the sections, Wessex, Sussex, Essex, Northumberland, etc., (named from their respective geographical positions) were combined into one nation under Egbert.

The land was not permitted to remain long in peace.

Dwelling in Scandinavia were bands of pirates, fierce and fearless, and these in the course of their marauding voyages cast longing eyes on the green plains of England.

They determined to possess themselves of that fertile country, and came over in hordes for that purpose.

Although the English were the same stock as themselves, these

Danes committed the most serious depredations upon them, ravaging the country and plundering and murdering its inhabitants.

The petition of the litany in the Church was made to read, "From the fury of the Northmen, good

Lord, deliver us!"In the midst of these troubled scenes there came to the throne of England one of the most remarkable men of any country or time, Alfred the Great.

It would require a much longer article than this can be made, to recount all that Alfred did for his country.

The early part of his reign was distracted by the almost continual, and generally successful, attacks of the Danes.

At length, Alfred and his few followers were forced to disguise themselves and flee into the woods and morasses for safety.

Rallying, however, the Anglo-Saxons gained some decided victories over their invaders, and finally subdued them, setting apart a portion of the land for their habitation.

Then Alfred began the needed reform of his reign.

Himself a profound scholar, he sought to imbue his people with a love of learning.

He translated for them the myths and legends of the Greeks and Romans, adding a suitable Christian moral to each, that a double purpose might be served.

He favored education, and often chided the people bitterly for their neglect of opportunities for gaining instruction.

He taught Christianity to his subjects, and so thoroughly were its principles inculcated, that dishonesty was almost unknown.

Doors were never locked, and it is said that valuables could be left in the open street with perfect safety. The country and the people were also improved in a material sense. Roads were laid out, bridges were constructed, and cities were built, while habits of industry were commended to the people.

Like the noble Charlemagne of France,

Alfred looked into the minutest details regarding the governmentiof his native land.

About a century after Alfred's death, the Danes again became troublesome.

At length they gained control of the government, and stt Canute on the English throne.

A wise, devout man, he ruled in moderation, and during his life the English had no cause to regret the conquest of their country by the Danes.

His sons were not so wise or magnanimous. They reigned with extreme arrogance, thus engendering deep hatred in the breasts of their subjects.

As a result, they were deposed, and a Saxon, Edward the Confessor, was called to the throne.

The Danish conquests had no deep or lasting effects on the general character of

no HIS AWAKENING.

the English.

The danger to which the Anglo-Saxons were exposed mspired them with a new courage and vigor, for they had been deteriorating in these respects for some time.

But the speech of the people was as purely Saxon after the

Danish conquest as before it.

Willard Done.

HIS AWAKENING.

"So you don't love me!"said Digby Foster, rising abruptly, and walking up and down the room with a certain vehemence of step not usual to him.

He spoke bitterly.

"I did not say that, Mr.

Foster,"said she, quietly.

"Do not pervert my language I said I would not marry you—

"But, Nannie!

but, Miss Bernard!"cried he, impetuously, and in the tone of one who suffered from a great grievance, "you don't consider—you really don't

I am really serious in this matter, and I know you too well to suppose you are a coquette.

I love you, that is the truth.

I never yet saw the woman, till I met you, who I thought would make me a wife.

You have had my first and freshest love.

We have known each other a long time, and you have led me to believe that I am not indifferent to you.

Why do you treat me thus, then? Why reject me?""You do seem to be in earnest, Mr.

Foster,"said she, in the same quiet tone, yet there was a spice of satire in the way she added, "but can you expect me to give my reasons? Once or twice my hand has been asked by gentlemen before you did me this honor, but they were content with a simple refusal.

What would you have me tell you?""See here, Nannie Bernard,"said he, taking a chair and sitting opposite to her, and dangerously close, "I wish to understand this, for

I tell you—you know it you do not need to be told—my happiness, all my hopes, all my prospects in life depend upon your decision.

I wish to know why you reject me.

I wish you to redeem your character by some explanation—nothing more than what is my just due.

I do not know—I am not skilled in woman's ways—perhaps something in my manner has given you offence perhaps I have inadvertently presumed too far upon our long acquaintance—our old intimacy.

If I have, Nannie, I trust you will pardon me."Miss Bernard had cast down her beautiful eyes, and the dainty lids seemed to tremble a little sheathing them.

Perhaps her bosom heaved rather more tumultously than its wont perhaps her throat was somwehat dry and husky; but, although her voice was low and sweet oh, very sweet!—in making answer it could not be perceived to tremble nor to /alter.

"You must not think that, Digby,"she said. "To me you have ever been gentle, courteous—all, and more than all,

I could ask.

You must not go away from here thinking you have offended me.

Far from it—very far from it, my dear fiiend.

But—please do not press these questions upon me.

Will it not suffice to tell you that I cannot marry you?""You love some one else!"cried he, in a shocked and stricken voice.

She hesitated a moment, glanced at him without suffering her eyes to dwell upon his face, and then replied:

"No I do not love anv one else in the way you mean.

There is no man living that I think so—I mean that I—

She blushed vividly, but before her embarrassment could reach its climax he had interrupted her most effectually. He had seated himself upon the sofa alongside of her, he had taken her two hands prisoners in his own, and leaning close to her, and seeking to read her face with eyes that burned with unusual lire—a kind of flame hard to endure without contagion—he said, with all the hurry and warmth and eloquence of passion thoroughly aroused "Ah! you love me, Nannie! You love me, and you can not disguise it if you

HIS AWAKENING.

i ii would!

You love me! And I!"cried he, in a sort of rapture that kindled up all his face and gave a sort of subtle, touching harmony to his voice—"and

I, Nannie!—if I could tell you how I love you the words would set themselves to music!

I love you so dearly, with such entire, untiring, unquestioning devotion that to make you mine has become the absolute quest, the sole active interest of my existence.

Oh, Nannie!

since these two years that I have known you for what you are I have lived in a perpetual sweet land of dreams.

You have filled out my being; you have peopled my fancy; you have made all my hours delicious with your constant dear presence.

Nannie Nannie!

you will not cast me off!

You will be mine—my own—my own precious, cherished wife!"He talked very sweetly; he was entirely in earnest; the devotedness and the depth of his love for her could not be questioned; and it was doubtless very pleasant to her to listen to such accents.

She was a woman, too, and it was pleasant to her to be thus imprisoned in a strong man's hands, and to have his eyes bent upon her, glowing with such sincere passion, and to hear his voice fairly melt and grow tremulous with the intensity of his yearning for her.

Pleasant it was, also, to feel the woman's yielding mood come over her—that sweet, passive obeisance to the softening suggestions of her own heart; that frank willingness to give herself up to this man at this moment, to reward his love, and to show him not only that she had implicit confidence in his truth and honor and honesty, but also that she could bless him with the love of a nature as warm and abundant as his own.

But if Miss Bernard had a woman's weakness, a woman's passivity, she had likewise a woman's nerve, and, even while she yielded physically, and set there quiet as a mouse, feeling her very fibre thrill with an inexpressibly delightful consciousness—even then her spirit was all in arms.

Not for the present, sweet and blissful though it might be, would she risk his future and hers.

His future—ay, that gave her additional strength, if she needed it.

Without withdrawing her hands from his, without straightening her figure from the position in which it seemed actually to nestle against his shoulder, she slowly raised her face until her eyes met his. Then she said, low and softly, but with a wonderful sort of self-control:

"Digby, I have not deceived you. Your love for me has not been without its influence upon me.

How could it, so generous, so frank, so honest, so kind, so true as I know you to be?

But, nevertheless, Mr.

Foster, though I do love you, I will not encourage that love.

I will not marry you."He started, looked at her earnestly, and then he released her hands and drew back.

Her resolution was not to be mistaken.

Her determination was palpably fixed and final.

He drew back, perplexed, grieved, shocked, and his stunned air seemed to shake her and unsettle her more than his passion had done.

Her eyes were full of pity for him.

"It has cost me a deal to say this to you, Mr.

Foster,"said she, laying her hand kindly upon his arm, while her voice faltered not a little; "I wanted to spare you everything like pain, and I would willingly have spared myself also.

Do not let me think I havegrieved you,"she added, entreatingly.

"Nannie,"he replied, with a troubled brow, "I do not understand this at all.

You love me, you praise me for more good qualities than I possess, yet—you will not marry me!

I cannot comprehend it.

As I told you, I do not understand women.

I do not claim any right to have an explanation, but, if you love me, do you not think that you really owe me so much as to tell me your reasons for acting in a way which, you must confess, viewed by ordinary rules, seems to be strange and paradoxical?

I don't insist, but—

"But—I will tell you, Digby—give me a moment to put in words what I mean, and I will tell you, though it will be hard for me to do, for I can scarcely say that what I mean is something that can be accurately expressed in words."She rose from her seat, walked the length of the room, and stood by one of the front windows, resting her forehead

HIS AWAKENING.

against the cool glass.

He stood upon the hearth resting his elbows upon the mantel-piece.

His looks were* downcast, and his forehead puckered up with that same frown of perplexity and trouble.

Here, if I intended it, would be place to give a description of these two personages of my story.

But I do not purpose to undertake any such work of supererogation.

Experience convinces me that, in nine cases out of ten, our recognition of described persons is a concrete one entirely; we see, not the person depicted by the author, but some actual individual of our acquaintance, between whom and the one depicted we fancy a resemblance either of person or of attribute.

Let the reader, therefore, in imagining the appearance of Digby Foster and Nannie Bernard, fill up the picture according to his own taste. Let him recall some young lady and young gentleman whom they seem to be like, and the thing is done.

For the young lady take a woman of good manners, of handsome estate, aged twenty-three, something of a belle, very much of a beauty, educated, intelligent, kindly, yet piquant, a very good talker, and suspected of the capacity to say sharp and cutting things upon occasion.

In personifying Foster you are to imagine Miss Foster's masculine counterpart—I mean socially.

He was as handsome for a man as she for a woman.

He was well read, polished, and eminently popular.

He shed quite a lustre of his own upon society, had no vices to speak of, knew a good picture when he saw it, was an unexceptional "match,"was underscored in all bills for a good husband to be, had abundant means, wrote pretty good verses after the Tennyson school, and for his profession was attorney and counselor at law—without a case.

Fill up the outline, reader, the canvas is before you.

The statue at the window and the statue on the hearth kept their positions about as long as it has taken you to read what I have written about them. No word passed.

At last Foster shook himself out of his moody thoughts and walked toward the window. Miss Bernard turned to meet him, a little pale, perhaps, but with features quite composed.

"Well,"said he, "you have decided against speaking the cruel words?

The reasons do not exist?

If the true love, the sincere devotion of a lifetime, Nannie,"began he again, and tried to take her hand.

But she snatched it quickly away from him and drew back.

"I never saw a generous man!"cried she, with passion.

"You shall not touch me, sir!

You think, because I love you, and your touch is pleasant to me, and your voice has an influence over me, weak woman as I am, that you can bend me from my purpose.

You were never so wrong, sir.""Nannie!"exclaimed he, with a pathetic sort of grief, as if hurt to the core, "I do not deserve this "And she, seeing that he was hurt, melted at once.

"I am cross, Digby, forgive me.

We women are always cross when we are made sensible of our weakness.

But you shall not take hold of my hand.

Sit down—over there—and I will walk.

Yes, you are right;

I owe you some explanation.

How shall I explain to you my feelings?

I will be candid with you, and all

I ask in return is that you will hear me patiently.

I have long felt that you loved me, and would ask me to be your wife, and I will not conceal from you that it gave me pleasure to perceive that in all the large circle you moved in I was the woman of your choice.

More than that, it gives me inexpressible gladness to know that you love me, as it would have caused me many pangs to know that you loved another.""Why, you are a Platonist, Nannie Bernard, "interrupted Foster.impatiently, yet wondering.

"Nay, Digby, do not sneer.

We two, when we are together, can afford to be ourselves.

I am sure you do not wish to pain me.""And I am sure you are mistaken when you say you love me.

Love can not be thus cold.""So be it then!"said she calmly.

"If love can not reason if love be blind and foolish and suicidal, then I do not love

HIS AWAKENING.

"3 you But Digby, I am sure that it is because of my love I refuse to marry you.

It is because I love, honor and respect you so truly, not only you as you are, but you as you ought to be, you as you can and will be, unless I prevent, that I decline the present happiness you offer me.

Digby, I want you to ofr something, to be something—to deserve the good gifts that have been lavished upon you, by some creditable achievement.

That is why I refuse to marry you ""Ah!"said he, sarcastically.

"I did not know you had so much pride—such a vaulting ambition! Your husband must have won distinction, eh?""No, not that, Digby;

and you know that you willfully misconstrue me.

You know that I could be happy enough with you us you are, but for one thing You yourself would not be happy.""I! not happy with you, Nannie!""Yes.

In spite of your wondering and most nattering emphasis, that is precisely the truth of the matter.

I know you better than you know yourself, Digby Foster.

You are idle, lazy, a do-nothing and you think you are content to be so.

But you are proud as Lucifer, and ambitious.

You are fitted for better things, and if you cannot grasp them your dream of happiness will be a mere bubble. Love is well enough now, and for a time might content you as it would content me.

But men do not live by love, as we poor women do. They need stronger aliment.

Ten years hence my love might make me still happy, but yours, without being diminished a particle, would be outgrown and left behind by the progressive energy and exactiveness of your nature as a man.

Then, awaking so late, it would be too late for you to begin, and I should start out of my dream of love to find its fruition in a discontented, unhappy husband, become so through my fault.

I should never forgive myself if any selfishness of mine brought ruin to your doors.

I will not marry you, Digby Foster; and perhaps in telling you so thus plainly, and giving my reasons in so uncomplimentary a fashion, I may be applying the very gad-fly which will sting you into action.""Action!

Ah, don't you remember what happened to Io when the gad-fly stung her?

But no!"cried he, with a sudden change of tone, and at once freeing his manner from the bitterness with which he had begun to speak.

"No I will not let you think that your generous language has fallen to the ground unappreciated.

What you have said to me shall not go unheeded, and has done me no harm.

Believe me, dear Nannie, I take your noble words as they were meant.

True, your decision is inexpressibly painful to me True, your opinions clash with those I have fondly cherished and built my dearest hopes upon Yet I can readily see that your views may embody the stern truth I have not had courage to face, while mine may be only the dreamy illusions my nature calls up as a cloak and veil for its undone duties.

Woe's me I've had a rude waking Nannie, I will bid you good evening.

I shall not return to the subject of this conversation until I feel myself able to controvert your opinions of my unworthiness, or else, to convince you of your fallacy."

He held out his hand to her.

"We part friends?"said she, eagerly.

"Never closer!"he answered, warmly.

"But what am I to do? and how am I to go about it?"thought Digby Foster, several nights afterward, as he slowly sauntered along the streets, pondering with great dissatisfaction upon Nannie Bernard's determination to make a hero or a workman of him against his will.

This was a year or two before the war, and the duties of young men in his circumstances were by no means so clearly defined as they have since been by the sharp stress of our sterner times.

The amari aliquid then in every fountain of youth was the lack of an appropriate thing to do, and, not having that, they generally bestowed themselves either to dry-rot in utter idleness or to do the most inappropriate thing possible.

For young gentlemen of leisure and wealth, in those days, there was, (on the surface of things) only the alternative of more wealth or of more leisure; more wealth through the contracting and sordid ways of trade or of trade-like profession; or more leisure,

ii 4 HIS AWAKENING in the shape of inane loiterings from hotel to hotel, up and down the world, club life, and fast horses, with perchance some rural upholstery that went by the name of farming, or a languid, kid-glove pursuit of extremely shallow artistic fancies. There was politics, to be sure, and genuine politics if one chose. But the form of politics has never received a patent of nobility in this country, and the only entrance to it has been through the pot-house and the ward meeting, things from the contact of which our young aristocrats shrank with natural loathing.

In such a state of society earnestness had few inducements to offer to its followers, and decidedly no facinations.

Social averages have no tendency to produce comets, and if young men are disposed to wander from the prescribed orbit they generally do not soar but sink.

Besides, and to come more nearly to our theme, not many young ladies were used to view matters in the light in which they struck Miss Bernard.

They might certainly have been quite as exacting in respect of duties toward themselves, and in respect of those toward convention and society, but further than this they were not inclined to go—quite probably could not see. So it happened that Mr. Foster's was a case entirely without a precedent, and he was proportionately perplexed.

He felt convinced that Miss Bernard was absolutely right; he admired and praised her for the position she had taken, but and here he stopped.

The path had turned into a squirrel track and run up a tree.

What was her position, exactly?

What was the precise thing she wanted him to do, and what to become.

"What does she want me to get at, any how? Something with a shine upon it, or something having a soul within it?

And what am I fit for? What is there that I can do, any how?

I wonder if she would like me to go to the North Pole?

I could acquire the Esquimau lingo there perhaps, get a taste for raw blubber, and learn something of electric currents and the glacier theory.

By George and I might keep a journal, and write a book, too! But it would be a waste of time to be ice-locked somewhere up there in the Arctic regions, like poor Sir John Franklin.

Besides, I never could endure cold feet.

No that thought is enough to depolarize me completely.

I really should like to have some insight into her secret thoughts in regard to an occupation.

I do not fancy Nannie is one to require a man to go to the South Season missionary business in order to win credit with her for true manhood.

I don't think her definition of heroism implies any infraction of sanitary laws or of aesthetic laws.

She's a genuine woman there, and sees as much godliness in the proper as in anything else.

But beyond this I cannot guess what she means.

Heigh-ho It needs more than a thermometer to feel a woman's pulse.

It has always been so, from the days of Adam down to this hour of Digby Foster, when man's dullness came in contact with woman's wit.

Well, if I cannot get into her good graces, I can at least see her pretty face here at the Opera!"Yes, she wae there, and she had never appeared more radiant in his eyes.

He had not visited her since she had rejected him, and he did not speak to her now nor go near her, but gazed at her with a hungry look, until his whole soul was filled with a miserly longing for her.

Poor fellow He had now fairly begun to have a "realizing sense"of all that she had been to him, and it did not tend to mellow his consciousness of loss that, the longer he looked, the more dissatisfied he was with his position, and the more impossible seemed the height he had to scale before reaching her.

"I must bring her a feather from the Phoenix's wing;"said he, bitterly, as he left the house after the performance "I, who do not believe any such rare bird exists, much less know where she roosts

It's hard fortune, I say!"He did not go home to his boardinghouse, but wandered up and down the streets for a long while, in a wretched, purposeless fashion that bespoke how unhappy he was much more plainly than any other action could have done.

It was a strange feeling for him, this gnawing sense of dissatisfaction and unrest, and the more acute because of its newness.

HIS AWAKENING.

He passed by the Club rooms.

The windows were brilliantly lighted up, and he could hear the hum of talk, and the click of billiard-balls.

He felt tempted to go in to have a game, to take a glass of brandy, to drink a bottle of Champagne, somehow to overlay his sombre mood with a temporary gilding of mirth, but he passed on finally and continued his sentinel-pace, gnawing his mustache, and being finely gnawed in turn by the young foxes in his bosom.

However, one must go home some time or other, even if that home be a boarding-house; and toward the small hours Foster turned his steps in that direction, his problem all unsolved. Within a few doors of the highly respectable place where he purchased "all the comforts of a home"at an unconscionable price per week, he was accosted under a street-lamp by a woman, who addressed him in the stereotyped fashion.

He brushed her aside rather rudely, and was passing on, when the woman staggered, and only saved herself from falling by clinging to the lamp-post.

There was something in the action which startled him.

"What is the matter with you?

You are not drunk, are you?"he asked sharpiy- "I am starving!"hoarsely gasped the woman, and from her crouching posture she lifted up a gaunt, haggard, white face of which he read the meaning only too plainly in the lamp-light.

"My goodness I believe you are!"he cried, putting his hand in his pocket.

''Here, take this, and get yourself something to eat."

The woman clutched the note in her fingers without a word of thanks, staggered irresolutely to her feet, and started off.

But she had not tottered ten steps before, with a deep groan, she sank to the pavement, fainting—dying it might be—at any rate there she lay, insensible.

To a man like Foster there was no time for hesitation or debate.

He picked the poor wretch up in his arms, and, in another minute, he had her in the boarding house, in his room, lying upon his bed.

A glass of brandy revived her slightly, but her condition was so desperate as to require further aid. He rang up a couple of servants—they knew his liberality so well that they were always willing to wait on him—sent off for a doctor, had a hasty cup of tea and some light food got ready, and, after an hour or two, had the satisfaction of seeing a sort of reaction set up, and the woman go quietly to sleep. "One more unfortunate,"caught, this time, in the very act of making the fatal plunge.

"Wouldn't it have been better to have let her die?"queried the physician, as, his ministrations ended, he pocketed his fee and prepared to retire.

"For her, perhaps so,"answered Foster, "but not for me."The doctor gone, the woman quietly sleeping, a man servant in the room as watcher, and Foster seated with a book under his shaded light, he began to think.

He had not reflected while the period for action lasted, but now he did reflect, and he began to be conscious that his charitable impulses had served to place him somewhat in the position of the man who bought an elephant at auction. However, as he said to himself, there was nothing now for him to do but to see the adventure out, and, while John snored and dreamed of the knives and forks, he read his book and mused upon the impossibilities of modern chivalry.

When morning came Foster's bad bargain began to show some more of its incommodities.

The woman woke in a high fever, delirious, raving.

Her flighty purposes expressed themselves in a form decidedly uncongenial to the subdued atmosphere and genteel proprieties of a "first class"boarding house.

Oaths and obscenity flowed loudly from her lips in a stream as black and engorged as that which a large sewer empties into a river.

The doors of Foster's rooms were not thick enough to shut in the execrable tide, and remonstrance only had the effect to further exasperate the frantic, fever stricken woman.

Foster sent for the doctor again, and the landlady sent for Foster.

She met him with a severely virtuous air that he could not help inwardly smiling at, though its import was tragic enough for him; she

n6 HIS AWAKENING.

said she would not have believed it of him if any one had told her and gave him notice to vacate his roomirat the expiration of his week as well as to remove "that creature"instantaneously, or she would be under the unpleasant necessity of sending for a policeman.

Foster attempted to explain.

She cut him short with a still more icy urging of her ultimatum.

He remonstrated.

The woman was very ill—could not be moved, perhaps.

It did not make any difference.

What did he bring her there for? He had found her upon the street in a dying condition, he said.

Then he should have sent her to the station house or the alms house This was certainly no place to bring her.

It could not be expected of her to let him keep such a woman in her house.

All her boarders would leave before the day was out.

The thing was an imposition and an outrage, and one she would not have suspected a gentleman like Mr. Foster of attempting to practice upon an unprotected widow. Thereupon, to complete his demolition, madam began to sob and shed tears; and the upshot of his discomfiture was that Foster paid his bill, ordered his trunks to be sent to a hotel, and carried off his bad bargain to the nearest hospital, where he saw that she was provided with the attendance and comforts which her case demanded.

For several days the woman's life hung upon a thread finally, however, she was out of danger and began to mend.

Foster looked after her sedulously, but, before she was discharged cured, he had had a full taste of the discomforts a man sometimes purchases for himself by stepping out of the beaten path of charity and attempting to do business upon a plan of his own. The boarding house affair naturally got abroad, and every possible version of it (except the true one) was talked about among his friends and acquaintances. The sly winks, nods, and innuendoes which encountered him at every turn did not disturb our friend's equanimity a great deal; nor was he materially put out by the holy horror his case excited among the "unco guid"of both sexes; but it did vex him to be seriously taken to task for impropriety by many friends whose good opinion he valued and when, finally, meeting Miss Bernard on the street, she passed him without a sign of recognition, he experienced a genuine and bitter misery such as he had never known before.

You may be sure these misadventures did not tend to increase the favor with which Foster looked upon his bad bargain.

Still there was a certain stubborn sort of grit in the man's disposition which it required opposition to bring to the surface, and the very fact of the outcry against him perhaps piqued him to make extra efforts to show the unreason of it.

He came to look upon the woman as a certain ungainly gift to him from Providence, and he made up his mind he would not turn her adrift for the next storm to sink without at least an effort to bring her into harbor.

"The doctor said I had better have left her to die,"quoth he to himself.

"I will show them all that I did right and that they judged wrongly."Thus it happened that when Sarah Lough, as the women called herself, was ready to leave the hospital, she had a patron in Digby Foster Before she left he had an interview with her, to ascertain what could be done.

He found her to be a very unprepossessing creature, much broken by dissipation and har^h usage.

She was a low-browed, sullen woman, of about thirty years of age.

She had come from the lower walks of life, was grossly ignorant, skeptical alike of generosity and of goodness, and overborne by that apathetic sort of desperation which is the hardest cloud of any to lift from such souls.

She evidently entertained a species of grateful feeling for what she owed Foster, but as evidently could not rid her mind of the idea that he had acted from some selfish motive yet to be disclosed.

She was at war with the race, and wanted more reason still before she should exempt him from her hostile feelings.

Foster, looking at her as she sat before him, with her harsh, haggard features and her vulgar ways, thought that even Mrs. Grundy would be disarmed of her suspicions could she behold the object of them.

He asked Sarah Lough if she had any

HIS AWAKENING.

place to go to, now that she was well again.

She signified that she supposed she would have to go back to where she had come from when he found her. Decent people would'nt have anything to do with the like of her, and she must go where she could.

It didn't matter much where she went.

''You have two stout hands there. You can work, I should suppose,"said Foster bluntly.

Yes, she could work, and would be glad to do it—any kind of work; but while she was waiting for work she would starve again.

People couldn't work unless they had a start.

After full consultation with Sarah Lough and with the women in charge of the hospital Foster determined to give the woman a fair trial in a new way of life.

He had no very glowing hopes of her, but still he was willing to see what a persistent and intelligent effort could effect in such a case.

He might only get himself laughed at for his pains.

He might save a soul.

At any rate it would not cost him a great deal.

So Foster found Sarah Lough a place to board, gave her some decent clothing, and saw that she was provided with the only kind of work she was capable of doing—plain sewing.

Beyond this and a little supervision, just enough to let her feel that he was interested in her welfare, yet not enough to make her think she was watched, Foster's plans for the woman's reformation did not go, and therefore, perhaps, they were the more successful. He did not preach to her nor send her tracts; he did not, by line and precept, argue with her upon "the error of her ways;"but he strove, in a modest, unobtrusive fashion, to teach her chiefly the value of self-dependence, to let her see that she could support herself in tolerable comfort so long as she was steady and industrious, and to make it plain to her own perception that she was far happier living thus than she ever had been in the life from which he had extricated her.

He sought likewise to make her feel that the assistance he was giving her was only temporary until she was fairly started, and encouraged her to save her little earnings for the purpose of buying a sewing-machine.

He had a rather tough battle of it, and a very disagreeable one, with the woman's dark, sullen, hopeless nature, but by degrees his unvarying kindness and the forceful energy of his strong commonsense won the day.

There was but little to interest a man of refined tastes in Sarah Lough.

But still it was not without a natural pride that our freind began to perceive that the ugly devil which possessed his protegee was being exorcised.

He noticed that her habits oi industry grew more regular and confirmed; her health became better under a healthier regimen; her mind and spirits acquired a sort of elasticity;

and in her neater and cleanlier dress, her more subdued and womanlike manners, and her hopeful eye he saw pleasant proot that the relorm he was so much interested in had fairly begun.

Meanwhile there were many changes, and some very unpalatable ones, in Foster's own domestic economy.

The transition from a boarding house to a hotel had only made him wonder that he had so long excluded himself from comfortable existence; but his reputed impudent liason with Sarah Lough had caused him to run against many a cold shoulder in society.

He was too self-contained, and, we must add, too stubborn and willful to volunteer an explanation upon such occasions.

One or two slights made him sensitive and quick to suspect other slights he fancied the houses closed against him which he had visited with pleasure, and he did not care to enter the doors which he knew were still open to him.

Another man, in his situation, would have been in danger of becoming an Ishmaelite; but it was characteristic of Foster always to ''come out strong"under opposition and in the face of obstruction.

Besides, unconsciously to himself, his work in Sarah Lough's behalf had excited a powerful influence in developing those latent energies of character, which, in many a man like him, lie so long dormant that they finally die of atrophy. He had suddenly stumbled upon a social

Ii8 HIS AWAKENING.

fallacy.

He had discovered a rent in the purple robe.

He had found out that the world he esteemed could not tolerate charity unless it were administered according to the world's ideas.

Moreover, he had brought society's shallow judgments to the bar of his own person, and tested the friendship that he thought he could depend upon, and in both regards had found a broad margin between profession and performance.

Society, he fancied, had used him particularly ill.

So long as he had continued on his old, idle course, doing nothing, caring for nothing, but disturbing nothing, everything went smoothly with him.

But so soon as he attempted to do a real and genuine good deed the world was up in arms against him, a cloud of aspersion and misrepresentation gathered about him, and he was driven off like a prophet of evil. But in this instance he was conscious that he was right and society wrong;

that he had done a good, honest part by an erring, unhappy woman;

that, acting from the purest motives, he had worked a reform where John Howard would have despaired;

and that, for doing this, society had tried him without appeal, and judged him unheard. Time would right him, and he meant to wait time's sure working. He would not abandon his good work to an unreasoning prejudice, nor would he go down upon his knees to beg pardon of the society that had injured him.

No, he was self contained, and would "gang his ain gait."Meantime, however, thus expatriated and exiled, he began to perceive the need of an occupation.

A strange sort of unrest had come over him, and he perceived that he could not employ himself permanently in going about the streets picking up wretched women to practice spiritual physic upon.

He must have something to do that was more substantial.

The natural yearnings of an active spirit began to assert themselves, and he fairly cursed his idleness for the wasted years it had suffered to slip by.

Almost unconsciously to himself he found his steps daily taking the direction of his neglected law-office, and, after a while, he spent here the greater part of the business day, dusting and rearranging his books, reassorting his papers, and furbishing up by new readings and carefully revising his former very clever acquaintance with his profession.

He read for occupation, not for clients, since he had no idea these would come.

One or two clients did accidentally stumble in, however, and gave him cases, which he took with a strange eagerness, while his brother lawyers smiled sneeringly to see Digby Foster's name entered upon criminal and minor plea dockets, as counsel in cases the fees for which would not keep him in pocket money.

Still, it gave him something to do—it furnished him with a subsidy of new interests outside himself, and, as he philosophically reasoned, a lawyer may find as much work to do in a five dollar case, if he so chooses, as he can in one where his energies are quickened by a thousand dollar retaining fee.

One day when he was seated in his office figuring over the knotty issues of a petty case of appeal from "Mulligan, J.

P."the gentleman with whom he had studied law entered.

This was the distinguished Mr. Codex, one of the most learned, able, and prominent members of the bar in the city, and, outside of his profession, as observant, shrewd, long headed a man as one could wish to encounter.

"I see your name is printed on some of the dockets, Digby,"said he, after the first salutations.

"What's that for? A freak? or do you really intend to begin practice?""Upon my word I do not know,"replied Foster.

"It is too recent a thing with me for me to have made up my mind yet I resumed the old studies by accident, so as to speak, because I had nothing else to do, and I find that I like it very much.

Of course these bothersome six-penny cases I have taken do not give me a fair chance, but I take them upon principle, and I think I would make a pretty fair lawyer if I could get something creditable to do.""That is precisely what I came about,"said old Codex, shortly.

"I saw you in court yesterday, and thought you looked hungry for a case.

You dog you!

I saw

HIS AWAKENING.

you criticising my argument, too."Don't deny it! Now, I'm a candid man.

I know your calibre pretty well.

I believe that you have the material for a good lawyer in you, if you will only put your shoulder to the wheel.

Come, I'll tell you what I will do.

There's the B will case.

It comes up in a couple of weeks.

It is a very important issue; has excited a good deal of attention, and offers the right chance for eclat.

My hands are too full for me to do all the work.

If you say so, you shall be associate counsel with me in the case, and we'll share the honors and profits of it between us."Foster's eyes glowed with delight and gratitude as he accepted the generous proposition of Mr. Codex.

"There, no thanks!"said the senior. "I know what I am about.

You'll be a great help to me. and you'll save me a great amount of tiresome work.

No thanks.

Come round to my office to-morrow morning at nine.

The papers are all there, and we can go over them together and decide upon our course of action.

We'll have a hard fight of it, but there's a fair chance to win!"Foster did not require to be told that his old sponser in law proposed to do him a great service in thus bringing him prominently forward in connection with one of the most important cases of the day, and he resolved not only that his friend should not have to regret his kindness, but also that he would make skillful use of so rare an opportunity to win for himself an unquestionable rank in the profession.

Accordingly, he devoted the next fortnight to close and unintermitting study, going nowhere, and seeing nobody except Mr. Codex.

I must, however, except one evening, on which, at her request, he went to see

Sarah Lough.

She wished to consult him in reference to an offer that had been made her to go West with another woman who wished to establish a partnership in dress-making.

Upon inquiry Foster found that the affair would be to his protegee's advantage, and urged her to accept it, at the same time promising her any assistance she needed.

"I have money enough for my purposes, Mr.

Foster,"she said; and then, as he rose to go, added with great emotion "I am not going to thank you for what you have done.

You don't need my thanks, and I could not utter them.

You have made a woman of me once more you have done it in the only way it could have been done, and that too, in spite of what people have said and thought.

I know more than you think I do.

I will not tell you how much; but I know that you have had great trouble on my account, and I know that these troubles are almost at an end, and you are going to be rewarded more than you can dream of, for having befriended me.

Oh Mr. Foster, I hope that you will be very happy I know you will be!"There was something in the woman's significant words and her keen looks at him that startled Foster, and as he went home to his hotel his brain was full of thoughts and dreams of Nannie Bernard.

As Mr. Codex had predicted, the B will-case excited a good deal of public as well as professional interest.

There was a goodly number of spectators present during the four days it lasted, a large attendance on the part of the bar, and a coterie of the omnipresent reporters, who gave to the case four or five columns each morning in the newspapers.

Foster was somewhat embarrassed at first; but this speedily disappeared, was forgotten, in fact, in the absorbing interest of the case itself, which, from the numerous points involved, the doubtful character and various vicissitudes of the testimony, and the ability of the counsel engaged, had in fact all the features of a grand strategic campaign.

Our friend acquitted himself admirably.

He had studied the issue with ardor under the shrewd guidance of old Codex, and had gone so thoroughly into all the contingencies of it, that he found himself armed at all points, and ready, like a skillful chessplayer to anticipate every move his opponents made.

So well indeed had he performed his part that Codex, on the evening preceding the last day of the trial, changed his dispositions, and re-

HIS AWAKENING.

quested his ally to make the closing speech.

To this Foster objected—but the old lawyer had his own way^ "All I was afiaid of,"said he, "was that you would not keep cool.

This you have shown your ability to do.

We have fought over pretty much all the technical grounds involved, and

I want you to go before the jury with the case.

You have more vim, more fire than I have.

I'm too old.

Your young blood will enable you to electrify them more to put yourself in closer rapport with them.

That is all we need to win the case.

Go home now, and get ready to give it to them strong.

I thought I knew what was in you, Digby, but you have surpassed my expectations.

Do your best tomorrow.

This Foster made up his mind to do, and when the morrow came he acquitted himself in a speech three hours long, in a way that surprised him as much as it did every one who heard him.

"You have done wonderfully,"said Mr. Codex, grasping his hand as he sat down at last, trembling all over with ex citement.

"He's won the case,"grumbled the senior counsel on the other side, flinging a shrewd interrogative glance at the jury as the bailiffs piloted them out of the court-room.

And so it proved, for in less than an hour the B will-case was decided by a verdict for the parties represented by Codex and Foster.

As they went out of the court-house together Mr. Codex said "By-the way, Digby, I've a message for you.""For me?

From whom?""Yes, for you, and from a young lady, a particular friend of mine—Miss Nannie

Bernard.

You know her, i believe."Oh yes, he knew her "Somehow or other—from the natural curiosity of her sex, I suppose—she has taken an immense deal of interest in the progress of this B will-case of ours and she commissioned me to tell you that she would like you to call upon her some time tomorrow, if you have leisure, to tell her all about it.

You haven't been to see her lately, she said, and that is why she sends you a special message, You'll go, won't you?"Would he go?

What a superfluity of words Sarah Lough was to leave the city at an early hour the next morning; and after dinner Foster went toward her room to keep his promise of bidding her good-by.

She lived at the top of a tall house, and in going up the stairs, which were quite dark in the gathering twilight, Foster was brushed against by a lady who was passing rapidly down. He could not see who she was.

But when he got up to Sarah's room he found that woman standing in the doorway, weeping and greatly agitated.

Her excitement increased at sight of him, and she cried:

"Did you not meet her?

Didn't she pass you on the stairs?""Her?

Who?"he exclaimed.

"That angel—Miss Bernard!""What Miss Bernard here?""Yes! God bless her! She has befriended me—has done as much for me as you have.

She heard of what you have done for me.

She would not believe the lies.

She hunted me up and found out the truth.

It was for your sake, I know She knows everything.

Don't wait for me—go after her—catch her Don't stay here, Mr. Foster! Did I not tell you she loves you yet! Hasn't she been so nervous about your speech today that she was fit to cry? Good-by, Mr. Foster. God bless you and Miss Bernard I"Foster did not hear her.

His errand was quite forgot. Down stairs he plunged, three steps at a time, at the imminent peril of his neck. The street was already dark, the lamps lighted, but he knew in which direction to go, and it did not take him long to catch up with her as she hurried along, with her veil down.

"Miss Bernard—Nannie,"cried he, breathlessly, "I am going your way. Will you take my arm?*'She didn't say a word in reply, but her hand trembled as she rested it upon his arm.

"Mr. Codex said you wished to see me tomorrow—won't tonight do as well?""Mr.

Codex told you so?

The old rascal I never sent any such message,

READING, WRITING, TRANSLATING believe me, Mr.

Foster.

I'll pinch his ears for that.""He said you were very much interested in the B will-case.""So I am.

Did you speak today?

Did you win the case?""Yes, it was decided in our favor?""You did very well then, didn't you, Mr. Foster?""Why do you wish to know?""Why? because I gave you the case, to be sure.""You—gave—me—the case!""Of course I did!

I heard you were so desperate that you had come down to assaults and batteries, so I took pity on you and asked Mr. Codex to get you on some nice respectable business so that you needn't waste your talents.

Of course I wanted you to do well after having pledged myself that you would.""Nannie, I've—I've gone to work, you see.""Yes, and I think you treat your friends very meanly.

Are you so busy that you have no time to visit?""Nannie, you know you cut me, right on the street.""Oh, I was mad that day—I had just heard the reports.

I only believed them a single day, Digby, and I'm sorry I did you even that injustice.

I've done what I could to make reparation to you.""That woman told me, just now, how—

"Digby Foster!"said Miss Bernard, turning her face to his suddenly, and as suddenly turning it away again, "do you know that you are a very noble man.""Am I, Nannie?

It sounds pleasant to be told so by you.""Yes, you are!

You just went off and did what was exactly right, but what other people wouldn't have done for the world, and never dreamed of taking credit to yourself for it.

That's what I call being noble.""Well, but I've gone to work, too, Nannie."She had no answer to make now.

"Don't you think I've done something?"She indicated her answer by a slight pressure upon his arm.

"The laborer is worthy of his hire, Nannie."No answer.

"Don't you trust me yet, Nannie?"

Again the upturned face, the face suddenly turned away again.

"I do trust you, Digby."And thus it was that Digby Foster won his spurs, as a good knight and true, worthy to break a lance for the honor of his lady-love, Miss Nannie Bernard.

Edmund Spencer.

READING, WRITING, TRANSLATING.

'We are a nation of orators!"exclaimed some one, more enthusiastic than critical.

He had been contemplating the number of men and women in the United

States who address the public in spoken words.

A more judicious critic, instead of ejecting that exclamation, might have shrugged his shoulders at the national fluency, and quoted from Hamlet:

"Folonius—What do you read, my lord?

Hamlet—Words, words, words."Few of our public speakers recognize the truth of Southey's remark, that it is with words as with sunbeams; the more they are concentrated, the deeper they burn.

A majority of those who seek the public ear are ignorant of the exact value ot words.

They use them as the drunken miner uses gold, tossing out a handful of dust for a glass of whisky.

A small but select minority know that words should be the equivalent of ideas.

Therefore, they are as chary of them as is the bullion broker of gold.

He pays it out, not in dust but concentrated in coin, and only the exact amount checked for.

The judicious critic, however, does not object to the orator's fluency, but to his flatulency.

He knows that a speaker who would command the public must so command language that he can marsha

READING, WRITING, TRANSLATING.

"the aptest words in the aptest places."To acquire this power should be the aim of every young man who purposes to speak to the public.

For the style is the orator.

We commend to the student anxious to acquire a clear, racy, rythmical English style, the suggestions given by Professor

Matthews in his "Oratory and Orators."They advise the constant use of the pen in original composition, and in translation, the reading and re-reading the best prose writers and poets, and the committing of their finest passages to memory.

Reading fertilizes the mind, memorizing sows it with seed-thoughts.

They do even more; they give the taste a relish for the beautiful, and train the ear to catch the melody and harmony of good

English.

William Pitt read and re-read, under the direction of his lather, Barron's sermons, to secure copiousness of language and the rhythmical roll of his surging sentences.

He and Fox were students of the Latin and Greek classics.

"The study of good authors, and especially of poets,"wrote Fox, "ought never to be intermitted by any man who is to speak or write for the public."Daniel Webster was a profound student of Milton and Shakespeare.

Choate, besides keeping himself familiar with science, philosophy, and belles-lettres, read aloud daily two or three pages from some first-class English author.

He did it to secure elevation, vigor, and refinement of style.

The use of the pen in original composition compels attention, and the going to the bottom of a subjcet.

It also leads to the selection of the best words, and to the expression of thought with precision and vigor.

An orator who practises composition is likely to possess traits which command public attention—luminousness of ideas and accuracy of statement.

Webster always wrote his speeches when he could get a chance.

He never, however, as Edward Everett invariably did, learned them by heart, or delivered them from memory.

He spoke from a mind filled with the subject, and trained by composition to express his ideas with precision.

Some of the most eloquent of orators acquired their command of "winged words,"such as flew straight to the heads and hearts of the people, by the habit of translating.

Lord Chatham used to translate Demosthenes into English, and then turn the translation into Greek.

Lord Brougham wrote to Macaulay's father:

"I composed the peroration of my speech for the Queen in the House of Lords, after reading and repeating Demosthenes for three or four weeks, and I composed it twenty times over, at least."Rufus Choate held that an advocate should make the culture of expression as specific a study as the invention of thought.

He therefore translated a little every day.

Tacitus was his favorite author.

He would translate one of the historian's pregnant words by a fitting word, and then rack his brain to find five or six synonyms which should also express the meaning.

He said his translations kept fresh the words already acquired, and brought to light new phrases, choice in their richness, and picturesque in their expression.

"You don't want,"he once said to a law-student, "a diction gathered from the newspapers, caught from the air, common and suggestive;

but you want one whose every word is full freighted with suggestions, with beauty and with power."The examples we have quoted and the suggestions which drop from them exhibit an important fact the orator is made, not born.

Here and there, at long intervals, a natural orator appears; but the eloquence which lives is the result of severe discipline and hard work.

J.

Z.

T.

Let us beware of losing our enthusiasms.

Let us ever glory over something, and strive to retain our admiration for all that would ennoble, and our interest in all that would enrich and beautify our life.

ANCIENT

HISTORY.

in.

Egypt.—n.

The history of great nations consists not alone in the rehearsal of the reigns of her kings and the conquests of her arms, but in every inquiring mind arises the questions What kind of people were they? How did they live? What of their social life, their religion, there government? What progress had they made in the sciences, arts and inventions?

Fortunately we are not left in doubt on these interesting subjects as regards the ancient Egyptians they possessed the characteristic which the whole civilized human family have so well exemplified, the desire to perpetuate their name and history.

Although few books of Ancient Egypt have been preserved to our day, and these few treatises rather of religion and ceremonials of the temples than accounts of the life and history of the people, yet every where throughout the land are found leaves of the great history of the past, engraved on palace walls, temples, pillars and tombs and on the face of the everlasting cliffs. There are pictured scenes of the domestic life of the people which enable us to understand something of the hopes and fears, the joys and sorrows of those who lived centuries ago.

These records speak highly for the virtue and social purity of the people as compared with other ancient nations.

The details of common life are delineated, as well as the more imposing pageants of royalty.

But by far the more elaborate sculptures are devoted to recounting the great deeds of the kings.

One would think from reading the sculptures that the Pharaohs were the only great men of

Egypt.

The probability is that all the praise for great deeds was ascribed to the king—

certainly, all errors of his reign were laid to the charge of others.

To the student of history it is interesting to trace the evolution of the growing reverence and awe for the king.

The beginning of the power of the ruler was as the head of a family, and, as the family increased, the patriarch of a tribe and of a collection of villages or cities, ruling in person or by deputy, with in creasing power and authority until the station of king was obtained. Such were the conditions in Ancient Egypt, and monarchy once established soon became a despotism, in which the king was the center of power, possessing the gift of all political preferments.

The custom, so prevalent among oriental nations, of kneeling before the sovereign, in Egypt had a deeper signification than mere homage, it was an act of worship.

The Pharaoh was believed to be of divine origin, a descendant of the gods, and must be worshiped with them as a god.

But, even to this exalted station there were serious drawbacks.

The king was the slave of custom, and every ->ct of his life was in accordance with rigid and exact rules.

His food must be only of the prescribed kind, and to deviate from these rules meant polution and consequent humbling of himself before the offended gcds.

His household must consist only of persons of distinction, common menials must never come into his angust presence.

Educated priests and noblemen were his constant attendants, and their conversation was always a servile flattery of the wisdom and greatness of the king.

His court was composed of the most illustrious princes and noblemen of the land.

Besides these the records speak of no great families in Egypt, and of none who gained great prominence either in the capacity of generals and leaders of armies, or in the walks of private lite, as artists, poets, etc.

The laws of Egypt were, in the main, just and equitable and were as a rule impartially executed.

At the head of the judicial power was a supreme court composed of thirty or forty-two judges, among whom one was selected as the head judge.

Before this tribunal of learned judges were all the more important matters pertaining to the state brought, and the decisions were scrupulously exact and in accordance with the written law.

The most favored class of the ancient Egyptian society were the priests. Among these were several different ranks, and

ANCIENT HISTORY.

there was nothing to prevent priests advancing from one rank to another by worthiness.

Every temple had its high priest, its prophet who was overseer of the temple, its scribe to take occount of the property of the temple, its astronomer who noted and recorded the phenomena of the heavens, and many other priests of rank besides numerous servants of the temple, embalmers and attendants to care for the holy animals.

One third of the land belonged to the priests and from this, the rich offerings made to the temples and special taxes, they derived a princely revenue enabling them to carry out in minutest detail the elaborate and costly ceremonies of the temples.

In the temples were also schools and colleges for advanced study whose teachers were famous for their learning throughout all the eastern nations.

Here were preserved maps of the heavens, in which the stars were named and their relations to each other noted, fruits doubtless of Abraham's teachings, for he it was who first instructed them scientifically on the subject of astronomy, as we learn from the writings of Abraham in the Pearl of Great Price.

After the priests the Military Caste were the most highly favored of Egyptian society.

The family of each warrior had an allotment of twelve acres of land, free from rents and taxes which were exacted of the common people.

Besides, the soldiers were fed, armed and equipped at the government expense.

Egypt at all times maintained a mighty standing army, and in the zenith of her glory could at very short notice place in the field a well trained and fully equipped force of five hundred thousand men.

The common people were divided into three classes, husbandmen, artizans and shepherds of whom the latter were considered the lowest.

A man born in one class might advance to the one next higher, but the tendency was to follow in the footsteps of their fathers, until the divisions of caste were very strongly marked.

The habitations of even the meanest class of Egyptian society were <quite comfortable, and there is nothing to show that the people were less contented and happy than many peoples ol modern great nations.

The sculptures represent many phases of every day life, showing different games and amusements of various kinds in which high and low indulged.

The children were not forgotten, but were supplied with numerous toys among which maybe named the universally coveted doll.

Music was a source of great delight, especially among the higher classes, and there were a great many varieties of musical instruments.

The greatest drawback to comfort and independence was the fact that the people were merely tenants, the land belonged to

Pharaoh, and he could also command the labor of his subjects, which he did not fail to do for the erection of palaces, temples and monuments to the glory ot his name.

Severe task masters were placed over them who did not scruple pn occasions to drive them to their tasks with the whip.

In this way were the Israelites oppressed when they had become numerous in the land of Goshen, until God heard their cries and sent a deliverer in Moses who led them out ot bondage.

The forefathers of the Egyptian people, when they migrated to the valley of the

Nile, took with them the knowledge of the true and living God.

But as early as the time of Abraham they had fallen into idolatry and the worship of many mythical beings.

He informs us that it was customary to offer up human beings to propitiate the gods for the refusal to worship at their altars, and that he himself was only saved from being sacrificed to the god of Pharaoh by the interposition of Divine Providence.

The worship of the god of Pharaoh was then quite common, for the altar upon which Abraham was to be offered was in the land of

Chaldea.

The oldest monuments of Egypt reveal the worship of many gods, the highest of whom was Ptah, who was considered the spirit of life, of light and of truth, the self-existent father of the gods.

After him was Ra who in some parts of Egypt was worshiped as the chief god.

His worship was more universal than any

ANCIENT HISTORY.

others of the gods, and was often blended with theirs, giving rise to the systems of Amun Ra, Num-Ra, etc.

In some parts of Egypt other gods were the principal ones taking the place of Ptah and Ra.

The worship of Osiris and Isis was observed throughout the land. The popular tradition was that Osiris was killed by his brother Set, and mourned for by his consort Isis.

In time she gave birth to Horus who revenged the death of his father and ruled as the god of light. On some monuments he is represented as the child god, again as a youth and then as an old man.

He represented the light of the sun and the popular tradition was that as a child he represented the sun in the morning, as an old man at night.

When the sun set he traveled through the regions of darkness under the earth, dispersing and scattering the powers of darkness, to come forth again young and fresh.

Besides the principal gods there were many inferior ones.

The system of worship was closely allied with natural philosophy;

the gods represented the forces of nature.

For example, the Nile was worshiped under the name of Hapi, and sacrifices were offered to it.

When we consider that Egypt owed its very existence to the overflow of the Nile, and that unless there was an inundation drought and famine were sure to follow, it will not seem so wonderful.

The overflow was without perceptible cause.

Clouds were never seen in upper Egypt, and rain and snow were unknown.

The sources of the river were unknown and unexplored, for the cataracts formed an impassable barrier to voyages of discovery further than about seven hundred miles; therefore, to the uninformed natural mind, the rise of the Nile was a mystery, and to the Egyptian mind due to the agency of the gods.

In tin tombs of Egypt there are many mumified remains of animals found with those of men.

This apparently strange custom of embalming animals finds ready solution in the fact that certain animals were sacred to the various gods, the bull Apis to Ptah, the ram to Amu, the cat to Ra, etc. Among these animals were some which were preeminently sacred, and the priests were able to pick them out by certain marks and characteristics which attested their superiority to the common herd.

When found, these animals were taken into the temples and tended in the most careful manner.

They were considered the incarnation of the deity, they represented, and were addressed in prayer and supplication, as though they were the gods themselves.

And it is quite certain that, to the common people, the difference was not clearly defined, and that they worshiped the animal itself.

This has given rise to the assertion that the ancient Egyptians worshiped animals.

With all allowance for ignorance of the true God that characterized the people from priest to laymen, it is hard to conceive how a people with any degree of intelligence could countenance the elaborate mockery of worship these animals received.

When the sacred bull was found, he was bathed and anointed, dressed in the costliest of raiment, and fed on the best of food.

His quarters in the temple were the best, and distinguished priests attended upon him constantly.

Precious frankincense burned ever before him.

When he died the whole people mourned, and he was accorded the most costly of burials.

The divine spirit descended upon another and the priests were not long in finding him.

If at the end of twenty-five years, Apis did not die, he was drowned in a sacred fountain in the temple, for it was not considered good policy by the priests to too long delay the imposing ceremony of the installation of a new Apis.

The religion of Egypt, however, did not consist wholly of such myths and ceremonies as these, there was behind them many grand conceptions of truth.

They seem never to have lost the belief in the immortality of the soul; and they had a well-defined idea of the judgment after death, where the just and righteous were rewarded with eternal life.

The tradition was that the soul after death passed with the setting sun into the gloom and darkness of the nether world, to the halls of judgment, where Osiris presided over the tribunal of the gods.

The heart was

J2b SUNLIGHT AND STARLIGHT.

placed in the balance with an ostrich feather, symbol of truth and light, and if it outweighed the plume,it was given-back, and the libation of life was poured out upon the approved one, and he was ushered into the halls of the immortals.

If the feather outweighed the heart it is popularly believed, though the records are silent on the question, that the spirit is doomed to pass through a series of transmigrations in lower animals, until it again comes in the human form after a lapse of thousands of years.

Egyptian art was closely allied with religion.

From the first crude attempts to carve the symbols of the gods in rock, were evolved the grand statues and temples of the gods that have survived the ravages of forty centuries, and remained the wonder and admiration of all succeeding ages.

In statuary the ancient Egyptians have never been excelled.

Their masterpieces are not so much renowned for ideal beauty and symmetry of form, as for massive grandeur and truthfulness of expression and proportion.

Most of the public buildings and the temples were built of stone, and in a style rarely excelled in ancient or modern times.

The building rocks were granite, syenite and sandstone, and so great was the skill they acquired in carving, that even granite, considered so difficult to carve with even modern tools, was carved and engraved with apparent ease.

The mystery which has even shrouded this question remains yet without satisfactory solution.

The only tools that have been found in the quarries and stone yards are of bronze, and though battered as though from long use, they will not stand one stroke upon the rocks which they evidently were used to carve.

Among the monuments of Egypt the obelisks deserve special mention.

They were intended for memorial stones to record some special event.

They are four square and tapering, and are covered with writings.

They vary in size from eight feet to one hundred feet in height.

They usually stood in pairs before the temples or palaces, and often before the homes of the common people, where they recorded the history of the family.

The most noted of these have been carried away to adorn the parks of various cities of the modern world.

One is in Paris, one in London and one in New York, and the carvings and hieroglyphics are as clearly outlined as when they were turned by the ancient sculptors of Egypt.

Painting was also closely allied with sculpture, the carvings were painted in bright colors, and on the walls of some of the ruins are paintings representing the glory of the Pharaohs and the religious beliefs and ceremonies of the nation.

These, are more remarkable for having survived the ravages of time than for any great excellence they possess artistically considered.

The homes of the common people were built of sun dried bricks laid in bitumen, with the pillars and supports of wood; these were usually two story, with an open gallery above. The roofs of all the buildings were fiat and were lighted from above.

The homes of even the poorer classes were comfortable and were quite well furnished, those of the rich were richly and elaborately furnished, though with what we would consider very quaint styles of household goods.

Mala U'aina.

SUNLIGHT AND STARLIGHT.

God sets some souls in shade, alone;

They have no daylight of their own;

Only in lives of happier ones They see the shine of distant suns.

God knows.

Content thee with thy night;

Thy greater heaven hath grander light,

Today is close;

the hours are small;

Thou sitt'st afar, and hast them all.

Lose the less joy that does but blind;

Reach forth a larger bliss to find.

Today is brief the inclusive spheres Rain raptures of a thousand years.

A. D.

T.

Whitney.

A HERO.

Nobody ever dreamed there was the making of a hero in poor Sim Reeves.

Poor Sim, indeed; poor since the time when old Blackfoot, his father's favorite horse, kicked him in the head.

Deprived partially of his reason, Sim, after along and dangerous illness, became a quiet, inoffensive dreamer.

His glorious eyes seemed to have suffered little change.

Their lustre was unabated, but a sad soul never looked out from sadder orbs.

He grew fast—faster than children of his age, and was fond of those who loved him.

It was pathetic to see him in his accustomed seat in the schoolroom, doing what others were doing apparently, absorbed in his book, and yet really not knowing one word from another.

The imitative faculty was very strong in him. He could be governed by a gentle word, a smile would lead him everywhere, but harshness roused his temper to a degree that was frightful to see.

In the class near which he sat was a pretty little child, Lulu Baker, the only daughter of an influential citizen, a blooming, beautiful child of seven or eight summers.

This little creature had never shown any fear of Sim, never teased or tormented him, shared her sweetmeats with the poor fellow, and always accosted him with a smile and a pleasant word.

In return for this, Sim watched over her like a guardian angel. Sometimes he carried her home in the rain.

Woe to any boy or girl who threatened harm to her!

The child's influence was extended to others. Because it seemed to distress her, many a rude boy forebore to make Sim the butt of a practical joke, and others were kinder on her account.

The judge sometimes set for Sim to come over and hear the music, for oppo site his house were the Marine Barracks, and the band played at stated intervals.

The boy, now fourteen and very tall and lank and apparently feeble, enjoyed these visits with a nervous delight that was almost painful to witness; sometimes singing to the accompaniment of the band with all the accuracy of a professed musician.

One day the judge had been out riding with his family, and as he was lifting the youngest child, the horse took fright and dashed down ihe street with little Lulu.

The last her father saw of her, the child stood up in the carriage, her little hands lifted imploringly.

The horse dashed furiously on, when suddenly there was a cessation of speed, and the boy Sim was seen hanging to the mouth of the frantic animal, swaying this way and that, but still holding on to the bridle, and so confusing the horse and impeding his motions that the animal was at last secured by others, and Lulu saved.

Then the poor boy dropped and was carried to his home senseless.

Not long after that people said to each other:

"Have you heard of what Sim Reeves did?"and his name was in everybody's mouth.

He was no longer called poor Sim, but terms of admiration and honor were applied to him;

his name was in the papers far and near, how wonderfully he had saved a little child from the certainty of sudden destruction.

Judge Baker was considered a cold, harsh, money-making man, with but one soft spot in his heart, and that was the love of little Lulu, who was his idol, because she was both good and beautiful.

He always spent his Sundays in the woods or on the river, and had very little faith in humanity, and none at all in God.

When he came to see Sim, after this, the poor lad was in an arm-chair, quite palsied from his waist downward, but, strange to say, his mind had become clearer.

His glorious eyes were bright with the light of intelligence, and when the old gray-headed judge broke down beside him, and could not speak the thanks he would, for tears, poor Sim was his consoler.

He, too, became his teacher for through his mother Sim had been taught to love God. The dormant mind accepted sacred truths with the trustfulness of a child.

The gentleness and goodness of

Christ, as pictured to him in the incidents

LEAVES LROM HEATHEN MYTHOLOGY.

of His life had won his heart and filled his mind. In his slow, hesitating way, his large, sad eyes glowing with earnestness, he would repeat them to the judge, who, in his gratitude, listened, until by an unseen, beneficent hand his heart too was touched.

Sim only lived a year after that.

He sank away, gradually, though his mind grew brighter to the end.

Lulu was often with him; was with him when he shut his eyes one day in the porch, in the old armchair, as he said, with a smile:

"I am very sleepy."And so he died.

But his life was not without its triumph, short, sad and beautiful as it had been.

Judge Baker said, standing by the coffin of the lad:—"I call you all, my neighbors, to witness, that from this day I btlieve in the living God, and this poor boy has been my teacher."C.

>.

LEAVES FROM HEATHEN MYTHOLOGY.

The generality of the Pagan philosophers supposed Jupiter to be the greatest of the gods, to be the purest air—the ether; and Juno, his wife, the grosser air which surrounds the earth.

Those who looked upon him as an animated god, as one of those men whose illustrious actions had procured him divine honors, contradicted themselves most egregiously sometimes describing him as absolute sovereign of gods and men; as the principle of all justice, and not infrequently as the weakest and most criminal of mortals.

He was supposed to be the master of the air, the clouds, the thunder and lightning; the god of foresight;

the patron of strangers; the guardian of the rights of hospitality;

the peculiar judge and protector of sovereigns and magistrates.

Among different nations there were different Jupiters, and this circumstance renders his history the more obscure.

The first of them is the Jupiter Ammon of the Libyans, who, there is reason to believe was Ham, one of the sons of Noah.

His temple, the ruins of which are still to be seen, was in an oasis, or island of verdure, in the desert, west of Egypt.

Another Jupiter was the Jupiter

Serapis, worshiped in Egypt.

Jupiter Belus, mentioned by Herodotus, was the

Jupiter of the Assyrians.

In short, almost every nation had its own Jupiter.

The Ethiopians called him Assabinus the Gauls, Teranus; the inhabitants of the lower Nile, Apis.

The Romans considered him as the peculiar guardian god ot their empire.

They styled him Jupiter Capitolinus, from his chief temple on the •Capitoline hill; Jupiter Torans or Thunderer; Jupiter Fulminaus or Fulgurator, scatterer of the lightning, hurler of the thunderbolts.

As we have seen in the last paper, Jupiter having been saved from the devouring fury of his father, Saturn, by the address of Rhea, his mother, and nourished by the milk of a goat, Amalthea delivered his brothers and sisters from prison, made war upon Saturn, and being furnished with thunderbolts by the Cyclops, about whom more anon, and aided by Neptune and Pluto, vanquished and precipitated him into the lowest depths of Tartarus.

We see here an evidently corrupted tradition of a memorable fight that occurred in the courts of heaven.

Jupiter then divided the empire of the universe into three parts, retaining heaven for himself, entrusting to Neptune the sea, and allotting to Pluto the infernal regions.

This is evidently a confused tradition of the repeopling ot the world after the deluge, as related in the book of Genesis.

Noah divided the earth among his three sons Shem, Ham and Japhet.

Ham went into Africa; and there is great probability that he is the person afterwards known as Jupiter Ammon.

Japhet had for his share the maritime parts of Asia, with the Archipelago and Europe which caused him to be accounted the god of the sea or Neptune.

Shem had the rest of Asia, where the

LEAVES EROM HEATHEN MYTHOLOGY.

worship of fire became almost general and this occasioning the conflagration of many cities, procured for him the name of god of the inlernal or fiery regions.

Jupiter, we are told, having such a mighty empire remaining, found it neces sary to appoint governors to assist him Of these, Atlas, who was set over the frontiers of Africa, became so famous there that he gave name to the chain of mountains extending to the sea which name they still bear, and the ocean which washes them is called the Atlantic Ocean.

The name Jupiter signifies Jou or young because he was the youngest son of Saturn and Pater father, because of the greatness of his children.

Whence is formed Joupater or Jupiter.

The worship offered to this divinity <vas the most solemn of any paid to the heathen dei ies; and among different nations, greatly diversified.

The victims most commonly offered to

Jupiter were a goat, a sheep, or a white bull, with gilded horns; and not infrequently only flour, salt, or incense.

The oak and the olive were consecrated to him.

He had three oracles much celebrated; that of Dodona, that of Trophonius, and that of Ammon in Lybia.

In their extreme blindness, the heath ens, though ascribing to him poAer, wisdom and justice, yet intermingled in his character many shameful vices and weaknesses of mortality.

In his history he would have been a very illustrious prince if he had not been excessively addicted to pleasure and indulgent to his vicious passions.

Jupiter was generally represented seated on a throne, under the figure of a majestic man, with a venerable beard.

In his right hand, holding the thunder;

in his left, a sceptre made of cypress wood, expressive of durability, and the image of victory, treading the Titans under his feet, and having an eagle near him with extended wings.

The upper part of his body was naked, the lower part clothed.

The throne denoted the stability of his empire; the upper part of his body being uncovered, signified that he was visible to superior beings of the celestial regions, while the long garments robing the lower part, expressed his invisibility to mortals.

The sceptre was emblematical of his irresistible power;

and the eagle, with outstretched wings, of his sovereignty over the heavens. Homer describes him as having black eyes and curling hair;

his head surrounded with clouds, and shaking the heavens with his nod;

the eagle placed at his feet;

the winged thunderbolt in his hand.

By his side are representations of respect and equity; before him are two arms of good and evil, which he distributes at pleasure to mankind.

His thunderbolt was composed of hail, rain, fire and wind, intermixed with lightning, terror, noise and wrath.

"He whose all conscious eyes the world behold,

Th'eternal Thunderer, sits enthroned in gold.

High heaven the footstool of his feet he makes,

And, wide beneath him, all Olympus shakes.

He speaks, and awful bends his sable brow,

Shakes his ambrosial curls and gives the nod

The stamp of fate and sanction of the God

High heav'n, with trembling, the dread signal takes, And all Olympus to the center shakes."{Pope's Homer's Iliad.) Juno was the daughter of Saturn—the sister and wife of Jupiter.

She was called by the Greeks Hera, or mistress; also Megale, signifying the great.

The Romans gave her the name of Juno Matrono or the matron Juno Regina, or the queen; Juno Monete, the admonisher.

Several cities disputed the honor ot having given birth to this goddess;

principally Samos and Argos, where she was more particularly worshiped.

She had three children, Hebe, Mars and Vulcan.

She was reputed to be haughty and jealous, an impersonation of Shakespeare's Shrew frequently quarreling with her husband, Jupiter, and perfectly implacable in her anger.

She was generally represented as a majestic woman, seated upon a throne, holding, in one hand a sceptre, and in the other a spindle;

wearing a raoiant crown, and sometimes having her head encircled with a rainbow.

Near her was generally placed her favorite bird, the peacock.

In a temple erected to her at Argos, there was a great statue of gold and ivory, of prodigious size

LEAVES FROM HEATHEN MYTHOLOGY.

above which were placed the Hours and

Graces.

It was supposed that this ""goddess presided over empires and riches, and her worship was very solemn and universal in the heathen world.

Young geese and the hawk, as well as the peacock were esteemed sacred to her.

Of plants, the dittany and poppy were offered to her and in her sacrifices a ewe lamb was the ordinary victim.

She was regarded as the protectress of married women and invoked by them under the name ot Juno Lucina.

Hebe was represented as the blooming goddess of youth and was cup bearer to

Jupiter, until by an unfortunate fall she displeased him and was deprived of that honor.

Mars the second child of Jupiter and Juno was depicted as the fierce and inexorable god of war and carnage.

He was represented as a formidable armed warrior breathing forth death and destruction.

He rides in a chariot drawn by horses which are driven by a distracted woman.

Discord flies before them in tattered garments.

Clamor and Anger, Fear and Terror attend his progress.

The dog for his vigilance in pursuit of prey—the wolf, for his fierceness—the raven because he follows embattled armies to feast upon the slain—the rooster for his wakefulness, whereby he prevents surprise, are all consecrated to the furious god of battle.

Various titles are given to the warlike god: Mars or Ares or injury, calamity;

from which name, the hill at Athens, which was the assembling place of that court of judicature so renowned for its justice, was called Areopagus; Gradivus in peace;

Quirinus in war;

Sylvester, when invoked to protect cultivated lands from the ravages of war; and Corythaix or Shaker of the Helmet.

He had several temples at Rome and among the Greeks and other warlike nations.

His priests at Rome, were called Sahi and had the care of the Ancilia or sacred shields.

The origin of these Ancilia was generally attributed to the finding of a shield of a form until then unknown and which was supposed to have fallen from heaven.

The oracle was consulted and was said to have declared that the empire of the world was destined for that city which should preserve this shield.

The third child of Jupiter and Juno was Vulcan.

It appears that there were three gods of the name of Vulcan.

The.

first was Tubalcain, mentioned by Moses as the inventor of forging metals.

The second was one of the Egyptian kings, or rather their first divinity.

The third, the Grecian Vulcan, was a Titan prince, son of Jupiter and Juno, and obliged by reason of disgrace to take refuge in the Isle of Lemnus, where he established the art of working iron and brass.

On account of having made the formidable thunderbolt which Jupiter hurled at the giants attempting to scale the celestial region, Venus was bestowed upon him as a wife.

Afterwards, on account of certain misbehavior, Jupiter, with one kick of his god like foot precipitated him with much force from heaven.

He fell upon the island of Lemnos and was crippled by his fall.

In the caves of that island and in the immense subterranean depths of Mount Etna, he was supposed to ioIIow his profession, assisted by the Cyclops who were supposed to be giants with only one eye and that situated in the middle of their foreheads.

He was represented as the god of fire; the inventor of the art of manufacturing arms and other utensils from metals.

The famous palace of the sun;

the armor of Achilles and Eneas;

the beautiful crown of Ariadne; an animated brazen dog, and a woman of the same metal endowed with life, are all said to be works of his art.

Besides Vulcan, he was called Lemnius

Mulciber and Tardipes.

Athens and Rome held great festivals in his honor.

Upon Mount Etna a temple was dedicated to him, which was guarded by dogs, whose sense of smell was said to be so keen, as to enable them to discern whether those who came thither were virtuous or vicious, and who fawned upon or drove them away accordingly.

The Romans in their most solemn treaties, invoked

Vulcan the avenger;

and the assemblies in which they discussed the most important affairs were held in the

MUSINGS.

tempile of Vulcan.

At Memphis, in Then from his anvilthe lame artist rose;

Egypt, a most magnificent edifice was Wide with distorted legs oblique he goes.

raised in honor of this god, before which

And stills the bellows, and (in order laid) stood a colossal statue seventy feet high.

Locks in their chests his instruments of trade.

Then with a sponge the sooty workman drest •'Meanwhile the silver-footed dame

His brawny arms imbrown'd, and hairy breast,

Reach'd the Vulcanian dome, eternal frame!

With his huge scep're grac'd, and red attire,

High eminent among the works divine,

Came halting forth, the sov'reign of the fire:

Where heav'nls far-beaming brazen mansions The monarch's steps two female forms uphold, shone.

That mov'd and breath'd, in animated gold;

There, the lame architect, the goddess found,

To whom were voice.andsense.and science giv'n,

Obscure in smoke, his forges flaming round,

Of works divine (such wonders are in heav'n!)''

While bathed in sweat from fire to fire he flew;

(Pope's Homer's Iliad.) And puffing loud, the roaring be.lows blew.

Geo. F. Phillips.

MUSINGS.

Life is a mountain steep, whose base is gay

With flow'rs and moss-banks, where the children play;

Youth strides impatient up its verdant slope

And longs for wings to reach its sunny top.

But soon we find the steeps that look so well

Are lined with crags, where wolves and vultures dwell,

And that the pleasant trails we thought to meet

Are beds of thorns to gall our blistered feet;

With here and there a yawning chasm nigh,

At whose grim depths some mangled pilgrims lie,

Who, giddy grown, with pride had stumbled o'er,

While half their journey yet remained before.

And when we find the further up we go

The frowning cliffs but steeper, rougher grow,

We backward look with sorrow, grief and pain,

And long to tread the mossy banks again.

We now begin to ask for help from God,

To brace us up beneath our heavy load;

We know youth's golden hour can ne'er return,

And worse than vain it were our lot to mourn;

So on we climb, midst sunshine, shower and blast.

And reach the summit, tired and worn, at last.

We gaze around us now, and gather breath;

We see below the vales of life and death;

On one side stretches youth and manhood's day,

And on the other, age and man's decay.

But here we cannot stop, the shady side Is ours to travel, so we downwards glide.

And O, how timely now, how good and sweet,

Is Friendship's staff to stay our tott'ring feet;

And Mercy's mantle—cosy, snug and warm

To keep our shoulders from the wind and storm;

And Love's warm hand to smooth our tresses gray,

And cast a sunbeam on our lonely way.

How blest are they whose journey first is spent To yield their second hope and sweet content;

Who down life's slope resigned and cheerful go,

To rest in peace within the vale below.

With earthly record written, clean and pure,

And bliss beyond forever made secure.

/.

C.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR l'Ulil.ISHKI) l!Y The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, January, 1893.

THE CHOLERA PROSPECT.

It seems very probable that Europe will be re- visited during the present year with the scourge of Asiatic cholera.

Medical experts seem to agree in the opinion that the germs of this dread disease are only lying dormant awaiting the return of warm weather to again spread their devastating influence among the people.

However effective the measures adopted to overcome the terrible sickness during the past season where it was raging, it is believed that they were not sufficiently thorough to prevent its revival another year.

This theory finds support in the sporadic cases which are brought to the notice of the officials in various parts of Europe, even during this unfavorable winter season.

Should the disease make its appearance early in the coming spring, even though it may not be more violent than that which characterized it in.1892, it is more than likely that it will find its way into the United States and spread over a far greater area of country than heretofore.

If the germs are not already here through the importation of goods for the use of the people or for exhibition at the World's

Fair in Chicago, it would be difficult to prevent their finding entrance if our plans are but in slight measure carried out during the present year.

We expect that the United States will be visited by millions of people from abroad, and though strict measures may be adopted to prevent the transmission of this scourge, yet we could scarcely find sufficiently stringent regulations to prevent its ingress in our midst.

In view of the probable renewal of this disease in Europe, prospects for the success of the World's Fair are not as brilliant as we could hope.

How far the disease will spread, if it once finds place in our land, it is difficult to tell.

Some people, and among these are men of experience and ability, affirm that mountainous countries are uncongenial to the development of cholera germs.

People who are living in this and adjoining states and territories are therefore confidently assured that they need have no fear of this disease reaching them.

Perhaps not;

it may be that our climate is too dry and rarefied to sustain these germs.

We hope such is the case, but it is well for the people, even in this favored country, to prepare themselves against disease.

Though cholera may not reach us, there will be other afflictions, "even devastating scourges"which shall sweep the earth, as God has said they would do in *he latter days, and only those who stand in holy places and are prepared to resist disease may be sure of escaping these judgments.

In view of the things which we may anticipate in these latter days, how neces sary it is that Latter day Saints should adhere strictly to the commands which God has given them concerning the care of their bodies!

How simple and easy to be understood is the Word of Wisdom, and yet how persistently is it violated by the Latter-day Saints!

Those who have put to the test the promises therein contained have realized how abundantly God has fulfilled His promises to those who have put their trust in Him.

True, in our feeble condition as mortals it is impossible for us to practice even that seemingly simple command of God in perfection.

It means more than abstaining from the use of tea, coffee, intoxicating drinks, tobacco and the eating of too much meat.

It has a greater depth than this, yet we can approach its fulfillment by refraining from the use of these simple things which we know He has advised us to avoid.

No one could attain to its greatest blessings nor fulfill all its requirements without first strictly adhtring to those commands concerning our ordinary habits of eating and drinking.

And while men and women may think lightly of these trifling matters, as they sometimes call them, and continue to use them with so-called temperance, they are

EDITORIAL

thereby making themselves liable to the attacks of diseases and afflictions of various kinds.

There may be some excuse for aged people who have been accustomed to the use of these things all their lives, but to the young men and women of this people who have been taught to avoid them, the excuse will not apply;

therefore if they indulge their appetites and inclinations) they will receive the greater condemnation therefor.

Men and women cannot be perfectly healthy who use tobacco in any form, who drink intoxicants, pariake freely of tea and coffee, and eat too much meat, any more than they can be perfectly sound when they violate any of the laws of health which are commonly known and accepted among us It requires but the comparison of two individuals to convince one of the truth of this statement.

Take two men of equal external appearance and let them work side by side for a period of time, be exposed in various ways to disease, to cold or fatigue or any of these things, and it will soon be seen that the man who has allowed himself full license in the matter of eating and drinking those for bidden things will not be able to endure as much as the one who has not allowed his appetite to control him.

God does not speak in vain to his children; He does not give them laws which it is their privilege to disobey without incurring the penalty, and, though the fulfillment of His promises has per haps not been so marked in the past as 10 attract the attention of the Latter-day

Saints, not to speak of the outside world, it will be seen in the future, in the midst of disasters and sickness, that He will thoroughly fulfill His promises and that "the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of Israel, and not slay them."TITHING.

Some time ago a statement was made, on good authority, that not more than threefourths of the Latter-day Saints whose names are upon the records as being in good standing in the Church aretithepayers.

In a detailed statement of receipts and disbursements from the tithing fund which was presented by the Presiding Bishop nearly two years since, it was reported that there were between six and ten thousand individuals whose names did not appear upon the records as having donated anything to assist in the work of

God.

These are astonishing statements.

Is it possible that our people do not understand, after all these years, their duty with respect to this law? Have they failed to appreciate the promises of God connected therewith?

It seems that there is something lacking when so many Latterday Saints disregard so plain a command as that which is given us in the revelation on tithing.

We cannot believe that such persons have much faith in the Gospel or in the ultimate triumph of Zion when they fail in their duty in thi? respect.

It is a requirement of God that a tenth of our increase annually shall be paid into

His storehouse, and no excuse is sufficient reason for our failure to do so. The argument that it has been seized by the government, that it has been misappropriated in any way, or has not been managed with proper wisdom does not release any

Latter day Saint from his obligation to the Lord.

It matters not what becomes of the funds, so far as we are concerned we should pay tithing for the blessings it will bring us individually, and because God commands it.

Those who have the manipulation of these funds will be held accountable for the use to which they put the same, and even though we know that the means which we thus contribute will be seized by the government or be misapplied by any of the agents of the Church, we should be faithful in the discharge of our duty.

Those who have never paid tithing little realize the great blessing which flows from the observance of this law.

The Lord makes it comparatively easy for such men and women to get along with their affairs.

The means they receive and faithfully tithe go much farther and accomplish much more than an equal amount received and used by a member of the Church who is negligent in this regard.

This is often exemplified in the lives of men and women all around us.

CHLR CII EMICRA TION.

The faithful tithepayer prospers financially and is more greatly blessed than his negligent neighbor.

Distresses^ is true, may come to him, but the Lord is near to show him the way of escape from these troubles, and He will turn and overturn everything for the good of the faithful.

Not only in financial matters, however, does the blessing of the Lord follow those who faithfully pay tithes and offerings; but in their family affairs more love seems to prevail, superior faith is exhibited, greater love for the Lord is manifested, and it is a noticeable fact that faithful tithe payers do not lose their faith in God. Some of them have transgressed the laws of the Lord and have lost their standing in the Church thereby, but they still retain their faith, and in the mercy and providence of God they will some day receive the reward for the faith they have exhibited and the good works they have performed.

We believe that parents who pay a faithful tithing will have greater influence over their children and greater power with God in asking Him to bless their offspring. We believe that very many unexpected blessings will flow from a faithful payment of tithes.

As to how much a man shall pay, there exists some difference of opinion, but summing it all up it becomes a matter which must be left to^ some extent, at least, between the conscience of a man and his God.

It is certain, however, that the Lord will measure unto man according to the measure which he uses in giving unto Him.

If a man is niggardly and stingy, anxious to pay as little as possible for the work of God upon the earth, is it not reasonable to suppose that the Lord will reward him accordingly?

Whereas if a man is ready at all times to give even more than the Lord requires, he may expect that the Lord will deal by him with equal if not surpassing liberality.

We urge our brethren and sisters to try the effect of the regular and full payment of tithes and offerings, and see if God will not fulfill His promise to those who keep

His commandments. We are sure that such persons will find great benefits continually flowing unto them as results of their obedience to this command.

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

THE BELATED EMIGRATION OF 1856.

The experience of the two hand cart companies led by Captains Willie and Martin and the two wagon companies in charge of Captains Blodgett and Hunt, which crossed the plains with emigrating

Saints in 1856, will always form a strange and isolated chapter in the history of Church emigration. The sufferings of the many who fell by the wayside.as well as of the survivors, who with frosted limbs and exhausted constitutions were rescued by friends, (who willingly risked their own lives to save those of their fellow-men) have no parallel in the experience of the

Latter-day Saints, save perhaps in the exposures of the exiles who were driven from Nauvoo, Illinois, ten years previous.

But while the sufferings of 1846 were caused by the cruel and murderous acts of a wicked mob, the hardships endured by the belated emigrants of 1856 may properly be attributed to the acts of kindness on the part of certain Elders, who responded to an over anxiety manifested by a number of the

Saints to reach the gathering places in the mountains, without having to spend the winter in the very district ot country which ten years before had denied their co religionists shelter and protection.

Looking back upon these scenes of 1856, after the lapse of thirty seven years, and weighing the matter calmly in well balanced minds, the general verdict is that no one is specially to blame.

Had the winter of 1856-57 been an ordinary one, and had the heavy snowfall in the mountains not commenced at least a month earlier than usual, the disasters which befell the four ill-fated companies would never have taken place.

As it was. hundreds who had left the shores of Europe the previous spring, thankful to a kind Providence that their deliverance from Babylon had come at last, were not des-

CHURCH EMIGRATJON.

•35 tined to place their feet upon the land in which their fond hopes and anticipations were centered.

But as they lost their lives while endeavoring to yield obedience to the Divine command, "Come out of her, ye my people,"their future reward is sure.

Who shall deny them a martyr's crown? Though their graves are unknown and though their friends, (who performed the last kind offices for them while they themselves were lingering at death's door) were not able to penetrate the frosted ground sufficiently deep to deposit the remains'where they would be secure against the attack of the hungry wolves and other beasts of the mountains, yet these martyrs who fell by the wayside could say as consistently as could the illustrious Job of old, "Though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God."Clothed with new and immortal bodies these faithful pilgrims will, like Job, arise in the morning of the first resurrection to behold their Redeemer and to be numbered among the just and true of other dispensations who also lost their lives for Christ's sake and they will receive the reward of eternal lives which the Son of God promised all such.

With these introductory remarks

I will now proceed to give some of the details pertaining to the travels of the companies named, though a full history of their sufferings will perhaps never be given by any mortal.

Captain Willie's Hand Cart Company.—The following detailed account of

CaptainWillie's emigrant company known as the fourth hand cart company of the season, is from the pen of Elder John Jaques:

"The fourth company was led by James G.

Willie, assisted by Millen Atwood.

Most of the emigrants composing this company had sailed from Liverpool on Sunday, May 4th, 1856, on board the ship

Thornton, Captain Collins, and arrived at New York on the fourteenth of June.

On the seventeenth the emigrants continued the journey from New York, arriving at Dunkirk on the nineteenth, when they embarked on the

Jersey City for Toledo, where they arrived on the twenty-first, and the next day they were at Chicago.

At Toledo the emigrants were unkindly treated by the railroad employes and put to much inconvenience.

On the twenty-third the company left Chicago in two detachments, several hours apart.

The emigrants left Pond Creek on the twenty-sixth and arrived at Iowa

City the same day, where they were welcomed by Daniel Spencer and others.

The fourth hand cart company left the camp near Iowa City on July 15th, with James G.

Willie, captain, and consisted of about five hundred souls, five mules, twelve yoke of cattle, one hundred and twenty hand carts twentyfive tents and five wagons.

Each passenger was allowed seventeen pounds of baggage, including bedding. During their stay in camp the men had employed themselves in making hand carts and ox yokes, and the women in making tents. At Fort

Des Moines, Mr. Chas. Good kindly presented the company with fifteen pairs of children's boots.

At different places on the route through Iowa considerable opposition was manifested by the residents toward the company, and threats of personal violence were made. The company was also annoyed by a posse with search warrants based on frivolous pretences.

On the way from Iowa City to Florence several persons left the company.

The hand carts were not very good ones, and some of the axles were almost worn through before arriving at Florence, which was on August nth.

Having repaired the hand carts and completed other preparations, the company, now about four hundred and twenty-five souls, left Florence on the sixteenth with four 'independent'wagons added to it, and rendezvoused on the Little Pappillion, leaving that place for the west on the eighteenth.

"On the twenty-eighth, William Hailey, an elderly man, was missed from the company, and was not found until the next morning.

He had been out all night, exposed to drenching rain, but he soon recovered. On the twenty-ninth, the company came up with a large camp of Omaha Indians, who were very friendly.

They sold some buffalo meat to the emigrants, invited the officers of the company to visit their camp, and hospitably

( III h'( 7/ EMfGRA T10N.

entertained them.

On coming to the place where A.

W.

Babbitt's wagon train men were killed by the Indians, the company covered up the graves.

On the morning of September fourth, thirty, more than one-halt, of the oxen were missing, they having stampeded, and the company staid two days to look for them, but in vain.

During this stay, A W.

Babbitt, A. O. Smoot and O. P. Rockwell visited and comforted the company.

On the sixth the company yoked up some wild Arkansas cows to help out the broken teams, and proceeded, Joseph Elder and Andrew Smith going in search of the missing cattle.

On the eighth, Henry Banichter, a discharged soldier from Fort Laramie, met the company and said that the Cheyenne Indians had killed Thomas Margetts and James Cowdy and wife and child, about seventy miles west, while he, Banichter, was gone away from them to fetch in some buffalo meat which he and Margetts had killed a mile or two away.

It was supposed that Mrs Margetts was carried away captive by the Indians.

On the twelfth, F.

D.

Richards and party in three carriages, with the two men, Elder and Smith, overtook the company on North Bluff Creek.

That night and the next morning the Richards party addressed the emigrants encouragingly, and Wm. C. Dunbar sang several songs to comfort and cheer them.

The same morning the company crossed the Platte, the Richards party leading.

On the fifteenth, several Arapahoe Indians were met, who watched the emigrants that night, having told them that the Sioux and Cheyennes had attacked a large emigrant train and killed many of the emi grants.

The first frost, a severe one, was experienced on the night of the seventh of September.

That day Ellen Cantwell was bitten by a rattle snake, with ten rattles, which was subsequently killed, but the girl was not fatally affected.

On the eighteenth, a woman named Stewart was missed.

Several men went to search for her, but she got into camp before they did, though much exhausted, after staying out all night and having been vigorously serenaded by wolves.

Jonathan Grimshaw's company, numbering about one hundred, was met on the twenty-eighth.

On various occasions considerable time was expended in the repair of hand carts.

The company arrived at Fort Laramie on the thirtieth, where the four 'independent'wagons were detached, remaining there until a wagon company came up. A small ration for the company was obtained at the fort.

"Two women also stayed at the fort, one of whom was soon afterward married. At this fort, and also at Platte Bridge, Franklin D. Richards had bought some buffalo robes for Willie's and Martin's companies.

The company left the fort on the first of October, and met Parley P. Pratt's company of missionaries on the same day.

From Iowa City to Florence, the daily flour ration of this company was ten ounces, with little groceries.

On leaving Florence the company was provisioned for nearly sixty days at one pound of flour per day.

Adults received this ration, and children received eight ounces.

About eight miles west of Laramie the rations were reduced to fourteen ounces for a man, twelve ounces for a woman, eight for a child, and four for an infant.

On the twelfth the rations were reduced to ten and a half ounces for men, nine for women, six for children, and three for infants.

That day Alfred Peacock and George Edwick left the company near Platte bridge.

By this time many of the men were growing weak. The last ration that the company had was served out on the nineteenth, at the fifth crossing of the

Sweetwater.

On the twentieth, Cyrus H. Wheelock, Joseph A. Young, and two other men were met, with the welcome intelligence that George D. Grant with relief wagons was at hand.

Snow commenced to fall this day.

On the twenty first, as the little ones were crying for bread, fourteen wagons with flour, onions, and clothing, bedding, shoes, etc., were met.

Here the snow was six to ten inches deep.

On the twentysecond, William H. Kimball, with six of the relief wagons, turned back and came on with the company toward Salt Lake City, the other relief wagons going along to the assistance of the later com-

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

panies.

On the twenty-fourth, Reddick N. Allred and others, with six wagons, were met.

The next day, fifteen miles west of the company's last crossing of the

Sweetwater, other teams with provisions were met.

On the thirty first, seven wagons from Fort Supply, a settlement on Green River, and three from the City were met. On November 1st further help was met.

On the second the company passed Fort Bridger, which was then a Mormon fort or settlement, and the same day Ephraim Hanks passed the company.

The next day more supplies were met for the later companies of emigrants, and

William H.

Kimball and Mr. Thomas came on ahead of the company^toward the city.

On the fourth, Seth M. Blair and others, with wagons, were met.

On the eighth, William H. Kimball was met with a load of provisions.

On the ninth the company arrived in Salt Lake City, and the emigrants were soon taken into comfortable quarters.

Some of the company had their hands and feet badly frozen, but everything that could be done was done to alleviate their sufferings.

After leaving Fort Bridger, the company was assisted by about fifty wagons.

During much of the journey the diarrhoea prevailed in the camp.

Consequently many were sick and had to ride before relief was met.

Many had to be refused the privilege of riding.

A heavy snowstorm, with a fierce north wind, was encountered in crossing the Rocky Ridge and the South Pass, though the company traveled sixteen miles that day, still drawing the hand carts.

This was the most disastrous day of the journey, fifteen persons dying from fatigue, want and exposure to the cold and storms.

Some would pull their hand carts all day, and die in the night.

The total number of deaths in the company from Liverpool to

Salt Lake City is given at seventy-seven, of which sixty-eight occurred between Iowa

City and this place.

There were also three births and three marriages "

Captain Martin's Hand Cart Com pany.—The company of emigrants led by

Edward Martin is known in the emigration accounts of 1856, as the fifth and sixth hand cart companies, as it was composed of two separate trains when the emigrants set out from Iowa City; one of these was led by Edward Martin, and the other by Jesse Haven.

Most of the emigrants who constituted these companies had crossed the Atlantic in the ship Horizon, which sailed from Liverpool May 22nd, 1856, and arrived in Boston on the thirtieth of June following. On the eighth of July, the emigrants arrived in Iowa City, and immediately set to work preparing for the long journey over the plains, including the making of hand carts, which unfortunately were not ready when they arrived; hence, nearly three weeks of the precious time which should have been spent in traveling was consumed at the camp near Iowa City in getting ready.

But, at last, on the twenty-eighth of July, the camp broke up and the emigrants who were to cross the plains with hand carts moved off nearly a mile for a start and then camped again.

The two companies contained about five hundred and seventy-six persons, one hundred and forty-six hand carts, seven wagons, six mules and horses, and fifty cows and beef cattle; also one wagon loaded with Church goods. (Deseret News,\ rol. vii,p.

258). One wagon drawn by mules,and two wagons drawn by oxen, were apportioned to each of the two companies, to carry provisions, tents, etc.

Many of the carts had wooden axles and leather boxes, and the company had traveled only a short distance when some of the axles broke, which called into requisition the labors of the mechanics who were busy in camp at night repairing the damage or accidents of the day.

Another portion of the emigrants who had come over the Atlantic in the Horizon were numbered in the two wagon companies under John A.

Hunt, and William B Hodgett, which left the rendezvous camp soon after the hand cart company.

The following concerning the further journeyings of the hand cart companies is copied from a thrilling account written by Elder John Jaques, for the Salt Lake Herald several years ago.

Elder Jaques was a passenger in Captain

Martin's hand cart company:

CHURCH EMIGRA TION

"At Florence the two hand cart companies were consolidated in one and put in charge of Edward Martin, assisted by Daniel Tyler (both Mormon Battalion men).

August 25th the company moved from Florence to Cutler's Park, two and a half miles, and camped, stayed there the next day and night, and left the next morning.

While there, A. W.

Babbitt, dressed in corduroy pants, woolen overshirt and felt hat, called as he was passing west.

"On the seventh of September, west of

Loup Fork, the company was overtaken by F. D.

Richards, Cyrus H. Wheelock, John Van Cott, George D. Grant, Wm.

H. Kimball, Joseph A. Young, Chauncey

G. Webb, William C.

Dunbar, James McGaw, Dan Jones, John D. T. McAllister, Nathaniel H. Felt and James Ferguson, all but one (McGaw) returning missionaries, who left Florence, September 3rd.

On September 19th two or three teams from Green River, going east, were met, and the men informed the emigrants that Indians had killed A.

W. Babbitt and burned his buggy, thirty or forty miles west of Pawnee Springs.

"The company arrived at Fort Laramie

October 8th, and camped east of Laramie

Fork, about a mile from the fort.

On the ninth, many of the company went to the fort to sell watches or other things they could spare and buy provisions.

The commandant kindly allowed them to buy from the military stores at reasonable prices:

biscuit at fifteen and a half cents, bacon at fifteen cents, rice at seventeen cents per pound, and so on.

Up to this time the daily pound of flour ration had been regularly served out, but it was never enough to stay the stomachs of the emigrants, and the longer they were on the plains and in the mountains the hungrier they grew.

Soon after Fort Laramie was passed, it was deemed advisable to curtail the rations in order to make them hold out as long as possible.

The pound of flour fell to three-fourths of a pound, then to half a pound, and subsequently yet lower.

Still the company toiled on through the Black Hills, where the feed grew scarcer for the cattle also.

"In the Black Hills the roads were harder.more rocky and more hilly.and this told upon the hand carts, causing them to fail more rapidly, become rickety, and need more frequent reparing.

One man's hand cart broke down one afternoon in the hills, and by some mischance the company all went on, leaving him behind, alone with his broken cart and his and his family's little stock of worldly goods thereon.

He was drawing his little child in his cart, as he had drawn her most of the journey, and as he subsequently drew her to the last crossing of the Platte, but when his cart broke down he had to transfer her to somebody else's cart and send her on with the company.

So he remained behind with his cart, anxiously expecting somebody to turn back and help him, but no one came.

Night drew on apace, and still he was all alone, save and excepting the presence of a prowling wolf, which could be seen in the streak of light in the western horizon, a little outside of ordinary rifle range.

Happily, just as darkness was settling down, Captain

Hodgett's wagon company was observed coming down the opposite hill, from the east, at the base of which it encamped, a quarter or half a mile distant from the benighted and lonely hand carter; he eagerly went and told his tale ot misfortune to the wagon people, and they took him in for the night.

"On the nineteenth of October.the company crossed the Platte, for the last time, at Red Buttes, about five miles above the bridge. That was a bitter cold day. Winter came on all at once, and that was the first day of it.

The river was wide, the current strong, the water exceedingly cold and up to the wagon beds in the deepest parts, and the bed of the river was covered with cobble stones.

Some of the men carried some of the women over on their backs or in their arms, but others of the women tied up their skirts and waded through, like heroines that they were, and as they had done through many other rivers and creeks.

The company was barely over when snow, hail and sleet began to fall, accompanied by a piercing north wind, and camp was made on this side of the river.

That was a nipping night, and it told its tale on the

CHURCH EMIGRATION.

*39 oxen as well as on the people.

At Deer Creek, on the seventeenth of October, owing to the growing weakness of emigrants and teams, the baggage, including bedding and cooking utensils, was reduced to ten pounds per head, children, under eight years, five pounds.

Good blankets and other bedding and clothing were burned, as they could not be carried further, though needed more than ever, for there was yet four hundred miles of winter to go through. The next day after crossing the Platte the company moved on slowly, about ten miles, through the snow, and camped again near the Platte and at the point where the road left it for the Sweetwater.

It snowed three days, and the teams and many of the people were so far given out that it was deemed advisable not to proceed further for a few days, but rather to stay in camp and recruit.

It was hoped that the snow and cold would prove only a foretaste of winter and would soon pass away and the weather would moderate, but that hope proved delusive.

"The twenty eighth of October was the red letter day to this hand cart expedition. On that memorable day, Joseph A.

Young, Dan:el W. Jones and Abel Garr galloped unexpectedly into the camp amid the cheers and tears and smiles and laughter of the emigrants.

Those three men, being an express from the most advanced relief company from Salt Lake, brought the glad word that assistance, provisions and clothing were near, that ten wagons were waiting at Devil's Gate for the emigrants.

Early on the morning of the twenty-ninth the hand cart company left the Platte and struck across the country for the Sweetwater.

In the after noon of the last day of October the company met Cyrus

H. Wheelock, Daniel W. Jones and Abel Garr, who were going to meet the various companies.

At Greasewood Creek were found George

D. Grant, R. T.

Burton, Charles Decker, Chauncey G. Webb and others, with six wagons laden with flour and other things from Salt Lake, who had come to the assistance of the belated emigrants. This was another time of rejoicing.

On the evening of November first the hand cart company camped at the Sweetwater bridge, on this side of the river, about five miles on the other side of Devil's Gate, arriving there about dark.

There was a foot or eighteen inches of snow on the ground, which, as there were but one or two spades in camp, the emigrants had to shovel away with their frying pans, or tin plates, or anything they could use for that purpose, before they could pitch their tents, and then the ground was frozen so hard that it was almost impossible to drive the tent pegs into it.

Some of the men were so weak that it took them an hour or two to clear the places for their tents and set them up.

On the third, Joseph A. Young and Abel Garr were sent as an express to Salt Lake to convey information as to the situation of the emigrants.

In preparing for this express journey home, Joseph A.

put on three or four pairs of woolen socks, a pair of moccasins, and a pair of buffalo - hide over-shoes with the wool on, and then remarked, 'There, if my feet freeze with those on, they must stay frozen till t get to Salt Lake.'"At Devil's Gate an earnest council was held to determine whether to en deavor to winter the emigrants at that point or to push them on to Salt Lake as fast as possible.

It was decided to continue the march to Salt Lake the same season.

Two or three days after arriving at Devil's Gate, the hand cart company was in part reorganized, and most of the carts were left there.

"The freight that could not be taken along was left at Devil's Gate, with twenty men to guard it during the winter, in charge of Daniel W. Jones, assisted by

Thomas M. Alexander and Ben Hampton, of the relief party.

The remaining seventeen men were chosen from the emigrant companies.

These twenty men had a hard time of it before they were relieved the next summer.

"The passage of < the Sweetwater at this point was a severe operation to many of the company.

It was the last ford that the emigrants waded over.

The water was not less than two feet deep, perhaps a little more in the deepest parts, but it was intensely cold.

The ice was three or

A'( II I.1MIGR.

I TION.

four inches thick, and the bottom of the river muddy or sandy.

I forget exactly how wide the stream was there^ but I think thirty or forty yards.

It seemed a good deal wider than that to those who pulled their hand carts through it.

Before the crossing was completed, the shades of evening were closing around, and, as everybody knows, that is the coldest hour of the twenty-four, or at leart it seems to be so, in a frosty time.

"The teams and wagons and hand carts and some of the men forded the river, David P.

Kimball, George W.

Grant, Stephen Taylor, and C. Allen Huntington waded the river, helping the handcarts through and carrying the women and children and some of the weaker of the men over.

In the rear part of the company two men were pulling one of the hand carts, assisted by one or two women, for the women pulled as well as the men all the way, so long as the hand carts lasted. When the cart arrived at the bank of the river, one of these men, who was much worn down, asked in a plaintive tone, 'Have we got to go across there?'On being answered yes, he was so much affected that he was completely overcome.

That was the last strain.

His fortitude and manhood gave way.

He exclaimed, 'Oh dear!

I can't go through that,'and burst into tears.

His wife, who was by his side, had the stouter heart of the two at that juncture and she said soothingly, 'Don't cry, Jimmy, I'll pull the hand cart for you.'While in the river the sharp cakes of floating ice below the surface of the water struck against the bare shins of the emigrant, inflicting wounds, which never healed until he arrived at Salt Lake, and the dark scars of which he bears to this day.

"The hand cart company rested in Martin's

Ravine two or three more days.

Though under the shelter of the northern mountains, it was a cold place. One night the gusty wind blew over a number of the tents, and it was with difficulty some of the emigrants could keep from freezing.

One afternoon Captain Martin and two or three other men started to go from the camp to Devil's Gate, but a snow storm came on and they mistook their bearings and lost their way.

After wandering about for several hours, they came near perishing.

In their exigency they endeavored to make a fire to warm themselves.

They gathered some cedar twigs and struck match after match to light them, but in vain.

At length, with their last match, and the aid of portions of their body linen, they succeeded in starting a fire.

This was seen from the hand cart camp, from which, after all their anxious and weary wanderings, they were only half a mile distant.

Help soon came to the benighted wanderers, and the 'boy^>'carried Captain Martin, who was nearly exhausted, back to camp.

By this time there was a sufficiency of wagons to take in most if not all of the baggage of the company, and to cairy some of the people.

It was a trying time that day in leaving the ravine.

One perplexing difficulty was to determine who should ride, for many must still walk, though, as far as I recollect, and certainly for most of the company, the cart pulling occupation was gone.

There was considerable crying of women and children, and perhaps of a few of the men, whom the wagons could not accommodate with a ride. One of the relief party remarked that in all the mobbings and drivings of the Mormons he had seen nothing like it.

C. H. Wheelock could scarcely refrain from shedding tears, and he declared that he would willingly give his own life if that would save the lives of the emigrants.

After a time a start was effected and the march was recommenced along the valley of the Sweetwater toward the setting sun.

"While on the Sweetwater Ephraim K.

Hanks was met one day He had left his wagon behind him, and come on alone on horseback, and had managed to kill a buffdo.

Some others of the relief parties, further this way, had come to the conclusion that the rear companies of the emigration had perished in the snow.

But Ephraim was determined to go along, even though alone, and see for himself.

William H.

Kimball left Salt Lake again, November nth, with Hosea

Stout, James Ferguson and Joseph Simmons, and met the hand cart company

FROM

$400, TO A UNIVERSITY.

four miles beyond the first station on the

Sweetwater.

By this time the shoes of many of the emigrants had "given out,"and that was no journey for shoeless men, women and children to make at such a season of the year, and trudge it on foot.

"As the emigrants proceeded on their terrible journey, there was no appreciable mitigation of the piercing wintry cold, but its intensity rather increased.

The Rocky Ridge and South Pass were crossed on the eighteenth of November, a bitterly cold day.

The snow fell fast and the wind blew piercingly from the north. For several days the company had been meeting more relief teams, which had been urged on by the Joseph A.

Young express, and as the company was crossing the South Pass, there was a sufficiency of wagons, for the first time, to carry all the people, and thenceforth the traveling was more rapid.

"On the twenty-first, the company camped at Green River, on the twentysecond, near the junction of Ham's and

Black's Forks, on the twenty-third at Bridger, on the twenty-fourth in the cedars at the Muddy, where good fires were had, and on the twenty-fifth at Bear

River.

The next camp, on the twentysixth, was in a small canyon running out of the north side of Echo Canjon, a few miles above the mouth of the latter. Here a birth took place, and one of the relief party generously contributed part of his underlinen to clothe the little stranger.

The mother did quite as well as could have been expected, considering the unpropitious circumstances. The little newcomer also did well, and was named Echo, in honor of the place of his nativity.

"On the twenty-seventh the company camped on the Weber, on the twentyeighth on East Canyon Creek, and on the twenty-ninth the Big Mountain was crossed. At a spring here,Feramorz Little,

Jos. A. Young, his brother, Brigham, and others, who had been busy in keeping the roads broken in that vicinity, had their camp.

About this time the relief wagons numbered one hundred and four.

On the same day the company crossed over the Little Mountain, or part of it, and camped at the head of Emigration Canyon, and on Sunday, the thirtieth, passed down the latter canyon and arrived in the city about noon.

"Two wagon companies were still behind.

Isaac Bullock and all the men at Fort Supply, on Green River, went to the assistance of the wagon companies, taking all the oxen, down to the two-yearolds, in the settlement.

On the second of December, sixty horse and mule teams, mostly two span, with provisions and forage, left this city to fetch in the wagon companies, which arrived here by detachments.

It has been stated that they were all in, excepting a few persons who tarried at Fort Supply, by the sixteenth of December.

Perhaps most of them were, but individuals who were there affirm that some of the wagons were arriving during most of the remainder of the month."

Andrew Jenson.

FROM $400, TO A UNIVKRSITY.

So many munificent private charities distinguish this age that it seems as if Providence had chosen certain men of money-making aptitude to carry out His beneficent designs.

They toil for years, raking gold from a tnousand streams.

Then they transfer their accumulations into some philanthropic or educational channel, and, for centuries, minister to mind and body.

These gold-rakers maybe conscious or unconscious of the divinity which shapes their ends.

That matters not, save to themselves, but they, nevertheless, execute the divine purpose.

One of these chosen ones was John Hopkins, of Baltimore. His contribution to the catalogue of munificent charities was the university and the hospital which bear his name.

He was brought up on a Maryland farm, associated with a rare deed of philan-

.'4- FROM $400, TO A UNIVERSITY.

lhropy.

On it, John's grandfather had, before the Revolution, emancipated one hundred slaves. After seven yearsjof hard labor in a grocery store, John began his business career at twenty-four, with a capital of four hundred dollars.

He had, however, in addition to this sum, that which young men sometimes neglect to consider ready assets, but which old merchants view as substantial capital—experience gained by hard service and an aptitude for business.

When he died, fifty-four years after he opened his little store, he was worth several millions of dollars; and every cent of it was made honestly.

One of the peculiarities of the young grocer is worthy of the consideration of those beginning a business life.

He was willing to start in a small way.

Keeping within the limits of his capital and credit, he opened a small store, put in a small stock, and spread out on the counter many samples.

If a customer desired two bags of coffee, instead of the one which John had in stock, he hurried off to the importers and in a few minutes the bag was in the store.

What he bought was always paid for on the day the bill was due.

He gained a reputation for promptness, and for that square dealing which never evades the plain sense of a bargain.

Another peculiarity, one which caused him to be misunderstood, was that he habitually declined to sign subscription papers for charitable objects. His friends, even, did not know that he was saving his money for a special purpose, then incubating in his mind.

"My money is not intended for you,"was his answer, when asked to give money to advance other people's plans.

"It is not mine.

I did not make it.

It merely rolled up in my hands, and I know what for.

I must keep to my own work "Yet John Hopkins gave away a good deal of money to those whom he thought would use it wisely.

He frequently forgave a debt, or advanced capital, or piinted out a good investment to deserving men

A poor widow was trying to make a living. John Hopkins was one of five persons who loaned her one hundred dollars each to stock a small shop.

Two years after the loan was returned with interest, and four of the lenders accepted their shares.

John Hopkins refused his, saying, "I don't want it.

Keep it and lend it again in the same way."After his death an engraved likeness of the rich man was found hung in many counting-rooms.

In each case it hung there because John Hopkins had done the firm some signal service.

Shortly before his death he divided eight hundred thousand dollars equally among sixteen nephews and nieces. "Whatsoever is more than this comethof evil,"he said.

His beginning life with a capital of four hundred dollars emphasized the apothegm.

With the rest of his fortune he fulfilled the destiny under whose shadow he had toiled.

That destiny was to found a university, a hospital, and a colored orphan asylum.

The university provides free scholarships for young men from Maryland, Virginia, and North Carolina.

The hospital, connected with which is a training-school for nurses cares for the bodies of the wealthy and the poor, of the black and the white.

The asylum is for destitute or orphan colored children, who will be provided for until they reach a self-supporting age, when they are to be apprenticed to some trade B. H.

"If the mind of man is turned upon any given subject with a sufficient concentration, he obtains illumination with regard to it sooner or later.

The particular individual in whom the final illumination appears is called a genius, an inventor, one inspired; but he is only the crown of a great mental work created by unknown men about him, and receding back from him through long vistas of distance.

Without them he would not have had his material to deal with. Even the poet requires innumerable poetasters to feed upon.

He is the essence of the poetic power of his time, and of the times before him.

It is impossible to separate an individual of any species from his kin."

ASSOCIATION

INTELLIGENCE.

MISSIONARY LABORS.

The M.

I.

A.

Normal Class, of the Brigham Young Academy at Provo, closed on December 22nd, 1892, after a five weeks preparatory course under the tuition of Dr. M. H. Hardy.

There were forty-eight students in the class, including twenty-eight missionaries.

These missionaries have already gone, in pairs, to every stake in Zion, and letters from them as to their reception and the beginning of work, are very interesting.

Dr. Hardy says that at no time have prospects been better for solid progressive M.

I. work.

On account of sickness Elder M.

J.

Kerr was released from the Utah Stake

Circuit, and Elder Joseph Larsen, of Pleasant Grove, appointed to fill his place.

ANNUAL REPORTS The importance of properly preparing the Annual Ward and Stake Reports should be understood by every officer of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

They are the only means of ascertaining whether the associations have progressed or not.

They form the history of the growth of the organization as a whole, as well as that of the several ward associations.

From these reports the General Superintendency are advised as to the work in each Stake, and can better lake the steps necessary to insure greater progress. Besides, they inspire us with the magnitude of the Y. M. M.

I. A. work, and will make valuable statistics for tuture generations.

Notwithstanding these important considerations, many superintendents fail, each year, to send in their statistics, and, in consequence, the General Secretary's

Annual Reports have been incomplete.

This year that officer was called upon by the First Presidency for statistics for use at the World's Fair, and only an incomplete report could be supplied because ot the failure of some Stake officers to perform their duty.

This year should be an exception to the rule.

Every ward and Stake should send in a carefully prepared report to the General Secretary, so that at the June Conference he can say that the statistics are full and complete.

WHAT IS NOBLE?

What is noble?—to inherit Wealth, estate, and proud degree?

There must be some other merit

Higher yet than these for me Something greater far must enter

Into life's majestic span, Fitted to create and center True nobility in man What is noble?

That which places Truth in its enfranchised will

Leaving steps—like angel traces—

That mankind may follow still E'en though scorn's malignant glances

Prove him poorest of his clan,

He's the Noble who advances Freedom and the cause of Man Charles Swain HYMN OF PRAISE.

MALE CHORUS.

Moderato 1st and 2nd Tenor.

1st and 2nd Bf*ss.

C J. THOMAS.

HYMN OF PRAISE

^IpSi^^lg For the love that crowns oar days;

Bounteous source of Scattered o'er the bount eous land, All that liberal W » I =T fe E^ /» I- 3=* HI every autumn joy, Let Thy praise our tongues em - ploy pours From iis rich o'er flow - ing stores.

J_^ I C_+r o « r-H-7-=7-i -p—

,g>.

gg^^gppggE r -709- O-^ For the Thanks to P3 bless Thee, =£si= 3 ings our of God, I -<g—

jam I—

the field, we owe, S For the Source from ^P^HPl^^ =S=:

Rail.

PH=^i a Tempo stores the whence all r-S-g bless dens yield, For the vine's enings flow! And for these our £ e>.©>^fefcE r liv'- ning souls shall:F=F=gr=r:

:lte^=i^s juice, raise, For the Grate ful gen'rous olive's use.

vows and solemn praise.

Sfci IP -z*s»- F

HIGHLAND BRAND

EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated to a creamery consistence and.

Thoroughly Sterilized May be diluted witn either Water

Or fresh Milk: to any desired consistence

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream.

but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to Jving;jk: «& JET^fc>i«.M., Agents,

P.O.Box 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

-aTHU QUION I^INE*- For.*. QUEENSTOWN.{. and,\ LIVERPOOL, From Pier New 38, North River, Foot of Kincr St.. New York, every Saturday.

HtMAttfct HQ lQ«s NN N(0^\HG-a.i\&TOHS.

M_bSV^. fc.bOO Tons.

NRttONk 5 S00 To*« \N\SCOUS\U 3,120 tons.

IS 1- These Steamers are built of Iron, in water-tight compartments, and are furnished with every requisi'e to make the passage across the Atlantic both safe and agreeable, having Bath-room,

Smoking-room, Drawing-room. Piano and Library;

also experienced Surgeon, Stewardess, and Caterer on each Steamer.

Ttie State-room* are all on Deck, thus Insuring those greasiest of •11 Luxuries at sea, perfect Ventilation and Light.

CABIN PASSaGE, $50 and upward, according to location.

INTERMEDIATE, Second Cabin, $30, and $35. STEERAGE, $20.

Offices, No. 35, Broadway, New Yorh

A. M. UNDERHILL fr CO.

JAMES JACK, LOCAL AGENT, SALT LAKE CITY.

The Business Man's Friend."For full particular* call or address FOR NEATNESS OF WORK, EASE OF MANIPULATION, DURABILITY AND SPEED, the * TYPEWRITER IS UNEQUALLED.

F.

E. McGURRIN, *°3 i$&J3fc!B££Q R'S PERIODICALS HARPER'S MAGAZINE, #4.00 a Year HARPER'S WEEKLY, |4.ooaYear HARPER'S BAZAR, $4.ooaYear HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, $2.00 a Year

I7HBIVALLSD TAiTDARD OF EXCELLEK3E.

FEBFE3T EXPONENTS of the CIVILIZATION of the COUNTS.

HARRER BROS., Franklin Square, New York:.

GEARED AERMOTOR Ke-debigned and much improved,!'urnishes power to

PUMP, GRIND, CUT FEED, and SAW WOOD.

?or 12-ft.

Steel Geared Aermotor.

work of 4 horses at half the cost oi always harnessed and never gets tired.

With our Steel Htub Tower it is easy to put on barn.

Hend^for elaborate designs for putting power in barn.

12th & Rockwell Sts., Chicago, f. & 29 liea^c St., S»a Francisco AERMOTOR CO CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, etc.

For information and free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO., 301 Bkoadwat, New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the

JfrMfir ^mtxitm Largest circulation of any scientific paper In the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly. 83,00 a year; $1.50 six months.

Address MUNN & CO™ Publishers, 361 Broadway, New York, City.

Send in Your Orders FOK Bound VoL 13, OF THE butof Fall Cloth or Half Leather, $2.50.

L.

S. HILLS, Brest.

MOSES THATCHER, Vtce-Preat.

H.

S. YOUNG, Caahier.

DeseretNational Bank, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SMplVs, $500 000 - General Banking.

KSK YOUR GROCER TO GIVE YOU *GOLD band FLAVORING EXTRACTS, BALING POWDER, and SPICES, MANUFACTURED BY THOMSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

. Michigan Avenue, Cor* Lake Street, Chicago.

No Finer Goods in any Market.

FASHIONABLE and HEALTHFUL front THE GENUINE Jackson Corset Waist SUPERB FOPJVl.

PERFECT FIT.

A perfect Corset and Waist combined.

Famous for its style, graceful symmetry, and healthful qualities.

Patented Feb. 23, 1886.

See patent stamp on each Waist.

AKEN S.Se T?nfy R by the JACKSON CORSET CO., Jackson, Micb

IF YOUR DEALER HASN'T IT, WRITE TO US.

tbf inni»c HKimiirt icnire nt iitib POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 106 Wall Street, New York.

THE STATE BflflK Of UTAH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

CAPITAL, SURPLUS, $500,000,00.

60.ooo.oo:

HEBER J. GRANT, PRESIDENT.

WM. B. PRESTON, Vice-President.

HEBER M. WELLS, Caahier.

piRECTORS I JOSEPH F. SMITH.

CHARLES S. BURTON.

WILLIAM H. B0WE.

NBPHI W. CLAYTON.

ABRAHAM H. GANNON. FRANK T. TATLOB.

SFBNCEB OLAWSON.

PHILO T. FABNSWOBTH.

ELIAS MORRIS.

B. M. WEILER.

HENRY A. WOOLLEY.

Receives Deposits Payable on Demand.

Loans Money on Approved Security.

Draws Exchange on all Principal Points.

Pays careful attention to Country Trad*.

Solicits the Business of the People of Utah.

TALMAGE'S V "pirstBoo^of Jtatur^ Is Now in Print.

cts. per copy, Postpaid SEND ALONG YOUR ORDERS.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., GENERAL AGENTS.

MAIN STREET.