G LiIGflTS.

President George Q.Gannon.

Itt. this ]Vttmt>er.

Read the Prospectus to Volume in this Number.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR FOR DECEMBER, 1894.

PAGK.

Beyond the Arctic Circle.

(Illustrated) Nephi Anderson.

Hobedehoy W.

H.

O.

M.

Preaching and Preaching. XIV...N.

I.. Nelson, sj My Diploma Clarence L.

Lower.

Scandinavian Reminiscences.

II.

The Gospel in Sweden Andrew Jensen.

Tobacco or Liquor. Reasons why

I should not use them Le Roie C Snow.

A Municipal Sensation.

Utah Territorial Fair Prize Article

Josephine Spencer.

Imagination's Control G.

R.

1 13 College Department.

The Origin of Government 11) Temple Manifestations.

Salt Lake Temple John Nicholson.

ll<i Shining Lights.—How they acquired Brightness.

President George Q. Cannon.

(Illustrated) B. F. Cummings, Jr.1 1* Editorial:

The Campaign is over The Law of Recompense M.

I. Manual, Part II Milton H. Hardy and George H. Brimhall.

Established WILFORD WOODRUFF, President.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashier, Oldest and Largest Savings Bank in Utah, with

Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prest.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Prest, Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Webber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Haidy.

We pay 5 iter cent. Interest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any in for.

million youtieslre.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO.,

MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CiTY UTAH.

Dr.

0.

B. Hewett & Son, L% Dooly PO Block.DENTISTS Teeth Extracted and Filled Without Pain *#"Tlie Beet Work for the Least Money in the Territory.

-«=< THE 9=3*- i 89Vil09f9Q RIBUTOR, The Authorized Organ of the Y. M. M.

1. A. of Zion.

Prospectus for Volume XVL 1594-95, isJbj In this volume we propose to introduce the following special features among man} 7 other instructive articles of general interest:

Shining Lights.

How They Acquired Brightness.

Temple Manifestations.

Sermons from the Prophets.

Beyond the Arctic '^™>^—iflffr*

The Study of Self.

Preaching and Preaching \lormonism and Theosophy.

Reminiscences of the Scandinavian Mission..

M.

I. A. Manual, Part II.

Prize Story and Prize Male Quartette.

V^ocal Music.

Our Illustrations.

Department of Inquiry.

Association Sugg estions—nasa^fe*-

Our Missions.

Many New Features which we cannot now mention, will be introduced in Volume XVI of The Contributor.

Subscription Price, $2.00 per Year, Postpaid.

Address:

1\tx^ OoiXtl*il3Vlt01* Co., P. O. BOX 520.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

P. S.—Please remit by P. O. Order, registered letter bank draft or money order.

3«c,

Detectives Needed

Herp.

Superintendent Chas.

Ainge, of the National Detective Bureau, Indianapolis,

Ind., announces that two or three capable and trustworthy men are needed in this county to act as private detectives under his instructions.

Experience in the work is not necessary to success.

He edits a large criminal paper and will send it with full particulars, which will explain how you may enter the profession by addressing him at Indianapolis, Ind

Newspaper Reporters Wanted.

We are informed that the Modern Press

Association wants one or two newspaper correspondents in this county. The work is light and can be performed by either lady or gentleman.

Previous experience is not necessary, and some of our young men and women and even old men would do well to secure such a position, as we understand it takes only about one-fourth of your time.

For further particulars address Modern Press Association, Chicago, 111.

yni SHOULD SUBSCRIBE rOH THE Y UU CONTRIBUTOR.

Softly singing, mellow voiced, trained

Warbling Canaries that will delight you, a specialty.

We will send you an imported German Singing Canary Bird in song for $2.00 anywhere in the country.

Send stamp for Circular.

C. BBBRLBY, 66 LUBECK ST., CHICAGO.

CcMAND PON O'S EXTRACT.

AVOID ALL IMITATIONS.

F AC-SI M I LE OF BOTTLE WITH BUFF WRAPPER.

FOR ALL PAIN Rheumatism Feminine Complaints Lameness Soreness ounds Bruises Catarrh Burns Piles s CT It will Cure.

SUPPORT IJ OME INDUSTRY!

Goto MLt!!!l)!t! WORK! D'S SHOE STORE, "~,V Where you can get a '• pair of Hand Sewed Shoes made from 83.00 up. First-clais Repairing Half Sol > inland Heeling, 75c.

Wor'c guaranteed.

Id. K.STANN, (>6 l i E.2nd South "Busy Bee Washer Runs easy and does perfect work. No rubbing necessary.

Warranted for five years, and money refunded if not entirely satisfactory

Fit* anytub. Just the machine tor ladies whoare not vtry strong. Thou sands of ladies who used to hire their washing done now save that expense by using the "BUSY BEE."AGENTS WANTED.

Exclusive territory. Agents make $100 to $200 a month. Lady agents very successful. Farmers and their wives make $200 to $100 during the winter. One farmerin Missouri sold 600.

Price $6. Sample, (full size) where we have no agent, only S2.

We refer to our P. M.

For terms to agents, address LAKE ERIE MFG. CO.. tare of

THE CONTRIBUTOR, Salt S.abc City, Hah.

Bound Volume Now Ready.

FULL CLOTH, $2.50.

FULL LEATHER, 5.00.

'5

THE CONTRIBUTOR

Vol.

XVI.

DECEMBER, 1894.

No.

2.

BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

The City of Tromso.

CHAPTER III.

The Northern Sun—Some Facts and

Figures.

June the eleventh, and the snow covered the hills nearly to the water's edge.

The weather was cold, alternating with rain and fog.

It was now broad day the twenty-four hours, though we could not see the midnight sun, owing to a high mountain in the north.

At 10:30 p.

m.

I made an entry in my journal of the fact that the sun was shining on the paper as I wrote.

Although the sun rules both day and night it is as yet weak, and it will take some time to drive away the ice and snow accumulated during its 2re long absence; but higher and higher it ascends in the southern sky and its power increases.

Its strength lies more in its continuity than in its heat.

It puts to flight the winter, and changes as if by magic the snowcovered hills to piles of verdure, slowly at first and then with the hand and breath of a mighty giant.

A week after our arrival, I took a walk to a beautiful fresh water close by the village.

The snow had already retreated to the tops of the mountains, and the grass was fast following it.

The small stretches of meadow land which sloped to the sea, were soft and green.

In some

BEYOND THE ARCTIC

CIRCLE.

ot the (lry<r parts, farmers were plowing.

The weather had settled and the sun shone unhindered.

The air was wonderfully clear.

I had not breathed such atmosphere since I had left the valleys of the Wasatch.

The hamlet of Kastljorden is one of the many groups of fishing and farming villages on the island of Hindo.

This is Norway's largest island and it is situated on the coast between sixty-eight and sixty-nine degrees north.

It is surrounded by many other islands all of which are well peopled.

Wherever a strip of land can be cleared of stone on the side of the hills or at the mouths of the small valleys, there are the homes of a hardy race.

They are not wild or barbarous, as I might infer from my geography where it states that the inhabitants ol the Frigid Zone are "dwarfish in stature and intellect."Perhaps it is not generally known that there are living in the Frigid Zone over fifty thousand people who will compare favorably in physique and intelligence with any other class of people in Europe.

But such is a fact, and these people are found in the northern part of Norway.

No doubt our geographers consider the

Esquimaux and the Lapplanders the only inhabitants of the Frigid

Zone.

Let them take a trip to the land of the midnight sun and they will revise their books.

Let us consider a few facts and figures:

On the American continent the Arctic Circle cuts Greenland in two, leaving the inhabitable part south of it.

With Alaska it is about the same, so on this hemisphere we can not count on any but a few Esquimaux as living north of the circle.

Iceland lies wholly within the Temperate Zone.

There are a few settlements in northern Russia and Siberia, but they are of little inportance owing to the extreme severity of the climate.

So we have but Norway left, and the question might be asked, why should this country be an exception?

There are certain influences at work to make it so.

The waters of the Atlantic wash the coast, and the Gulf stream, sweeping as it does from the south, bathes Great Britain in its warm waters;

it then spreads northeast along the coast of Norway and gives out its remaining heat to the fjords and isles of the north.

This no doubt is the great cause of the mild climate of these regions.

The two northern countries of Norway are Finmarken and Tromso.

The former is wholly within the Arctic Circle.

In the year there was in Finmarken County twenty-three thousand inhabitants.

Of horses there were four hundred, of cattle eight thousand three hundred, sheep nineteen thousand eight hundred, goats two thousand five hundred, hogs two hundred.

There were thirteen thousand bushels ot barley raised and forty-six thousand bushels of potatoes.

The larger part of Tromso county lies within the circle.

In the same year it had a population of fifty-nine thousand.

It raised six hundred and sixt) bushels of rye; sixty-six thousand three hundred bushels of barley, and four hundred and sixtynine thousand four hundred bushels of potatoes.

It had four thousand five hundred horses;

twenty-nine thousand nine hundred cattle; sixtytwo thousand sheep; twelve thousand goats;

and one thousand seven hundred hogs.

The census report, I think, includes the Lapps, but they are not so numerous in Norway as in

Sweden and Lapland.

So you see that, although we had reached pretty near the "Edge of the world,"we had not yet gotten outside the confines of industry and civilization.

We did not tarry long ere we went to work at our business of preaching the Gospel to the people.

Houses were opened to us and we held many meetings in the various villages of

The Midnight Sun.

the islands.

We were, as a rule, received kindly by the people, -even though they did not accept of our doctrine.

As Brother I. was related in some degree to nearly every one he met, he was a kind of open sesame to their hearts and homes.

Our kind reception was the more strange as they knew who we were.

Neither were we the first missionaries who had visited them.

So they were not deceived in any way; their kindness, therefore, speaks loudly for the innate goodness, and the enlightenment of these people of the north.

CHAPTER IV.

A Country Fair in the North.

The middle of June we set out to go another hundred miles north.

Our host, Brother I's uncle, harnessed his horse to take us and our valises over the island to Harstad.

It was a trip of seven miles.

At Harstad there was to be a market or one of their annual fairs, and we were not the only travelers on the road that morning.

Throngs of country people, from all directions joined us on the way.

The road was quite wet and in some places muddy.

This road had not yet been made into a "king's highway,"that is, it had not yet been graded.

We saw some country roads up there that would put to shame the principal streets of some of our western American cities.

With gentle grades up and down, they curved around the hills and bordered the sea, pillars of stone guarding the dugways;

but we were plodding along in the mud.

Our driver reined up his steed with a p-r-r-r, the Norwegian for whoa.

"Hi, there, you Isaac, come here."

The man thus addressed stopped and came to where we were standing in the road.

"Can you guess who this is?"said our host, pointing to Brother I.

The stranger eyed Brother I. from his muddy boots to the crown of his stiff hat, a distance of six feet.

Well, no;

of course he couldn't.

Our host chuckled to himself.

"Well, it is Tollif Israelsen's son,"

/;/:> OX/) IIHi ARCTIC CIRCLE.

said he, with a triumphant flourish of his hand.

"And he's all the way from Utah, in America.""Is that so?"Then more scrutinizing.

"Well, well, how big you've grown!"(Brother I.

had emigrated with his parents when he was six years of agii.) "Well, well, and how is your father?"etc.

This was the usual manner of introduction our host employed, and he used it a number of times on the road that day.

As I have said, the road was muddy in places, where we would have to get off the two-wheeled cart and walk.

It was too heavy for the horse, we were told.

We also noticed that all our neighbors did the same, and only on hard, dry roads or down hill they mounted their carts.

The horses were generally "rolling fat."I did not see a poor horse in the north.

It is considered a disgrace to own one, and I dare say its possessor would be prosecuted for cruelty to animals.

We were invited to ride over a particularly muddy place, where it seemed impossible to walk over.

Well, you should have seen the glances we received from some women who were walking beside their carts and carrying a large basket. We caught such expressions as "lazy fellows, ""poor horse."Such is their feeling towards animals.

According to the American idea, it is often carried to the extreme.

But we were going to market.

At Harstad there was a scene.

The quiet little port of a week ago had developed into a city, throbbing with business life.

Street after street had been added to the town, consisting of temporary booths filled with merchandise.

Rough boards, canvas and cloth were the building material.

Where had it all come from?

Every steamer for the past few days had landed merchants and their wares.

Some had come from adjoining towns and others from the last market, held perhaps a week before at some central point south.

Here was a store with farming implements for sale—plows, harrows, rakes, hoes, etc.

There was a hardware establishment where cheap pocket knives and spectacles were displayed.

Groceries could be bought at a dozen places—coffee, roasted and green, rice, sugar, tobacco, etc.

Book stores were there, where could be secured bargains on Bibles, catechisms, Luther's sermons, cheap novels and notions of various kinds.

But the greatest display was ofdry goods, which lay on the counters in stacks, in every variety of grade, material, texture and color.

Coarse fishermen's jackets, fine silk handkerchiefs, home-made rugs, lace curtains, dress goods.

There must have been an immense sale in large handkerchiefs, as that was the head dress of the girls and women.

White prevailed, either silk or cashmere, but many were of cotton only.

Only the more "tony"ladies wore hats.

It was a sight to see those plump, round-faced, rosy-cheeked girls promenading up and down the streets, arm in arm, three and four in company.

Admirers kept their distance behind.

The harbor was full of boats, a fewsmall steamers, and hundreds of fishing boats.

Drawn up on the beach was a fine display of new boats in fresh clear colors, for sale.

There were nearly a dozen restaurants, and coffee houses, where one could get dinner or a simple lunch.

The speculative farmer's wife had erected a stand and temptingly displayed her cheese, butter, milk and cakes.

Here the hungry fishermen could get a big slice of black bread with his coffee, or he could sit down to the neatly decked table of the southern lady and pay more for less food.

A group of Lapps, having disposed of their reindeer goods, was attracted by the display made by the

Singer Sewing Machine Co., and

BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

came up to inspect.

They had no use for such contrivances, however, so they went down to the beach, crawled under their boats and took an afternoon nap.

A big merry-go-round drew a large crowd, and the proprietor made money.

It was drawn by a number of men on the tread mill principle, and had the usual musicbox accompaniment.

Then there were two dancing halls, from which, when evening came, by the clocks, were heard the noise of the dancers and the notes of the fiddle.

The majority of the people are religiously opposed to dancing, and consider it a sin; but there were some of the "ungodly"among them it seemed, and I have no doubt but many a right loving boy and girl were tempted too much by the strains and indulged in a dance.

"Market came but once a year, you know."And all this one hundred miles north of the Arctic Circle.

How alike, the world over, human nature is!

A cloud of black is seen behind a headland, and soon the steamer comes into sight, and lies up to the wharf. We get aboard and soon leave the busy scene behind.

The steamer heads for the north.

CHAPTER V.

The Paris of the North.—The midnight Sun.

Explanations.—The Midday Moon.

We arrived at Tromso next morning at 8:30.

This city is situated in latitude north, and is the metropolis of the Frigid Zone, that is, if there are no other larger cities in the unexplored regions of the north.

Its population is six thousand.

It is beautifully located on a small island by the same name, and has all the appearance of a modern city;

in fact it is sometimes called "The Paris ol the North."Its principal streets are paved.

It has its business center where can be seen stores and shops like those of any other city in Norway.

Large, plate glass show windows present their display of dry goods, groceries, hardware, jewelry, furs, etc.

Each establishment is generally exclusive in its line, there The Midnight Sun at Hammerfest.

BEYOND THE ARCTIC

CIRCLE.

being but few who carry a mixed stock.

A person can procure nearly anything in the merchandise line.

Tromsfl has two newspapers, two banks, a number of hotels and concert halls, a very good museum of northern wonders, two large Lutheran churches, one of the few Catholic churches in Norway, and branches of nearly all the other religious denominations.

There was one family of Latterday Saints in this city by whom we were received with all the warmth of brethren.

At Tromso, on June 20th, the weather was still cold, but the trees were budding and the grass was getting green.

Then we had a few days of fine weather and presto change—the trees were full of leaves and the grass was inches high.

All nature changed before the breath of the Giant.

We held a number of meetings in a private house;

then secured a large hall and advertised in the papers.

There were about three hundred and fifty present at our first meeting, who listened attentively to what we had to say.

As it was the first public meeting the "Mormons"had held in the city, the people were curious.

We gave opportunity for questions on what we had said and one gentleman arose and wished to know what the Book of Mormon was, and how many wives Brigham Young had.

He was answered and the congregation laughed at his foolish remarks.

We held ten meetings in the same hall and many came to listen, at first.

Their curiosity satisfied, the majority did not care for religion and especially

Mormonism.

We learned that summer was a poor time to hold meetings, as the people wish to enjoy the short warm season out of doors. The missionaries who came after us, did much better;

but one sows the seeds, another waters the tender plants, and then in God's own time, the harvest is given.

But we had not yet seen the midnight sun.

The weather had been cloudy and we had been too sleepy a number of times to stay up until twelve o'clock.

Now we resolved to see it.

So on the evening of the fourth of July, 1892, we climbed up to the summit of

Tromso Island.

The weather was beautiful, and the view from the elevation was enchanting.

The redroofed city lay at our feet.

Up the sides of the hills green patches of meadows were surrounded by woods of birch, whose white trunks gleamed out from the green.

We could see the fjord extend around the island, and the snow-capped mountains surrounding it.

At ten o'clock the sun shone brightly in the northwest sky.

Not a cloud hindered our view.

Down in the harbor lay anchored a steamer with a company of tourists on board, bound for the North Cape, and to see the midnight sun.

The ship was decorated with flags and streamers.

But see, what is that?

The star spangled banner?

Yes; up it goes to the masthead, and there is a cheer.

Then strains of music float up to us.

There is a large party of Americans on board and the band from the city rows out to the steamer to serenade them.

Small boats swarm around the steamer.

It is a bright picture.

We look at our watches.

It is halfpast eleven, but the sun still shines on nearly in the north.

I had read many graphic descriptions of the midnight sun; how the "round red orb glowed like a coal in the north'and how it tinged the landscape with its colors, etc.

I had expected something weird and strange.

My imagination had pictured something unusual, and I had my notebook and pencil ready to chronicle the wonderful event.

But alas!

I was disappointed. The sun didn't cut any capers for us.

It didn't turn red, or yellow, or green, and didn't color the earth and sky, no, not even the distant snowclad mountains.

It just went about its

BEYOND THE ARCTIC

CIRCLE.

business, sailing through the sky.

We stood looking at our watches.

It was midnight, and how did the sun appear?

I should like to give you a brilliant description, but the truth must be told, and so I simply quote from a letter written to a friend "'Twas the same old sun that shines in the daytime here at Tromso, and without doubt in Utah, too.

I saw no difference.

There it shone in the north about as if it were one half hour above the horizon.

We could not look at it without paining our eyes, it was that bright;

but it had very little heat, we could hardly feel its rays.

At midnight it reached its lowest point, which was due north, and then began to swing around into the eastern sky, ascending as it went."I was, however, told that out by the ocean, when the sun just takes a half-hour's bath and then comes up again, some very beautiful sights can, at times, be seen.

The atmosphere must be in a favorable condition to present beautiful sunsets, here as well as in other parts of the globe.

Any higher geography will explain the phenomenon of the midnight sun.

The following diagram and explanation will, I think, make it plain to even the casual reader:

surface receive the direct rays of the sun.

In the above diagram, figure i shows the earth in its position with the sun on June 21, midsummer.

You see the northern hemisphere then leans towards the sun, receiving its direct rays.

Now, imagine yourself standing at a, number which is exactly on the Arctic Circle, and 23i° from the pole.

You can readily see that although half of the earth's surface is in darkness, you would be able to see the sun at any time of the twenty four hours it takes the earth to revolve on its axis.

From the Circle, the sun would appear to be pretty near the horizon, unless you were on a high elevation but the farther north you went from this point the higher the sun would be, until arriving at the north pole it would be a good distance up in the heavens the whole tune on June 21.

Observe that in this—figure 1—the southern hemisphere gets, the sun's rays obliquely while the south Frigid

Zone does not get them at all.

It is winter there.

Figure 2 shows the position of the earth after six months, December 21.

It is on the other side of its orbit from figure 1.

Now the South Pole is turned towards the sun and the North is in darkness.

Its nights are KTOLE.

S.POL The earth's yearly revolution is performed with its axis inclined 2 3a° to tne plane of its orbit, or path around the sun.

The poles always point to the same direction, the north pole being apparently under the North or Polar Star.

Because of this, different parts of the earth's Fig.

2.

now as long as its days were six months ago.

At Tromso the sun is continually above the horizon from the eighteenth of May to the twenty-third of July.

During this time all is life, and thousands of tourists sail up the coast to see the wonders of the north.

So BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

July is the most beautiful month.

The weather is sometimes hot but generally warm and delightful.

Grass, leaves and flowers abound, and the air is filled with a delightful, wild odor of flowers and birch trees. The people make the most of their fine weather, and spend much of their time out doors.

At the close of work and business in the evening the streets of Tromso are well filled with or at least not up to the latest in manners and dress.

But that would be a mistake.

Could you look at that promenading throng on Tromso's main street on a Sunday afternoon, you could nearly imagine yourself on Broadway.

True, you would not see any ragged beggar, or noisy newsboy, but you would see the finest dressed ladies, in styles the latest from Paris, and gentlemen Taj ilu.fisar Sus at Varuo.

people.

Being loath to go indoors, they stroll up the hills or down to the wharves or perhaps row on the water.

Many a time have I sat at my window and at midnight, looked down on the gay throngs who were still basking in the glorious light of day, or night, which?

Now, a person might imagine that these northern people were uncouth, in broadcloth and silk hats.

Even some specimens of the dude could be found.

There would be a sprinkling of sailor boys, in neat blue suits and caps, and perhaps a number of red and gold striped officials from a steamer or from the army.

You would see handsome men and beautiful women.

The "Whiteheaded Danishman,"would not be there, as

BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE

he exists mainly in the brain of some western Americans.

On such a summer evening there are often groups of English and American tourists out, but one must get within sound of their voices to distinguish them from the residents.

They attract very little attention, except to the dealers in furs, horns, and other northern articles.

But the two Mormons were often the center of attractions, though we suffered no indignities.

It was the simpler classes only who, when we appeared on the streets, pointed their fingers and whispered ''there go the Mormon priests.

To see the sun at midnight is no stranger sight than to see the moon shining bright and round at twelve o'clock in the day, which is a common sight in the winter months in Nordland.

At Tromso the sun disappears on the twenty-fifth of November and does not appear again until the seventeenth of January.

During this time, the land is in darkness most of the time.

Lamps that have been standing on the shelves all summer are now gotten down, dusted and repaired.

A good supply of oil is procured.

When the sun disappears, it must be remembered, that it then skims along, just below the horizon.

It is therefore light in the middle of the day. but as the days shorten that light gets less;

until the twenty-first of December, midwinter, when there is but a faint gray light in the southern sky to tell that the sun is there, but away down below their horizon.

The moon and the stars now reign supreme the twenty-four hours, and get even with the sun.

Now is seen that splendor of the northern winter skies, the northern light.

Brilliant flashes of color and streams of light shoot through the sky, giving out a pale light to the snowy landscape.

Now indoor work goes on with energy.

The wife weaves and sews, the girls bring their spinning wheels to the neighbors and sit in companies and spin.

Often there are races to see who can spin the largest ball of yarn.

Grandmother sits in the corner and knits. The peat fire burns slowly in the tall square stove.

In Tromso there is more social life.

There are parties and balls;

but they can hardly dance till the day breaks, and the hours can hardly be said to be "wee"or "sraa'."They are long enough to most of the people.

Tromso is, as yet, lighted by coal oil lamps.

At Hammerfest, the electric light drives away the darkness.

This latter city is situated some distance north of Tromso, and is the most northerly city in Europe.

It has about three thousand inhabitants and is the seat of thriving whale, seal and cod fisheries.

Nephi Anderson.

The Moon at 2 p.m. Tkomso.

HOBEDEHOY

NEITHER A MAN oi< NEITHER A MONTH E hobedehoy masculine gender of the gams homo is a product of the nineteenth century, is found in all ranks and walks of society, and may be divided into two classes, the youth with good intentions and the would-be blase'young man.

Both are endowed with the peculiar characteristics, viz.

that of herding together, and are generally to be found in droves around public places.

The former may be identified by an extreme bashfulness when in the presence of the fair sex, together with an incurable habit of coming into meeting with a rush immediately alter the opening prayer, and otherwise making his presence emphatically known throughout the balance of the services.

At a dance or social he generally herds near the door, is very unassuming in the presence of some one else's sister, and entertains an unlimited capacity for cake.

On the floor when he can muster up courage to tread the mazy measure with some damsel, he caroms into unoffending couples with a sang froid that is captivating and only equalled by the way he enjoys himself in his innocent boyish fashion.

Well, there are some hopes of him developing into a sterling man.

The blase class is a horse of another color.

He is usually to be found investing his spare dimes in a game of pool in one of the too numerous down town resorts.

Slangly expressions, knowing bon mots, or perchance, more to his shame oaths, (which he certainly did not pick up in his guarded home, ) issue from his boyish lips.

His favorite roosting place on a Sabbath afternoon seems to be along the Temple square walls where he makes the air resonant with criticisms on the ladies, and pungent with the fumes of the deadly cigarette.

It is claimed by anti-tobacconists that this narcotic, among its numerous evils, impairs the eyesight, but I have it from the highest authority that the cigarette fiend can spot the old man three blocks off with the eye of an eagle.

As soon as the average boy gets on to the hang of long pants, his thoughts turn manwards.

I can remember when in that stage the neverto-be-forgotten day when a small news urchin accosted me on the street with "Paper, sir;

special edition?"My total assets were two pence half-penny, but nevertheless I invested, and at that precise moment

I crossed the rubicon. The paper was seemingly dry, stock quotations had no charm for me.

I was kind of hazy on the home rule bill subject, but nevertheless I brought my trophy home.

A few days later the carpet in front of the mirror began to show signs of getting threadbare, for that microscopic down on my upper lip troubled me considerably.

Should I invest in a razor, or go and be shaved like a little man? was the allabsorbing topic of debate in my juvenile mind.

At last I mustered up courage enough to sneak down town to the barber shop.

I have been to the dentist since then—it took me thirty-five minutes to screw my courage up to the sticking point—that was a mere detail compared to my visit to the tonsorial artist.

I passed that shop a dozen times there was a customer in there on each occasion.

I began to figure mentally how long it would be ere that barber would be enabled to retire from business.

The shoeblack eyed me suspiciously and promptly put his brushes away in a safe place.

At last my time had arrived.

I rushed in convulsively and collapsed into the operating chair.

"Hair cut, sir?"murmured the obliging knight of the razor.

I feebly acquiesced (my hair had been clipped two weeks previously).

When he got through, that obliging man winked at the junior

HOBEDEHOY.

assistant, and in a most urbane manner suggested a shave.

When I recovered my senses two eyes and a nose framed in a beautiful cloud of lather loomed up in the mirror opposite.

The barber was standing at the door smoking the fag end of a cigar I waited patiently, then summing up all my manly dignity requested him to proceed.

He apologized, by remarking he was only waiting for my beard to grow, whereupon the aforesaid junior kicked over a spittoon and went into convulsions.

I got out of there finally, and three months later invested in a razor and diligently soaped my face and scraped it off again once a week.

Most hobedehoys faintly imagine that one of the first principles of manhood is to smoke, and talk with the air of a connoisseur on the different brands of tobacco. Of course

I do not include all under this heading, but nevertheless there is a foolish idea in a boy's mind that a cigar gives a certain tone to the whole makeup generally.

I never shall forget my first cigar, and would to goodness it had been my last.

The ladies had all retired from the dinner table and left the gentlemen to discuss their wine and cigars.

Being "a big boy now,"I was allowed to stay and drink in the words of wisdom as they fell from my seniors'lips and try to understand politics and things in general that are not included in a boy's world of thought.

Presently a benevolent old gentleman with a capacious vest who had been keeping the company in an incessent roar up till then, with the utmost gravity handed me a cigar with the promise of sixpence if I would smoke it through.

Sixpences and challenges are things a boy will never refuse.

After a great deal of coughing that memorable weed was under way.

I leaned back in my chair and puffed away like a veteran.

In a few minutes I was conscious of a weird feeling stealing o'er me, an indescribable something that told me

I had dined injudiciously;

a moment later I was sure of the fact.

All interest in the conversation ceased;

I could not tell if there were six gas jets or one in the room, life was a blank.

I felt as though I would like to retire and commune with mysell in sweet solitude, but still from pure cussedness and obstinacy I stayed with that Havana until—well why harrow your feelings—they picked me up and hung me over the back of a chair.

One would think that would be a lesson to all would-be smokers;

but no, the hobedehoy has some mulish traits about him, they all persevere and in two weeks are able to smoke without any very strikingly evil effects;

in two years they smoke and can't quit, they enjoy the privilege of sending from five to twentyfive cents per diem up in smoke, not to speak of all its attending evils.

It is not my intention to write on the evils of smoking; you hear sermons enough on it without; be an incessant smoker for eight years and a cigarette fiend for two, and you will know what a hell you have created for yourself when you want to quit;

how many resolutions you will break and how you will despise yourself ere you can say you have mastered the demon, but be of good cheer boys, you can do it.

A word to the sisters. The hand that rocks the cradle is the most powerful agent in the world.

A boy whose life and mind are hung right can no more do without your society than he can without his dinner.

In these days of combines form about the only single good combine on earth, and one and all join together to make a solemn compact to boycott each and ever boy and man who uses tobacco; you will be irresistible and perhaps then the next generation will not gaze upon the cigar and cigarette advertisements upon the dead walls of this great and glorious city.

IV.

H.

O.

M.

PRKACHING AND

PREACHING.

XIV.

THE SERMON.—CLASSIFICATION CONTINUED.

In my last I discussed the kinds of sermons from two standpoints, viz.

: (i) the method of composition, whether oral impromptu, oral deliberated, or written;

and (2) the nature of the occasion and the character of the congregation addressed.

I began also a third classification based upon the nature of the subject matter used, and the faculties of mind appealed to.

The doctrinal sermon came in for first consideration.

It was shown, among other things, that this kind of sermon addresses itself almost purely to the calm, unemotional judgment or intellect, and presupposes faith in the prophecy, doctrine, and ritual set forth in the Bible conditions seldom met today in our missionary fields.

From these considerations it would seem wise in opening new fields of labor not to emphasize argumentative discourse, that is, disputations about baptism, church organization, etc.

For if people are unconverted to the need of salvation, they will scarcely be interested in the method.

Who would think of discussing seriously before a band of Utes the relative value of one and two story brick cottages?

Better persuade them first that any kind of house is good which cannot be attached to the back of a cayuse pony and trailed about.

So with people in the world:

the want of a saving religion must first be created.

The learned, wise in their own conceit, commisserate in us what they deem the crude formalism of the past, and trust their salvation to modern Christian universalism.

The unlearned, not having the mind power to assimilate abstract truths, are seldom interested, but flock to preachers who take care to administer baby-food.

But what, then, shall be the nature of missionary sermons?

That is a question very difficult to answer.

we were truly like clay in the potter's hand, the question would not need consideration.

The Spirit would mould us as it listed.

But we arc far from being perfectly mixed and pliable clay.

We are rather clods with sharp corners.

When we get into our fields of labor it is God's first business to break us all up.

Nor are we more than half-mixed by the time we are called home again. And then, I very much fear, most of us dry into clods again.

This much, however, may be said on the subject.

The purpose of missionary sermons must be, first, to develop faith develop it, not prove it out of the Bible.

For there are sermons on faith just as objectionable for their cold, abstract argumentativeness, as any which turn on the mode of baptism.

They do not create faith, where it is not, however much they may confirm faith where it already is.

We must have sermons that will awaken a loving faith in God as a living, warm-hearted, resurrected Father—a perfected man.

Sermons that will draw men from the mystic, impersonal Being of Christian and heathen conception, and lead them to the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.

We must have sermons that will make men believe in the true Savior—our Elder Brother;

in mankind as being really and truly the children of God—as belonging to the race of the Gods;

in this earth as belonging to our Father—every drop of water and every grain of sand;

in the right of God to rule what He has created;

in the likelihood that He would concern Himself in the welfare of His children—by showing them the way to become perfect as He is perfect;

in the Bible as containing that way.

In short, to create a simple, childlike faith in God, in mankind, and in the plan of salvation—this must be the first aim of the missionary.

But it cannot be accomplished by doctrinal sermons

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

on what faith is, its manifestations, historical instances of, etc.

All this is purely intellectual, and may actually leave the soul barren.

The need of a living faith must be brought home to these people by homely applications to their daily lives.

The next purpose of such sermons must be to create a lively desire to find the true way of life;

to discover what can be done today toward becoming like our Father in heaven.

This is repentance.

Here the preacher enters the domain of human conduct—a field boundless in extent and variety.

Here the multitudinous questions of right and wrong, with their endless perspectives of cause and effect in shaping the destiny of man, are to be looked at afresh from the standpoint of a newly-found faith.

What a world of subjects for sermons is here if we will but open our eyes—subjects not to be treated in a harsh, dogmatic, Pharisaical way, nor in the analytical, argumentative way, but with kindness and charity and brotherly love!

In this field of human joys and sufferings are to be found the concrete examples—the parables—that carry principles to the human heart, and arouse the emotions to deeds of righteousness.

Why should fiction writers appropriate this field to themselves?

They have truly learned the way to the human heart.

Pity that they stir in it such fruitle:-s emotions.

What then?

Is the method wrong?

Then is the organization of man at fault, for God adjusted minds so as to be appealed to in this way.

No, no; the use made of this method is sometimes wrong, and often leads men from the truth.

But this is no fault of the method.

Should we say the soil is poor because it produces a luxuriant crop of weeds?

Is it not rather a certain proof that the soil is good?

Then, let our preachers learn to use this soil for harvests of righteousness.

Our Savior set us the example.

Let me repeat, He set us the example—He did not exhaust the method.

"The poor ye have always with you"—the poor in intellect also; they whose minds if reached, whose hearts if touched, must be reached and touched by principle embodied in example, by a parable, a narrative.

How much better this way than the usual dry, doctrinal sermon on repentance.

After you have labored an hour by argument and quotation to prove the meaning of repentance—what then?

You have performed an intellectual feat, nothing more.

Your audience is as unrepentant as before.

But if, like Christ, you choose some prodigal son or daughter to illustrate the principle—then you have made the doctrine clear, and started the work of reformation as well.

It seems quite clear then, that the missionary sermon must first develop a fervent, a wide, an all-embracing faith;

a faith that shall give the convert a just conception of God, His being, His attributes, and His works;

at least so much of a conception as shall start his growth toward God aright.

Second, it must inspire in him the desire to put his own life in harmony with the laws of the universe,—for what is repentance but that?

It is also clear that the method of accomplishing these purposes must be such as will actually succeed even though we be compelled to learn a lesson from the domain of fiction.

Think what marvels will be accomplished when the Elder acquires the power to use the narrative as effectively to convey Gospel lessons, as the novelists use it to picture romance.* * Let me not be understood as urging that sermons be substituted by complete stories with plot, counterplot, and denouement.

As in the discourses of the Savior, narratives are to introduce principles not yet stated, or to illustrate principles already stated.

I do not even urge that the characters be fictitious, though on this point there could be no objection, since Christ has set us the example.

X6 / 'A'/;. K7//Xt;

.1. VI) I 'R I '.A CUING.

But before that time comes, we shall have to study more carefully the principles of truth or error that lie beneath every word or thought, or deed of man, and beneath every change in nature.

We shall have to become a more thoughtful people;

a people able to see the hand of God in all things, able to turn all things to account lor His kingdom.

At present this, the natural method of appealing to man, is used largely to teach what is often justly condemned as the unnatural—fiction, and because it is so used, the very method shares in the condemnation.

On the other hand, an unnatural method is used, on account of this odium, to convey things natural truth. Witness the result: for one person that turns naturally to religious things, a thousand turn to fiction the good soil bearing a thousandfold—of weeds; the sterile soil scarcely reproducing the good seed sown.

Now, in this matter of adapting method to the requirements of mind, sectarian preachers are far in advance of us.

The absolute need of supplying by artificial stimulus the interest which among Latter-day Saints is sustained by the Holy Ghost, has wonderfully sharpened their wits as to the best means of moving men.

Let me not be misunderstood.

I am not commending the stories they tell.

I only recognize the effectiveness of their methods of conveying principles.

This distinction it is well to keep in mind, otherwise we shall be so illogical as to condemn the method because of the use to which it is put.

Even then it is difficult not to blame the method;

for who can listen to the maudlin death-bed or graveyard scenes told so often in a tearful voice to set the congregation sniveling, and not become prejudiced against the pathetic story as a means of conveying a Gospel lesson?

But all sectarians do not resort to sniveling stories, though so many do that one is tempted to believe it of all.

If one would know. how effective the narrative method may become in giving life to a discourse, let him read a few sermons of Henry

Ward Beecher.

He will there learn that the narrative is effective in arousing all shades of emotion.

One word now as to our attitude toward this method of conveying truth.

I believe that a majority of our Elders condemn it.

Nothing is more common than to hear:

"Oh, he appealed to their feelings and of course he caught all the weak-headed ones."The implication is that to appeal to the feelings is contemptible.

Can you see the sophistry?

Suppose his purpose had been pure and holy;

would it then have been contemptible to appeal to the feelings?

Are not the feelings as Godgiven as the intellect?

If men are spurred to all that is base by appeal to their feelings, are they not, on the other hand, encouraged to all that is exalted and heavenly by the same means?

The fact is, the feelings are simply channels by which to reach the soul.

As to what reaches the soul, whether good or bad, depends upon what is put into these channels.

It may be remarked that if a preacher wishes to present a weak cause, or carry out a dastardly purpose, he invariably proceeds by lulling the intellect and arousing the passions.

Our Elders have seen so many mobs raised by this method, that they are to be excused for condemning it.

But still it is very irrational to do so;

for the same stimulus directed toward righteousness would have produced the opposite effects—not equal, of course, since the capacity for doing good has seldom been educated like the capacity for doing evil.

But says the Elder, a tree is to be judged by its fruits.

Is not this way the broad road that leads to damnation?

Is not this method the verv means Paul saw would be used to tickle the itching ears of sinners in the last days?

Now I am quite

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

aware that these are the things we say about methods that "convert"hundreds in a day.

I have said so myself.

But I strongly suspect that our chief reason for saying so is the same that the fox had for calling the grapes sour: we are such blunderers in using them.

For as to crediting the devil wholly with the inspiration and methods of sectarians, I take very conservative grounds.

I think it quite compatible with the Gospel to believe that God is directing His children all over the world to do the highest good they are capable of conceiving;

and that wherever, in Christian or in heathen lands, anything is found in line with the Gospel, it comes from the Father of light.

I cannot therefore credit the evil one with inventing or perfecting the method of appealing to the emotions.

But even if I could say that this method is used almost exclusively by him, I should still have to defend it and say that the devil knows a good thing when he gets hold of it, and the reason he has almost completely dropped our way is that he finds it so wretchedly ineffective.

Now as to exemplifications of the narrative and persuasive methods of preaching, they are very meagre among us—at least on the positive side—for the reason that our preaching has mostly been by the doctrinal method.

I appeal, therefore, to the experience of every missionary as to whether the fireside narrations, the hymns, the pictures of Utah, and the stories connected with them, the esteem and friendship resulting from intimate acquaintance—all direct means of appealing to the emotions—did not do more to convert men than doctrinal preaching.

Among our tracts in the Southern

States was one written by Elder Ben

E. Rich on the "Kingdom of God."

The people never tired of hearing us read it.

Why?

Because it was in narrative form.

The plot was insignificant—merely a running conversation between a Church of England pastor, and a Mormon Elder, with a traveler for audience.

But it was enough to lend a human interest to the abstract principles set iorth. Our listeners loved to picture the effect upon the good old clergyman, as truth after truth was driven home to him. The "Faith-promoting Series"may be mentioned as having the same general tendency, also the splendid work being done by the Juvenile, and other home periodicals in the same line.

But on the negative side, we have no end of testimony to the insufficiency of the doctrinal method, and therefore the need of the appeal to the feelings.

Why are our Elders so unfitted to give the Gospel in a shape to be understood and appreciated by the world?

They have not heard it that way at home.

Nor do they hear it today.

Our meetinghouses, in spite of all our drumming up, are fearfully depleted in consequence of this lack.

The old members who were converted by the doctrinal sermon are there every Sunday, like fixtures, but where is the majority of the generation that has grown up in Zion?

Where, indeed These are positively starving for the Gospel, and cannot get it, because, like people in the world, their minds demand it in concrete form.

Having discussed at sufficient length the weakness of the doctrinal sermon, I am ready to consider its strong points. The doctrinal sermon bears the same relation to the promulgation of the Gospel, that the trunk and branches do, say, to an apple tree.

Observe (1) that it is the trunk and branches which give definite form and stability to the tree;

(2) that though it is the foliage that attracts our admiration and the fruit that gives us food these would not be possible save for the nourishment of the branches;

(3) that there may be a thousand apple? and ten thousand leaves, yet there is but one tree; (4)

ss PREACHING AND /'REACHING.

that these leaves are but transient, and, detached from the tree, fly hither and thither and settle in the gutter; and the fruit being perishable must be eaten in the season thereof, otherwise it will rot;

but the tree remains to bear again;

finally (5) the tree naked and leafless is not a pleasant object to look upon, and if it bears no fruit deserves no better treatment than to be hewn down and cast into the fire.

Permit me now to justify the analogies I have drawn.

First, necessary as it is to use narrative and persuasive methods to arouse interest and move men to reform, there is danger of getting lost in the labyrinths of human hopes and fears, and of exciting activities that tend to divide men rather than unite them, unless those relations which form the warp and woof of doctrinal sermons be kept clearly in view.

This is the case of Protestantism today.

Having cut quite loose from doctrine their sermons on emotional subjects, like toy balloons, float in the sunlit air of speculation, exciting admiration, it may be, but leading men hither and thither as the wind blows, until the pretty baubles are out of mental sight, when each entranced worshipper returns to his own way with only a gilded memory.

The Catholics know better.

They employ all the devices of composition, but always in view of some definite doctrine.

Organization, tenets, rites, and ordinances, the materials for doctrinal sermons, are discarded among Protestants because they do not appeal to common sense; they are revered among Catholics because they are not permitted to appeal to common-sense; but Latter-day Saints need neither fear the first procedure nor adopt the second.

The searchlight turned upon their doctrines can only reveal what must appeal alike to reason and admiration.

Unity and stability in any svstem or organization are not possible without a rigid frame-work of well defined doctrine.

Second, fruits of righteousness can grow only upon some branch of doctrine.

The branch may be entirely hidden, and it is often better so.

For instance, in a sermon designed to develop faith, the word faith may not occur at all.

But the conscious purpose:

"I wish to develop faith in so and so,"must be behind all that is said.

A sermon without such <-.

purpose is exactly like leaves detached from the tree.

This, indeed, is nothing else than what I have so oft criticised as aimless talk.

Points three, four and five in this analogy will, I trust, convey the thought intended without further comment.

It is not that doctrinal preaching is bad that I speak of it ad I do.

In its place it is invaluable.

But its place is to sum up or generalize.

It is the process of extracting the spiritual essence of our experiences, but it can never take the place of those experiences.

To hope to make a man better by preaching doctrines into him is futile: we merely load his memory, and perhaps make him a hypocrite.

He must taste the experiences in solution, as it were, and then the doctrine as it crystallizes before him will have some real meaning to him.

This question is not a new one by anv means, at least to the teaching piofession.

Every teacher has discussed it over and over as applied to methods of instruction.

I have purposely kept back the terms deductive and inductive, by which the opposite sides of the question are known.

In doing so, I have followed the inductive plan—the only way to make knowledge real to beginners.

Deductive preaching, like deductive teaching, may be a swift way to cover a subject.

It is in fact often so swift that the speaker runs out of matter, and must spread over half a dozen subjects to fill out the time.

But as compared with inductive preaching, the impressions conveyed are very superficial.

The overland traveler may now cover territory in

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

a few hours that required months for the pioneers to travel, camping night after night on an unbroken trail.

But can his knowledge of the RockyMountains be compared with theirs?

His impressions have scarcely depth and coloring enough to last for one telling;

theirs have become part ot their very lives.

This must close the discussion on the doctrinal sermon.

I trust I shall not be misunderstood.

We need more than ever to be grounded in doctrine and principle.

My contention is only that we must go at it in a more natural way.

The grounding must be the result of finding out something—not of being told—of generalizing from concrete examples verified by experience, of inductive lessons as opposed to memory cramming.

The second kind of discourse to be considered in this classification may be called the topical sermon.

I was almost tempted to name it the editorial sermon, so nearly does it resemble a collection of editorials.

No better example of this kind can be found than the general epistles of the First Presidency to the Saints during the raid.

Such sermonepistles we get at every conference, the difference being only that they are oral, and in many respects more elaborate.

The topical sermon is most admirably fitted for the purpose it is intended to fulfill, which is to bring before the people matters of general interest, to warn them of impending danger, and arouse them to the duties of the hour.

Thus President Cannon during the last conference spoke during Sunday forenoon, as nearly as I can remember, on the following topics:

I. The attitude of of the Church toward the Utah University.

2. The general disbelief of mankind in an overuling providence.

3. The insidious spirit of text-books.

4. The need of more harmony in the home-circle.

5.

The damnable sin of seeking to lb escape the responsibility of raising a family.

Is not this an admirable list of editorial headings?

In the afternoon, President Smith occupied the time discussing another list quite as timely and germane to the occasion.

This kind of discourse has, it seems to me, but one proper range of subjects, viz:

things of immediate and pressing importance; things that can be disposed of in few words because they are already in men's minds. The topical sermon is thus appropriate to all who preside—apostles,, presidents of stakes, bishops, superintendents, quorum leaders, headsof associations, and fathers of famlies.

Care should of course be taken to speak at such times, and appeal to such feelings as will further not frustrate the object in view.

But subjects of only general importance, should not, it seems to me, be treated in this runningfashion. When they are,

I fear there is no way to distinguish the sermon from an aimless wandering talk.

Certainly where there is not pressing need to speak on many subjects in one discourse, greater force will result from concentrating all the attention upon one subject for each meeting, amplifying and illustrating it till the thought cannot fail to be comprehended, and the purpose felt even by the simplest.

Intension not extension is what should be aimed at even in the topical sermon.

A third kind of discourse common among us may be called the exhortation.

We seldom have a sermon throughout of this character, however;

for exhortation is like the weather: when we run short of other matter we sandwich it in.

I might also add, to be quite candid, that its effect in edifying is about the same as that of the weather; and its effect in moving men is often not equal to that of the awkward silence it serves to relieve.

Who does not instinctively fortify

9Q I'h'l'.ACHINC AND PREACHING.

himself with a sort of listlessness and inattention the moment such phrases as these come within hearing: "We ought to be thankful that—etc.,""It is our duty to see that we—etc.

"We should be continually on our guard not to forget—etc.,""It behooves us as Latter-day Saints to see that—etc.,""Let us always remember that—etc.,""It devolves upon us as members—etc."?

When these expressions occur in the summing up of a course of reasoning, or in drawing a moral from an illustration, they are quite in order.

We could scarcely get along without them.

But when we have a running series of "shoulds"and "oughts,"and "behooves"—covering every duty in the catalogue without break or breathing spell between, and with no other order than as they happen to strike the speaker's memory—it is then that good advice becomes as cheap as oyster cans to the junkdealer.

In point of exasperation there are three degrees in this cumulative weariness of exhortation.

The first degree is a mild pleading.

This is quite tolerable when it comes from the heart and even moves us when the exhorter is an exemplary man.

But if these conditions be lacking, we simply remain indifferent.

The second degree is like nagging.

It is here that indifference begins to take on the complexion of pain.

As soon as the habitual nagger begins with his "oughts"and "shoulds,"that "tired feeling"begins to settle down upon the congregation.

Many is the unspoken wish that he would sit down.

The third degree is scolding.

The scolding preacher is one that goes into the gaitter during week-days to collect "don'ts"and "ought nots"for Sunday.

He is one that invariably belabors those that come to meeting for the sins of those that stay away.

If he be a monotonous scold, with perhaps a nasal twang, then the exhortation method reaches its climax of exasperation.

Bui often he is anything but monotonous.

He gets excited, his voice takes a high key, his face grows red, his arms gesticulate wildly.

This is a decided relief.

The congregation is grateful—-grateful that it can keep awake without the usual effort.

''We got it in the neck today, didn't we?"is the jocular remark heard as the people leave the building.

But what good is accomplished?

None.

Scolding and nagging never do good but always do harm.

How I am tempted to dash off a chapter on this theme The good that scolding and nagging seem to accomplish at times may be set down as the price men are willing to pay to escape torture.

This good is only seeming, it is not real.

But the bad aroused beneath this cloak of seeming good is alas! only too real.

What then is the matter with exhortation as we usually hear it?

This must be our next enquiry.

Let me quote a passage from James:

"If a brother or sister be naked and destitute of daily food and one of you say unto them:

'Depart in peace;

be ye warmed and filled'notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body: what doth it profit!"Now let us paraphrase this passage:

"If a brother or sister be slack in the faith and lack interest in the Gospel, and one of you say unto them:

'Have faith, be prayerful, be honest, be virtuous, attend your meetings, pay your tithing, cultivate brotherly love'—notwithstanding ye give them nothing but your naked advice by which to stir up their hearts to righteousness:

what doth your exhortation profit?"This is the key to the whole matter.

Can we say to a man: "Be sad.""Be merry.""Now laugh.""Now cry"—and expect these emotions to respond! Then why should we look for results when we say to other emotions:

''Be prayerful, be humble, be chaste?'And if we repeat these

PREACHIlSiG AND PREACHING.

commands or entreaties for an hour together, will our hearers be better Are the doors to flimsy that they down by much or worse for it?

the emotions so may be battered knocking?

The lact is we seek to reap where we have not sown.

We look for effects when there are no causes.

We must bear in mind that if we would stir up a feeling"in the human heart, we must present an adequate cause for that feeling and present it skillfully.

If the feeling is stirred without an adequate cause, depend upon it, it is sheer hypocrisy, or perhaps self-stultification.

It will thus be seen that the fault in our method of exhortation is exactly the same as that found in our doctrinal preaching.

It does not take into account the organization of the human mind, but imagines that words projected into the air will imbed themselves, germinate and bear fruit without any care being taken as to preparation of the soil and nourishing of the growing plant.

Is there anything that man may expect to do well without studying how to do it?

Why should preaching be an exception?

A fourth kind of discourse very familiar to Latter-day Saints may be called mission reports.

As ours is the true Church of God, it must follow that its growth and development is of prime importance to every Latter-day Saint.

Hence the labors of missionaries should be of absorbing interest to every member, and generally they are.

More than the ordinary number turn out to hear the returned Elder relate his experiences.

The interest manifested may fairly be accounted for by the fact that the sermon is largely narrative, and deals immediately with the concerns of human beings.

As mission reports have in them much power for good, they will probably always have a place in our Sabbath gatherings, and therefore deserve study for their own sake.

But as I shall fully discuss narrative composition in some later chapter, I will only remark here, that these sermons, like nearly all others, seem often to be given "without taking thought'as to what shall or shall not be said.

Frequently they are without perspective, disconnected and bewildering, Quite as often the perspective depends only upon a daily chronology, as:

"Then we took breakfast, after which we retired to the woods to pray;

after which after which after which etc., giving details too trifling even for a diary.

In such cases there seems to be no power to separate the essential from the nonessential.

Some Elders again make it a point to dwell only upon the novel or sensational.

They thereby give wrong impressions.

For instance, the Southern States, one of the best missions in the world, have by such reports gotten the name of being particularly dangerous, by reason of mob violence.

As most of these faults occur through the Elder'staking no thought till he is called to the stand, I suggest to returning missionaries that they make a careful analysis of their labors, keeping in mind the question: What will be alike interesting and instructive to the people at home?

Then write down every word, observing those principles of narration without which no story arouses interest.

The report, which of course is not to be read, will thus crystalize into definite and logical shape by the time it is to be delivered.

Such a story would often be valuable for publication.

And even if it were not, what better monument of an Elder's missionary labors could he hand down to his posterity?

This finishes my classification, and yet three-fourths of the sermons we listen to in Zion remain unclassified, and, as I may say, unclassifiable.

Some Sundays ago I was taking minutes after a certain speaker, and

Q2.//) /)//'/.<).)/.

I had tried in vain for half an hour to made a series of desultory remarks find something logical and consistent on the Gospel."to put into the record.

At last, in Now, that is it in a nutshell, despair, I turned to my seat-mate These are desultory sermons.

It is and asked:

a pity that the bulk of our preaching "What report can I make of such must be so classified; and I am sure a sermon as that?"we all unite in hoping it may not be "Oh, simply say Brother so much longer.

N. L. Nelson.

MY DIPLOMA.

I resolved, having a vacation this summer, to fill it in with a month's fishing and hunting in Taos County,

New Mexico.

I had engaged Jose, for a consideration of ten cents per diem, to mind the camp and see that no passing wayfarer stole anything during my temporary absences.

Jose, who had arrived at the mature age of thirteen, promised faithfully to perform his part of the contract, and for some days did so with the most exemplary care.

One day, happening to return unexpectedly to camp somewhat earlier than my wont, I found Jose nowhere around; and when he appeared some time later, the embarrassment he manifested at beholding me, told me only too well that this was not the first occasion wherein he had proven false to his trust.

I accordingly at once took him to task, and upbraided him for his remissness.

Whereupon this last scion of a line of proud Spanish conquistadores, aggrieved at my evident want of confidence in his integrity, immediately deserted my employ, and returned to the home of his father, which gentleman filled, at the time, among others, the important and responsible office of alcalde of the town of Fernandez de Taos, which is the capital of the county, and to whom, as I afterwards learned, Jose, upon his arrival, related a harrowing tale of a most dreadful course of misusage and tyranny inflicted by me upon him during the time he remained in my service; and which had culminated that clay in my laying violent hands upon him, beating him within an inch of his life, and kicking him out of camp, with the order to consider himself no longer in my hire;

and this, too, for no cause or provocation whatever on the part of Jose, and also without my paying over to him the residue of wages that were justly due him.

The alcalde of Taos, enraged at the thought of his son being subjected to such indignities, took immediate measures to secure my arrest and punishment.

Next morning, as I was preparing to leave camp, I was surprised by a group of a half dozen horsemen, who, approaching and drawing rein beside me, their leader, announcing themselves to be a band of deputy sheriffs, bade me to consider myselt under arrest and to accompany them without resistance and no hurt would be offered me;

that they had orders to conduct me prisoner to the court of the alcalde of Taos;

peaceably, it they could, forcibly, if they must but upon what charge he refused to state.

Unable to account for this strange proceeding (for I am among the most peaceable and law-abiding, and could not recall to mind any misdemeanor I had been guilty of,) and as these men were fully armed and outnumbered me six to one, I resolved to follow their leader's advice and go with them without objection, only asking permission to arrange my camp equipage so it would be safe

MY DIPLOMA.

during my absence, which they were kind enough to grant, after which I mounted and rode off with them.

They escorted me to the town and into the presence of the alcalde, who sat in his court room dispensing justice to such offenders as were brought before him, after the manner of an Arabian cadi.

When he saw me he scowled ominously, and informing me, to my astonishment, upon what charge I was brought before him, added that my crime merited a heavy fine or thirty days in jail, as I chose.

Although I protested with great emphasis that I was entirely innocent, I felt that whatever I might say would be in vain, as the father would naturally give greater credence to his son's account than to mine.

As I proceeded, with visions of all the horrors of a Mexican prison floating before my mind's eye, I thrust my hands into the capacious depths of my coat pockets and encountered a folded paper in one of them.

This paper happened to be the diploma awarded me upon my graduation from college some years since.

I have always been very proud of it, and carry it about with me wherever I go.

No sooner did I discover it, than a sudden inspiration seizing me, I conceived a way out of my predicament, which I lost no time in following.

With as important an air as I could muster, I drew it forth, and proceeded to unfold it and said:

"How?

Do I understand that I am threatened with imprisonment for assault and battery upon the person of your son?

Surely, Sefior, you presume upon the privileges of your office, and overstep the bounds of authority, when you undertake to cause my arrest and confinement upon such a false and groundless accusation!

Either you have been misinformed, or your son is mistaken as to my identity, or he is willfully prevaricating.

Be that as it may, it is clearly apparent that you do not know who I am.

This document will prove to you that a person filling so responsible a position as mine in the United States Government is exempt from arrest upon any and all occasions!"And with a flourish, I spread the diploma out before him for his inspection.

The alcalde of Taos, who was unable to read the English language, or any other, for that matter, was greatly impressed by my indignant air and grandiloquent speech, backed as it was by the document I exhibited.

He seldom, if ever, had anything to do with the government courts, and the sight of the great seal on my diploma convinced him at the very least I must be no other than the President of the United States, whom he had heard of, but had never seen, who was traveling through that territory i-hcog.

Accordingly he at once ordered me released from custody, and with the most profuse apologies for the inconvenience accorded me, informed me that his house and all it contained were mine, which is the Mexican style of intimating that one is to consider one's self a frequent and welcome guest at the residence of his host.

The alcalde further assured me that Jose should be well punished for his impertinent falsehood, which, however, I begged him not to do, as I bore him no ill-will.

During the remainder of my stay at Taos, there was nothing too good for me, nor could I be accorded sufficient distinction or consideration, not only by the alcalde, but the entire Mexican population of the town, among whom the report of my supposed identity speedily circulated.

I did not prolong my stay much further, however, fearing the result following the discovery of my imposture, and soon removed to another section of the country, a considerable distance from that quarter; no doubt, I suppose, to the keen regret of the good people of Taos.

Clarence L. Lowet.

SCANDINAVIAN RKMINISCKNCKS.

tl.—THE GOSPEL IX SWEDEN.

In my former article I mentioned the fact that Elder John E. Forsgreen took leave of his fellow missionaries,

Erastus Snow, Peter O. Hansen and

George P.

Dykes, in the city of Copenhagen, Denmark, on the nineteenth of June, 1850, to go to his native land, Sweden, there to open up the Gospel door to his countrymen.

From Copenhagen Elder Forsgreen proceeded to Gefle, one of the principal cities of Sweden, situated at the mouth of the river Gafvel, and on the bay of Bothnia.

Near this city he found a brother and sister still living at the old family homestead;

but his father had gone on a sea voyage to America.

He found his brother very low with consumption, and by the physicians considered past recovery.

Upon making the object of his visit known among the neighbors he encountered opposition at once.

The laws of the country were very stern and rigid against any and every innovation of the Lutheran creed, which was then and is yet the state religion of Sweden.

The Lutheran priests with the civil authorities on their side were strict in enforcing the laws prohibiting religious liberty in the land, though many of the middle and lower classes, like the Danish people, were panting for more liberty.

A number of the peasantry soon became interested in Elder Forsgreen and his doctrines, and listened attentively to what he had to say;

but he was closely watched by the priests and the police, and, according to the Swedish laws and custom pertaining to travelers, his passport was detained by "Landscancelliet,"to prevent him from going into the country or to any other town without permission.

At that time any traveler, native or foreign, who was found without a passport in Sweden, was looked upon and treated as an escaped convict, liable to arrest at any turn of the road.

Under these circumstances Elder Forsgreen fasted and prayed much, asking the Lord to open the way before him, while he privately instructed those who came to see him and others whom he had an opportunity of visiting.

He also translated into Swedish Orson Pratt's pamphlet entitled "Remarkable Visions,''but the printers refused to publish it;

he therefore left the manuscript with some of the believers.

At length he instilled faith into his brother, whom he through prayer and anointing with oil, raised from his bed of sickness, and on the nineteenth of July he baptized him as the first fruits of preaching the

Gospel in its fullness in Sweden.

As this baptism took place about three weeks earlier than the first immersions by Erastus Snow in Copenhagen, Denmark, the honor of having initiated into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints the first person in old Scandinavia belongs to

Elder John E.

Forsgreen.

His brother, the subject of that baptism.

is still alive and remains faithful to his covenant.

He is the well known Peter A.

Forsgreen, of Brigham City, Utah.

Soon after baptizing his brother Peter A.

, Elder Forsgreen also baptized his sister and two other persons, after which he concluded to go to Stockholm, the capital of Sweden, in the hope of finding there more tolerance on the part of the authorities and the people, and consequently a better opening to introduce the principles of the Gospel.

Accordingly he called for his passport on the third of August, but before he could reach the steamer, on which he had intended to go to the capital, she loosed from her mooring and left him at Gefle.

Almost immediately after finding himself left he heard of a ship which was fitting out to go to New York, with a company of emigrating farmers.

He sought them out at once,

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

finding them lodging temporarily in a warehouse waiting for the vessel to get ready.

These emigrants were found to be conversant with the Scriptures, and being tired of the oppressions and religious intolerance of their native country, they had concluded to seek their fortunes in America.

Elder Forsgreen lost no time in preaching the Gospel to them, and they received him gladly.

He visited with and instructed them until the sixth of August, when they proposed a public-meeting in a grove a short distance out of town, and after due deliberation he decided to bear a public testimony and abide the consequences.

It was under such circumstances that the first public Latter-day Saints meeting in Sweden was held on the day mentioned (Tuesday August 6, 1850).

Everything passed off quietly and satisfactorily, and the people becoming deeply interested were anxious for a second meeting which was appointed for the following day.

Elder Forsgreen then went to the water and straightway baptized seventeen persons belonging to the emigrating company.

The next day (Wednesday, Aug.

7, 1850), Elder Forsgreen organized the newly baptized converts into a branch of the Church, and ordained two of them to the offices of Elders;

he also ordained some Teachers, administered the sacrament and instructed all the emigrants relative to their journey and their future proceedings.

Thus he labored with them until the hour for the public meeting arrived, and even gave the ordained Elders instructions how to baptize and confirm their traveling companions, should any of them desire to join the Church on the voyage or afterwards.

At the appointed hour for meeting (six o'clock p.m.), the rumor of the preceding meeting had drawn a vast multitude both from the town and country to the place appointed, and among the number were some Lutheran priests and "stadsfiskalen"(the city marshal) with members of the police force ready to take Elder Forsgreen into custody.

They took no steps, however, to arrest him until he had finished his discourse, for the power of God rested upon him as well as upon the people.

"Some wept, others rejoiced, and nearly all seemed to feel that surely a prophet had come among them."

As soon as he was through speaking, the marshal and priests, full of indignation and boiling over with rage, came forward and arrested him, amid terrible threats and denunciations.

As he was marched into town the vast multitude followed, and they were met by large crowds from the town and shipyards.

As the officer in charge, by way of introducing his prisoner to the crowd, called him "Dopparen"(the dipper), the multitude swung their hats and cried with deafening shouts:

"Hurra for profeten"(hurrah for the prophet).

The next day (August 8th) he was brought before the chief officer of police; next he was taken before the chief officer of "Landscancelliet, then before the chief priest and his associates, all of whom, in their turn, examined and questioned him, and made minutes of the proceedings.

He answered them as the spirit gave him utterance, until they became perfectly confounded and perplexed, and knew not what to do with him.

He was next ushered before "Borgmiistaren"(the city mayor), of Gefle, "where,"writes Elder Erastus Snow, ''all th& before-mentioned dignitaries were assembled, with the priests and police.

Here he had another opportunity of bearing witness to the truth, for as they proceeded with their accusations of what he had said and done, he explained and bore testimony. Among other evil deeds which the marshal accused him of, was healing the sick.

The chief priest sent for Elder

Forsgreen's brother to have him examined, as it was believed he was still

.sv: i.\7>/.\:

1 7.1.Y /»'/•;.)//. v/.sv /:x< ES sick.

But when this brother came, he testified boldly that he was well, and that he had been healed by the power of God, through the instrumentality of his brother.

The doctor was ordered to examine him;

he pronounced him well. The physician was also ordered to examine Brother

John's head, as they would feign have sent him to the lunatic asylum but the doctor very significantly told them that he (John E. Forsgreen) knew well what he was about.

"Everything increased their perplexity.

Elder Forsgreen was well dressed and bore passports from Washington.

This, added to his bold indifference, made them feel dubious about imprisoning him.

They finally concluded to send him to Stockholm with a full account of his doings and sayings in Gefle. The marshal suggested that for his bold, impudent demeanor he was worthy to go to Stockholm in irons; and the irons were produced for the purpose.

But after a little further consultation he was dismissed with the following endorsement upon his pass, which was suggested by the chief priest:

"'The bearer of this pass received it and had it signed August 3rd for his departure to Stockholm, but was unable to leave at that time.

The North American consul, now present, rejects him, and leaves him without protection.

The bearer of the pass has, during the past few days, disturbed the general peace by illegal preaching in warehouses and in the open air before several hundred persons, and has even performed the act of baptizing several grown persons on the seashore.

For these offences he will leave Gefle before 8 o'clock tomorrow morning for the above mentioned place of destination without fail.

"'Gefle Landscancelli, 8th Aug., 1850.'

When Elder Forsgreen landed in Stockholm he was again arrested, as the police officers had received from

Gefle five or six pages of his sayings and doings there, and he was taken forthwith before the chief police officers of the kingdom, for three successive days, where he again had an opportunity of expounding the principles of the Gospel and bearing witness of its restoration to the officers and others assembled in the court room.

During this time his fame spread throughout the city, and notices appeared about him in the different newspapers.

The officers of the law, after trying in vain to reason with, and persuade and threaten him, in order to stop his preaching, finally concluded to banish him from the country by sending him back to America.

But as there was no vessel in the harbor by which they could ship him immediately, and the American minister at Stockholm would not allow him to be imprisoned, they permitted him to go at large in the city with a strict charge not to preach his doctrines.

But the papers published his whereabouts and people from all quarters sought him thus he received numerous invitations, visited many families in their private houses, and soon had a large circle of friends and acquaintances.

In this manner he continued his labors for about a month, and many began to believe his testimony;

but when a rumor reached the ears of the authorities to the effect that several persons had concluded to be baptized by him, notwithstanding the heavy penalty fixed by law for such an offense, Elder Forsgreen was seized by the police on the night between the ninth and tenth of September and taken on board an American vessel which was ready to sail for New York.

His passport was endorsed for that city and his passage paid.

But, fortunately for him, the vessel on which he had thus been given involuntary passage, had to touch at Elsinore, on the coast of Denmark, to pay the so-called "Oresundstold'(Danish toll), before she could pass from the Baltic to the Cattegat.

Elder Forsgreen was not slow in taking advantage of the opportunity thus afforded him to escape, and as he during the voyage from Stockholm had gained the friendship of the captain of the vessel, he had no

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

difficulty in effecting a landing.

Elated at the prospect of soon joining his fellow missionaries in Copenhagen, which was only about thirty miles distant from Elsinore, he was making preparations to start from that city, when he was arrested by the Danish police, at the instigation of the Swedish consul, who had received orders from his government to unite with the Danish police in having Forsgreen re-shipped to New

York, if he should attempt to land in

Elsinore.

As a cause for his arrest, the Danish authorities alleged that he was not in possession of sufficient means to be looked upon in any other light than a vagrant.

Fortunately, however, Mr. Walter Forward, the American minister to Denmark, with whom Elder Erastus Snow had already formed a most friendly acquaintance, was visiting Elsinore at the time, and to him Elder Forsgreen, as an American citizen, immediately applied for help and protection.

Mr. Forward, in answer to the Danish authorities, said that he would be responsible for Mr. Forsgreen, and assured them that there was no danger of his becoming a burden to the Danish government through a lack of money, as he knew the prisoner had friends and means in Copenhagen.

This stand on the part of Mr. Forward had the desired effect; Elder Forsgreen was liberated and then accompanied the minister to Copenhagen, where he arrived on the eighteenth of September, 1850, and received a hearty welcome from his beloved brethren in the Priesthood, from whom he had been separated for three months.

Thus ended the first attempt to introduce the fullness of the Gospel into the kingdom of Sweden;

and it may be remarked in this connection, that the company of farmers of whom Elder Forsgreen had baptized seventeen, sailed for America soon after his arrest, and nothing authentic has ever been heard of them since, though Elder Forsgreen claimed that some of them subsequently became identified with branches of the Church in the West.

In the spring of a Brother Mikael Johnson, a native of Sweden, who had already received rough treatment at the hands of mobs in Denmark, was sent as a missionary to Sweden.

Agreeable to instructions given him by the presiding brethren in Copenhagen, previous to his departure, he went to the place of

Brother John E. Forsgreen's nativity and former labors.

He found Peter A.

Forsgreen, and the others who had been baptized a year and a half previous, holding on to the faith, and the arrival of Elder Johnson in their midst was a great comfort to them.

It appears that the seed sowed in the beginning had commenced to spring up, and that many of the words spoken by Elder Forsgreen previous to his banishment were remembered and believed in by some of the people.

On the arrival of Elder Johnson these were now anxious to learn more of the principles of the Gospel, but just as he had commenced baptizing he was arrested and transported to Stockholm in a much similar manner to Elder Forsgreen previously.

On his arrival at the capital he demanded a trial but after a preliminary examination he was told by the police that his papers from Gefle were sufficient to send him on.

He was therefore transported in chains—part of the way between two thieves—

a distance of about five hundred miles overland to the city of Malmo, in Sk&ne.

On this toilsome journey his only food was coarse bread and water and his suffering from exposure and insult were very severe.

On his arrival in Malmo in a half-starved and weak condition, he was thrust into one of those old prisons or castles, which were originally built in that land for the royalty, but afterwards turned into state prisons.

After remaining there for some time, he was visited by a Lutheran priest

S(: \NDIN.

1 'IAN REMINISL ENi. 'ES.

who offered to help him out of his difficulties on conditions.

Inviting him into a more comfortable apartment, the priest, upon discovering that Elder Johnson possessed some learning, proposed to assist him in getting into a high school, to complete his education, provided hewould associate himself with the Lutherans, renounce Mormonism, and cease to preach that doctrine.

Brother Johnson answered: "You make me think of the 'gentleman'who was with Jesus on the mountain when he was an hungered.

"What,"said the astonished divine, "do you liken yourself to Jesus and me to the devil?

You shall go out of the country."Accordingly the police authorities of Malmo brought him over ''Oresund,"(the sound separating Sweden from Denmark,) and delivered him to the police authorities in Copenhagen on the ninth of September, 1852.

This action on the part of the Malmo police was made the more inconsistent since Elder Johnson was a native born subject of

Sweden, and had neither been tried nor condemned by any judicial court.

His crime consisted of having baptized several respectable citizens at their own request.

About the same time Elder Forsgreen's brother and sister and one of those baptized by Elder Johnson arrived in Copenhagen.

Thus ended the second attempt at introducing the Gospel into the heart of Sweden.

(Mill.

Star, Vol.

xiv, p.

558.) It was reserved for the province of

Scane, the southernmost portion of the kingdom, or that lying adjacent to Denmark, to become the cradle of "Mormonism"so far as Sweden is concerned.

At a general conference of the Scandinavian mission held at Copenhagen, Denmark, February 20th, 21st and 22d, 1852, just previous to the departure of Erastus Snow on his return to America, a number of Elders were called to labor as missionaries in different parts of Denmark, and three, namely, Anders W. Winberg, Nils Capson and Ola Nilson, were appointed to open up a missionary field in the province of Sk&ne, Sweden.

For some reason unknown to the writer, Brother

Nilson did not go, but the other two brethren responded to the call.

Elder Winberg left Copenhagen April 21, 1852, and wended his way to Lund, his native town, where his parents still resided.

There he commenced his missionary operations with success, and on the seventh of June, 1852, he had the pleasure of baptizing his sister and brother-inlaw (Peter Peterson and wife), who resided in the village of Dahlby, about seven miles east of the city of Lund.

This is supposed to be the first baptism performed by divine authority in southern Sweden.

Mr.

Peterson was a tanner by trade, and he and his wife were baptized in a new tanner's vat, which was partly filled with clean water for the occasion, and had not yet been used for tannery purposes.

August 10, 1852, Elder Winberg, baptized Carl Capson and Frederik Lundblad, in Kiillby River, near Lund, as the fruits of the earnest labors of Brother Nils Capson, Elder

Winberg's missionary companion.

Thus was the Gospel seed successfully sown in the province of Skane, which subsequently yielded thousands ot converts to "Mormonism."Carl Capson, one of the newly baptized members, afterwards became the means of making several more converts in the same neighborhood.

After a short stay Brothers Winberg and Capson were returned to Denmark, but, agreeable to another call, at another conference held at Copenhagen

August 12, 1852, they soon returned to Sweden, accompanied by another brother whose name was Holmstedt.

These three brethren labored with great diligence for several weeks, during which they baptized a few more converts.

Others

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

who received the testimony of the missionaries crossed over the sound to Copenhagen where the ordinance of baptism was administered to them in order to avoid transgressing"the laws of Sweden.

Owing to renewed persecutions, the missionaries returned to Copenhagen in September;

but they or others soon returned, and during the winter of 1852-53, quite a number of people were baptized in Skane.

The unceasing persecution, however, prevented any branch organization being effected until the following spring.

Early in one of the Elders (Johan Swenson) was banished from

Sweden, and three or four other missionaries were arrested and imprisoned for having preached and baptized.

This Elder Johan Swenson presided over one of the Danish conferences, but having attended the conference meetings held in Copenhagen on the sixth of April, 1853, he decided to visit Sweden, which was his native land, and where several of his brothers then resided.

Procuring the customary pass, he landed on the Swedish shore, where he obtained another pass, which allowed him to travel into the interior of the country, and he proceeded to his brother's house.

"He was not long there,"writes Elder Willard Snow, "before the news flew that he was a Mormon!

In the meantime his aunt began to question him, and he of course had to answer.

Finally he took the Book of Mormon from his pocket, and read to her, and those who were present, and answered their questions.

Very soon, however, the police stepped in, and arrested him for preaching, and away they took him.

They took all his papers, his books, money, pen, knife and everything.

They made him strip off his own clothes like a state's prison convict who had been condemned for some capital offense, and placed him in a cell during the night.

They handled him in that way for about three days.

At the end of that time they found out that there was no law, even in Sweden, against a man's reading, so they returned him his clothes and part of his papers.

They blotted his passport, to show that he had been arrested as a suspicious character, but they permitted him to remain for the specified time of fourteen days."After that time had elapsed, he returned to Copenhagen.

At a general conference of the Church in Scandinavia, held at Copenhagen, April 6th, 8th and 10th, 1853, Elder A.

W.

Winberg was appointed to preside over the Swedish mission, and on the twenty-first of April following he took passage from

Copenhagen to Ystad, from whence he proceeded on foot to Sjonabiick, a large estate situated about thirty miles east of Malmo.

Being closely watched, he found it impracticable to attempt holding any public meeting, as a proclamation had been issued by the local civil authorities forbidding any private persons holding public religious meetings in their houses under a penalty of fifty "riksdaler."However, he stayed two nights, during which eight persons were baptized.

He then went to Skurup, another "Herregard"or estate, adjoining Sjonabach, where he on the night of April 24, 1853, called a council meeting, and organized the first branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Sweden.

It was called the Sjonabaek branch, and numbered thirty-six members at the time of its organization;

several of the newly-baptized converts were also ordained to different positions in the Priesthood, and a Brother Peter Peterson was appointed president of the branch.

All this was of necessity done in the silent hours of the night, in order co avoid persecution and arrest.

Not until the nightingale in her sweetest melody had announced the dawning of another day, did the brethren break up their interesting meeting.

It was then found necessary for them to scatter at once,

loo TOBACCO OR LIQUOR.

as the people in the neighborhood were watching very closely for Mormon Elders;

but when they commenced to gather with evil intent early in the morning, the missionaries had gone.

The brethren next turned up in the city of Malmo, where they in'the evening of April 25th held another council meeting and organized the second branch of the Church in Sweden at that place;

they ordained Hans Lundblad to the office of an Elder and appointed him president of the branch.

On the same occasion six Saints residing at a small seacoast village called Lomma, about seven miles north of Malmo, were organized into a third branch,

Priest A.

Jrinson being ordained to the office of an Elder and appointed to preside over the same.

On the thirtieth of April Elder Winberg, assisted by his fellow missionaries organized a branch of the Church in the city of Lund, over which Carl Capson was appointed to preside, after first being ordained an Elder.

Thus were the first four branches of the Church organized in Sweden.

Commencing on Saturday evening

June 25, 1853, a conference meeting was held in the barn of Carl Capson in the city of Lund—the first gathering of that kind which ever took place in Sweden.

The meeting was continued all night, or until 7:30 o'clock the next morning.

Elders Peter O. Hansen and Ole N.

Liljenquist, from Copenhagen, were numbered among those who participated in this important meeting, which was attended by about one hundred people.

On this occasion the four branches recently established in Skane were organized into a conference with

Elder Hans Lundblad as President.

This was the commencement of the famous Skane conference, which is still in existence, and has had a most interesting history, covering a period of more than forty- two years.

In due course of time the fullness of the

Gospel, through the administration of some of the most earnest and diligent missionaries which the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ever had, spread from Skane into the more northern provinces of the kingdom of Sweden.

Other branches and conferences were organized, and today the Swedish mission—particularly the Stockholm conference—is one of the most fruitful fields of labor in which the average Mormon Elder has the privilege of promulgating the principles of truth and salvation.

Andrew Jenson.

TOBACCO OR LIOUOR* REASONS WHY I SHOULD NOT USE THEM.

The leading, and probably chief reason, why I should not use tobacco or alcoholic liquors, that presents itself is, God has given the command that none of His children shall befoul the tabernacles He has given them, with the filthy and poisonous weed or with stimulants;

not only has this command been given through the Word of Wisdom, but it is spoken * Read before the Mutual Improvement Association of the Seventeenth Ward, Salt Lake City.

of specially and separately in the Holy Scriptures.

It is certain that there is a reason in all things, and especially is this true in regard to all of the commands given by our Heavenly Father.

It is not our place to ask: "Why has God revealed this command,"or "Why does He ask this of us?"Nevertheless should we be persuaded to seek for a justification of the above requirement, we would probably become fatigued in rehearsing all of the many reasons.

TOBACCO OR LIOUOR.

IOI Let us see:

It is too well known that a very large percentage of the deaths, excuse me, but suicides is much the more appropriate term, recorded at the termination of each day's tale of horror, is incited by the poisoned arrows shot from the deadly weapons held in the grasp of these two powerful enemies:

alcohol and tobacco.

Many of the numerous accounts reported by the doctors of the expiration of drunkards'lives are certainly most horrifying.

Every part, without a single exception, of the organs of the human body, is injuriously affected by contact with either alcohol or tobacco, and more especially during youth.

A few of the most important effects are:

The nervous system becomes unsteady, the muscles weak and involuntary, the limbs fatigued, the oil glands cease to supply the joints with the necessary lubricator to enable the bones to move actively, the mind becomes dark on all intellectual subjects and craves to be in company with vice and sin;

the conscience obstinate and as hard as stone, and fails to give reproof for evil deeds;

the person prowls around the streets at night and is fearful of coming out in broad daylight and meeting his friends;

if he cannot be in the company of the vilest and most corrupt men to be found, he will seek to be alone, at any rate he will never be satisfied with the companionship of good and honest people;

a thrill will shake his very soul on passing a church and hearing the songs of praise raised to God by Zion's pure daughters;

after each indulgence, for a certain length of time, he will shrug his shoulders and blush with shame for kneeling in the dust and kissing his Master's feet once more;

the human organism is both mentally and physically stunted and the last and possibly most dangerous effect of all is that the Spirit of God seeks another home and leaves the depraved being within the deadly grasp of Lucifer.

The principal disease brought on by excessive drinking is that known as heart disease.

The physiological explanation of this is very simple.

Alcohol has the peculiar power of changing the muscular tissues into fat, and as the heart is necessarily surrounded by a mass of muscular tissue, this part will, naturally, be the first to be effected.

When this muscular tissue has undergone the change, the heart is not only weakened by the loss of this much strength, but it no longer has room to operate; thus it is entirely clogged, its work is stopped and death is the result.

Figures tell some wondrous tales.

Let us see what use we can make of them on this occasion:

We would be underrating the true condition of affairs if we place the average at two glasses of liquor and two packets of cigarettes per day consumed by the ordinary user, but at this low average (excluding the many "treats"the boys are obliged to offer and accept) a victim beginning at ten years of age if he lives to the age of forty will have expended two thousand one hundred and thirty-one dollars and forty cents in taking his life.

Now is this not extremely extravagant?

I think it is.

The sum would have gained for him a fair education and kept him in quite comfortable circumstances for several years.

Nearly four thousand bushels of wheat could be purchased with this sum, or one hundred thousand pounds of flour, which would support an average family in extravagance until the drunken husband would be saved, which would probably be a long time.

It is said that a very elderly lady, whose chief failing was that of smoking, after having finished her career upon the earth, went to the gates of heaven and asked permission to enter.

The books were searched for her name but in vain, and she was informed that her name was not to be found.

She could not understand this, saying that she had tried to

[«).

./ MUNICIPAL SENSATION.

keep the commands of God while upon the earth.

After spending some time in another search, the lady's name was finally discovered, but it was so obscured by smoke that the name could hardly be deciphered.

Utah stands at the head of all of the states of the Union in some things and among the principal states in many directions;

but how many are proud to be able to say that we live in what will very soon be a state which uses more tobacco (according to the numbers) than any other state in the Union?

It has been said that the statistics of the territory, too lengthy to read, show that the production of wheat from all of the farms in Utah does not equal the cost of the liquor and tobacco imported into the Territory.

Now is not this a sad state of affairs?

How can we as a people, expect the blessings of the Lord to be poured out very extensively upon us when the sons of Zion indulge so unhesitatingly in these evils.

I implore the young men and young ladies of this ward as members of the Mutual Improvement Association, to labor unceasingly with our friends and young brothers, even the chosen sons of God who were staunch and steadfast on the other side of the veil and have been permitted to come upon the earth in this glorious time, to abstain from these evils so that we may be able to truthfully assert on our death beds that our bodies are not tainted with alcohol or tobacco.

These my dear friends are some of the reasons why I should not use tobacco or alcoholic liquors.

LeRoie C. Snow.

A MUNICIPAL SENSATION.

UTAH TERRITORIAL FAIR PRIZE ARTICLE.

"I'm paying dear enough for that ton of coal,"said Hendrick Avery in an exasperated tone, letting the scrim curtain, which he was holdingback, swing into place with a swish.

"I'd rather have paid twice over for it in cash, though, than to have had that sunflower tree destroyed!"

He was standing at the kitchen window watching the driver back his big coal wagon out of the yard—its uncertain gyrations mowing down a tall sunflower "tree,"that waved a score of brown-cored, yellow-rayed suns to light his dooryard;

the sooty Jehu accompanying the performance of his double feat with numberless sulphur-savored imprecations.

As the team finally meandered bickward through the lane and into the street, Hendrick went out and handed the man the signed receipt for the coal, then went round to the coal-shed door and looked in.

"There's no more a ton of coal there, than there's a ton of me,"he exclaimed decisively, pushing the shed door to with a bang.

"Unscreened I guess so!"looking in once more at the scant load of lumps mixed plentifully with coal dust—and calling to mind the word in pink letters printed with the company's patent stamp in the corner of the coal order.

"I'd give just about all I'm worth,"he said to his wife, as he went indoors, "if we can fix up some scheme to be independent of those coal fellows When a man has to pay double the value of a ton of coal to keep from freezing; go on his knees to the coal company to get it at that and take whatever kind they've a mind to give into the bargain, it's time for the citizens to make some stand for their rights.

It aint as if there wasn't plenty of coal that's the farce of it We've got fuel enough in our mountains here to

A MUNICIPAL SENSATION

supply the whole country for centuries to come;

material stored up there in the hills, through God's wise beneficence for the use of all His children—a gift, too, that by its very nature ought to be as free as the air or sunshine.

But because some man, or set of men, happen to have a little more money than their fellows, they set to work to buy up nature's wealth—and speculate with it for selfish ends at the expense of their brothers!

Why—if you only think about it—they might just as well take a lease on the atmosphere and sunlight, and dole it out at so much per pound or yard;

its precisely the same principle!

Such things are a farce on reason as well as justice;

and I shouldn't wonder if a few more experiences like this coal famine will make people see it in a right light.

It was the winter of '93, and the panic wrought by the ''coal scarcity'proclamation, on the part of the companies and dealers in Salt Lake, had affected the smaller towns and settlements in the Territory, as well as the metropolis.

In M, where Hendrick Avery lived, the people were practically dependent upon the

Copeland corporation—a company operating the principal coal mine in the vicinity—and the high prices and strict monetary regulations recently instituted had caused much destitution.

The majority of people, suffering under the general money stringency, and finding it impossible to obtain time on payments, were obliged either to do without fuel, or to purchase at retail of small dealers, the extra price charged on the smaller quantities making the expense of a ton, in the end, almost double the usual rate.

Hendrick, sore from the knowledge of actual suffering in the city, and individual grievances against the local company coming to him through various channels, had little patience left for personal wrongs; and today's experience helped to strengthen his determination for the accomplishment of some means of redress and relief for the future.

A pet scheme which had for sometime been evolving in his mind, was to have the city purchase either a new or old claim in the near coal regions, and operate its own mines for the benefit of itself and the people.

Close figuring had deduced the facts that the article could be sold for a little more than one third of the price charged by the present companies, and still furnish sufficient profit to the municipality to cancel in a short time the cost of purchase;

providing, too, a new source of revenue for the future which would aid materially in replenishing the city's meagre treasury.

Aside from any mere personal incentive it had come to him with ever-increasing clearness, of late, that the profits accruing from the operation of this important natural industry were, by right, better diverted to a channel which would subserve the interests of the entire community than of the few in whose keeping they now rested; and he determined to leave no stone unturned in trying to have the responsible care relegated to more impartial hands.

He was a member of the city council, and that night went down to his seat in the chamber full of the ardor of his projected scheme.

He felt fairly confident from the experience through which the townspeople had passed and were passing, that a fair support would be accorded the measure by the majority of the council;

his only fear of opposition lying in the expected stand of a few of the members whose interests were connected, directly or indirectly, with the interests of the corporation.

Copeland, president of the "Copeland

Coal Company"was in the council, and he and his following could of course be counted upon to attempt the defeat of the motion.

His position was too clearly defined, however, to cause Hendrick much doubt as to his influence against the

./ ML Nil TPAL SENSATION.

nieasurc; and he could therefore feel almost confident of carrying it to success.

The absence of four or five men from the session whom he had counted upon to assist him in arguing and voting for the measure, disappointed but did not disconcert him; and the litttle spurt of applause which greeted his motion for a consideration of his plan justified his anticipation of its popularity and favor.

But the confidence was shortlived.

No sooner had the echo of the gavel which had peremtorily stopped the unusual demonstration died out, than Charlton—one of the Copeland "following"—was on his feet with a speech of scathing denunciation.

"We have all been aware, 'he said in conclusion, "of a scheme which has for some time been apparent upon the part of a small minority of our numbers to turn this council into a legislative committee for the furtherance of

Populistic doctrines by the enactment of some of that party's pet schemes.

Those efforts might enjoy some measure of excuse, were they made by persons bearing the open credentials of the organization for which they would seem to work;

but when exhibited upon the part of a member whose place in this chamber is due to the influence and aid of a diametrically opposed organization "Politics!"interrupted a member.

uses his position to try to enforce upon the public under the guise of impartial municipal legislation the visionary doctrines of an alien political creed—his propositions should by right be denied a hearing or support in the council!""That's right!"exclaimed a second member.

"Order!"came the command of the gavel;—with but.

little effect, however, in the ensuing short interval of sharp thrust and parry which occurred between the speaker and others of the members.

As Charlton, red-faced and angrv, took his seat, Hendrick rose quickly to his feet, and was instantly recognized by the chair.

lie answered Charlton's hint as to his upholding rival party doctrines with a few words.

"I didn't know this council was elected to argue or vote for or against any measure on political or partisan principles,"he said.

"I came here tonight to try and get a bill through for the relief of the people who are enduring an unjust taxation levied on the part of the coal corporations "I shall submit to no such personalities!"said Copeland hotly from his seat.

"The only personalities indulged in have been by the opposing side,"said Hendrick with equal warmth.

"I'm talking about the system of unreasonable prices set up by the coal corporations throughout the country—and my remarks have reference to the general policy, and that alone.

If personal umbrage is taken at the discussion of a question which affects the interest of the entire public it will be because the facts have individual application!"Having thus disposed of Copeland's only chance for interruption Hendrick went to his argument.

Detailing figures which he had carefully drawn from estimates of cost of property, mining, freight, etc., he clearly exhibited the fallacy of countenancing a policy of legal extortion instituted solely to individual gain: of contributing to the dividends of a few stockholders that which might be rightfully deducted for the collective interest of the people, and of yielding to private companies profits which might redound more justly to the benefits of the entire municipality;—setting forth the apparent advisability—under such an array of facts—of the city's adopting a remedial measure for the present public grievance in the purchase and operation of its own coal mines.

Able and clear-pointed as was his

A MUNICIPAL SENSATION.

speech the effect was not such as might have been expected, from its cool and forcible logic.

Charlton's stroke, in fact, had had its effect; his allusion to party putting many of the members on the off side, who would otherwise have voted Hendrick's motion; and when the question was put, Avery found the measure defeated by a surprising majority of votes.

He could hardly credit the result in view of existing circumstances, and the recent universal excoriation of the local companies by the townspeople.

The question of expense, which he had anticipated as the only serious stumbling-block in his way, had not been mentioned, making the matter a still greater puzzle.

On his way home, Hendrick was joined by Craig Trainor—a young member who had been elected councilman on the Republican ticket two years since, and whose recent opposition to the granting of a fifteen years'franchise to a street railway company applying for privileges in the town—on much the same line of argument as that offered by Hendrick for his city coal scheme—placed him somewhat in the same box with Avery.

His aggressive stand against the plea had resulted in the cutting down of the grant to five years—an instance included in Charlton's sneering allusion—and his own hardly fought battle, though crowned with virtual success made him sympathize with Hendrick's defeat.

"That was a clever move of Charlton's,"he said to Hendrick, as they walked homeward in the crisp October night.

"His side couldn't have hit on anything else that would have saved them.""I guess,"replied Hendrick, "that after all, there's providence in the existing order of things.

I shouldn't wonder if the Almighty designed to have affairs run along on this system of trade-feudalism to see how long the over-smart people in this world will let themselves be hoodwinked.

Why there's not a half dozen men in the whole council that haven't a private grievance against the Copeland corporation to say nothing ol the general complaint of high prices.

A dozen of them at least have been talking 'remedy'and 'independence'to me for the last two weeks; and now when the thing has been brought to an issue, the whole set have joined together and defeated the only practical chance of relief.""Outside of Copeland's set, the members were all. ripe for the measure,"said Trainor.

"It was Charlton's 'Populist'bomb that paralyzed them.

If he'd happened to have worked it in the street railway fight, I suppose the result would have been about the same.

It's the name they're afraid of.""I guess you're about right.

That's why I say there's probably a providence in it.

It's the only theory that explains the official negligence of the fool-killer.""I'd like to see the bill go through,"said Trainor, "and I shouldn't wonder if it will be adopted before the winter's over.

The term is not long now before the election, and it wouldn't surprise me if the next council would be ready to push the scheme.""I tell you what it is,"said Hendrick, pausing at his gate and bringing his hand down upon its broad post with earnest force, "if we are ever going to set ourselves free from these needless burdens imposed on us, we've got to make our purpose into a principle, and work for its success!

If we want to have the next council pass sensible measures of economy and relief for the town and the people, we've got to see that men are elected who are willing to do it.

We can't trust to haphazard in municipal questions any more than we can in national ones.

It's a question of building a platform and finding men who will stand on it.

"I'm ready to go into the next

iofi./ Ml XICIPAL SENS. IT[OX.

campaign with just that motto,"said

Trainor, "and if the city don't own and operate its coal mines before next fall, it shan't be because it's not made a prominent issue.

There are enough of us interested now, to carry the proposition to the front, and with a little effort, I believe we can work up a good vote.

We can count at first hand on the Populists "Bless 'em, so we can!"said Hendrick.

"I say, Avery,"remarked Craig dubiously, "you're not "No,"said Avery, "I'm not.

Hut I'll say this:

if the rest of the Populist doctrines have got as much good meat in 'em as their proposition for the city's ownership of its chief profit-paying concerns and industries—the quicker we adopt 'em into our party platform the better!"There was work enough for the promoters of the new movement before the election.

The proposition had resolved itself into an independent citizens'ticket, and, though there was a warm sentiment in the community for the city coal scheme, the majority of voters were for trusting the issue to chance success, rather than break from individual party tickets.

A fair number from both the older political organizations, however, rallied round the "municipal progress and financial reform"standard, and with the aid of the Populists taken for granted, the movers in the matter felt confident of success.

A snag, however, was found to exist in their prospect of securing the third party support.

Hendrick Avery and Trainor who approached the chairman of the local organization found that the latter was firmly decided for a strict party campaign-a policy which he assured them was made even more strenuous since the inception of the citizens'movement.

"There's nothing in your platform that we haven't been proclaiming for the last two years,"he said, "and if you want to see your pet measure carried through you haveonly to vote our ticket.""There's just this difference, Mr.

Rodson, in your joining with us,"said Trainor.

"In our platform you don't subscribe to anything you can't sustain. On the other hand—

"There's really nothing important on the other hand,"interrupted Rodson, "with the views you already entertain.

Every argument you advanced for the street railway and coal propositions, is true of the water and lighting systems and in fact of any of the great public concerns.

In giving any of them into the control of private individuals the city deprives itself of an important source of revenue—taking in taxes from the people the supply of funds which might thereby be drawn from public industries.

It's the only way to settle the question of high taxes, now that the city's in debt.

You'll agree to that.

And as long as you realize the importance of the city's having the ownership of its public highways—it's only a step further to our nationalization scheme.""By George!

You're right!"exclaimed Hendrick.

"I never thought abouc that before.""The present situation is just this,"said Trainor. "You want to see certain principles put into practice.

You agree that your party is too small here to accomplish this by standing alone.

In joining with us you get more than you have any chance for, by standing out for a party vote.""You've only to turn that application round, Mr.

Trainor,"said Rodson earnestly, "to have our answer to your proposition in a nutshell.

The question is vital with us now, and especially in this local issue—to preserve the identity of our party through individual action for our principles.

For the last two years we've been fighting for measures that you people are recognizing now for the first time.

We've

A MUNICIPAL SENSATION.

been a nonentity till now that our votes are wanted;

and we can't afford to let your 'independent'movement reap the benefit of all our 'thunder.'""But I don't see,"commenced Trainor.

"You're a Republican, aint you?"demanded Rodson.

"Well, if there wasn't any 'citizens'movement,'and the Democrats put the city coal plank into their platform, you'd vote the ticket, wouldn't you?""I guess so,"assented Trainor.

"Well so would all the rest of the 'independents.'They won't do it for us, though.

They're afraid of the name.

Trainor looked thoughtful.

"Mr.

Rodson,"said Hendrick, "there's a meeting of our fellows tonight;

and I promise you that Trainor and I will see what we can do towards making the rest of them see your side of the proposition."

When the Independent Citizens met that night, Trainor laid the matter before them with a great deal of eloquence.

It was a question, as matters now stood, of giving up the contest or joining forces under the Populist banner; and the stake was too dear to him now, and he believed also to the others, to yield it without a struggle.

Hendrick, who saw the point in dazzling light, aided his friend's arguments with his usual sledge-hammer logic.

"What we want and are after in this campaign is cheaper coal; and our only chance, now, is to vote with the people who will carry out our programme, regardless of political nomenclature.

The proposition raised a storm of discussion.

After a long evening spent in a wordy battle between the opposing sides, a vote was taken upon Trainor's motion, and the question was overwhelmingly downed.

"Of course it's a puzzle, all things considered,"said Hendrick after it was over—talking with one of the jnen who had favored the scheme, "but it fits into a theory I've been evolving lately from a series of evidences at hand that it's just a case of a curious providence experimenting for a purpose!"The proceedings of the meeting of course could not be kept secret;

and the story of the "Great Independent Fluke"was heralded in the local press the next day with columns of diatribe and witty invective;

the original promoters of the movement furnishing subject for a greater part of the scathing literary animadversion.

Trainor was the chief target—his speech advising the "Populist bolt,"making him a conspicuous personage amongst the so-called traitors.

The direct evidence of the influence of the attack was an increased chilliness in the greetings and friendship of the Copeland faction;

the temperature having gradually lowered at successive stages of the campaign.

Copeland himself was too wise to risk his dignity by an outward show ofspleen, but others of his followers were less squeamish.

His son, young Harry Copeland, in particular, made his resentment agressively evident;

though there were matters of a more tender nature, perhaps, which divided his motive.

His cousin, Claire Lancy, whose home was with his father, had been, during the past six months, the object of both his own and Craig Trainor's attentions; and it was surmised by many that the stand taken by Trainor against the interests of the Copeland corporation, was a grateful outlet to the angry feelings of the younger Copeland, for exasperating evidences of a certain feminine partiality shown for his rival.

However true these surmises might have been, certain it was, that the long-strained cordiality between the two men suffered sudden and decided rupture after Trainor's political digression.

What to Trainor was of real im-

io8./ MI'MCII'AL SI-l.XSATION portance, however, was the stand which the young lady to whom he had been devoting considerable of his time and thought, might take in the matter;

but as she had left M a month previous, to continue her musical studies in New York during the winter, he was destined to remain for a period in doubt.

After the election, which accomplished the defeat of the independent movement, Hendrick Avery, Craig Trainor and one or two of the chief supporters of the new coal measure, formed themselves into a company and subscribed capital for the purchase and operating of coal mines in the vicinity of M.

Hendrick was not one to bear defeat patiently at any time, and especially in such an instance as the present, which to his mind involved a question of principle.

The plan was to endeavor to furnish coal to the people for at least a third less than the current prices, a plan, which with proper support would be ultimately carried out.

An excellent claim in the coal regions of Onyx which after two years'operations had lain dormant for lack of capital, was purchased by the new company at a fair price and vigorous work was at once commenced on the property.

The latter was opposite the Copeland claim on the same ridge—the tract joining the extreme limits of the Copeland section on the west side.

The preliminary steps to the purchase were made quietly, and not till the transfer of deeds was about to be made, did the Copeland company become aware of the transaction.

Then an open effort was made to defeat the project.

Pending the transfer of titles a high bid was made by the other company for the property—a scheme which was at once crushed by both the new and old owners.

The purchase of the property had been in reality at the option of the Copelands during the past two years—an opportunity which for some mysterious reason they had persistently rejected;

a mortgage which they had lately assumed on the claim being ot too recent date to explain the neglect of their apparent interest—as evidenced both by tinvalue of the mine and its contiguity to their present claim.

Now that they were ready to respond it was too late, and they could onl) abide the consequences of their mismanagement.

Work was at once commenced by the new company, and by the following summer the mine was in comparatively good running order.

The citizens of M, appreciating the efforts in behalf of their interests, had lent hearty support and patronage to the enterprise, and prospects were eminently fair for its eventual success.

Craig Trainor, who had graduated high in his class in civil engineering, had been employed as superintendent, and was now busy with the task of constructing a pair of air gates for the entrance to the mine, to shut off the draught in case of fire.

He had been absent from the mine, attending to business in Salt Lake for a fewdays, and had just returned to Onyx on the afternoon train.

On his way to his boarding house he was accosted by Jake Casey, an ill-favored individual whom he recognized as a disreputable ex-pugilist, who for some time past had been employed at Copeland Company mines.

His motive in addressing Trainor, as it transpired, was to ask for a "job"—which he did with a bluff manner, somewhat at variance with his maudlin tone, breath and expression.

"What's the matter at Copeland's?"asked Craig;

"I thought you were there.

"I've been turned out!"said Jake, accompanying the explanation with a strong oath.

''They tried to make out it was drink, but there's more at the bottom of it than that.

I know too much!

That's the trouble!

It's something that concerns your company up there'too, and if you want the secret, it sha'n't cost you more'n a

A MUNICIPAL SENSATION.

hundred or so at most, though you'll find it's worth thousands to the company."Trainor started on.

"Say!"exclaimed Jake, following a few steps.

"I reckon we haven't any deal to make with you,"said Trainor over his shoulder.

The man sent a fierce anathema after him under his breath, and after pausing irresolutely a moment lurched on his unsteady way.

A surprise was in store for Craig upon reaching the hotel, consisting in the unexpected and welcome presence there of Miss Claire Lancy.

She had come down the day previously from M, having returned there during Trainor's absence in Salt Lake, bringing with her a friend—Mrs. Marell who had accompanied her from New York.

The altitude of Onyx—the little village near which the mines were located, and the picturesque surroundings made the spot a pleasant summer resort;

and Claire, to whom the place was familiar from former frequent visits with the Copelands, had brought her friend down for the benefit of the bracing air.

To Trainor's intense relief Claire's friendly attitude remained unchanged and his new-found peace of mind combined with the charm of her presence made the day one of unalloyed happiness.

As both of the Copelands were absent in M the association was spared such constraint as might have been effected by their presence—the relationship warranting some little expectation of side taking.

As it was the three spent an enjoyable time.

On the day after his arrival—both ladies having accepted his invitation to visit the new mine, Craig, after dinner, had a two-seated cart brought round and drove them up the mountain, to the company's claim. A rough ride it was over the boulder-blocked road, but repaid by the scenery of the vicinity.

On either side of their way were the mountains, brave in their greenery of sturdy trees and shrubs, the soft aesthetic exterior giving no hint of the material store of precious fuel packed away in the depths of the unconscious-looking hills.

Arrived at the entrance to the tunnel, they stood for some time watching the tram-cars rolled out from inner depths of the hill, loaded with their crisp, onyx-gleaming blocks chipped fresh from the smooth, dark walls encasing the subterranean roadway cut into the mountain.

To Mrs.

Marell the experience was delightful from its novelty, and to appease her curiosity the little party penetrated to the extreme limit of the mine—the main tunnel having been cut into the mountain for a considerable distance.

On their way through the dark, cool passage, they met more of the tramcars—the bright lumps with which they were loaded, gleaming in the soft, dim rays of the candles stuck in the men's caps.

Cooler and darker it grew as they went on, and still the black hole yawned out before them.

Two side tunnels had been commenced, and in the eastern one the most of the men were a1 work;

the smaller one on the west—commenced by the former owners but a short time before the sale, being reserved for future operations.

Reaching the end of the main tunnel at length, Trainor improvised seats for the ladies with crossed picks and shovels, while they waited for the return of one of the cars—promising them the novel experience of a tramcar journey through the mine.

As they waited, Trainor suddenly became conscious of a strong odor of smoke penetrating the dim vault.

It came from the direction of the entrance—borne clearly on the strong, unimpeded current of air.

Presently there was a commotion ahead of them and Trainor ran forward to find out the cause.

The tunnel along towards the front was by this time filled with smoke, and the men had rushed out of the east cut where they were at work, loudly shouting "fire."In the distance

1 IO./ mi xicir.

I/.

.VA.Y.V.

/ T/OX.

Trainor could hear the men dropping their implements and scurrying towards the entrance.

Hastening back, Craig found Claire trying to soothe her friend whose weak nerves, alarmed at the noise and the smoke which now reached them in strong fumes, had produced a faintness which threatened to overcome her.

Supporting her between them, Trainor and Claire began hurriedly to retrace their way along the tunnel.

Believing that the smoke was the result perhaps of a fire in the sheds outside the entrance, which might be easily extinguished, Trainor as yet felt little alarm.

As they made their way further towards the entrance, however, the smoke, which began to be suffocating, was seasoned with a heat which Trainor feared could hardly proceed from outside the tunnel.

Claire, who till now had borne herself with extreme fortitude, all at once gave way, unable to endure the suffocating smoke and heat.

Sensing the hopelessness of his situation with both his charges helpless, Trainor left them with their faces sheltered in their light wraps, and ran forward, hoping that an empty car might have been left standing by the men in their mad rush for the entrance.

Proceeding a short distance he stopped suddenly, gasping for breath.

The way in front was a dense pit of choking, flame-seared smoke into which he could neither see nor penetrate.

By this time thoroughly alarmed, Craig shouted to the men who might be within hearing—trusting that measures would be taken for their relief.

They must know for a certainty that the party were still inside, and unless the danger were great indeed, he felt confident that an effort would be made for their rescue.

In view of the hopelessness of piercing through the smoke and flames, Trainor, going back and taking Mrs.

Marell, who was the more lifeless of the two frightened women, in his arms, led the way back to the end of the tunnel where the smoke, though present, had not the dread, stifling heat which reached them near the entrance.

They took refuge in ihe further cross-cut on the west, the sheltered spot offering some little refuge from the main tunnel, whose draught, lacking the air-gate, sucked the smoke past them in a swift current.

Brief respite it was to be, however, with the black fumes curdling and spreading to every cranny!

Desperate in his sense ot helplessness, Trainor listened for some sound that might tell of an effort for their rescue.

Surely they would not let them perish without an attempt!

There was but one excuse so far—that they were perhaps fighting the flames outside, hoping to bring relief to these inside the tunnel by overcoming the fire.

It indeed seemed a perilous task for an entrance to be made through the smoke and heat—his own experience had proved this.

The thought brought him suddenly to the first full realization of the meaning of their situation.

Mrs. Marell was happily oblivious to the impending doom—having succumbed to the long threatened swoon;

and with Claire's hand clasped in his own, Trainor felt capable of exercising a philosophy which might not have upheld him under other conditions.

They were all slowly yielding to the gradual numb stupor which comes with first stages of asphyxiation, and Trainor under its spell felt the dread and anxiety, and other elements of his realization of the surroundings, slipping slowly from his mind's grasp.

Suddenly, however, he became conscious through his dulled senses, of a sound of heavy blows making their reverberations surprisingly near at hand.

It was at the rear of the short tunnel in which they had taken refuge, and for a moment Trainor could not credit his suddenly aroused

A MUNICIPAL SENSATION.

senses, knowing that the rear wall was the mountain, which at this side had been penetrated to only about a fourth of the distance covered by the company's title.

The sound was steady, however, and presently rousing himself with an effort from his lethargy, Trainor raised his voice and shouted.

The reply which came was in the elder Copeland's voice—and after a short interval of hard knocking the wall of coal at the end of the side cut gave way and in a few moments the helpless trio were borne into a "coal chamber"beyond, its black walls which were propped with beams, showing dimly in the light of the candles held by the three men who had come to their rescue.

Through a narrow way leading from this "chamber"they went, presently emerging into the cool draught of an open tunnel.

Trainor, in some measure revived by the cool air, looked about him in amazement.

Then, through his dulled senses flashed the sudden perception of it all.

They were in the Copeland mine—and the chamber and side tunnel opening from the rear of the cross-cut in the opposite mine overlapped three-fourths of his own company's claim!

It was not long before the scandal leaked out, though Copeland's ready transfer of the deeds of the Copeland property to the injured mine owners as well as his voluntary sacrifice of his reputation in saving the lives of the three imprisoned in the burning mine—made them disposed to be lenient, so far as publicity went.

But after the fire had smouldered down in the other mine—taking by the way two weeks for the operation, the coal having become ignited for a considerable distance "under ground"—the hole in the wall of the west "cut"told the story, and it soon became bruited about.

Discovery of course was inevitable in time, the mystery being that the fraud had been so long concealed, but only chance had made the timely discovery—luck having so far favored the concealment and success of the enterprise in a marvelous way.

Only the unthought-of boldness of the move had screened it from discovery—the miners themselves being seemingly blind to the deception.

There were rumors that the work in the east tunnel or "chamber"had been entrusted to well-paid hands, though this could not be verified.

Jake Casey alone had given hint of a knowledge of the trick, but that evidence was so meagre and unreliable that it could not be taken for fact.

The manipulators had evidently worked upon the conviction of saving themselves by purchase when it became necessary the mortgage latterly giving them increased confidence—a first motive for the entire scheme consisting in the evidence of the "played out"section on the further side, covering the greater part of their own claim.

The sudden purchase of the rival company had brought an unexpected climax—the sensational fire scene bringing a swift and impromptu denouement.

The fire had been started in a mysterious and sudden manner in the sheds, rapidly igniting the coal walls for a distance of fifteen or twenty yards on each side the tunnel and making a wall of lining flame across the entrance through which it was impossible to penetrate.

The only thing which could explain the strange happening was that the walls had been prepared with some inflammable substance, powder or liquid, causing them to suddenly ignite with the heat from the burning sheds their own combustibility completing the carefully planned work.

From inquiries Trainor learned that Jake Casey had been loafing about the sheds the night before, and drew his conclusions, which were to some degree justified by the sudden disappearance of the man from the locality during the excitement.

I 12 / Ml MCI I'll. SHNSATION During the time in which the fire still smouldered in the other mine, the Copelands, after having the affair satisfactorily settled up, disposed of their possessions in M and left the scene of their disgrace forever.

Claire Lancy, however, did not accompany them.

Mrs.

Marell who did not soon recover from the effects of her fright, believing the mountain air helpful to overcome her nervous attacks, decided to remain in

Onyx for the winter, and Claire upon whom she was in a measure dependent, having no near relatives from whom she might claim care or ministration, gave her consent also to remain.

Hendrick Avery's new house which he was building at Onyx was just completed, and in Mrs. Avery's genial home and hospitality they found genuine home comfort and content.

Summer and autumn passed with their bright days and brave coloring of hillside forests and valley lawns and fields, bringing the cold, crisp, delightful winter of the high altitudes.

About the little village on all hands, the mountains reared their whitedraped forms, only the snow-furred branches of the evergreen peeping here and there, keeping the thought of summer's verdancy alive in the chilled hill-bosoms.

Christmas was come, and on its night the many windows of Hendrick

Avery's large house were blazing with lights, making it a conspicuous mark in the little village.

Inside, the guest-thronged rooms were brilliant with gas jets and broadscreened lamps, the latter softly luminant in ivory-white shades of silk and tissue, placed on stands in corners against a background of evergreen branches.

The great, roomy hall, with its broad staircase was banked with tall evergreens, their tops touching the festoons of holly which made a frieze for the high walls and ceiling.

In the parlor the green was less luxuriant—fern-like branches or tufts of evergreens making only a splash of color here and there amidst the prevailing white drapings and decorations.

The deep window at the front, however, had been converted into an evergreen bower—two tall trees standing at each outer corner and a trellis of branches overhead making an arch through which showed glimpses of a white-flowered space within.

The flowers used were a striking contrast to the sturdy evergreens, being those frail, tropical blooms known as brideflowers.

The secret of the strange selection was explained, however, when Claire

Lancy, arrayed in bridal robe and veil, and leaning on Hendrick Avery's arm, entered the room, followed by Craig Trainor with Mrs.

Marell—the two young people immediately joining hands under the evergreen and orange-blossom arch of the window where their responses to a certain important ceremony made them man and wife.

After the event of the evening had transpired the guests gave themselves heart and soul to a spirit of genuine Christmas glee and enjoyment, making the event a time-mark on the record of days devoted to the practical exercise of "peace and good will on earth."Some time during the evening, Avery, catching Trainor alone for an instant in the corner, and shaking hands with him again for the twentieth time, whispered in his ear:

"I've just told the bride that one of the best wishes I could make for her future is that she may exercise the political franchise which will soon be hers in the interests of the third party!""What!"said Trainor.

"Yes,"said Hendrick chuckling at Craig's blank look.

"By the way,"he continued, "Prindle told me last night that the council will make us an offer for our coal property, after the holidays.

They want the mines for the city.

IMA GINA TION

'S CONTROL "3 "You don't mean it!""He says a measure to that effect will be passed the first week in January.""What do you think of the mine proposition?"queried Trainor, curiously.

"Well, I don't see how you fellows could hold out against it after all our 'to-do'last fall.

Anyway it may go, though, of course I'm out of it.""How's that?"asked Trainor.

"A question of party principles!"answered Hendrick with a smile.

Josephine Spencer.

IMAGINATION'S CONTROL.

As out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh, so out of the abundance of that same heart the mind thinketh.

The seed of our lives is sown in our thoughts, it bears fruit in our words and acts.

It is a sin to dream away our lives but some little day-dreaming is not without its benefits.

Some few men think logically;

they reason from cause to effect, or from effect to cause; but far more think in pictures, reason by comparison, and work out mental problems by and through imagination.

How much this imagination fashions the story of our lives, gives tone and color to our habits, and force to our energies depends largely on our varied temperaments;

but with all it has an influence more or less marked.

There can be no doubt that thoughts precede acts;

as we think so we do.

The spirit directs the body; a spirit that has permitted itself to become defiled with evil thoughts will, if some other stronger influence or motive does not interfere, lead the body into evil actions.

He who thinks nobly acts nobly,—if his standard of nobility be a true one.

A perversion or misconception of this ideal, however, leads to dire disaster.

The youth whose mental "branches run over the wall"among the precipices of quixotism or who, worse still, mistakes bloodthirstiness for courage, braggadocio for manliness, or vanity for self-respect, is apt to make a shipwreck on the ocean of existence, or land his bark on some unexpected shore far away from the intended haven.

Many of us are in the condition of the uncivilized who can be better taught by pictures than by words.

Strong reasons will not reach us, but appeals to the eye will.

Those thus situated will naturally think by the most easy methods,—most easy because congenial—most congenial because most natural, that is, most natural to them.

So when a truth has to be impressed on their minds it has to be done by an example rather than by logic.

Their thoughts generally run by examples; in these thoughts they generally are the great examples themselves, the heroes of their own imaginations; heroes, it may be said, made to order, and it is therefore altogether desirable that these heroes should be of the right stuff.

It is far better that this personification should be a duplicate of Paul the Apostle, Joseph Smith, Orson Pratt, Sir Isaac Newton, Benjamin Disraeli, John Howard or William Penn, than a second edition of Captain Kidd, Don Juan, Jack Shepherd, Tom Sayers, or even Lord Chesterfield.

If think we must in this direction, it is much better to think of doing right than of doing wrong, of being virtuous, honest, truthful and pure, than being coarse, low, brutal, false and impure.

If our thoughts run on ways and means of building up the Kingdom of God, and we picture to ourselves the methods of doing it, and ourselves as performing the work, we are much more likely to do something in that direction than if we let our fancies run riot in all manner of improper ways, or dwell only on the gratification of our own pleasures and appetites.

But the objects of life are not ful-

ii4 COL L EGE DEPAR TMENT.

filled in thought, fancy or imagination; words and deeds must follow or they are useless.

"Hell is paved with good resolutions"not carried out; and resolutions and intentions, determinations and imaginations, like faith are dead, without works, and for the same reason—they accomplish nothing, they never bear fruit.

G. R.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

THE ORIGIN OF GOVERNMENT.

A PRELIMINARY question, formerly of vast theoretical importance, would be, "What is the origin of government?'As a question of historical fact it demands tor its solution a knowledge of the whole past of the human race.

The question then must be settled by history, not conjecture.

For its answer we must seek amidst such bits as remain to us of the history of early institutions.

Facts have reached us from that early time in fragments, some having been revealed only by inference.

These facts have been rounded into a definite shape by sagacious scholars, in the same manner as skeletons have been reared by inspired naturalists, who had only a fossil joint or two upon which to build.

These fossils have been sealed up in rocks, and through investigation have revealed past wonders to us.

The same is true with primitive institutions, as with primitive animals.

Surviving law or custom, ancient bits of history, and crystallized savage tribes, are some of the fossils upon which the skeleton of early government is reared.

True, this is a perplexing way of reconstructing history, but patient investigation is richly repaid.

The Aryan is the chief race to be studied in order to trace the early development, as the main stocks of European forms of government are Aryan.

It is their practice we wish principally to know.

History sets forth clearly the fact that among the central nations, social organization originated in kinship.

If this be true with social organization, it is equally true with government, for government is the visible form of social organization.

As blood relationship was the bond of union which held these people ( Aryans) together, it is safe to say that the families were primitive states.

We then may consider the state of today the family enlarged.

The origin of government is, then, connected with the early history of the family.

As to the origin of the family, however, there is some difference of opinion.

It is held by some that the patriarchal family was the original one by others that it was not original but derived.

Which of these two views is the correct one?

It is true that the patriarchal family did and does now exist in some form of development in almost every nation, therefore the question is, "Was it original?

What proofs can we produce to uphold the view?'To answer this, let us turn our attention to India.

Since this country (India) has been under Victoria's rule, many learned people have gone there as officers, soldiers, or citizens.

They have an excellent opportunity of observing the habits of the natives, and from what they have discovered by study and observation, they have arrived at the conclusion that these people retain many of their most primitive customs and manners.

They did not advance in civilization and their institutions became as it were, crystallized.

"In the caste system of India much of the most ancient law of the race, many of its most rudimentary conceptions of social relationships have stuck fast, caught in the crust ofimmemorial observance."

Among this unprogres-

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

sive people, the patriarchal family is looked upon as the family in its original form.

"Ancient Irish law says of the social organization among Aryan Celts, that the patriarchal family was the first political unit of the race."Roman law had its descent from the time when the father of the family ruled as the king and high priest of his little state.

Even the most ignorant ofthese belated peoples believe they descended from a common male ancestor.

These proofs are probably sufficient to establish the fact that the patriarchal family was the original one.

Let us now trace the development of this family.

It is first ruled by the father as king and priest.

His power is absolute.

His children may grow up and have families, but the only civil rights they possess are those which he pleases to grant them.

Their lives, the lives of their families, and all they possess are subiect to his will.

This family in time enlarges, and develops into the House or ''gens, with the head kinsman still in power.

The House finally follow the example of the family, and unite into tribes, still with the chieftain in power.

The uniting of the tribes is the last step in the family's development, and when this occurs we have the state of ancient times.

As centuries separate us from this event we must not think the ancient state bore much resemblance to the state of today.

The early state was the early people.

In those bygone days, they had no idea of being limited to a certain land.

The state was a traveling political organization, without territorial boundaries.

They fished along certain rivers, tended their flocks in familiar valleys, and camped in familiar spots, but were never identified with any particular territory.

By looking back to the fifth century of our own era we may see this illustrated.

''The Franks came pouring into the Roman empire just because they had no idea o being confined to any particular Frankland."The laws which held them together were the laws of love and affection, caused by their relations one with another.

It was once supposed, and is now to a certain extent, that contract was a factor in determining the relations of individuals.

This idea must be banished from our minds, in order properly to understand primitive society.

The law of status determined their careers for them.

In other words, they were born in a certain station and had to remain in it throughout their lives.

A man born a slave must remain a slave, the king a king.

The relations of the people rested then upon status, not contract.

Herbert Spencer says:

"The leaving of men to have their careers determined by their efficiencies, we may call the principle of change in social organizations."

Aside from this the ancients had another way of accounting for the origin of their laws and institutions.

Their thoughts reverted to a single law-giver, who had given to their nation its form, if not its beginning.

"There was a Moses in the background of many a history besides that of the Jews.

Crete had her Minos; Athens her Solon; Sparta her

Lycurgus; Rome her Numa;

England her"Alfred."This shows that they did not regard their systems as developed, but made.

Still another comparatively modern belief is that government originated through divine origin—that is, it was instituted by God Himself.

The question for us to decide then, is: Which of these theories shall we accept?

The contract theory must be disregarded.

It has no historical foundation.

The individual counted for naught, as the law of status was then in sway.

In regard to the theories of a single law-giver, and of divine institution, it is sufficient to say that government was not a human contrivance, nor was it given directly

n6 TEMPLE M. XNIFESTA TIONS by the Creator.

Instinct and intelligent classes, but its origin was the gence aided its development after it same;

viz., a natural growth.

Arisoriginated;

but in its origin it was totle simply stated a fact when he spontaneous and natural, born with said:

"Man is by nature apolitical man and the family.

Its developanimal."ment was more rapid among intelli- //.

K. Aldous.

TEMPLE MANIFESTATIONS.

SALT LAKE TEMPLE.

In complying with a request to furnish a statement of spiritual manifestations in the great Temple of Salt Lake City, I am necessarily impressed with a sentiment of unusual delicacy, owing to the sacredness of the subject.

It is presumed, however, that some instances of the character referred to may be properly related for publication.

In this brief paper I will name a few cases concerning which I have gleaned some information.

They occurred during the progress of the dedication services in April, 1893.

The following was related to me by Brother A S, Junior, a member of the Tabernacle choir, as having been experienced by him in the Salt Lake Temple on Monday, April 17, 1893, while the service was being conducted.

The statement is as near as may be in his own language:

"President George Q.

Cannon announced that a certain'brother would read the dedicatory prayer.

When he did so, I concluded that I would keep my eyes open and look at him, instead of closing them as I had done on previous occasions. On reflection I came to the conclusion that I could pay as strict attention to the prayer with my eyes open as I could when I kept them closed.

A few moments after the Apostle began to read a scale seemed to remove from my eyes, and a bright light appeared above his head and behind him from his shoulders upwards.

This light remained in that position a few moments and then raised until I could see the face of a personage in the midst of it.

It was the countenance of President Brigham Young.

I turned my gaze away for a moment, as if to ascertain whether I- was looking with my own eyes.

On again looking toward the stand I beheld the entire person of President Young, clothed in robes.

He soon retired toward the rear of the stand and disappeared behind President Wilford Woodruff.

After he had vanished I again turned my attention to the Elder who was reading, when I saw a light similar to what had appeared previously, and then I beheld the person of President John Taylor, who seemed to be looking towards the reader.

I also saw a personage whom I took to be Hyrum Smith, although he appeared to be more spare in build than he is represented to be in his pictures;

then Orson Pratt, whom I at once recognized;

then there were three large men whom I could not identify.

There were others of more slender build whom I also failed to recognize.

There were, in all, abount twelve whom I saw during the dedicatory prayer.

When the prayer was concluded and just before and during the sacred hosanna shout, I noticed a bright halo of light surrounding several of the brethren,and the speakers during the same services were seemingly encircled by a brightness which appeared to emanate from their own persons.

"While President George O. Cannon was making the concluding remarks during this session, I was overcome and wept for joy.

Having my head bowed for a short time I

TEMPLE MANIFESTATIONS.

saw nothing more for a few moments.

On raising it again I saw a brilliant light over the head of each member of the First Presidency while they sat upon the stand.

"Whichever way any of the speakers turned while addressing the people, the light followed every movement made by them.

''The number of personages seen by me during the services subsequent to the reading of the dedicatory prayer was about twelve, making as near as I can state, about twenty-four in all.

"At the afternoon session on the same day I saw several personages, and immediately felt a desire to communicate the information of what I saw to Brother George Kirkman, who was sitting near me.

The vision then became dim.

I turned to him and told him of those appearances.

On directing my gaze once more toward the Melchisedek stand, I could see nothing more, the vision having closed."On another occasion during the dedication proceedings, President Joseph F. Smith was addressing the assemblage, which was very large.

In all his previous speaking he had exhibited great power and freedom, the people being frequently melted to tears under the influence which accompanied his addresses.

At this particular time, however, he appeared to have some difficulty in expressing himself with the ease and fluency that had hitherto characterized his utterances.

One of the Elders who was standing on the Aaronic stand saw this and was looking intently at the speaker.

As he did so he observed a light appear suddenly in front of the Melchisedek stand.

This light was of a yellowish or golden tint and exceedingly brilliant.

Its intensity was so great that, when in contact with the front pillars which support the canopy, it caused the white paint upon them appear of a dark hue.

At the same instant of this appearance President Smith suddenly spoke with the same potent influence which had characterized his previous addresses, and continued to hold his auditors as if they were spell-bound, to the close of his remarks.

The Elder referred to, learned that one other of the brethren besides himself had seen this manifestation of the Spirit of light.

Another remarkable manifestation was related to me by a lad named George Monk of Payson, Utah County.

He was at the time eleven years old.

Unfortunately I have no notes of his statement, which, however, was substantially as follows:

He was at the dedication services accompanied by his mother and grandmother.

He said he saw a man appear at the south-east circular window of the assembly hall of the Temple.

This personage looked into the interior.

The boy drew his mother's attention to this visitor but she could not see him.

Suddenly he requested her to look at two others flying or floating across the upper part of the hall from south to north, and then stated that five others had entered the large compartment and were ranged upon the wide ledge which runs along the wall under the row of circular windows.

The lad was astonished to learn that his mother was unable to see any of those glorious personages, whom he described as the "prettiest men"he ever saw in his life.

At the conclusion of the services as soon as Elder John Henry Smith arose to pronou-nce the benediction the boy said in ecstacy:

"Mamma, look at that one under the clock, he is the prettiest of them all.

See!

he is holding up both his hands like this,"at the same time holding his own hands up as an illustration.

This bright, innocent boy told his story by request, to several persons, it being each time similar in every detail.

When on a visit to the Temple subsequently he pointed out

I IS

.S///.V/AY/ LidHIS the positions and movements of the eight personages as he saw them.

Sister Monk corroborated, as far as could be done by her, in view of the fact that she was unable to see the angels herself, the statements of her son, who has the reputation of being a well-behaved and religiously inclined lad.

The latter gave details as to the clothing of those holy beings, saying that they were dressed in loose flowing white robes.

Most, if not all, had long and somewhat wavy hair.

He was particularly struck with the great beauty of the one who stood over the canopy of the Melchisedek stand during the benediction, at the close of which he suddenly vanished from view.

John Nicholson.

SHINING LIGHTS.

HOW THEY ACQUIRED BRIGHTNESS.

PRESIDENT GEORGE Q. CANNON.

Without a prototype and without a peer in this dispensation, in those lines in which he has attained many of the more striking successes of his life, George Q. Cannon stands forth a central figure of commanding influence among the "ShiningLights"of Latter-day Israel.

In him are seen qualities and an organization that make of him a distinct type among our leading men, and in his career we witness experiences and achievements the like of which we could not credit to any other man, without feeling that we were violating a natural law of association and propriety.

His history fits him like a garment, and it would fit no other man whose traits and capabilities we could portray with the imagination, much less could we give his place in the history of the Church to any man who has ever been a member of it.

How natural it is to remember George O. Cannon as the father of the Sandwich Islands mission, and the typical journalist among the people of these mountains, and the champion of the Church in Congress in the days when the lowering clouds of the nation's anger hovered threateningly over the

Saints!

What eternal fitness there has always seemed to be in his taking the lead whenever appeals were to be made to, or negotiations conducted with, men in power, in behalf of his persecuted people.

The precision with which the personal history of George Q.

Cannon fits into the historical superstructure of the Church, constituting, as it does, an indispensable portion of it, proves that his place and part in its affairs were pre-determined by the Designer, who foreordained the destiny of both.

There have been many men among the Saints who were born spiritual leaders. They were pre-natally gifted with power to comprehend and take the lead in spiritual things, and preach the Gospel at home and abroad with convincing power and marked effectiveness.

We have also had among us many men who, though not gifted as preachers, were marvelously qualified to lead the people in temporal things, such as the founding of colonies and the accomplishment of public improvements.

As for missionaries of Zealand humility, there has been an army of them ever since the Saints began to multiply, and the size of the army has kept pace with the growth of the Church.

But one kind of talent has been rare in the Church during its entire history, the talent of the diplomatist.

The cast ofmind common to nearly all the men who have ever been converted to the faith of the Latter-day

SHINING LIGHTS.

Saints, and have remained permanently identified with them, has been open, candid, and often blunt; and quite lacking in that reserve, second thought, sagacious consideration of future contingencies and of the motives of men, which are necessaryelements of successful diplomacy.

It is not true that there is anything in the practice of diplomacy, using the term in its better sense, which is antagonistic to the spirit of the Gospel.

On the contrary sacred history reball a prophet.

Each of these men was a type.

All had versatile gifts which qualified them for a great variety of labors, but each was signalized by some preeminent talent.

Each operated in a divinely-appointed field of labor, and each was necessary to fill a place among the corps of workers who established the Church among the tops of the mountains.

What is here said of these men applies with peculiar force to the subject of this sketch.

While he is a man of George Q. Cannon.

counts many instances wherein the inspiration ofthe Almighty has enabled His servants to overmatch their adversaries in diplomatic contests.

But it seems to be true that the earnestly religious mind common to most Latter-day Saints does not readilydevelop those qualities necessary to success in political strategy.

In Parley P.

Pratt the Church had a poet; in Orson Pratt a philosopher;

in Orson Hyde an orator;

in Erastus Snow a colonizer;

in Heber C. Kimremarkable versatility;

a writer of wide scope and great influence;

a financier of signal ability; an accomplished and talented journalist;

an orator and preacher of a very high order of. eloquence and power, he is, above all else, the diplomatist of his people, the greatest master ofpractical state-craft that has ever appeared among them.

At frequent intervals in the history of the Church since it took refuge in the mountains, occasions have arisen

SHINING LIGHTS.

that have demanded the services of some man adapted to the work of conducting in its behalf, the forensic contests and struggles in which it has been involved; who by his manipulation and presentation of its interests before men in power, could secure for it favorable consideration or action.

As naturally as a boatman would use an oar with which to row, George O,

Cannon has been called to perform this kind of labor.

When it has been necessary to procure for the Saints a hearing through the columns of great newspapers;

or when occasion has required their interests to be presented before some head of a government department, or cabinet officer, or even the President of the United States;

or when there has been a political mission to be performed in behalf of the Saints, or to offset the efforts of their opponents, which has required tact and sagacity, combined with the highest devotion to right and principle, "Brother George Q.

'has been chosen for the duty.

His success has often been remarkable.

He has gained access to the columns of influential journals when it was considered a disgrace to them to print a statement favorable to the Latter-day Saints.

He has been able to approach and obtain a respectful hearing from even the highest officers of our government, when few other men representing the same cause could have done so, and often has secured favorable action where enmity to him personally, and especially towards his people, seemed to have full sway.

He saw dark and stormy days while he was in Congress.

His surroundings at times, while a member of that body, were well calculated to overwhelm him with despair.

Bitter and determined hostility was shown towards the cause and constituency which he represented, and by a vote which was an outrage upon the elementary principles of representative government, he was at length deprived of his seat.

But during all those gloomy days he never saw the hour when he could not go privately, and personally, to any member of Congress and receive respectful consideration.

Many a member, in voting upon some matter in which the "Mormons"were interested, struggled between his respect and friendship for the delegate from Utah, and his fear of unpopularity.

The power to approach an enemy and win favors from him by moral suasion, is one of the rarest of human endowments.

The talent of the financier, the gift of eloquence, and even the genius of poetry, are much oftener met with than is this extraordinary quality.

But in George Q.

Cannon it is developed in a high degree of perfection.

Few living persons can exert over men such an influence, arising solely out of their personality, as can he, and hostility towards the cause he represents, and even towards him personally, frequently fails to exempt individuals from the magnetism of his persuading and convincing powers.

The subject of this sketch is the son of George and Ann Quayle Cannon.

His ancestors for many generations were natives of the Isle of Man, and his parents were born in the village of Peel, on that island.

They removed from thence to Liverpool, England, where George Quayle Cannon was born, January nth, 1827, being their first child.

George Cannon, the father, had a sister named Leonora, who went from England to

Canada as the traveling companion of a lady friend who was making a bridal tour.

In the city of Toronto, Miss Leonora met and married John

Taylor, who later became one of the

Twelve, and died President of the Church.

Not long after their marriage, both embraced the Gospel under the ministry of Apostle Parley P.

Pratt.

In 1840, when Apostle John Taylor, with others of the Twelve, went to England on a mission, he taught the Gospel to his brother-in-law and the latter's family.

SHINING LIGHTS.

George Cannon and his wife Ann soon became convinced of the truth and promptly embraced it, and some months later, on June 18, 1840, their three eldest children, including

Geo.

Q., who was then aged thirteen years, were baptized.

Though so young, the boy acted on his own profound convictions in going down into the waters of baptism.

Long before he heard the Gospel taught by his uncle, John Taylor, his mind had been much troubled respecting religious subjects.

He had repeatedly wept because of being deprived of the spiritual gifts and blessings about which he read so much in the New Testament. The family sailed from Liverpool for Nauvoo, Sept.

17, 1842, but the mother died and was buried at sea.

In due time the rest of the family reached Nauvoo, where they settled, and on Aug.

19, 1844, George Cannon, the father, died there.

Soon after the arrival of the family in Nauvoo, George Q.

became a member of the household of his uncle, Apostle John Taylor, who was the publisher of the Times and Seasons and the Nauvoo Neighbor.

He continued to live with his uncle for about seven years, and learned the trade of printer in the office from which the publications named were issued.

In early days in Utah and California he was noted as a "swift"compositor.

He was ordained an Elder, Feb.

1845, when eighteen years old, under the hands of his uncle, Apostle John Taylor On the same day the Nineteenth Quorum of Seventies was organized and he was made a member of it, and its clerk. In 1846 he journeyed westward with the Saints from Nauvoo, and on Oct. 3, 1847, arrived in Great

Salt Lake Valley.

Two years later he was called to go to California under the direction of Apostle Charles C.

Rich, and after spending about one year in missionary work there, he, with nine others, was called on a mission to the Sandwich Islands.

2 d Elder Cannon was the youngest of the party.

After a tedious voyage the missionaries reached Honolulu. They paired off in couples by lot, and were assigned to different islands in the same way.

Elder James Keeler was Elder Cannon's companion, and the island of Maui fell to them as a field oflabor.

There were but few white people in the islands and the question soon became a pressing one:

Should the Elders confine their labors to the whites?

Some of the Elders took the position that they were sent to> the whites only; and that when they had been warned, the mission on which the Elders had been sent would be filled, and they would be at liberty to return home.

Elder Cannon and two or three others of the party felt differently.

They deemed it their duty to learn the native language and preach the Gospel to all the inhabitants of the islands, white and dark.

The president of the mission refused to decide the question, saying that each missionary might determine his own course.

Elder Cannon felt resolved to remain, learn the language and preach to the natives y even though all the other Elders should leave him and return home.

Five of the Elders showed this feeling, but five left for home, after a short time spent on the islands.

Elders James Keeler and Henry W.

Bigler were two of those who remained.

These Elders were with Elder Cannon on the island of Maui.

One evening they were sitting on mats in a native's house listening to the conversation of some islanders, when Elder Cannon felt an intense desire to understand what they were saying.

He says of the occasion:

"All at once I felt a peculiar sensation in my ears;

I jumped to my feet, with my hands. at the sides of my head, and exclaimed to Elders Biglerand Keeler who sat at the table, that I believed I had received the gift of interpretation And it was so.

From that time forward I had but little if any, dif

.V///A7AY/ 1. 1C HIS.

ficulty in understanding what the people said.

I might not be able at once to separate every word which they spoke from every other word in the sentence; but I could tell the general meaning'of the whole.

This was a great aid to me in learning to speak the language, and I felt very thankful for this gift from the Lord."

This incident occurred at a time when the circumstances under which

Elder Cannon and his fellow missionaries were placed were of a character to try their faith and impel them to take one of two courses:

Either abandon their field and return home, or humble themselves sincerely before

God, and seek His guidance and support. They were among a strange and uncivilized race, without money, food or shelter except such as might be furnished them out of the kindness of the natives among whom their lot was cast.

As our present purpose is to record some of the successes achieved by George O.

Cannon, and to note the means by which they were reached, we will speak principally of him, without however, intending to deprive his fellow-laborers of their just meed of praise.

Elder Cannon has given free expression to the feelings that filled his heart at this time.

An aged native woman named Na-lima-nui, learning of the destitute condition of himself and his companion, generously offered them a home in her house.

It was but a native hut, such as the islanders build for a shelter, but this old lady's kindness in tendering even such a home, so filled Elder Cannon's heart with appreciation and gratitude, that he wept.

His thankfulness to her and to God, was unbounded.

He felt meek, and was infused with an overpowering desire to fill his mission.

He was serenely and supremely happy.

He prayed much to the Lord, and many comforting things were revealed to him by the power of the Holy Ghost.

Speaking of those days and experiences, many years afterwards, he says: "A friendship was there established between our Father and myself, which, I trust, will never be broken nor diminished, and which I hopehas continued to grow stronger from those days to these.

At length the Spirit indicated that it was Elder Cannon's duty to commence traveling and preaching among the natives, and he accordingly set out alone on a tour of the island.

It had previously been revealed to him that he would find a people ready to receive him, and he says:

"It was plain to me that the angel of the Lord was with me;

for at whatever place I stopped, I was received most kindly, and the best the people had was at my service."But a peculiar trial had to be met and overcome by him, through faith.

The principal food of the natives was a fermented substance called "poi,"and it was utterly nauseous to Elder Cannon.

It seemed to him that an attempt to eat it would certainly produce vomiting.

But to require the natives with whom he lodged to furnish him food different from what they ate, would likely render him burdensome to them, and impede his success in converting them to a knowledge of the truth.

He therefore prayed earnestly to the Lord to remove his repugnance for the food, and his prayer was answered.

"Poi,"for which he had felt such a strong aversion, immediately became sweet and palatable to him, so much so that he even preferred it to bread, and regarded it as the sweetest food he had ever eaten.

No sooner had Elder Cannon fairly begun to travel among the natives in an earnest endeavor to search out such of them as would receive the truth, than the direct interpositions of providence began to be manifested in opening up his way.

He was led, at times, in a singular manner, to individuals whose hearts were in a condition to receive the Gospel, and within a short time numerous bap-

SHINING LIGHTS.

tisms occurred.

He was obliged to contend against the determined and mendacious opposition of missionaries sent to the islands by sectarian denominations, who seemed instinctively to feel that their craft would be endangered by the preaching of the doctrine taught by him.

But Elder Cannon stood forth boldly and publicly, and exposed the falsehoods the reverend gentlemen had circulated about the Prophet Joseph Smith and the Latter-day Saints, and by his courageous course in so doing he won the admiration and confidence of the islanders.

Within a remarkably short time he mastered the Hawaiian language so completely that he could preach in it even better than in his native tongue.

In fact, his fame as an orator spread throughout the islands, and multitudes flocked to listen to him.

From the outset of his missionary labors he exercised, on every appropriate occasion, the gift for which he is so distinguished, the power of influencing men in authority.

It was his rule, on entering a new field of labor to call upon men in official positions or such as had it in their power to either help or hinder his work, and lay before them the nature of his mission.

By so doing he was able often to forestall, at least in a measure, the slanders of unscrupulous opponents.

He avoided being obtrusive, but in a proper and dignified way, sought and obtained the audiences he desired, and it was seldom that an effort of this character failed to accomplish good.

That a man naturally so bashful and diffident, and possessed of such a keenly sensitive nature, should develop such a gift and trait, seems inconsistent.

He would blush crimson on the slighest provocation, yet would bravely enter the presence of royalty itself, if need be, to urge and plead the interests of the cause in which his whole soul was so unreservedly enlisted.

As an illustration the following is related:

After the work of the Gospel had made considerable progress on the island of Maui, and numbers had been baptized and frequent meetings were being held, the sectarian missionaries on the island, thinking to stop the spread of the new religion which was making havoc in their congregations, prevailed upon the owners of the land and the officer having it in charge, to threaten the people with punishment if they continued to attend the "Mormon"meetings.

This persecution assumed a. serious form, and in order to obtain relief from it, Elder Cannon went to Honolulu, the capital of the kingdom, and in company with Elder Phillip B.

Lewis, who was the president of the mission, and stationed there, he called on several of the king's ministers.

The king himself was not seen, as he was unwell.

The American minister earnestly seconded the efforts of the Elders.

Later Elder Cannon had an interview, on the island of Maui, with two princes who afterwards succeeded to the throne, and the efforts made to end the persecution instigated by the missionaries resulted in much good.

George Q.

Cannon was not the man to tamely submit to tyranny when there was reasonable hope of escaping from it by making an earnest appeal to the seat of power.

It will be noted that this trait of his character is in harmony with the revelation in which the Lord commanded the Prophet to sue for redress at the feet of men in authority.

The history of the Sandwich Islands mission reads like a romance, with the young missionary who is the subject of this sketch, as its central figure.

His eloquence charmed the natives and overmatched his opponents.

His personal traits won the hearts of hundreds who came to know him intimately.

He brought multitudes into the Church, and the intense love in which he was held by the native Saints amounted almost to

I2 4 SHINING LIGHTS.

idolatry.

From village to village and from island to island he passed, kindling in the hearts of thousands of the simple-minded, honest and affectionate islanders, faith in the Gospel as revealed through Joseph the Seer, a remarkable and contagious religious zeal, and an unbounded and undying affection for himself.

In the estimation of many of the natives he remains to this day a criterion of eloquence; and though forty years have passed away since he traveled and ministered among them, when they listen to a public address which particularly pleases them, it is not uncommon to hear some of them utter a complimentary expression in reference to the speaker, which means:

"He speaks like Cannon."Only a short time since this identical compliment was paid to President Cannon by a native who heard him preach forty years ago, and who had just listened to a public speaker whom he desired to praise.

"He speaks like Cannon!"exclaimed the islander.

Elder Cannon had no more than commenced his missionary labors among the Hawaiians than he was seized with an overmastering desire to translate the Book of Mormon into their language.

He believed they were of the House of Israel, a branch of the race descended from Lehi, and he longed to lay before them, in their own tongue, the record of their forefathers.

With this object in view he labored ahd prayed that he might acquire a mastery of the language.

He even trained himself to think in it.

His faith and zeal in pursuit of this object were so great that they prevailed with the powers of heaven, and he received, soon after his arrival on the islands, the gift of interpretation, as above narrated.

His progress in mastering the language was not merely marvelous, it was miraculous.

He landed at Honolulu December 12, 1850, and in the last days of January, 1851, only a little more than a month from the time he first heard the Hawaiian tongue spoken, he began to translate into it the Book of Mormon.

One of the first natives to be baptized was

J. H. Napela, an educated and intelligent man, who thoroughly understood his own language.

He was an eloquent speaker, held a judicial position under the government, belonged to a family descended from the old chiefs of Maui, in which the Hawaiian language had been preserved in great purity, was blessed by the Spirit with a thorough and comprehensive understanding of the principles of the Gospel, and was, on the whole, admirably qualified to assist in the work of translation.

Elder Cannon secured his assistance in the labor, and progressed with it as the intervals of time occurring in the midst of onerous and engrossing missionary labor would permit.

The translation was finished July 22, 1853, about two and a half years from the time it was begun.

But a revision was decided upon, and it was begun December 24, 1853, and completed January 31, 1S54.

In making the revision Elder Cannon had the assistance of Elder William Farrer, and a native Elder named Kauwahi, "a man of acute intellect and good education, who was called the most eloquent and best reasoner in the Hawaiian nation."It is often the case in this Church that one mission, faithfully performed, leads to another and greater.

Many an Elder can trace a change in the bent and current of his whole life to a mission, ill or well performed, as the case may be.

It is beyond human acumen to tell definitely what destiny a given man would have filled had his early life been spent differently from what it was;

but while the laws of causation relating to this subject are imperfectly understood, enough is learned of them by the study of biography, to convince the student that what a man engages in during the formative stage of his character, is very likely to determine, to a great extent, the nature of the

SHINING LIGHTS.

labors and achievements of his after life.

Perhaps George O.

Cannon would have been the same man, and done the same life work, had he never translated the Book of Mormon into the Hawaiian language;

but a succession of circumstances grew out of that labor which seem to have had a marked influence on his subsequent career.

On October 6, 1853, after the translation was completed, but before the revision was made, a conference of Elders laboring in the Sandwich Islands decided to purchase a 'press and type, etc.

with which to print an edition of the translation, and also other matter necessary for the mission.

At that conference Elder Cannon was appointed one of a committee of three to travel among the Saints on all the islands to collect means for the publication of the Book of Mormon in the native tongue. A white man named Edward

Dennis, who had embraced the Gospel at Honolulu, loaned the committee one thousand dollars on their note, to help pay for press, type, paper, etc.

, which were purchased in New York and shipped around Cape

Horn to Honolulu.

But those were days of slow transportation compared with the present, and several months elapsed between the time when the purchase was determined upon, and the arrival of the printing material at Honolulu.

In the meantime Elder Cannon had been released from his mission and had returned to his home in Utah, arriving in or about October, 1854;

Elder Parley P.

Pratt, of the Twelve, had gone to California to take charge of the mission there, and the printing outfit had been, at his request, forwarded to San Francisco, as he designed to use it in the publication of a paper there.

Soon after Elder Cannon reached home a letter was received by the First Presidency from Elder Pratt recommending that the first named be appointed to assist him, and at the April conference, 1854, this recommendation was carried out.

The translator of the Book of Mormon into the Hawaiian language was called to go to San Francisco to aid in publishing the translation;

and also a weekly paper with which it was intended to advocate and defend the principles of the Gospel on the Pacific coast.

Elders Joseph Bull and Matthew F. Wilkie, two practical printers, were appointed to accompany Elder Cannon.

When the three reached San Francisco they learned that Elder Pratt had started for Utah.

Elder Cannon followed hastily on his trail, and overtook him at the ranch of Brother John C. Naile.

Elder Pratt set apart Elder Cannon to preside over the Church in northern California and Oregon, when the former continued his journey to Utah and the latter returned to San Francisco, there to perforin a labor which, on account of the difficulties and discouragements connected with it, was of a peculiarly trying character.

The branch of the Church at San Francisco was not large, and a short time before Elder Cannon's arrival there, a disaster had occurred which threw a spirit of coldness and discouragement over them.

A number of members of the branch had invested considerable sums in the purchase of a vessel designed to sail between San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands for commercial purposes, and also for the emigration from the islands to Utah of the native Saints.

Before anything was accomplished with the vessel it was wrecked and proved a total loss.

The Saints who had contributed to its purchase had done so under legitimate counsel, and their loss made them chary regarding other investments of a similar character.

The prevalent feeling among them was that an attempt to publish either a paper, or the Hawaiian translation of the Book of Mormon, would be in vain.

Some of them commented on the boyish appearance of Elder Cannon, and

SHINING LIGHTS

spoke disparagingly of his abilities to carry out the plans he had announced.

In order to commence and get fairly under way the work hehad in hand, he needed at least a thousand dollars, but in response to his call for help, the branch subscribed only ten dollars.

During his sojourn in Utah after his return from the Sandwich Islands,

Elder Cannon led to the altar Elizabeth, daughter of Bishop Abraham Hoagland, of the Fourteenth Ward,

Salt Lake City, and she accompanied him to San Francisco.

Acting by faith but not seeing where necessary funds were coming from, Elder Cannon rented quarters on a good street, for a printing office and living rooms.

His funds were very low, so low in fact, that he and his wife scarcely had necessary food.

But the coldness of the members of the San Francisco branch continued.

They did not even inquire into his welfare, much less contribute to it.

The outlook was peculiarly disheartening, for there was no apparent reason to hope for aid from without the Church.

At length Elder Cannon was invited to attend a meeting of the male members of the branch.

His financial condition at the time was one of actual distress, for he and his young wife were in absolute need.

The invitation inspired him with hope that at last the

Saints had determined to render him some assistance.

The meeting opened and a brother stated that the object of it was to learn what Elder Cannon was doing.

The latter made a report of what he had done, when some of the brethren advised him to abandon his plans, and close the office, and gave him formal notice that the branch would not be responsible for any debts of his contracting.

Elder Cannon's first emotion was one of profound disappointment;

but the remarks about paying debts contracted by him in the performance of the mission to which he had been called by divine authority, roused the spirit of a lion in him.

He addressed the meeting, laid before it the nature and importance of his mission, and prophesied that if the members of the branch did not aid in publishing the Hawaiian translation of the Book of Mormon, and in the establishment of a paper designed to aid in the spread and defense of the Gospel in that region, the Lord would raise up those who would render all needful assistance.

The words of Elder Cannon were attended with marked effect.

The clerk of the branch promised a given sum monthly, which though small, was sufficient for an example.

Others promised and later furnished aid.

Openings occurred in different directions, and means began to come in.

A change came over the spirits ot the Saints.

They partook of the faith and zeal of Elder Cannon.

Type-setting on the Book of Mormon was begun and in due time an edition was struck off, bound, and shipped to the Sandwich Islands.

The Western Standard, a weekly religious newspaper, edited with signal ability by Elder Cannon, was established. He also engaged actively in missionary work, and many meetings were held, and many souls were added to the Church.

Recently, in conversing about his labors on this mission, President Cannon stated that he had always looked back upon them as more trying and perplexing, and more taxing upon his faith and energies, than any in which he had ever been engaged.

To give in detail the reasons why they should so appear to him would exceed the space which can here be given to the subject;

it is plain, however, that his faith and integrity were severely tested.

But his reward is in the result of his efforts.

For nearly forty years a whole nation has had within its reach a fountain of light and truth, the Book of Mormon, for the translation and publication of which they are

SHINING LIGHTS

indebted to him; and the Western Standard was a powerful agency for good, and the means of permanently establishing its editor's reputation as a writer.

It thus appears that his translation of the Book of Mormon led to his mission to San Francisco to publish it, and that this mission in turn resulted in his becoming a journalist, in which calling he has done much of the best and most effective work of his life.

He was busily engaged in his labors on the Standard and in missionary work, when the news reached the coast that Johnston's army was approaching Utah.

Some of the coast papers urged the advisability of seizing and holding George Q. Cannon as a hostage to secure the safety of the army, a proposition which, however absurd, indicates the influence which he and his people had attained.

During the excitement of that period a party of missionaries, including Apostles Orson Pratt and Ezra T.

Benson, arrived in San Francisco on their return to Salt Lake Valley from a mission to England.

These brethren advised Elder Cannon to wind up his publishing business and return home, which he did.

He reached home January 19, 1858, having been absent nearly three years.

It was a stirring time.

On the evening of his arrival he was appointed to an important office in the army which the people were organizing for their defense, and in the following April he took the Deseret News printing plant to

Fillmore and published the paper there until the following September, this action being consequent upon what is known in Utah history as "the move."In September, 1858, while bringing his family to Salt Lake City, he stopped at the house of William B.

Preston, in Payson, for dinner.

A messenger met him there bearing a letter from President Brigham Young which stated that he had been chosen for a mission to the eastern states, and that a company of Elders with whom he was to travel would start on the following day.

If he was to join this company, not a moment must be lost.

He had no home at all for his family, but he hastily gave some brief instructions to his wife and youngest brother, David H., a mere youth who was with him, and in whose care he placed his family.

Within less than an hour from the moment the message of President Brigham Young was received, Elder Cannon had bidden good-bye to his dear ones and was on his way to Salt Lake City.

The mission on which he thus summarily took his departure was one for which he was peculiarly fitted.

It was to disabuse the minds of the officers of the government at Washington, including President Bucharfan, of the effects of the slanders and falsehoods regarding the people of Utah, which had resulted in the so-called Utah war; and also to correct public opinion generally through the columns ol leading newspapers, as far as possible.

He went to Washington and there labored earnestly and effectively among government officials and congressmen, correcting their erroneous impressions concerning the "Mormons."He was absent from home nearly two years, and besides the semi-political labors he performed he presided over the Church throughout the eastern states, acted as emigration agent at New York, and aided at Council Bluffs in organizing and fitting out for the journey across the plains, the companies of migrating Saints.

He returned home in August, i860, and on the twenty-sixth of that month was ordained a member of the quorum of Apostles, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Elder Parley P.

Pratt.

This was in fulfillment of what had been revealed to him while a boy, for it had then been made known to him, by revelation, that he would one day be chosen one of the Twelve.

He had

.SY//AVA7, I.ICII IS.

often, in contemplating this high calling, shrank from it with dread, and desired in his heart that he might be relieved of it, unless his very salvation depended upon his accepting and filling it.

A respite of only six weeks was enjoyed by him at home when he was sent to England to take charge of the emigration and publishing business of the Church at Liverpool and edit the Millennial Star.

He reached Liverpool December 21, i860, and, in addition to his other labors, was associated with Apostles Charles C.

Rich and Amasa M.

Lyman in the presidency of the European mission until May, 1862, when he left England for Washington,

D. C.

The reason for this move was his election by the people of Utah to the United States Senate, in the hope that the Territory would be admitted as a State.

Hon. William H. Hooper was his colleague.

The hope for political emancipation was abortive.

Both senators-elect remained in Washington laboring faithfully for the commonwealth that had chosen them until Congress adjourned without passing an enabling act.

Elder Cannon returned from Washington to England, arriving in Liverpool July 26, 1862.

Apostles Rich and Lyman had left England for Utah at the time Elder Cannon started from Liverpool for Washington; and on the latter's return to England he became president of the European mission, in which capacity he twice made a tour of the branches of the Church in Scandinavia, Germany, Holland, Switzerland and France.

He sailed from Liverpool on his return home, August 27, 1864, but an Indian war detained him so that he did not reach

Salt Lake City until October 12, following.

Under his management of the Church emigration during the four years of this mission, over thirteen thousand Saints left Liverpool for Zion.

During the fifteen years that had elapsed between the time of his starting on his first mission, and his return from the one just spoken of, he had spent only about nine months at home in Utah.

Upon his last return home he was chosen by President Hrigham Young to be the latter's private secretary, a position he occupied for three years.

In the winter of 1864-5 ne organized and taught a Sunday school in the Fourteenth Ward, Salt Lake City, a labor which made him realize the existence of a great need, a periodical in the interests of Sunday schools, and of the children of the Saints generally.

This realization was to him an inspiration that spurred him to an endeavor to supply the want, and in January, 1866, he began the publication of the Juvenile Instructor.

In his Sabbath school work, and in the founding of the publication named, which soon became the organ of the Sunday schools of the Latter-day Saints, and a powerful auxiliary in that cause, philanthropy in as high a form as that virtue can assume, was displayed.

The salvation of the souls of little children, and their preparation for the battles, duties and temptations of life, were the objects sought by these efforts.

For nearly twenty-nine years the Juvenile Instructor has paid its regular visits to the homes and Sunday schools of the Saints.

For nearly as long it has been used as a text work in Sunday school classes.

Its standard of excellence, both as to contents and typography, has always been the highest attainable, and from its pages it has breathed a spirit that has infused the hearts of tens of thousands of children with a love of truth and purity.

To thousands of adults also, each succeeding number has been a recurring feast, and as year has followed year this unpretentious magazine has carried to young and old its burden of good things, comprising instruction in duty and doctrine, kindly admonition, wise counsel and general information; and it long since became a fixture not to

SHINING LIGH'lS be parted with on any account, in the homes of thousands of families.

The good which it has accomplished is measureless, for it has aided in imparting to tens of thousands of youth aspirations that have impelled them to cultivate faith in God, love for their kind, integrity to principle.and purity of life.

Elder Cannon's field of usefulness as a writer was soon to be greatly enlarged.

In the autumn of the year succeeding that in which the Juvenile

Instructor was established, he assumed control of the Deseret News, and a little later the publication of a daily edition of that paper was begun, with him as editor.

The first issue was dated November 21, 1867.

The Deseret News, including its three editions, daily, semi-weekly and weekly, had the largest circulation and strongest influence of any paper published between the Missouri River and Pacific coast.

About eighteen months after Elder Cannon took charge of it, the trans-continental railroad was completed, and a stream of tourists began to pour into

Utah, bent on gratifying their curiosity concerning the "Mormons."They read the Church paper, and many of them sought an interview with its editor.

His editorial work was incessantly interrupted by strangers who called at his sanctum, but they were invariably received with that suavity which was so marked a trait of the "Mormon"journalist.

The latter was thus called upon to explain and defend his principles in personal interviews with large numbers of distinguished persons from all parts of the world.

The completion of the railroad across the continent brought the "Mormon"people into closer connection with the rest of the civilized world, and greatly accentuated, in its estimation, the peculiarities of their social system.

Polygamy especially became, even more than it had been before, an exhaustless subject of discussion, and it was the duty of the News to note and reply to or comment on numberless articles that appeared in the American and foreign press, upon this and other phases of the "Mormon"question.

Upon George O.

Cannon devolved the labor of conducting in behalf of the

Church, and through its official organ, this great controversy, one of the mightiest that ever agitated the minds of men in any age.

Few even in the Church have ever comprehended the magnitude of the mission that was performed by the editor of the Deseret News, during George Q, Cannon's incumbency of that position.

Not only was it necessary for the peculiar features of the faith and practice of the Latter-day Saints to be explained and defended before the world, but it was necessary to educate in them the members of the Church at home, and the Deseret News was a great power in this work of defense and education.

Its teachings aided in giving form to the faith of the Saints, and its utterances and arguments were cues and texts that were used by thousands of Elders at home and abroad.

The heaviest labors of the editor of the official advocate of the "Mormon'people were by no means confined to a discussion of religious themes.

Multiplying attempts were being made in

Congress to invade the rights of that people, and the Federal judiciary in Utah inaugurated a persecutive and oppressive course towards them.

It devolved upon the News to lead the resistance to the anti- "Mormon"measures introduced in Congress, and also to those that were adopted by the Federal officials and their sympathizers at home.

That paper thus became, under the editorial charge of George Q.

Cannon, an able and eloquent exponent of the principles of the American constitution and the Declaration of Independence, and the powerful expositions of these principles which appeared in its columns and were the work of its editor, have left an impress upon

SHINING LIGHTS

the sentiments of the people of Utah that will endure while the history of those times is read.

In 1 87 1 the press throughout the country discussed the proposition to admit Utah into the Union on condition that its inhabitants abandon their marriage system.

Lest it should be supposed that the "Mormon"people favored a bargain of that sort, Elder Cannon was dispatched to Washington, in December of that year, charged with the duty of denning before Congress their true position.

Their demand was for statehood with full religious liberty, and Elder Cannon made plain their attitude before the national legislature.

In February following a constitutional convention met in Salt Lake City, and George O. Cannon was appointed by it one of a delegation to lay before Congress the organic law for the proposed state which it had framed, and work for the admission of the Territory into the Union.

He went to Washington, but his efforts though earnest were unsuccessful.

In August of the same year(i872) he was elected delegate to Congress, and for four successive terms he was re-elected.

The last time was in 1881, when he received 17,211 out of a total of 18,568 votes.

His opponent, A. G. Campbell, received only the pitiful balance, yet in pursuance of an infamous political conspiracy Governor Murray issued to the latter the certificate of election.

A contest for the seat ensued, and while it was pending the so-called Edmunds law, disfranchising polygamists, was passed, March 22, 1882.

On the 19th of the following month the House of Representatives voted on the question.

The result was a decision by the House that George Q. Cannon was ineligible to a seat in it because he was a polygamist, but his opponent did not secure the coveted prize.

The seat remained vacant until another election.

Not even an epitome can here be given of the labors of George Q.

Cannon, in behalf of his constituents, while he was delegate to Congress.

During nearly the whole of that time, anti-"Mormon''bills were pending and liable to be enacted into law if the efforts of their supporters were not forestalled.

Many of these bills were drastic and virulent in character, and, had they become laws, would have inflicted infinite hardship and injury upon the Latterday

Saints.

Delegate Cannon had in hand a herculean labor in watching and resisting these bills.

On occasions unnumbered did he appear before congressional committees, and by the presentation of facts and arguments expose the nefarious charactei of the measures he was opposing.

His talents of statesmanship and diplomacy were of inestimable service to his constituency, and his successes, won by argument and persuasion, were often astonishing.

The number of bills and resolutions introduced in Congress while he was in the House, which contained open or covert attacks upon the "Mormons,"would be incredible unless actually counted, and the solutions proposed in them for the "Mormon"question were mostly divided between the ridiculous, the outrageous and the preposterous, while nearly all were unconstitutional.

Partly in pursuance of his duty, and partly as a result of natural talent, Delegate Cannon became a master of the rules of both houses and their committees, and of the principles and philosophy of parliamentary law;

and during the later years of his service in Congress he was accounted, by members and others, the best parliamentarian in that body.

Statements to this effect were made to the writer in 1880, by Representative Wood of Virginia, and Senator Ransom of North

Carolina.

At times when filibustering or strategic tactics were in progress, members would become be-

SHINING LIGHTS.

wildered as to how they should vote in order to reach the ends they desired;

and it was not uncommon for a group of them to surround the seat of the delegate from Utah and seek his advice about voting.

Thus he, though having no vote himself, often influenced those of many members of the House.

In October, 1 «8o, the Twelve Apostles decided to reorganize a First Presidency, the Church having been without that quorum since the death of President Brigham Young, August 29, 1877.

John Taylor had been fixed upon for President, and at a meeting of the Quorum of Apostles at which the subject was under consideration, Apostle Wilford Woodruff asked President Taylor whom he had chosen for his counselors.

All or nearly all of the Twelve, including George Q.

Cannon, were present.

The latter had what he regarded as excellent reasons for believing that he would not be chosen a counselor, and had not seriously concerned himself regarding the matter.

But the instant that the question was propounded by Apostle Woodruff, and before President Taylor had answered it, intense apprehension seized Apostle

Cannon.

His flesh crawled, so great was his dread, and he knew before a word was spoken in reply, that he had been chosen.

In response to the question, President Taylor named George O.

Cannon and Joseph F. Smith.

"O don't choose me!"impulsively exclaimed Apostle Cannon;

"here are many brethren better qualified to be your counselors than I am."But President Taylor, with his characteristic impassiveness, by his silence refused to grant the appeal.

He had cast the die and would not recall it, and his choice was approved by the Twelve and the whole Church. When Wilford Woodruff succeeded to the Presidency of the Church, he chose, and the Church at the April conference, 1889, unanimously confirmed, the same counselors President Taylor had had, and thus the First Presidency stands at the present time.

When the prosecution of polygamists began, President Cannon was a special object of attack on the part of the officers, and in common with hundreds of his brethren he suffered exile and imprisonment.

While serving a term in the penitentiary, for unlawful cohabitation, in 1888, he completed the preparation for the press of a biography of the Prophet Joseph Smith, a literary and historical work of great merit and importance, and an exceedingly valuable addition to the literature of the Church.

Nearly all the time since his release from prison has been spent at the seat of the Church in the discharge of the onerous duties devolving upon the First Presidency, and in ministering among the Saints.

He has gone on only brief visits out of the Territory in that time.

One of these he took in October of this year, when he went to St. Louis as a delegate from Utah to the TransMississippi Congress.

He was made the recipient of the distinguished honor of being elected president of the Congress for the ensuing year.

A glance over the record of Geo.

O.

Cannon's life will show signal success achieved by him as a missionary, translator, orator, journalist, diplomatist and statesman, and as a leader in both spiritual and temporal things, in many different departments.

Recently, when asked to what rules of action or conduct he attributed his success in life, he promptly replied:

"Independence of character in forming my own conclusions and carrying them out."In illustration of this pre-eminent trait, he related that when, as a boy thirteen years old, he embraced the Gospel, he firmly resolved to gather with the Saints, whether his parents and family should do so or not, and he expressed the opinion that he would have executed this resolution.

As another rule of his life which had contributed

1^2 SHINING LIGHTS.

much to his successes, he stated that when a youth, he had resolved to rigidly abstain from the use of tea, coffee, tobacco and intoxicants;

and though much of his life had been spent in society in which all these things were used freely, he had strictly adhered to his resolution.

In dining at tables where wine was provided, which he has done so often, he has avoided drinking it, even though he might be a guest in whose honor it was poured out.

He would resort to art and tact in order not to attract attention to his abstinence;

and would sometimes even carry a glass of wine to his lips but set it down again untasted.

When pressed to drink wine, or tea, or coffee, he would escape with a few simple words of explanation to the effect that it was not his custom to use them.

He invariably found that people of culture and intelligence respected him the more for adherence to his rule.

"I would impress upon young people,"said President Cannon, "the duty of forming correct ideas of what their lives should be.

They should have a high ideal of life and live up to it."He added that, from his boyhood it had been his custom, when confronted by trials or perplexities, to ask himself what some good and great man, like the Prophet

Joseph, or President Young, would do, were he in the same situation.

Then he would try to do as he believed such a man would under the same circumstances.

He said he had found this to be an excellent rule of life.

Another rule to which he was much indebted, he said, was his perseverance.

"I always had a faculty of hanging to a thing until I accomplished the end in view,"and he related striking instances where signal success had followed his perseverance.

Flattery is repulsive to the really good or great;

but it is not right for us to wait until our good and great men are dead before we express our appreciation ol their labors and qualities, much less is it right that we should neglect to point out to our youth the men whom God has raised up among us as patterns after whom the rising generation may profitably model their lives.

Our race has been too prone to despise a living prophet while canonizing a dead one, but such a trait should never be displayed, in even the faintest degree, by Latter-day Saints.

While heroworship should form no part of their religion, it is eminently proper that the lives of men who have been examples of faith, integrity, and success, should be made familiar to them, and especially to their youth.

It therefore follows that the biographies ol such men as George Q.

Cannon should be studied.

A little hut of a single room is soon described; but a large mansion having numerous facades, entrances and gables, and whose interior embraces many and divers architectural features, taxes the space and powers of the descriptive writer.

So it is with men and their biographies.

A complete record and pen picture of one man can be given in a kw paragraphs, while volumes may be written of the life, traits and deeds ot another, and the description be still incomplete.

George Q. Cannon is a man of the latter sort.

Almost daily ever since he was a mere youth, there has reposed in his hands the management of matters ol vital and far-reaching importance.

He has carried the heaviest responsibilities, and has endured the severest trials of faith, heart and brain.

To-day, though fast approaching the allotted age of man, he seems but in the prime of his mental and physical powers, and he stands among the Saints as one, the record of whose life is replete with lessons of faith, sacrifice and devotion to duty, which may be studied with the highest profit to all, and especially to the youth.

B. F. Cummings, Jr.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Sv.lt Lake City, December, 1894.

THE CAMPAIGN IS OVER.

Once again the battle of the ballots has occurred and there have been surprises to members of both of the great national parties.

The canvass in this Territory has been a vigorous one, and while we wish that it had been more instructive, by those who were engaged in it explaining fully and clearly the underlying principles of Democracy and Republicanism, we are pleased to know there was much less of personality and abuse of candidates during this campaign than was the case in either of the two preceding elections.

We would like to see the Latterday Saints take a high position in political matters, as they have done in religious, social and financial affairs.

We would very much regret to know that among a people making the professions we do the political evils which so greatly abound in the East would find acceptance here.

We especially desire that bitterness should be avoided because of political differences, and that the people should calmly deliberate upon the principles advanced by the parties, forming their judgment after giving thorough consideration to both sides of the question.

The Contributor is not in politics;

it has no preferences to express;

it has no desires to gratify in the success of either party;

but it does desire to see the young men ofZion carefully study the various forms of government and the principles of the parties, and thus become thoroughly familiar with the ideas of leading men throughout the nation, as well as those who live in different parts of the world.

In other words, we desire our young men to become broadminded;

to be fair in their judgment of parties and principles, and to avoid all strife and everything of an unpleasant character.

Both the Republican and Democratic parties have had great men in their ranks, and both have done much lor the good of the nation and its citizens.

In our Territory there are great numbers of people who do not really understand what the fundamental differences are between these two parties.

We hope a campaign of education will be instituted whereby the position of each may be clearly defined, and this without personal animosities being engendered or hot words being used.

When nominations for offices are made, the selections should comprise the best men in both parties; men who will be just in their deal and honest in their actions, in whose hands, whichever way the election goes, the people will feel safe in trusting their affairs.

Under such circumstances we think it will make little difference as to the result of the voting, for good men will render good service, while wicked men, whatever may be the principles of the party to which they belong, are not likely to do that which will be satisfactory to the people.

THE LAW OF RECOMPENSE.

There is no wrong, by any one committed,

But will recoil;

Its sure return, with double ill repeated, No skill can foil.

As on the earth the mists it yields to heaven Descend in rain, So on his head who e'er has evil given,

It falls again.

It is the law of life that retribution

Shall follow wrong;

It never fails, although the execution

May tarry long.

BELATED.

I sent Love forth on a winter night;

White stretched the moor in the cold starlight;

He sped, steel shod, o'er the frozen crust,

And bore the gift of my heart in trust.

The drifted snow on her threshold lay,

She slept unheeding—Love turned away.

Francis A. Van Slantford.

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

ISY MILTON H. HARDY AND (iKOKOK H.

I5RIMHAI.L.

CHURCH HISTORY.

( Dispensation of the Fullness of

Times, continued.) Lecture io.

the "josephites."Subdivisions:—-The so-called Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.—Their special claim;

(a) that the succession in the

Presidency ofthe Church is hereditary (b) that Joseph Smith son of Joseph the Seer is his only legal successor;

(c) that Brigham Young and not Joseph Smith the Prophet taught the "doctrine of plurality of wives;

(d) that the temple ordinance of endowments was neither taught nor practiced by Joseph the

Prophet.—The disproving of their claims;

(a) by Apostle Joseph F.

Smith in public discussion, on evidences from the revelations of the Lord recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants, from Church history facts, and from the voluntary testimony of living witnesses;* (b) by the public declaration of President Wilford Woodruff;f (c) by collated and classified facts and the logical deductions of Elder B. H.

Roberts as contained in the Succession in the

Presidency.

Ref. Whitney's Utah, Vol.

II, p.

331;

Doc.

and Cov., Sec.

124, 127, 128;

Montgomery's American History, p.

250;

Cannon's life of Joseph Smith, p.

137.

Self-review:—1. Who are meant by the "Josephites?"2. Show that their claim to the Presidency of the Church throuo-h inheritance is false.

*During the missionary visit of Alexander and David Smith, sons of the prophet—to Utah several ladies testified to being the plural wives of the Prophet Joseph Smith and their statements, some of them sworn to, are on file and in print.

fPresident Wilford Woodruff testified at a young people's conference that he received his endowments under the hands of Joseph the Prophet, Seer and Revelator, and declared to all that any one who asserted that the Prophet foseph did not give endowments was a falsifier.

3.

Relate the declaration of the Prophet Joseph concerning Brigham as President of the Church.

4.

What is President Woodruff's testimony concerning the claim by the Josephites in regard to the Prophet never giving endowments?

5.

Give historical evidence that Joseph Smith the Prophet taught the doctrine of plurality of wives.

Lecture ii.

the godbeite movement.

Subdivisioiis:—Preparatory steps (a) the spirit of unauthoritative criticism of the Church authorities in private conversation;

(b) dark and misleading inspiration.—The Utah Magazine as a medium of spreading the dissenters'views.—The visit of Alexander and David H.

Smith, Josephite missionaries.—The excommunication of the leaders in the apostate movement.—Official announcement of the action taken against the dissenters and their organ the Utah Magazine.—The visit of Vice-president Colfax with whom the error of the Godbeites acted as a factor in preventing a Utah war.

The futile attempt to start a new creed.

Ref, Whitney's History of Utah, Vol.

II, pp. 320 to 358.* Self-review:—1. What was the alleged aim of the so-called Godbeite

Movement?

2. How was the Utah Magazine connected with this movement and what became of the publication?

3.

In what way did the apostates'error prove a benefit to the Church?

4. What historical relationship existed between co-operation and the Godbeite Movement?

5.

Show that this movement was another instance of the certainty with which danger and disaster accompany antagonism to the recognized authority or Priesthood of God.

* It will be of intense interest to read the speech ef Vice-President Colfax and the patriotic reply of the Champion of Liberty, Apostle

John Taylor.

M. I MANOAL, PART II x 35 AMERICAN HISTORY.

Lecture 16.

independence of the american STATES.

Subdivisions:—Condition of the country.—Need of harmony among the people.—Need of congressional power.—Need of financial relations.

—The north-west territory.—The new constitution, (a) need; (3) the Constitutional Convention; (c) character and results of its work;

(d) adoption of the constitution; (e) the objects accomplished by the constitution.

Ref.

Leading Facts in American History, pp.

185-190;

Ridpath, ch.

ix.

Self-review:—1.

What was the condition of our country and people immediately following our independence?

2.

What important part did the north-west territory serve in behalf of the new republic?

3. What led to the forming of the constitution?

4. What special objects were accomplished by the new constitution?

5. What was the result of the revolution, and what the result of the constitution?

Lecture 17.

na tional period.

Washington's administration.

Subdivisio?is:—Political parties, (a) the Federalists;

(•£.) the AntiFederalists.—Washington elected president.—His inauguration.—His cabinet.

His administration.—Financial redemption of the country.

First census.—Bank of the United States.—Mint.—Emigration westward.—Neutrality proclamation.

The cotton gin.—Whisky insurrection.

Ref, Montgomery's American History, pp. 191-201; Ridpath's

United States, pp. 327-333.

Self-review:—\.

When did the new government go into operation?

2. What was the characteristic difference between the two political parties at the time of Washington's election?

3. What was the financial condition of the government at the beginning of Washington's administration?

4. How was the credit of our government firmly established?

5. What important lesson is taught by the subjugation of the "whisky insurrection?"DOMESTIC SCIENCE.

Lecture 10.

light and lighting.

Subdivisions:—Natural light.—

Artificial light.—Light in dwellings.

Luminosity of flames.—Lamps, (a) kerosene;

(b) argand;

(c) hollowwick.—Illuminating flames.—Gases, (a) coal;

(b) water;

(«r) vapor.

Electric light.—The fire-fly's light.

Ref.

ch.

13 and 14.

Self-review:—

1.

Why should dwelling houses be well lighted?

2.

Name the commonest devices for artificial illumination.

3.

Which are the principal oils used for illumination?

4. What great advantage has electric illumination over the methods which depend upon combustion?

5.

Show the great waste of energy in the ordinary methods of household illumination.

Lecture ii.

water.

Subdivisions:—Occurrence, ( 1 Water in minerals;

(a) water of crystallization;

(b) water absorbed by minerals;

(2) Water in the vegetable kingdom, (a) in fresh plant products;

(b) in air-dried plant products;

(c) absorption of water by plants;

(3) Water in animal bodies.

Ref, ch.

15.

Self-review:—1. Show the indispensability of water in many of the processes of life.

2.

Give examples of minerals containing large proportions of water.

3.

How is water absorbed by plants?

4.

Give illustrations of the occurrence of water in animal bodies.

5.

What do you know of the occurrence of water in the human body?

L"P M.

I. MANUAL PART II.

Lecture 12.

WATER (CONTINUED).

Subdivisions:—(1) Uses;

(a) as water itself; (b) as ice; (c) as steam.

—Neutral properties of water.

Freezing of water.—Ice crystals.

Beautifying effects of water.

Ref.

ch.

16.

Self-review:—t.

Show some of the uses of water in the liquid state.

2. Show the uses served by water in the solid state.

3.

State some of the uses of steam.

4.

Show the great benefits resulting to the world from the difference between the specific gravity of water and that of ice.

5. What do you know of the crystals of ice and snow?

6. Show some of the effects of water in beautifying the earth and air.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT.

Lecture 7.

the ratification of the constitution.

Subdivisions:—The constitution sent from the convention to Congress.—The action of Congress concerning the constitution;

(a) Lee's proposition to amend;

(6) the unanimous resolution to proceed with its ratification.—The presentation of the constitution to the state legislatures by Congress, and to the people by the press;

(a) its friends;

(b) its enemies;

(V) objections to it;

(d) arguments in its favor;

(e) calling of the state conventions;

( f) conditional ratification urged.—Action of the state conventions;

(a) ratification by five states;

(b) the Massachusetts plan;

(e) New Hampshire the necessary ninth;

(d) the remaining ratifications.—-Statesmen's views on ratification;

(a) Washington's for;

( b) Patrick Henry's against;

(r) Essays of Hamilton, Jay and Madison collectively known as the Federalist.

Political parties as a result.

Ref., The American Government, pp.

93102.

Self-review.—1. What is the distinction between the adoption of the constitution and the ratification of it?

2. What was the plan suggested by the convention and followed by Congress and the states for its ratification?

3. Why was the ratification of nine states necessary to the establishment of the constitution?

4.

Explain the Massachusetts plan of ratification.

5.

What two political parties originated with the constitution?

Lecture 8.

preparation for putting the constitution into operation.

Subdivisions:—The second resolution of the constitutional convention.

—The action of Congress (a the president of the Continental Congress calls attention to the fact that nine states had ratified the constitution (b) referring of the ratifications to a committee for examination;

(c) the committee's favorable report;

(d) adopting a resolution fixing time for appointing of electors, meeting of electors, and time and place of commencing operations under the new constitution.—Appointment of presidential electors;

(a) the ten prompt states;

(b) New York division;

(o delinquent Rhode Island and North Carolina.

Ref, The American Government pp.

102, 103.

Self-review:—1.

Give the substance of the second resolution of the constitutional convention so sent to Congress.

2. What was ordered by the Colonial Congress immediately on being informed that some states had ratified the constitution?

3.

State what Congress set each of the following days for:

First Wednesday in January, first Wednesday in February and first Wednesday in March, 1789?

4.

What provision was made by the new constitution for the appointing of presidential electors?

5.

In what procedure was the constitution put into effect before the meeting of the first constitutional Coneress?

Awarded Highest Honors World's Fair.!

...

RPRICE'S Baking Fowl..

Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

'X Pufe Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome No other baking powder does such work.

Dr.- Price's Contains No Ammonia. No Alum, or any other Adulterant.

RUDY'S PILE SUPPOSITORY 1S guaranteed to cure Piles and

Constipation, or money refunded.

cents!per box.

Send stamp for circular andlFree Sample to MARTIN RUDY,

Lancaster, Pa. For Sale by The GodbePitts Drug Co., Salt Lake City, Utah.

1892.

MRS.

WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Years.

It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, cures wind colic, and is the best i remedy for diarrhoea.

TWENTT-MVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

YOUNG 7VIKN Learn a Trade, and compete with the world.

Learn Typewriting, and compete with Few.

The new ANVIL AND SHUTTLE HAMMOND is as good as any machine yet invented.

Not a few think it is better; The Contributor does.

So will yoii GET A CIRCULAR.

ROOM 424 CONSTITUTION BUILDING.

52 WEST, THIRD SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY.

apit:ario/T\.

THE SALT LAKE HOT SPRINGS SANITARIUM

CO.. at 12 WEST, THTBD SOOTS ST., SALT LAKE CTTT, has the Finest Baths

In America, consisting of magnificent large Shimming

Pools, Private Pools, and Fine Porcelain Bath Tubs.

The Sanitarium has conducted its waters from Its Hot Salt-Sulphur Springs north of the city, a distance of about 3 miles, Into the very heart of the city, and has the greatest Bath and Swimming establishment In the world, giving health and recreation to untold ambers of men and women.

ItUa SURE CURE for RHEUMATISM, INDIGESTION, LEAD POISON, DISEASES OF THE KIDNEYS, and similar diseases.

Dr. Henry 0. Marer, of Boston, one of the most renowned and successful physicians in America, on a recent visit to Salt Lake City, said: "You people do not realize what a grand thing you have In your

Sanitarium.

I have visited all the famous European and American bath resorts, and can say that none ftf these waters excel the Sanitarium water for health-giving properties.

It is the finest bath I ever had.

All Utah eRUens should see Che Sanitarium, so that they can appreciate these wonderful Baths.

You are cordially invited to make a personal Inspection of the place.

Attendants will be pleased to show fee Sanitarium without charge.

Baths. %5 eontei.

Towels and Suits washed at Troy Laundry.

a home: industry Utah Nursery Company.

We grow and handle a full line of Choice Nursery Stock.

Sell at low prices, and promise fair treatment to all our patrons.

Address:

Location, Qtri East and 12tn South.

Utah Nursery Company, SUGAR P. O., UTAH.

Rapid Transit Street Car.

Oalder'a Park or Penitentiary Car*.

REMEMBER PLYMOUTH ROCK PRICES.

PANTS TO ORDER, $3.50 to $10.75.

SUITS TO ORDER, $14.50 to $46.

Full Dress Suits in Very Latest Cut, $30 to $75.

Over four hundred and fifty Patterns to select from.

Latest Styles now in.

WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND MEASURE BLANKS.

PLYMOUTH ROCK PKNTS CO.

S. STATE STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN M. CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake Oity.

CHAS.

M.

CANNON, DENTIST.

Rooms 406 & 407 Constitution Bldg.,

SALT LAKE CITY.

JOHN CflMEflCIfi, FIRST -CLASS MADE TO ORDER.

Basement I tali Nat. Bank SALT LAKE CITY.

1840-1892.

MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Years.

It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, cures wind colic, and Is the best i remedy for diarrhoea.

TWEKTY-FIVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

DANIEL HARRINGTON, gWortwy $ $0jun$*l0r-at-f|aw, CONSTITUTION BUILDINS, Opposite Z.

0. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CTTT.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of

Clothes, (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, \V. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, OUfa.

VlXtNTS m. CAVtAI o, I Mil MARKS3f -W COPYRIGHTS.^* CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT?

For a Srompt answer and an honest opinion, write to

I C N N «fc CO., who have had nearly fifty years'experience in the patent business.

Communications strictly confidential. A Handbook of Information concerning Patents and how to obtain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechanical and scientific books sent free.

Patent* taken through Mum & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public without cost to the inventor.

This splendid paper.

Issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. S3 a year.

Sample copies sent free.

Building Edition, monthly, $150 a year.

Single copies, '25 cents.

Every number contains beautiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts.

Address MTJNN £ CO.. Nsw Tokk, 361 Broadway.

American Biscuit and Mfg. Co.

SUCCESSORS TO UTAH CRACKER T"-A.OT?OmT, Manufacturers of 4he Celebrated SILVER BRAND OF FINE CRACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

aarSold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,*^ HENRY WALLACE. Manan«=r.

HSK YOUR GROCER TO GIVE YOU *GOLD BAND* FLAVORING EXTRACTS, BAKING POWDER, and SPICES, MANUFACTURED BY THOMSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

Michigan Avenue, Cor. Lake Street, Chicago.

No Finer Goods in any Market.

KSSETS 01ZE3R $49,000,000.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, salt lake city

W.S- WARREN, RESIDENT SECRETARY, CHICAGO,

ILLINOIS.

ITQaie $ii Independent.

Fort). "3ms in Utah will. do it.

POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U.

S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 108 Wall S reet, New York.

WORLD'S PIC!F0RIflIi hljSK.

Unkn * ^^tSs**'c?

f C5 SYSTEM, The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINEOperating Dining Cars «cP Through

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Oliver \V. M nk E. El lery Anderson Fred'k R. Couderl John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Genera) Mgr.

G.P.&T.A.

Mellin'sFood Children everywhere are the best advertisement of Mellill'S

Food I with their sound bodies, straight limbs, bright eyes, plump cheeks and fresh, radiant faces, they are the highest types ot happy, health)- childhood, and the best evidence that Mellill's Food fulfills every requisite of a food for infants.

Our Book for the instruction rf motliers sent free on application.

D0LIBER-G03DALE CO., BOSTON, MASS.

&*»»*»****»***+»*»»»**>**»****+»*»»*»»:.:

W.E. HUBBARD, 109 w. Second 3outh gY

Salt 1 City, L,