IIV ZION.

>INIONS OF LEADING MEN IN THIS NUMBER.

Our leading Article for the June Number:

OUR MISSIONS AND MISSIONARY WORK.

Illustrated.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MAY.

1894.

The Lessons of a Window (Illustrated) H.

La Gironde.

AStoryof the French Revolution- I What Am IFitFor Appp The Battle Royal Israel Bennion. 412 Preaching and Preaching.

VII N.

L. Nelson. 413 A Fearless Director <>. 420 Homes in Zion.

Ramblings Around the World, XIII, (Illustrated)

G. H. Snell. 440 Forget-me-nots from Christ's Sermon on the Mount

Aggie Sharp. 448 True After Death Carrie Louise Burnham. 449 A Bundle of Contradictions 45 2 Redemption of 'Jerusalem Lu Dalton. 453 The Laboring Man Wm. Stimpson. 453 Editorial:

The Home Industry Movement Courage of Utah Boys A Son's CruelDeed '....

M.

I. Manual, Part II Milton H. Hardy and George H. Brimhall. 456

A Word to Girls Yellow Primroses Hyacinth 460 Established 1873, ^ Capital, $200,000.

surplus, $200,000. * WILPORD WOODRUFF, PnmiDtm.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashikb, Oldest and Largest Savings Bank In Utah, with

Deposit* greater than aD others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prett.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Prett.

Joseph F. Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynold*, T.

G. Webber, H.

B. Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Franois M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy.

We pay 5 per cent. In* terest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any 1 11 for.

matlon youdeelre.

ZION S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 3 4 MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

Dr.

0.

B. Hewett & Son, lSS,, Dooly P.O. Block,DENTIS I S Teeth Extracted and Filled Without Pain •WTlie Best AVorlTfor the Least Money in the Territory.

.

WEHEAT

SALT LAKE Residences, Churches, i School Houses, «- n -% *.#«. ^ «*> ffiasssssri HEATING GO., Etc Etc CALVANIZED IRON & COPPER CORNICES.

NO.

312 RICKETTS BUILDING, STATE STREET.

nenuon tms pap< f

CHAS.

M.

CANNON, DENTIST.

Eooms 406 & 407 Constitution Bldg.,

SALT LAKE CITY.

DAN1KL HARRINGTON, Constitution building, Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN H. CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

DR. ¥. A. CLAWSON, §tnti&% ROOMS 61 & 62 HOOPER BLDG, E. FIRST SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap suit of clothes, or have any old clothes that need cleaning or repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

ppec Trade GOLD FILLED WATCHES Kl Guaranteed for SJO Years, at the phenomenal price of This Prlee makes Trade Free.

Manufacturers were obliged to Nell at some price; we huve bought the watches, and you can make the money.

Bead carefully the full description of the watches below, order at once, and make $200 a Month selling them beside our Grand Gift to Agents.

i°?Ml Jfl 1 WATCHES. * JmBptfi* GOLDF "- LED £^^1^,,,.

liuamnteed 20 Years.

:-"-- >Mir«fflfet §IZE BEST IN THE WORLD.

CUT THIS OUT and send it to us with your name and address and we will send the elegant watch to you by express for examination, and if you think it equal to any $30.00 watch you ever saw, pay our sample price, $9.50, and it is youra. We send with it our guarantee that you can return it at any time within one year if not satisfactory, and If you sell six we will pre you one free.

Write at once, as we shall send out samples

Y^ at this price for 60 days only.

Address A. 8. BELL & CO., Wholesale Jewelers, 269 Dearborn St., CHICAGO, ILL.

Always mention this paper.

DEMAND POND'S EXTRACT.

AVOID ALL IMITATIONS.

FOR ALL PAIN Rheumatism Feminine Complaints Lameness isisE5is^^f soreness ESS Wounds F ttfS!."4Ri?

F Bruises BUFF WRAPPER.

J^ ^•wvw impCatarrh USE p£ s POND'S EXTRACT It will Cure.

18401892.

MRS.

WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Years.

It soother the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, cures wind colic, and is the best i remedy for diarrhoea.

TWENTT-FIVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

READ KOBEKIV Price Cents, postpaid.

?fvTENri m. CAVtAI o, I nMUt MAKKSjW V COPYRIGHTS.^ CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT?

For a Srompt answer and an honest opinion, write to lUNN & CO., who have had nearly fifty year** experience In the patent business.

Communications strictly confidential. A Handbook of Information concerning Patents and how to obtain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechanical and scientific books sent free.

Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public without cost to the inventor.

This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far ths largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. $3 a year.

Sample copies sent free.

Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year.

Stngto copies, 25 cents.

Every number contain* beautiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts.

Address MUNN £ CO.. New York. 361 Bboadwat.

THE FATHEK AND SON.

Aet Glass Window in Salt Lake Temple, donated by Bisbop Jcbn K. ^i>dib.

Vol. XV.

MAY, 1894.

No.

7.

THE LESSONS OF A WINDOW.

PRELUDE.

It is now a year since the long-tobe remembered dedication of the Salt Lake Temple, and since the Hosanna's of the Priesthood and people were heard no more within those sacred stately walls, now and again the same intensity of emotion and spirit reasserts itself as occasion provides for it, without interest or expectation.

One of these memorable occasions was when the choir returned from the

World's Fair, having achieved a reputation which inspiration only could have secured;

in the concert of welcome, Brother Easton repeated in the tabernacle, that highly inspired lyric of "O my Father, thou that dwellest,"and as he did so it seemed as if the gates of the celestial city were more than set ajar, and the influx of the Divine spirit reproduced the warm and strange sensation of proximity, only up to then felt in the services of the dedication.

Another instance occurred lately when the same choir rendered the stirring and appropriate anthem of "Hosanna,"followed by "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning, 'with all the dignity, fire and force of its original presentation in the Temple, surely if the eyes had been closed to exclude surroundings it would have been easy to believe that there was intimate communion with the Holy of

Holies; and that Jacob's dream was ours, where when he rested the heavens were opened, and he saw the 7 a ministering angels ascending and descending in missionary work.

But many a warm thought has come and gone since then besides;

particularly when we have been privileged to saunter for a few moments within that edifice where so much is to be seen, felt and understood;

its varied rooms, its marvelous work, its wealth of beauty, harmony and suggestion, its peaceful spirit, and its very atmosphere;

as a whole and then in detail, as a provoker of thought, of resolve, of effort, of education, and progress, nothing on this round earth is so pregnant with influence and power as is this marvelous House of God and its associate and sister houses, now built and used by the Latter-day Saints.

Almost before the echoes of the dedication had died away, that divine order of personal and vicarious ordinance work for the living and the dead began, which has continued without interruption save for General

Conference services; many a thought has been given to the amazing magnitude of this glorious work, which even figures fail to show, yet from the day of initiation (May 23, 1893, to March 1st, 1894), baptisms for the dead have numbered thirty thousand five hundred;

ordination to the Priesthood for the dead, seven thousand; endowments for the dead, have been over eighteen thousand;

sealings of husbands to wives near five thousand, and sealings of children to parents about twelve hundred;

fig-

4oo THE LESSONS OF A WINDOW.

ures which can be supplemented by an average for the present month, to say nothing of the vast amount of individual work—work for the living, which is no doubt immense;

the whole requiring a large clerical force for that record, which is imperative and continuous.

The growing love for and active interest in this labor of love among the Saints, is phenomenal, and none probably are so favored as to grasp this Temple work or the Temple itself, as a sublime and marvelous whole;

the ordinary mind must come to analysis—to detail, and even then some apparently insignificant thing arrests the attention, enlists the soul, stirs the heart, draws out the affections, and so from step to step, from one thing to another, there grows a certain familiarity, connections multiply themselves until the thinker reverts to the beginning—to first principles as it were, until all others become orderly, consecutive, systematic and understood.

Proceeding from this standpoint is any excuse in order, or need it be wondered that we take a text and frame a discourse based on

THE LESSONS OF A WINDOW?

There are incidents in general history, and incidents of personal experience, which are difficult to express in words, and still more difficult to represent by any art process known to man;

drawing, painting, sculpture, bas relief and photography have been used in turn;

but the highest human effort at reproduction which comes with the latter, is never on time at the supreme moment of any event, or if it is, there is always evidence ©f preparation, effects are set and mechanical, the essential motif escapes, and so, however correct the artist may become in detail, the magnetic seal, and his ideal are equally at fault in reproduction.

This is the poverty of art in the midst of all its richness, much is and has to be left to the imagination and though there are on canvas, productions of the grand masters which are priceless as to value, nevertheless the most truthful and startling fall immeasurably short; famous national pictures, famed historical pictures, grand imaginative pictures, are all clouded with human inability, there are restrictions as to scope, and depth, detail, color and character, all of which essentially call for the play of fancy and ideality, whether the reproduction be in steel engraving, photo-gravure, chromo or photo proper.

And yet pictorial representation is advancing and every day brings it more prominently into use;

illustrated papers, magazines and books are "the order of the day,"and from the time of childhood when we enioyed turning over the pictured pages of the old family Bible and Pilgrim's Progress, to this day when the same books are glorified with finer work, or filled with the rugged boldness and abandon of "Dore,"or other masters, each have a fascination peculiarly their own.

Mormon history was partly imbedded in our youthful fancy, through two large lithographs, and they had a strange and peculiar influence at the time.

These are rarely seen now, but "The flight from Nauvoo,"and the "Prophet's body beside the well at Carthage jail,"had a fascination more potent than many words.

Philo Dibble, Brothers Stevenson, Christensen, and Smith of panoramic note, have each essayed in turn, this way to reach the public heart.

But greater than all, and vastly more costly and artistic are the later efforts at pictorial representations as found in our stately temples; Logan for instance, where the gifted Armitage sanctified his pencil and brush in the delineation of sacred theories.

His majestic figure of Moses, his grandly idealized conception of Jesus, and that great composite, where the latter personage manifests Himself to

THE LESSONS OF A WINDOW.

the ai.cient Nephites will surely always be remembered by visitors to that sacred and restful house.

It is in the Salt Lake Temple, however, where the object lessons born of art are the most numerous and striking.

It was a happy thought to reproduce on a generous scale by an artist's hand, the two great historic landscapes of "Adam-ondi-ahman"and "The Hill Cumorah,"identified as they are with objective circumstances and events in the marvelous history of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and the founding of the great latterday work.

But it was an inspiration which wrought out in art glass—the first in the Territory—that one event of this dispensation which language fails to grasp.

Certainly of the vast thousands who traversed at the dedication that magnificent room (the representation of the highest) not an eye gazed there unmoistened or unmoved, and even of the boys and girls by hundreds whose attention was called by the writer, none failed to give that homage of silence which is more expressive than words.

And the representation is wonderful, it is absolutely void of conventionalism, and unlike any other attempted manifestation of the Divine, so far as the writer's rather extended observation goes;

the theme was a very difficult one to begin with, difficult to suggest and difficult to execute, and its exquisite handling and completion was surely only possible on the principle referred to in the case of Bezaleel when the Ark was constructed for Israel as they wandered in the desert.

(See Ex., xxxi.

Was it not an inspiration also which moved the donor of this speaking window (Bishop John R.

Winder) to thus create by his munificent liberality such an ''object lesson"for the culture of modern Israel, and the bringing home of a mighty truth to their generations for ages yet to come?

Our illustration is from a photograph taken expressly for publication, and our readers are urged to give it serious study;

it represents an event which on the historic calendar of the earth has not been equalled since the grand dignitaries assembled in propria personu, on that eventful day, when the garden of Eden having been prepared for the reception of its keeper, it was said by the allwise and exalted Spokesman, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness,"and it was done.

Controversialists and sceptics may rail against the truth of this manifestation, may deem it unlikely that such an august Being should condescend to thus veil His glory, or to so prepare the faculties of the boy just over fourteen years of age, as to give this, in his mentality, the stability of an actual fact; to be sure, something similar (and yet different) had occurred by the river Jordan, in the meridian of time, when as "the Anointed One, 'who had presented himself to John for baptism, came up out of the water a voice was heard, saying, "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased;"but the thinker sees nothing incongruous in that or this, particularly if it was fitting that Deity should stoop to inaugurate man's introduction on the earth, does it not seem equally so that when, in His beneficence, the "dispensation of the fullness of times''was to be ushered in, that Deity again should manifest himself; should prepare his messenger, and reveal anew the fact that "The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand?'It is also worthy of remark that no further manifestation of these illustrious personages was vouchsafed, jointly or individually to the Prophet, but all subsequent messengers appeared as by the commandment and authority of the Lord Jesus Christ.

The simplicity of the narrative which includes this visitation as given by the Prophet himself in maturer years is

THE LESSOXS OF

.1 H7\/>oil.

sufficient to disarm all criticism, just as the attempts to portray so eventful, suggestive and far-reaching an occurrence, should also silence all but words of approval.

Surely none can think of that beautiful spring morning, the aspirations of that lad, or the astounding results without emotion;

surely none can look upon the pictured representation without doing homage to the benign yet dignified and majestic appearance of the "Father of Lights,"and to the retiring subservient modesty of "His only Begotten."Surely none can look upon the rapt expression on the

Prophet's face, its transcendent yet satisfied surprise without an inward testimony of its truth!

Does it not seem to suggest that expectancy had over-reached itself, until the natural man was giving way?

Is it not evident that the whole being of the simple lad was so overpowered that it would have been difficult for him to tell "whether he was in or out of the body;''whether through the budding trees where he had first beheld the descent of that pillared light, (which, preceded, then surrounded "The Glorified Ones,"until they stood near him, yet a little above the earth) he had not been wafted to the corridors of the celestial city, he only artlessly says, that "when he came to himself, he was lying on his back gazing into the heavens!"The woods, the verdure, the face of the coming Prophet, even his open hand partakes of that radiant illumination—which strange to earth—makes as it were a shadow of the morning sun, and the more the eye lingers the greater becomes the fascination, until absorbed, the curtain of the past rolls up, and you feel yourself in sympathy with and in proximity to, the scenery and circumstance of over seventy years ago Here was the initial point of history as to this great dispensation;

there was planted that seedcorn in Divine purpose on earthly soil which has exhibited itself in a teemine harvest, part of which consisted of that continuous procession of living souls who for so many days during the dedication, moved through and listened to the inspirational teaching given in that sacred edifice, till there was numbered of professing and participating

Israel over seventy thousand persons!

Yes!

Art hath indeed its mission, and there is no field so suggestive ol magnificent promise as is the prolific history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints;

in that will be yet found inspiration for the painter and the sculptor, for the poet and the dramatist, for the orator and the historian; from canvas and marble, from the platform and the stage, by music and eloquence, men of mighty mentality and great spiritual power will yet electrify humanity into a more complete understanding and better appreciation of those special features which embody the past, present and future of all believers and participators in the same!

It was graphically said, that there are those who 'find sermons in stones, books in the running brooks, and good in everything;"so we presume to take lessons from this window, a lesson of beauty, a lesson of faith, a lesson as to the value of prayer, and countless lessons which grow from these, in connection with the Gospel.

There is a grand lesson also, not with it simply as a picture or as being inside the four great walls of a mighty building.

These walls are the outer protection of "the inner sanctuary"—it is "the house of God."A temple for religious ordinance and blessing created, sanctified, glorified by the labor and sacrifice of a devoted people;

its harmonies and appointments are suggestive, emblematical and divine;

its graded rooms the Alpha and Omega of human existence;

its ceremonial brings man en rapport with the Godhead; there are gradual developments and links revealed;

there is promise and Priesthood, there is order and

LA GJRONDE.

beauty and grandeur, suggestion and significance all through; and though for the time being, for satisfactory reasons, part of the appropriate grandeur is veiled, and as yet unused, doubtless a time will come when that graduated splendor which culminates as principle ever indicates, will be as fully utilized as it is now understood in theory and proclaimed in words The lesson of life and being will then be more surely rounded and complete; ornamentation, decoration, furnishing will assume more of the air of reality, and those who enter therein will more warmly and feelingly exclaim, "Surely this is none other than the house of God,"and the duplicate of heaven H.

IV.

Naisbitt.

LA GIRONDE.

A STORY OF THE FRENCH REVOLUTION.

CHAPTER X.

'Tis liberty alone that gives the flower

Of fleeting life its lustre and perfume;

And we are weeds without it.

Coivper.

King Louis XVI.

had been on the throne of France nearly fifteen years.

He had tried to do his duty by the people.

Devoid of the vices of Louis XV., and perfectly honest in his intentions, he had soon won the love of his people.

They had great hope for him, and for a time this confidence had exercised a beneficial influence.

Patriotism became marked, and the business stagnation was somewhat relieved.

The king possessed a mind strangely made up of weakness and obstinacy.

At this critical period of France's history, a king was required of stable character and magnetic personality;

a man who could stand firm while seeming to yield.

Louis XVI. was not possessed of strength of character, and, unfortunately for him, he yielded while seeming to stand firm.

He clung with blind tenacity to the royal prerogatives, while in response to the pressing demands of the common people, he was willing, but did not seem able, to abolish the privileges of the nobility.

In these matters, however, he had no great independence, but seemed to bow in submission to his queen, the beautiful Marie Antoinette, a princess of the house of Austria.

Being of foreign birth, she neither understood the temper nor appreciated the prejudices of the French.

She was of frivolous disposition, and restive under restraint—as obstinate and pettish as a child.

She laughed in her flippant way at customs and matters which the French people had always regarded as sacred, and her extravagance was a matter of indignant remark throughout France.

Her light-heartedness was regarded as offensive boldness, her child-like coquetry, vice and immorality.

Her influence over the king was as unfortunate as it was absolute.

Ministers and advisers must be dismissed and others engaged, not through competency or incompetency, but on account of her whim.

She urged her husband to resist all encroachments upon the rights of the nobility and the prerogatives of the king, and viewed the common people with contempt and loathing.

The ministers employed by the king to assist him in ruling the people, had attempted in vain to stem the tide of national bankruptcy, and since success in this effort could be attained only by the partial or entire abolition of the old feudal privileges, those ministers who seemed willing to go to such a length were removed by the king upon the demand of the nobility.

Others had shown themselves entirely incompetent for the

/../ GIRONDE.

work, and the result was that Louis found himself without funds and without the support of his subjects.

In his extremity there was but one course open to him, the calling of the States General.

Accordingly, August 8th, 1788, he issued a formal call for the elections to be held, preparatory to the assembly of the legislative body in the following spring.

This proclamation was received with rejoicing in all parts of France, and from many of the large cities and populous districts, representatives were sent to Versailles to demand of the king an increased representation in the coming assembly.

Vivian Duruy was the delegate from La Brede.

Waiting until the delegates irom other parts of France had gathered at Paris, Vivian did not reach that city until the early part of December, 1788.

Everything was new and strange to him:

the narrow streets, winding in tortuous mazes and lined with high, overhanging, quaint buildings;

the contrast between the hovels of the poor and the residences of the wealthy; the splendor and magnificence of the public buildings;

but above all these, the character of the people he met upon the streets.

They seemed the incarnation of want and despair.

He had seen misery in his own little village, but he was not prepared to think it so widespread as the appearance of the people assembled in Paris indicated.

They were gaunt, half-famished, and apparently entire strangers to cleanliness; and as for Godliness, its next-door neighbor, what starving man ever did possess much of that?

Our spirits are so closely related to the houses they inhabit, that with the weakening of their tenement through want, they appear (but it is only an appearance) to shrivel and wither away, and lose their pristine piety.

The most righteous man, seeing himself and his family starving through no fault of his, may forget his obligations to God and to man, and consider himself an enemy to both.

So it seemed with the people whom

Vivian met in the streets of Paris.

They surged restlessly and discontentedly in all directions, being led by hope of succor and by external excitement.

They thundered at the gates of the rich, and the constant cry of "Bread! bread!"assailed the ears of the noblemen.

Their pitiable plight was due, in addition to the causes already enumerated, to a heavy hail storm which had swept over the country in the July previous, destroying the crops of a large portion of France.

Vivian proceeded to the place appointed for his stay.

There he thought of the sights he had witnessed,, until his heart was sick, and he felt that upon the thoughtful and conservative rested the responsibility of bringing about a reform of these discouraging conditions.

He had heard of discontent, demands, protests—all the different means whereby the equality of all classes was to be brought about, but he had not been prepared for brawls and riots which he felt sure were coming now.

Pamphlet after pamphlet had been issued and directed to the king, with the demand for equal representation, but Vivian did not think that these demands were to be enforced by anarchy and murder.

As Vivian lay on his bed one night, thinking of these things, he was startled by a strange confusion.

Hastily arising and dressing himself he went into the street.

The flickering light of a hundred torches illumined the scene, revealing a sea of eager, threatening faces.

Gaunt and haggard, showing unmistakable signs of long and continuous fasting, verging on starvation, they needed not their expression of anger and malicious hatred to give them an appearance of fiendishness.

The crowd surged along the street, all bent upon reaching a common point.

As they slowly filed between

LA GIRONDE

the overhanging houses an angry cry arose of "Bread bread!

The king has thrown to his dogs the food we have provided, while we are starving.

Bread Bread!""Death to the nobles!"they cried again, and the shout extended into a roar which swelled and sank at intervals, while the torches were tossed about in wild disregard of the safety of the slight, wooden houses.

Almost mechanically Vivian placed himself in the front rank of the mob, though at heart he did not sympathize with their tumultuous demonstrations.

They passed through a squalid portion of the city, a section occupied by people nearly as poverty-stricken and miserable as themselves, and the number of the mob constantly increased.

These poor dwellings they did not molest, for instinctively they thought them emblematical of the rights of the poor.

Soon, however, they reached the aristocratic portion, where magnificent houses reared their marble fronts, with lights and sounds of mirth and feasting.

Here the demonstrations of the mob became more violent, and the shout, "Death to the nobles!"was more emphatic and vindictive.

Alarmed at the unwonted and terrible noise, the inmates of these houses watched, most of them in mute astonishment and terror, the famished crowd.

While extreme fear was inspired in the hearts of nearly all the nobility thus rudely disturbed in their various enjoyments, a crowd of young debauchees, with their female companions, heated with wine, called at the frenzied mob in ribald tones, "The sans culottes! the sans culottes! You would be the rulers of France!

You are fit only to scare the crows of famine from the fields where our corn grows.

Go back to your dens, and there live the lives to which you were born.

The sans culottes have no right in Paris, the city of the nobility!"To these insulting taunts the rabble replied with indignant shouts of "Down with the nobles!

To death with them They charged upon the houses in the immediate vicinity, and the inmates, who had stepped to the doors to see the mob, hastily retreated and barred the entrances.

.Vivian fully realized the danger which must necessarily result from such an attack, but he was so fired with the zeal inspired by his own wrongs, and the passion and excitement of the moment, that he joined in the onward rush, leading a body of his companions to the house from whence the chief insults had come.

There was no chance for the people to escape.

They ran into the house but were immediately overtaken by the frenzied crowd.

The men resisted fiercely, but vainly.

With one exception, the women seemed hardened, and indifferent to their fate.

She, apparently less brutalized by life in the house of infamv, fell upon her knees and implored the mercy of the senseless mob.

Already the work of death had been performed upon the others, and she seemed about to fall a victim, in spite of her pleadings, when Vivian interposed for her.

"She asks for mercy,"he cried.

"Let her live to repent of her sins!""Let her die to atone for them!"was the answer.

Vivian was determined that no violence should be done to one whom there was a chance to save from degradation.

As one assailant approached the girl, he was promptly felled to the floor.

Another and another followed, and the rest hesitated for a moment.

Vivian took advantage of the pause by seizing the girl and darting through a dark passage.

Though eagerly pursued, he managed to evade the ruffians, and they soon deserted the house in quest of other victims.

"A thousand thanks, my preserver!"murmured the grateful girl.

Without a word of reply, Vivian turned away and walked into the street.

"Heaven!"moaned the girl

4o6 la a/A'ox/)/-:

in agony.

"Must I ever be loathed and treated with contempt?

Is one misstep forever fatal?"In her grief she threw herself upon the floor, and sobbed.

When her grief was assuaged she became conscious of a small object lying beneath her hand.

She picked it up and found it to be a small visiting card.

A glaring light shone through the window facing the street, and enabled her to see the inscription

Vivian Duruy, 137 Rue Revere.

She pressed the card to her lips and hid it in the folds of her dress.

She stepped to the door.

Banks and pinnacles and walls of flame shot up from the buildings on the opposite side of the street.

The maddened mob had accomplished one of its objects.

Scores of wretches imprisoned in the burning buildings, shrieked for the assistance which was not to be given them.

The cries of these and the crash of the falling buildings, added to the roaring and the crackling of the flames, struck terror to her heart.

She ran into the street and traversed the crowd which had gathered to view the conflagration.

Anxiously she pressed upon her way, peering into the faces of the people.

At length she saw Vivian and recognized him.

She paused in her hurried walk, keeping just out of his sight, though his every motion was visible to her.

He was mingling with the anarchists, who were calling down curses upon their hapless victims.

"The diipes and peers fall before the power of the people,"was the taunting cry.

''Their ruin is the salvation of France, 'was its echo.

Vivian walked through the streets of Paris all that night.

Wherever he turned, he saw the houses of the wealthy in flames, and heard the anarchistic cries of the marauders, "There is no law to govern us, the sovereigns of France.

The triumph of the usurpers is past."He felt heartsick at the thoueht of anarchy.

He feared that the unreasoning passions of the populace would overturn the plans and destroy the hopes of those who wished not only to be their own masters, but to rule France according to law.

As he passed toward his lodgings he was followed, always at a safe distance, by the girl he had saved from death, now forgotten by him.

She watched him as he turned from street to street until he entered the Rue Revere, and passed into his lodgings.

"It is Vivian Duruy,"she murmured, "Vivian DuruyJ"She repeated the name several times in a reverential tone, and then found her own place of rest upon the curb stone.

Vivian had seen enough of Paris.

He had already presented several petitions to the king, and the one he had intended submitting was rendered unnecessary by the more persuasive riots of that night.

He therefore determined to return immediately to his home.

Two hours after the sun arose, he packed his few belongings and descended the stairs.

As he reached the street, he saw a girl, shivering with cold and looking at him with breathless eagerness.

As he approached her, she caught his hand.

He drew it from her and threw her a piece of silver.

"It is not money I want, Monsieur, she said in a pleading tone.

"I am she whom you saved from death last night.

I have come to thank you.""No thanks are due me for so slight a service,"he replied.

Then observing that she misconstrued his meaning, he asked, "What is your name, girl?""Marie Latour,"she answered.

"Can I render you assistance?

Believe me, I wish to repay you for your goodness.

I know the city if you are to be here long—

"I shall not remain long,"said Vivian with some impatience.

"I am glad to have served you.

Let

THE COURIER OF THE CZAR.

that suffice.

Further acquaintance between us is impossible.

"You are thinking of my past life—""Yes, yes, I am.

Leave it.

Devote yourself to worthy acts.

Live as God intended you to live.

Farewell!"He turned away.

He saw not her look of pain, caused by his cold and severe words.

"Farewell!

God bless you!"were her only words as he passed down the street.

She stood at the door, weeping.

The petitions of the people, no less than their deeds of violence during the winter of 1788-9, had their effect upon the king and his ministers.

Before the opening of spring, the announcement was made that the States General would meet in May, 1789, and that the representatives of the commons, as those from whom revenue must come, should be as numerous as both the other orders.

Crowds assembled in the various departments, and the election of representatives of the tiers etat began.

The province of Guienne elected its delegates with considerable trouble.

No one was elected from the little village of La Brede, but Vivian was appointed by the people residing there to accompany the deputies to Versailles and render all assistance in his power.

Accordingly, on May 1, 1789, he found himself again in Paris.

He sought his old lodgings, and determined to watch with closest scrutiny the progress of events.

On May 5, he went to Versailles.

He walked with the representatives of the people in the parade which immediately preceded the assemblage of the legislature.

He saw with indignation that the representatives of the commons were subjected to every form of petty tyranny and disrespect, not being permitted to enter at the same door with the other deputies.

The demand being made that the three orders should meet in separate rooms, there was an indignant protest.

For weeks the quarrel lasted, and no work was done.

At length the two upper orders repaired to their respective rooms for deliberation the third estate remained in the room of general assembly.

"We have the right to legislate for France,"exclaimed one of the deputies.

"We are the National Assembly!"''The National Assembly 'became the general cry, and the name was adopted with enthusiasm.

As Vivian stood with the representatives of the people on June 23, an emissary of the king appeared at the door, and demanded that the assembly repair to its own room.

The members arose in anger.

One of their number shouted, "Go and tell those who sent you, that we are here by the will of the people, and that we shall not budge save at the point of the bayonet!"For their boldness they were shut out of the royal palace.

They assembled, first in a tennis court, and then in a church, and vowed not to separate until they had prepared a constitution for France.

They invited the other orders to join them, and the invitation, after some hesitation on the part of the nobility, was accepted.

The legislative family was complete.

Laertes.

(To be continued THE COURIER OF THE CZAR.

Last year Mr.

G.

A.

Purbeck, senior member of an important financial firm in New York, was solicited by a Russian countess to visit her estates in far-off Siberia, examine some gold mines which are located upon her property, and report concerning the workings of the same.

The gentleman did not desire to undertake the labor, and consequently placed his remuneration at the high figure of twenty thousand dollars, in the expectation that his proposi-

4o8 WHAT AM I FIT FOR?

tion would be promptly rejected.

The lady, however, to his astonishment, and somewhat to his regret, immediately accepted his offer and called him to Russia for personal consultation.

He responded to the summons and, receiving his instructions, was about to depart, when a maid was called, and acting under instructions of her mistress, prepared a secret pocket within his vest.

The countess then handed him a document embellished with large seals, with the remark:

"Should you ever be in trouble, or unable to successfully prosecute your labors, you have only to show this document and it will doubtless bring you assistance."Mr.

Purbeck proceeded on his journey and for some days made satisfactory progress.

Arriving at one of the small settlements within the Siberian borders, he found some difficulty, however, in procuring transportation.

His time being valuable, he regretted the delay, but finally bethought himself of the document which was concealed on his person, and produced it for the examination of the Russian officials.

No sooner had they scrutinized it than they were profuse in their apologies for the delay, and appeared extremely anxious that every facility for the pursuit of his journey should be afforded him.

A commercial traveler who just happened along with a good team had his animals taken Irom him, and they were attached to a vehicle of Mr. Purbeck, who proceeded on his journey.

At every point along the road the same careful attention was paid to his wants.

In one settlement the governor, surrounded by a squad of Russian troops, greeted him on his arrival.

At this place he was invited to attend a ball in the evening, but not being provided with suitable clothing tor such an occasion he tried to excuse himself. The governor, however, provided him with all that was needed for the occasion.

Mr. Purbeck could not understand the cause of all these attentions, but after some manceuvering succeeded in finding an opportunity to question the private secretary of the governor concerning the matter, and learned to his astonishment that the paper which he carried, Mr. Purbeck being himself unable to read the Russian language, contained the autograph of the Czar, and gave the bearer the same privileges which a special courier of his majesty would enjoy.

Hence the obsequiousness and diligent attention of all the officials with whom he came in contact.

Mr.

Purbeck in due time arrived at his destination and made examinations of the gold mines belonging to the Countess, as also some mines of a similar character belonging to her sister on a neighboring estate.

He found the business of these mines very much neglected and mismanaged, and made his report accordingly.

This gentleman's visit gave him new and more favorable views concerning the great Siberian land of exile.

He states that if transportation facilities were provided in that great empire, sufficient gold could be mined to make this precious metal as much of a drug on the markets of the world as silver now is.

He also says that the geographical condition and resources of that great country are but little known.

Many of its large valleys and plains remind him greatly of America, and he believes that if Siberia were once opened to civilization and placed under proper government, it would be wonderful in both its mineral and agricultural resources.

Mozo.

WHAT AM I FIT FOR?

There are few men who will not readily grant, as they look back on their past history, that the choice of a trade or profession was one of the severest ordeals of their lives, and in the issue of which they have had

WHAT AM I FIT FOR?

either usually to thank some good fortune, or to entertain some bitter regrets.

It is better that a youth should consider well, even though not fully able to solve this question for himself, than to have it thrust upon him in the form of ''What in the world art thou fit for?"The selection of the profession or business to which one's life is to be devoted, is not only a grave, but in most cases a difficult task.

The choice of a wife, for instance, about which so much has been said, is nothing to it.

In that delicate matter, young men have mighty helpers in the fair sex themselves, but in this critical task of a choice of a trade or profession, there is no mighty helper; we must in this matter help ourselves, and of the importance of a right choice it is impossible to speak in too strong terms:

on a right choice depends the success of a whole life.

Nobody wants you, young man, if you have never asked yourself, "What am I fit for?"This is the terrible rock in.the way.

Half a dozen young girls would gladly have you for a husband as soon as you can do anything for yourself and one of them, but in the secular concerns of life-occupation there is nobody who cannot do well enough without you.

The best help in this direction must come from oneself in serious investigation and repeated trials of one's fitness.

Many choose a profession without due consideration, only to have to break it off in haste, or repent at leisure.

An agriculturist the first occupation of civilized man has special need of more varied faculty, or combination of faculties, than probably devolves on any person pursuing a more strictly subdivided branch of industry.

In the care of his live stock he must have a little at least of the physician in him.

In his crops, seeds, and judgment of soil, he must be observant of the laws of nature, and to that extent be a man of science.

He also needs to be a gfood marketer.

He has much to buy and sell, and must have the shrewdness of obtaining value for value, which forms the special function of the merchant.

In the regulation of his ditches and fences, and in the utilizing of his water courses, there is room in him ^ven for a large spice of the civil engineer.

A merchant needs larger stores of information, and should be master of some special studies, such as figures, finance, and the laws of exchange.

The merchant is essentially a man of the world, and he requires the active powers, the keen and observing spirit of that character, together with the habits of the strictest punctuality and method in his own affairs.

He is ever in contact with knaveries, with errors of account, and the constant strife of pecuniary interests—though not more than the profession of law entails.

A lawyer requires closer study and more intellectual subtlety and force than the merchant, but both alike have to encounter the hard and sharp dealing of the world.

The choice of middle-class youths, those of limited means, apart from agriculture and a few government positions, is between commerce and the learned professions.

If it were to be asked on which of these diverging streams it were more eligible to embark—the youth being well qualified for either—one would certainly say, the learned profession.

It has not only a higher social standing, just because it is more directly social in its ministration, but its future is more secure of reward in modest competence and general respect than the gaudy lives of merchandising, with its fierce passions of gain, gnawing envies, and deep hazards, usually afford.

A professional man, whether doctor, lawyer or divine, if capable and moral, can seldom be without money-earning power, never without a hand and brain to help in society, and so never be a castaway;

but a bankrupt "merchant prince"is not only a frequent phenomenon, but is the most pitiable object under

////.//'AM I FIT FOR?

the sun.

The professions, however, offer but a limited field of employment—might soon be overstocked, if not already—and in this respect are not to be compared with the great trade and commerce of the world.

Mercantile life will continue, of necessity, to absorb a great number of young men, who might be well fitted for a learned profession, but it is well to consider the distinctive qualifications necessary for commercial business and the several professions.

It is a singular and objectionable characteristic of our time that "trades"are less in repute than they used to be amongst our more robust and straightforward ancestors.

This fact is to be lamented, because it is industry (handicraft) and the productions thereof, which form the foundation of states.

Whether it be due to the spread of education or to the increase of effeminacy, the fact remains that the children of the working man of today nearly always desire to become shopmen or clerks, or something where they can dress smartly, keep their hands clean, wear rings, and be "gentlemen"(save the mark) This contempt for manual labor should be earnestly combated by every well-wisher of the community, in public and press on every possible occasion.

The nobility and majesty of labor should be upheld and pointed out as an object lesson to our children.

The prosperity of a country depends upon what its inhabitants produce;

not upon what they pass from hand to hand, or enter into account books.

If a man produce anything—a house, a table, a book, a blade of grass, a field of wheat, he benefits the world by so much;

but the one who only passes the things made from one hand to the other, as the shopmen, or sets down the fact of such transmission, as the clerk or book-keeper, is, compared with the producer, but a weak cumberer of the earth.

Nor are the rewards of handiwork mean or insufficient.

For, beside the fact that the artisan has in his trade a livelihood in whatever land he may sojourn, he has also the chance of commencing an independent business, which may perchance grow to gigantic dimensions.

In this regard his chances are far superior to those of the shopman or the clerk to whom no such career as that of Stephenson or Edison is open.

The first consideration when deciding upon a trade must be one's physical and mental capabilities and qualifications.

A small, weakly lad should not apprentice himself to blacksmithing, engineering, carpentry, masonry, or any laborious trade, unless he has some special reason for so doing.

A tendency to vertigo or dizziness is a disadvantage in trades using ladders, such as bricklayers, masons, carpenters and painters.

A flat-chested person, with weak lungs, is not adapted for a shoemaker or harness-maker, and still less for a printer or mason, the former being especially fatal.

A boy with short, stubby fingers is not well suited for a painter or printer;

nor one who squints as a printer or book-binder.

Color-blindness is a serious obstacle to trades where colors are extensively used.

Mathematical studies should be followed by those adopting architecture, masonry, or decorative painting as a profession.

Some knowledge of mechanical drawing comes in useful for almost every pursuit.

The study of harmonious coloring is of importance to the painter, printer and lithographer.

These are all trades which cannot fail to be in universal request, and they all need steady, thorough-going, ambitious young men to make a success of them.

There are manytrades and professions in the world, but the "building trades"—including masonry, bricklaying, carpentry, joinery, painting, plumbing, paperhanging and glazing—are by far the most important, and, generally speaking, the most remunerative.

Few

WHAT AM I FIT FOR?

men are employed in the production of the clothing of the world, it being largely done by the fair sex in the great mills and factories.

Wood, steel and copper-plate engraving are well-paid trades, and as the great West grows, artificers in these lines will be in greater demand than at present.

But a boy should have some artistic taste and skill in drawing who selects engraving as a trade.

Watch -making and jewelry are good trades in the East, though watchmaking has deteriorated of late years.

This trade requires neatness, thoroughness, and a fine mechanical faculty.

Engineering is a very profitable and popular business.

Wages are good, but sometimes the work is laborious, and often dangerous.

Saddlers, harness-makers and collarmakers are indispensable even in the smallest country place, and if the famous canaigre root possesses the tannic properties claimed for it, and we can tan our own leather by the means at home, it would seem that the future might need a small army of saddle and harness makers.

It is also a business in which a young man might easily embark "on his own hook."The cabinet and upholstery trade offer a field for young men of ingenuity and mechanical ability.

We import nearly all of our furniture, but the day is coming when it shall be made at home.

From the strides taken of late years by electricians in turning the wonderful fluid into every branch of industry, would suggest to the observer that all knowledge pertaining to electrical engineering should be eagerly sought by those adopting engineering as a profession.

Electricity is the coming motive power.

It is already utilized to convey not only our thoughts but our precious persons too and fro.

It is lighting up the great cities of the world, and rocking the embryo man in his cradle.

It not only is an angel of mercy but an angel of death—it saves and it destroys, it soothes the pain of the rheumatic, infuses new life into the paralyzed limb, and is an avenger of the slain.

Those having a mechanical turn of mind should give their attention to the importance of this fact, and if they take to this profession, I have no doubt the future will afford them a wide field in which to use their talents.

Every young man should apprentice himself to a trade.

He should determine to stay with it, master it in all its details, and if the future brings him an opportunity for the operation of his talents in some more extended sphere, he will, like Horace

Greeley, be glad he learned a trade.

It is said of Greeley, who served as an apprentice to the printing trade, that after he became an editor, he would look wilh pride at his printer's setting rule, and feel that he possessed something by which he could always make a living.

In conclusion, I hope the day is near at hand when technical education will be more generally diffused;

when evening classes will be established, where lectures will be given pertaining to the various professions and trades extant among us, and render a good selection more easy to parent and child.

No apprentice learns everything of his trade at the workshop, he must learn about it from others, and what a fund of information he might receive from those expert in the craft, if they would but be given the opportunity to teach him!

In nearly all large business and manufacturing centers lecture courses on printing, painting, photography, architecture, and all the ''building trades''are given during the winter evenings.

It is a lamentable fact that working men do not want to teach the youth of today, they fear the boy of today may take their place as a man tomorrow, and are reticent about imparting information.

Hence the necessity of opportunities being afforded our youth to become first-class artisans.

Apprentice.

THE BATTLE ROYAL.

Long had King Winter ruled the lind;

Long had we felt his icy hand;

Tired now of his chilly breath,

Which brought to the buds and blossoms death;

Tired of Frost, with his bitter sting,

We long for beauteous, balmy spring.

Novv answering comes, the Spring Queen's call,

Like distant, murm'ring waterfall;

Scarce heard, so faint, scarce understood,

But by the songsters of the wood "Go, tell the tidings far and near,

Winter must go, for Spring is here!"

King Winter, feasting with his lords,

Hears from afar the fateful words;

Hears, and with amused, sarcastic air,

Turns to his chieftains gathered there "What do I hear—a whisp'ring thing."Fierce Wind replied: "'Tis the voice ot Spring;

"She comes to wake each sleeping flower,

And bid the birds to leafy bower."Then laughed they long, and laughed they loud;

Ah! they were a hale and hearty crowd.

That night they flung, as if in mirth,

A mantle white o'er all the earth.

But the voice of Spring is heard once more,

And this time louder than before;

Unchecked, unscared by threat or sneer,

Her challenge rings out, bold and clear:

"The birds must sing The bees must hum Away, cold Frost, for Spring has come!"

Then rose the Storm King in his wrath,

Nor will he spare aught in his path

Aloft he waves his ice-mailed hand,

As forth he calls his warrior band.

Thus to his chieftains, stern and gray "Prepare to meet the foe this day!

"Fierce Wind, command thy legions, go,

O'er all the mountain passes blow

Thou, Blinding Snow, show forth thy might,

Let not thy rage be checked till night Keen Frost, go thou o'er vale and hill,

And bind the earth my captive still!"

His mandates grim his chiefs obey;

He sees them arming for the fray;

And laughs as he sees the lowering sky,

On Stansbury's pride, Dutch Mountain, high.

"O'er all the land I now am king, Who dares oppose?

Where now is Spring?"Alas, proud king!

Sad is thy fate The fate of kings, the high and great

Who know not.

till misfortune dire O'ertakes them, whether love or hire

Brings to them friends that praise and cheer,

Console the heart and soothe the ear.

One chief, by thee thought loyal, true,

Has seen the Spring and loved her, too

Fierce, brawny Wind, whose mighty power

Vernon No quiet knows, no resting hour

Whose temper makes stout hearts afraid

In sunnier climes has wooed the maid.

Reluctant, furious, down the vale

He comes—a wild, tempestuous gale;

But Spring moves quickly on behind,

She speaks his name in accents kind:

He hears, and softer grows his mood.

Anon, her sweet breath warms his blood.

Now to King Winter comes a change

Creeps o'er his limbs a weakness strange

Gone is his sword, his warriors fled;

He bids, but none his mandates dread

Obey;

alone, he sits alone, And broods on greatness vanished, flown.

Thus, at the mercy of his foes,

Driven, he slowly northward goes

Nor yields he without blows, e'en now,

Oft does he turn with angry brow;

Renewed his frame by sudden power,

Beats back his foes—but for an hour.

E'en Wind, o'erawed, obeys the king,

And wars impetuously with Spring

Repents, uncertain of his mind

Ah, fickle, false, unstable Wind!

Obeys, betrays, now king, now queen,

Now wildly raging, now serene.

O'erpowered, beaten, Winter now

Despairing sits with brooding brow

Full well he knows his time is come, Without, he hears Spring's busy hum

While thus the Wind before the door "Winter, away!

Thy reign is o'er!"Bright Spring herself the monarch greets;

Enrobed with verdure, crowned with sweets:

"O, king,"she cries, with outstretched hand, "Is there not room, in this broad land.

For both?

May we not dwell in peace?

Let friendship rule;

let warfare cease."But the proud old king drew back and frowned,

And closer drew his mantle round;

So spake: "Where e'er thy face

I see, Spring-queen, no room is there for me.

Thy friendship, pity, may'st thou spare;

Not will I in such bounties share.

"From thy domain, now, go I forth To realms of mine, in yon far north,

Where step of thine, nor tone, nor word

E'er has been, or e'er will be heard.

There I am supreme, my vassals true;

Adieu, false Wind Fair Queen adieu!"So, bent and wrinkled, cold and gray,

With frowns and tears, he moved away,

While flowers starting from the earth,

And all else join in gladsome mirth,

Bird, blossom, tree, valf, hill and green

Hail jovously their new-found queen.

, March 16, 1894.

/snn-t Bennion^

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

VII.

THE SUBJECT-MATTER—THINKING VS. THOUGHT-GATHERING.

In my last paper, devoted to the scope and the order of importance of subject-matter, I urged that Elders acquaint themselves, (i) with the Gospel, which is the divine plan and program of our eternal education;

(2) witlv the Church organization, which may be counted the school including the teaching; and (3) with the people, who may be called the pupils of this school.

Nor should we be satisfied with the shallow, superficial study generally made of these factors.

Nothing but a logical, a profound acquaintance with these things can make us powerful as preachers;

for, as was pointed out, it is as irrational to hold that a man, unacquainted with the art of teaching, unskilled in school management, and ignorant of the natural growth of child mind, is capable of conducting successfully an institution of learning, as to believe that the preacher, alike ignorant or superficially informed, is prepared to lead men's souls to salvation.

The principle that before you do a thing, you must know how, holds as well in the one instance as in the other.

I state the case thus strongly that I may meet at its fullest force an objection I anticipate here:

"I was always under the impression,"says the objector, "that it is no part of the Elder's business to cast about him as to the needs of the people when he arises to preach:

that this is exclusively the function of the Spirit of Truth.

Is it not almost blasphemy for the preacher to try to figure out the wants of a congregation?

How many chances of going astray against one of choosing aright

No, no;

the Holy Ghost alone can • search the hearts of men, and give meat in due season.

Let not the duty be put upon man's observation and judgment."Now, it is difficult to reply to this objection unless the truths it contains be first drawn away from the lurking error.

First, it certainly is no time for the Elder to begin to study the wants of the people, after he has been called upon to speak:

such study should have been the constant bent of his previous life.

Further, it is certain such study should never be undertaken save under the guidance of the Spirit of Truth.

Surely the objector will not urge that the only time that the Spirit will lay bare these wants is before an assembled audience!

Is it blasphemy, then for man under such an influence to form his judgment concerning the needs of the Latter-day Saints?

Who will dare to be so presumptuous as to say this?

Indeed, so far from dissuading him, will not the Spirit, if interrogated, expressly lay upon the preacher the duty of forming just and accurate ideas on the Gospel, the Church, and the people?

For if the speaker have not such just and accurate ideas when called upon to speak, how can the Spirit bring them to his mind?

Even though the Spirit search out the needs of the congregation, what is there in the store-house of the speaker to supply such needs?

Suppose that the Spirit would, for the good of the congregation, supply the spiritual food needed, by sheer wordfor-word revelation—would the mind of the Elder be pliable enough to permit such a thing to be done?

In ninety-nine cases no—in one case yes, perhaps;

but in this case the man would be unconscious of using his own powers, oblivious to what he had said.

"Out of the fullness of the heart the mouth speaketh."There is, ordinarily, no other way.

If a man knows only how to raise potatoes, potatoes will be his sermon, let the Spirit strive as it will.

For the demonstration of this truth, I only ask that you go to meeting and listen.

In nine cases out of ten the Spirit

PREACHING AND PR/CACHING.

will fail to lead us into paths which we have not previously broken, faintly at least, by observation and reflection.

But this is not the fault of the Holy Ghost;

it is because we, in the unpliability of our spirits, will not trust inspiration to lead us out of the beaten track.

Depend upon it, if we would be as clay in the potter's hands, we must see to it that the clay is well mixed before we come to meeting.

I trust the reader will pardon this digression by way of review, the more so, as in a way it serves to introduce the subject of this paper, which is how to mix the clay:

in other words, how to think and get into the habit of thinking.

It is surprising how few people there be that think.

The ''thoughtless multitude,"is no merely rhetorical phrase.

Nothing is truer, even of well-informed people.

It was believed that universal education would make all men thinkers, but this thought has not been realized.

It has merely furnished, universally, thoughts ready-made.

The ratio of real thinkers remains about the same.

Indeed, it would not be reckless to hazard the opinion that they are probably fewer in this age of newspapers and electricity;

for many educated people whose heads are now filled with thoughts from books, might have been thinkers had they been thrown more upon their own powers.

It seems to me that our Elders, be their information meager or extensive, must become thinkers if they would have their preaching virile enough to breed thoughts and acts in their hearers.

Let me develop further this figure, for in it is set forth, I believe, the vital distinction between first-hand and second-hand thoughts.

Look over the circle of your acquaintances and pick out a man whom everybody praises for his brilliancy.

Gifted primarily with a splendid memory, he has added to the charms of a vivacious mind the graces of rhetoric and elocution.

In fete or social circle he is the admired of all admirers.

Now, by the first impulse of one's reasoning such a man should have many disciples.

Nothing could be further from the truth.

If he has followers at all, depend upon it, they are the most superficial of imitators. Why is this?

Now look over the circle again, and pick out the man who actually has disciples.

In point of dazzlingness, if I may coin a word, he does not begin to rival the first, yet in real power to shape the destiny of the people among whom they live, they are not to be compared at all.

The preaching of the first may charm us, that of the second seldom fails to warm us.

We applaud the first; we heed the second.

To the first we come for entertainment, to the second for counsel.

The one may indeed be an electric fountain, but its waters at best will taste of the pipes;

the other is nature's spring, sparkling forth amid the beaded moss of rocky cleft and cavern.

The first, conscious of borrowed finery, guards jealously the machinery that enables him to produce such splendid effects, and hence we can only guess at his inner life;

the second, glowing with the warmth of original discovery, makes us feel rather what he is than what he does.

What then is the specific difference between these minds?

It is a question of native thinking;

the one is a mere lodging house for thoughts, polished, brilliant, cosmopolitan, perhaps, as lodgers are apt to be, but always hiding their real selves;

the other is a home, a birthplace of thoughts, crude, unpolished, even homely, perhaps, but withal loving and lovable, as children are likely to be.

That we should reverence and be influenced by the latter more than by the former is not strange;

for it is incontestable that we trust whom we love, not whom we admire merely.

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

4*5 Thinking may thus be called the virile power of the mind; and minds will be fertile in reproducing themselves just in the ratio that they are vigorous and exact in their power to think correctly.

On the other hand it may be said of minds whose powers have been vitiated by trashy literature, that they are emasculated;

and of minds whose thinking powers never having been used, have never been developed—the vigor designed for these parts being used elsewhere—that they are impotent.

Emasculated minds have so lost the tone and vigor of all the faculties as to be fit only for mechanical operations and these generally of a lower order.

By minds impotent I mean first those merely that have not developed virile power—power to think independently, the power that makes disciples.

Such minds are for the working purposes of the world, still most useful.

They are mirrors reflecting, prisms refracting the discoveries, inventions, and thoughts of the world;

cisterns filled by rills of knowledge from every point of the compass;

reservoirs whence are drawn by mere compilation most of our text-books, literary-hash books, reviews, essays, lectures, sermons.

But all such minds desire to seem profoundly original.

Editors mix vituperation in the hope that muddiness may be mistaken for depth.

Teachers sometimes change textbooks that the source of their supplementary talks may not be known to students.

Preachers (in the world) swap sermons, suppress quotation-marks, look learned, and say in sepulchral tones: "Thou shalt not steal.

Yet all these people are the very woof, if not the warp, of society.

There may in fact be, as already pointed out, much brilliance with very little native thinking power.

Indeed, it might seriously be contended that, for mere purposes of conveying facts and expanding the field of knowledge, minds trained to voice the thoughts of others are superior to native thinkers as having a wider range and being, as it were, a sort of books with tongues.

But where character is to be formed, where evil habits are to be uprooted, and good ones planted in their stead, there is need of a warmth and positiveness of conviction never found disassociated from genuine thinking.

It is for this reason, I maintain, that whatever else they may or may not be, Latter-day Saint preachers must be thinkers.

And so, it may be said, they are, in every case where their discourses tell for good among their fellow-men.

In a former article I had occasion to divide our Elders into four classes, viz:

(i) those who read much and think much, (2) those who read much and think little, (3) those who read little yet think much, and (4) those who read little and scarcely think at all.

The last might better be classed under minds impotent, since they have neither thoughts of their own nor of any one else.

But I have paid my respects to this class in a way sufficiently pointed in former papers.

It will be seen that the parallel I have attempted to draw in the foregoing is between the second and third class—those that read much yet think little and those that read little and think much.

Now, it is quite safe to affirm that most of the marvels accomplished by preaching in this dispensation have been by men of the latter class.

Nothing is more common than to read in the biographies of the natural leaders among us that they enjoyed no advantages of scholastic training.

Thinkers also are the men that dominate society among us today, not only from a religious, but also from a social and an economical standpoint.

When these men arise to speak, they say something, because they have been thinking something.

The people listen, heed, and act upon the

PREACHINC AND PREA CIIISC

counsel given—such is the power of real thought.

Their sermons are often crude in composition, illogical in argument, and lacking in consecutiveness; seldom do they possess the external graces of oratory.

What matter?

Latter-day Saints ceased to look for acrobatic feats in word-building when they left sectarianism.

Sufficient for them if their minds be stirred to activity: they are not scrupulous as to the way it is done.

Had there been no worse sermons than these, I should not have been induced to write these criticisms on preaching.

However, let it not be thought that there is no room for improvement i in this class.

But more of this later.

What made these men thinkers?

Dire necessity.

Thrown face to face with mankind and with nature, and not having the thoughts of others in their heads, they were compelled to think what to do and how to do it.

This emergency set the wheels of thought in motion, and that is all that was required.

Once started, they go on forever.

No one but the angel of death can stop them;

nay, even he cannot: he but oils the bearings that thereafter they move noiselessly.

These men have sons that might become all that is implied in the first division—men that read much and think much;

but too often they fall early victims to a system of fact cramming.

Thoughts ready made are so easily accessible, so tastily dressed, and so immediately effective for display, that these youths never awaken to the need of the thinking faculty.

Indeed, if their teachers, by a combination of circumstances, force the birth of a homeling, it is so misshapen by comparison with bookthoughts as immediately to be disowned.

Son and sire are now pitted against each other as preachers:

book-learned brilliancy against roughhewn thought.

As before pointed out, the people are entertained by the first, but counseled by the second.

But note this tendency:

the rising generation, incapable of thoughtdiscrimination, are insensibly caught by externals.

The more the artistic culture of the world finds its way into our schools, the more difficult does it become for these scions to appreciate the homely thoughts of their fathers.

The fathers, with clearer perception, accustomed to weigh things rather than words, are grieved at the high-falutin shallowness that they see becoming popular with the young.

The breach is likely to widen. On the one hand the fathers, having the choosing of the preachers, will continue the good old sermons;

on the other, the children, unwilling to look upon truth in a homely garb, will find—do find—a thousand pretexts for staying away from meeting.

Let us give this problem a little thought.

In this wide-spread captivation for outward form may be seen, by anyone who will give it a moment's reflection, one element of a mighty intellectual evolution just now beginning to sweep over Zion.

Thinkers we must call those Elders who, in the past, have deserved the name of preachers at all;

but God never intended that they should stop short of becoming cultured thinkers, as are most of our leading speakers now.

There will be no resting place below the summit.

A similar evolution has already swept over us in methods of agriculture, in style of architecture, and in the amenities of dress and social usage.

Nor have we failed to appreciate the blessings of these changes.

It seems to me, therefore, worse than idle to stand in opposition to this greater evolution of mind.

In the past, preachers who read little and thought much have sufficed for our growth.

Preachers that read much and think little may mark the transition.

Their time will be short;

perhaps I should be more exact to say, are marking the transition.

The preachers of the future will be

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

they who read much and think much;

by which I mean men of wide general culture and profound thought; men that will study the art of preaching both as to matter and manner, with no other motive than that they may be able to save souls.

There are many reasons why this must be so.

No greater compliment can be paid a man's intelligence than to say he is a thinker.

But a carpenter is not always an architect, though both be thinkers.

The difference is one of culture.

Thinking is like fire:

it needs fuel.

The more fuel the greater the warmth, the brighter the light.

Thinking is conditioned by the amount and the variety of material gathered into the mind's work-shop.

That many work-shops are turned into mere store-houses does not count against the need of material for thinking.

The material gathered from the area of but a single life's experience may have been sufficient to produce a thinker;

the thinking may even be clear and intense, but it will be too narrow to be wise or trustworthy.

Thinking that shall benefit a city must be based on a clear perception of the needs of the whole city, not alone on those of the individual thinking; thinking that shall benefit the state must be from knowledge at least commensurate with the state lines;

thinking that would benefit a nation must spread out the map of the whole country;

thinking that would benefit the world cannot afford to despise any knowledge.

Now, this last is what we set out to do.

It is for this reason that we need the broadest culture that education can give, coupled with the profoundest thought that the mind is capable of.

That our thinking at present is shallow is best evidenced by the fact that we fail, sometimes ignominiously, to control matters and things in a very narrow precinct.

My next question is:

What is thinking?

Before I attempt an answer, let me show you the thinker at work as compared with the mere gatherer of thought.

The first goes to nature and trusts rather his own eyes and ears than books;

the second will climb to the top shelf of the library, fight his way through cobwebs quivering with busy spinners, seize hold of a dustbegrimed book on zoology—all for no other purpose than to find out how many legs a spider has!

If the first be appointed to lecture, or to write an essay, he prepares the skeleton of it and takes stock of his mental material.'Thus he discovers at once wherein he will need to read further or observe more accurately.

But the second, if given such a task, asks immediately: Where can I find something on it?

And this will be true of him, even though it be a matter in which he is supposed to be better informed than anyone else.

He distrusts his own powers of observation and thought, and well he may as one who has leaned on others all his life.

Other eyes have looked for him, other ears heard, other imaginations conceived, other minds composed and written, and his work has been chiefly to transfer bodily to his own mind the finished product on the printed page.

Books are the end of argument to him.

"It is written"is his guide, and he applies it as well to books in general as to Holy

Writ.

The thinker also uses books, but only to get the material for thought.

He so far distrusts the material thus found that he will read many authors, so as to be positive of the data from which he reasons.

Books are generally a lengthened tissue of inferences.

For every conclusion whose premises are given, ten are baldly stated without reasons.

These ten he might accept, as does his unthinking colleague, without question.

Surely it would save time and mental effort.

But his mind is too vigorous.

Having developed a sharp set of mental teeth he cannot bring himself to feed on hash.

PREACHINC AND PREAC/Z/Nd.

"What brought the author to this conclusion?"he asks.

"I will call up the facts again and try them over.

Often he proves these conclusions wrong, and learns thereby to distrust the generalizations of other men.

And even when conclusions are found to be just, this retracing the history of a thought proves most excellent for mind discipline, and yields him pleasure second only to the original finding of thought.

So, too, his mind grows in another direction;

for the habit of seeking out the springs of human thought leads naturally to the searching after reasons for divine thought, as expressed in revelation.

And this is the very essence of true philosophy—thinking the thoughts of God after Him.

Another distinction is to be noted between the thinker and the gatherer of thought in the habits they form.

The thinker, pausing as he does to verify the important conclusions of his author, finds that he can read but few books during a year, hence he is exceedingly jealous of the company he keeps in the library.

Books trashy, frivolous, illogical, re-hashed, his mind instantly detects and rejects as unwholesome.

His colleague, not having this mental guage, reads everything indiscriminately, having no other rule of selection than keeping up with the latest craze.

He probably reads ten books to the other's one, but the ratio of real power gained thereby is as ten to one in favor of the thinker.

It may be remarked that the difficuly in setting the thinking faculty in motion increases with years.

Especially is this true where it has atrophied through non-use while adjacent faculties are highly developed.

The mental energy has in such a case cut its channel, and it is exceedingly difficult to stop it long enough to make it rise above its banks and overflow the arid regions of thought.

But where the stream can hardly be said to have begun flowing in any direction, as in childhood, or where it has spread out and dried up or stagnated, as in the great mass of stolid adults that never read nor think—it can be induced by skillful management to flow as readily through the channel of thought-making as of thought-gathering.

But the volume and force of the current will depend upon how early and how assiduously this management takes place.

But thinking is a difficult process to set going under any circumstances.

Talk about laziness!

For every physical drone in our communities there are one hundred mental sluggards.

And the reason is not far to seek. The man that feels like shirking physical labor is driven by sheer force of shame and ridicule to work the lazy microbes out of his muscles.

But what of the mental shirks? There are no such weapons wielded over them.

But, then, who would wield them?

A smutty face needs not fear ridicule in a coal-mine.

Those who might wield the weapon are so few comparatively, as to be neither heard nor heeded;

besides, their time is too profitably taken with themselves.

And so it happens, the slothful in mind are received with open arms by the society that disowns the slothful in body.

Received by society, did I say?

Bless their darling insipidities!

They are society, if my drawing-room recollections serve me truly.

But why continue the parallel further between those that think and those that let others think for them?

Surely it is not necessary to prove it a desirable thing to become a thinker.

It will be difficult to find people of any intelligence who, according to their own estimation, do not believe themselves already so.

Perhaps not half-a-dozen readers of the Contributor will say, this is meant for me.

Well, ask yourselves:

Is my course continually upward intellectually?

The thinker is never truly delighted save when going up-hill—thaf is, bending his mind a little harder today than he did yesterday.

It is the bend-

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

ing that gives him pleasure; and as the faculty grows more vigorous by the exercise, it requires a little harder task each day to bring the accustomed delight.

Hence if you would have a man's course continually upward, make him truly a thinker.

Are you such a one?

Not so with the thought-gatherer.

His gait will be upward and downward as the publishers lead.

Perhaps in the majority of cases, the man will end by walking the dead-level grade of the newspaper, and the woman by going the down-hill grade of the sensational novel.

Then how shall an Elder in Israel set to work to get his mind into the habit of thinking? The answer will be found in any good work on logic or psychology.

The technicalities and abstractnesses of these sciences do not, however, suit the purpose I have in view, which is to assist the multitude of our preachers whom, without training leading up thereto, these explanations would only confuse.

Have you a little four-year old son?

Bless his bright eyes, he is the book

I want.

His tiny mental clock was last wound up by the angels;

watch its movements if you would know how they do things in heaven.

Can you find an egg more full of meat than he of the finding-out spirit?

It would seem that everything he eats and drinks turns into wriggling questionmarks.

And they are all alive, too.

Like imps they lurk in his ears, peek from his eyes, insinuate themselves among his fingers and cling to whatever his hand touches.

On every breath they float outward, like motes on a sunbeam.

He was a wise man that invented the interrogation point and made it a hook!

Is there anything great or small to which a child will not attach one of these little harpoons?

Now, why does the Creator thus organize the child?

First of all for the child's own sake, that it may rise above its environments.

But is there not sometimes a sly suggestion—as if the angels had said: "Now if this bright soul is sent there, will he not help make a stupid father think?"Be this as it may, any father that will answer all the questions of a wide-awake son will not fail to become a thinker.

Here then is the key-note of learning to think.

Be as endlessly inquisitive as a child.

But, unlike the child, answer your own questions, otherwise this spirit of inquiry may lead you to be merely a book-worm.

"But suppose we cannot answer them?"Alas for the cari t\ One of the first messages the thinking faculty sends back on being given a difficult question is: Too much for me.

Now, what will you do?

I ask, what did you do when your arms and back said the same thing to the question involving a shovel and a muddy ditch?

Did you heed the cry of your arms?

No; had you done so your children would have cried for bread.

Neither heed the cry of your brain; lest thereby you lose the bread of life.

I cannot emphasize this point too strongly:

hang to the question, even though apparently it be like looking into black chaos.

The light will break in time.

The mist is behind not in front of the eye.

Neither allow your mind to slip cogs.

I remember a student coming to me for the solution of a difficult problem.

"No, my dear friend,"said I, "I will not tell you the solution, but will ask such questions as shall enable you to discover it."Half a dozen questions were satis factorily answered;

three more, and the light would break.

But at the next, she exclaimed pettishly:

"Oh, why don't you tell me, do you multiply or divide?"Want of attention causes the mind to slip cogs.

Cultivate such concentration that a cannon fired over your head will not make you lose grip of your thought.

A mosquito will do it now, no doubt.

You may have observed potatoes, in one case growing all to vines, and in another going all to seed, leaving

A FEARLESS DIRECTOR.

scarcely enough top to locate the precious crop below.

Now, men are often thinkers by halves in the same way.

One man is full of questions that he cannot answer; another is full of answers that he cannot call to mind.

Neither one is a thinker.

But put them together, and much thought will be evolved.

How many men are like the last able to acquit themselves clearly, voluminously, and refreshingly, if some one will but work the pump handle!

How grateful they are to the man that enables them to spout thus gushingly!

But these are not thinkers.

The living wells only, whose waters overflow by internal force, are worthy such a name.

A cow that loses the power of raising her cud fails to thrive and grows sick;

something similar to this takes place with the man who, unaccustomed to commune with himself, has lost the companionship that was wont to stir his mind to activity.

The "cud"must be restored in each case or disaster will follow.

The thinker must not only be able to ask himself questions far remote from his immediate thought, but must, as the thought progresses, see at every turn of word or phrase the associations and objections that a merciless critic would see.

He must in fact be his own adversary, and an unrelenting adversary;

and though this adversary utters no word, yet will he heed all his objections and reply to them as if they were formally made.

In my next I shall attempt to apply these principles of thinking to the development of the sermon.

N. L. Nelson.

A FEARLESS DIRECTOR.

At the time of the great Chicago fire the governor of Connecticut happened to be in that city on a visit.

He was at the time the president of a prominent fire insurance company in his State whose stock and surplus amounted to about one and one-half million dollars.

He was himself a multi-millionaire.

His company had taken risks in Chicago in the district that was burned amounting to one million six hundred thousand dollars, or about one hundred thousand dollars in excess of all the property of the company.

The morning after the conflagration, while viewing the debris, he learned of the losses which his company had sustained. He immediately mounted an old barrel in the burned district, and gathering around him a number of business men who had insured with his company, told them that every dollar of their loss should be paid, so far as his company had issued policies, and he would personally guarantee from his own funds a renewal of the entire capital so that the corporation of which he was president might continue in operation.

Such courage in business, as was thus displayed, is sure to win, and it is perhaps needless to say that the course of this gentleman in this public matter was characteristic of him in all private as well as public affairs, and made him a power in every undertaking with which he was associated.

If all men who accept positions in various companies, as directors or officers, were inspired with the same feeling and would be willing to risk all their personal property on the success of the enterprise with which they are connected, there would be a less number of failures in the world.

Nor would there be the same opposition to corporations and large business enterprises that is now felt.

Mozo.

It is better to be silent than to say unwise or unkind things.

See first that the design is wise and just:

that ascertained, pursue it resolutely; do not for one repulse forego the purpose that you resolved to effect.

HOMES

IN ZION.

There has been a disposition of late, which seems to be growing among some portions of the community, to move away from this Territory and other settled portions of these mountains where the Saints are located, to find new places for occupation.

The excuse has been used that the Stakes of Zion are becoming so crowded that it is necessary for those who desire to procure homes to move where the land is unoccupied.

It was because of this feeling that we made the inquiries of the Presidents of Stakes concerning the inducements offered to settlers in the places under their supervision.

A perusal of the replies received, and which are herewith printed, will convince the Latter-day Saints that the argument concerning the overcrowding of the Stakes of Zion has no foundation in fact.

On the contrary, it is clearly indicated that most of the Stakes need strengthening by an influx of population, instead of being weakened by the removal of any of the present residents.

A few years ago it was very unusual for Latter-day Saints to change their places of residence, or to hunt out new locations with a view to settlement, except as they were counseled to do so by the Priesthood of the Church.

In those times when it was thought advisable to establish new settlements and form new Stakes, missionaries were frequently called to perform this labor, and they took with them their families and effects in the same spirit that the Elders go abroad to preach the Gospel.

Under such conditions the leading authorities of the Church kept advised of the movements of the people, and were able to counsel them in regard to their temporal affairs, and also to look after their spiritual necessities.

Thus Zion extended her borders and the people were blessed and prospered in their labors.

This same condition of things should exist at the present time.

If any of the members of the Church have found good locations, they should make it known to those who preside over them, and seek counsel of wise men as to the advisability of their making locations in such places. Thus the brethren will have the general supervision of all matters which pertain to the building up of the Church and Kingdom of God here upon the* earth.

Acting thus, the authorities would feel more inclined to aid settlements established under direct counsel in case of distress or affliction, than they would do if advice concerning locations were not sought.

As it now is,, appeals to the Presidency are not infrequent from people who have undertaken some enterprise without first seeking counsel, and having got into financial distress or other troubles, are then ready to turn their eyes to the Presidency of the Church for advice as to how to relieve themselves.

Even this is better than to avoid seeking counsel altogether, but it would be much better to make inquiries in the beginning of the undertaking.

Every young man in Zion should feel it a privilege to be accepted joyfully to seek counsel of men of God

He should try to obtain the benefit of the wisdom of the brethren who bear the Priesthood, as well as to seek the inspiration of the Lord in all his labors, of whatever character they may be.

Indeed, the young men of Zion should never do anything but that which both the Lord and His servants will approve.

Any work that cannot bear the investigation of honorable men, or which its promoters desire to have conducted in the dark, should not engage the attention, under any circumstances, of the young men of this Church.

All may be assured that in the abundance of counsel there is safety, and the Lord desires the Saints to seek and follow the counsels of his Priesthood.

The questions propounded and which have elicited the following responses are as follows:

HOMES

IN ZION.

I.

Is your Stake overcrowded?

If not, what inducements does it present to young, energetic, and thrifty men, who desire homes, to settle and remain within its limits?

II.

How many families can the portion of country under your supervision yet accommodate?

III.

At what price can reasonably good farming land be purchased in your Stake?

Is there any government land, that can be reclaimed, still unoccupied?

IV.

What occupations yield the richest financial returns in your Stake?

PRESIDENT THOS.

E.

RICKS, Of Bannock Stake.

Rexburg, Idaho, March 2, 1894.

Contributor Co.:

We appreciate the opportunity to present to the youth of Zion, a detailed account of the resources of the Bannock Stake.

We have often thought that there were good opportunities here for faithful Latter-day Saint home-seekers.

The settlement of this country dates from March 12th, 1883, when Prest. Thomas E. Ricks and company camped on the present site of Rexburg, today a town of about one thousand inhabitants, with several mercantile houses, saw-mills and a roller-mill of seventy-five barrels capacity.

There are also mills at Teton» Wilford, Idaho Falls and Blackfoot.

Today the church membership is six thousand souls spread out over Bingham and Fremont Counties, covering an area of one hundred miles square.

To answer question two, we can't do better than reproduce the opinion of President John Taylor when here in 1884.

He traveled through part of the stake and formed an opinion that the land would sustain a population of three hundred thousand before leaving he was conveyed to the summit of a high butte that rises in the center of the Snake River Valley from which he could see the country.

After carefully viewing it, he turned to the brethren present and said, "I will change my estimate and say that this country will sustain half a million people."

When the present population of six thousand is compared with half a million, it is evident that there is yet room for a large number of settlers.

The country is well watered by the Snake River and its tributaries, all of which are large rivers, carrying full streams of water until late in the season, that await but the plow and the scraper of the settlers to empty their moisture upon the land.

There has been but little rock work encountered in canal work and but little anticipation in future operations.

There are yet large tracts of government land to be taken up, though that in proximity to the settlements is of poorer quality, but in some of the places more recently settled there is good land to locate on.

Improved lands with water-right can be bought at from eight to fifteen dollars per acre, and there are many that would willingly sell part of their quarter sections to the proper kind of people.

We have, since coming here, been endeavoring to answer question four to our own satisfaction but have had to give it up.

Suffice it to say that tradesmen can generally find work, but here, as in all new countries, it is well for the mechanic to unite the tilling of the soil with the labor of his craft.

Tradesmen who come thus prepared, will find no difficulty in making good homes and livings for their families.

We raise all kinds of vegetables and cereals, and by careful cultivation, tomatoes, melons and corn can be successfully raised.

Apples of very excellent quality are raised, as are pears, plums and cherries, and we

HOMES IN ZION.

understand that in isolated cases, peaches have been grown.

We consider the country particularly adapted for the growth of the sugar beet, and we believe that there will yet be a sugar factory in our midst.

Lucern is raised here at a cost of about two dollars and fifty cents per ton and with the unlimited stock range, we consider it a good locality for the stock business.

Any persons desirous of coming to the country and having a certain locality in view will do well to correspond with the Bishops of those localities, who will furnish further information.

We are much in want of good school teachers.

We have from twenty to thirty transient teachers in our midst who draw from fifty to seventy-five dollars per month and send it out of the country.

Your brother in the Gospel, T. E. Ricks.

without means a temporary drawback, as in their circumstances continued labor is for them at first the most pressing consideration.

The people here, however, make as sure and comfortable a living in ordinary times as people of a similar class do anywhere in our mountain country of whom I have any knowledge, and during the present general financial embarrassment, although suffering many inconveniences, are perhaps more independent than people in most places.

III.

Land can be purchased here at from six to twenty dollars per acre.

There is considerable government land to be reclaimed, but the most convenient and otherwise the most desirable is limited.

IV.

Stock-raising, dairying, and farming yield the surest and best returns.

Your brother, Wm. Budge.

PRESIDENT WM.

BUDGE, Of Bear Lake Stake.

Paris, Idaho, March 29th, 1894.

The Contributor Co.

Gentlemen:—In reply to your letter regarding conditions and prospects in this country for young, energetic and thrifty men I would say:

I.

Our Stake is by no means overcrowded.

The inducements we have to offer are principally cheap land, plenty of water in most settlements, plenty of timber and firewood, and generally good roads to it all the way from six to twelve miles distant according to place of settlement.

The most of our settlements are not far distant from each other and our society is especially good for Mormons.

II.

We have room for five hundred families of the right kind, who are industrious, sober and reasonably patient.

Our lengthy winters which give special opportunities for meetings, social intercourse, and general self-instruction are to new-comers COUNSELOR J.

F. TOLTON, Of Beaver Stake.

Beaver City, Mar.

31, 1894.

Contributor Company.

Brethren:—Your communication propounding certain inquiries was today handed me by President

C. D. White for reply.

Necessarily my answers to the various questions will be off-hand and approximated.

First.

No, our Stake is not overcrowded, but will support almost double the population we now have.

Enterprising, thrifty young men can readily obtain homes here, and with a little capital engage in any of the following business pursuits, for which our country is specially adapted, viz.

agriculture, stock and sheep raising, dairying, manufacturing, lumbering and mining.

We have a good tannery plant which has remained idle for a number of years, and which can be secured very reasonably.

Our woolen mills'plant will resume operations this season, and thus open up a means of procuring commodities in

JIO MI-IS IX /.ION.

the shape of clothing, etc., which can be procured in exchange for labor or farm products, or wool, sheep, etc.

II.

At least five hundred additional families could settle here with advantage to themselves and to our Stake.

III.

Farming land, under cultivation, with clear title and water right, can be purchased, according to location, from ten to fifty dollars per acre.

Patented, unimproved land from five dollars up.

There is considerable government land not yet entered, but the most available portions are being rapidly settled upon.

In short there is and has been for some time past almost a panic in this respect.

IV.

Sheep-raising, cattle-raising, and agricultural industries have been our leading pursuits, but any of the foregoing enumerated pursuits have equally as promising a future.

Merchandising has also been quite a leading remunerative business.

Our country is well watered, and by means of reservoirs (and there are excellent sites upon all ofour streams) the supply can be greatly increased, so as to provide ample water for all the land available.

The great Pauvan Valley, extending through the central portion of our county, is composed of rich, fertile lands that will produce alfalfa and cereals in abundance, and vast bodies of this land are still open to entry, and farms patented, but not extensively improved and cultivated, can be procured on reasonable terms.

Trusting I have made myself reasonably clear, I am, very respectfully, Your brother, J.

F.

ToIton.

PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON, Of Box Elder Stake.

Brigham City, April 10, 1894.

Editor Contributor:

In answer to your letter of inquiry dated February 26th, would say that the Box Elder Stake is not overcrowded, and that we could easily accommodate from fourteen hundred to fifteen hundred families.

The price of good farming land ranges from thirty to one hundred dollars per acre, according to quality and location.

Agricultural pursuits yield the richest financial returns.

People of moderate means, who are seeking homes in the country, and yet desire all the conveniences of city life would do well to visit Brigham City, before investing elsewere.

The "City of Homes,"beautiful for situation in the "Sides of the

North, 'boasts of a water system that is surpassed by none, and already enjoys the benefits of electric lighting.

Mercantile and manufacturing enterprises are carried on, but the leading industry is gardening.

An abundance of choice fruit and berries is raised in Brigham every year, and invariably finds a ready market.

City property can be purchased at reasonable figures.

Taxes are low and the expense of keeping a family is much below that of Salt Lake and other large cities.

In Curlew Valley, situated in the western part of the Stake, there are several townships of good land not yet taken up.

Unfortunately, however, there is a lack of water, but good wells could be obtained on every section.

The land in the northern part of the valley is of a dark sandy nature and well suited to dry farming.

Post timbers, pines and house logs, are in abundance in the hills within a distance of ten to twenty miles.

In Park Valley there are five or six sections of good government land and the same amount of railroad land not yet settled. An abundance of superior water flows down out of the mountains, but much of it is lost by seepage.

If properly husbanded there would be ample supply for twenty or thirty families more.

In conclusion, I beg to submit for the thoughtful consideration of those who may chance to read this communication, the following copy of a

HOMES IN ZION.

letter from Wm. H. Rowe, receiver of the Bear Lake and River Water Works and Irrigation Co:

"I herewith submit the following answers to questions contained in your favor of the 28th ult.

''Your question as to what inducement we have to offer young men to settle on our land, I would answer as follows: We have room enough for from seven to ten thousand people on arable land in Box Elder County.

We mention particularly that which is under the Great Bear River Canal system, which contains about eighty thousand acres of first-class fruit and farming lands, which we sell with perpetual water-right at reasonable prices.

Heretofore the maintenance or rental has been held high, but to enable the farmers to buy the land the water has been reduced to one dollar per acre rental per year.

The land and water are being sold by the

Bear River Canal Co. to Utah farmers on ten years'time, with no payment down.

For example, if a man should buy forty acres his contract would call for his placing twenty acres under cultivation the first year, and the balance the second year.

No payment will be demanded until the spring of the year following the date of purchase, and after that the balance is settled in nine payments at a low and reasonable rate of interest.

"We have put in cultivation some five thousand acres in the interest of the Company and the labor on it we intend to distribute among our patrons, and as it will require a great deal of farm labor, those buying land will be able to pay their first and perhaps their second payment in labor.

''Your second question as to how many lamilies we can accommodate I should say from seven hundred to •one thousand families.

"Your third question regarding prices of land, will say that first-class land can be purchased at thirty dollars per acre upon the terms indicated above;

this includes perpetual water right.

The company has contracted to put out thirty-eight thousand, four hundred fruit trees this season which will show that we have some excellent fruit lands.

''We have a great many farmers from Davis County settling on our lands, and I think this presents a fine opportunity for our young men to establish themselves homes and as a consequence give unto themselves that independency which should be theirs."Very Respectfully, Rledger Clawson.

PRESIDENT HORTON D.

HAIGHT, Of Cassia Stake.

Oakley, Cassia Co., Idaho, April 2nd, 1894.

77/«? Contributor Co.

Gentlemen:—To your first question, can say this Stake is not overcrowded, and the only inducements as yet for young men to engage in business are farming, cattle and sheep raising.

II.

We can safely say that this Stake can accommodate very easily two hundred and fifty families more than are here at the present time.

III.

Good farming land can be purchased here from fifteen to twenty dollars per acre.

There is also a large amount of government land unoccupied that can be secured with water also.

IV.

Agricultural pursuits pay about the best at the present time.

There is a chance for a few men having a trade of some kind, such as shoemakers, blacksmiths, carpenters, masons, etc., who are good Latterday Saints with families, and who are willing to take for their work what the people can raise.

Your brother, Horton D. Haight.

IIOMI-IS IN ZION.

COUNSELOR WILLIAM HOWARD, Of Entry Stake.

Huntington, Emery Co., Utah, Mar.

31, 1894.

The Contributor Co.

Gentlemen:—In answer to your letter of inquiry in relation to land and the facilities to make homes in this Stake, dated Feb.

26, 1894, we can answer as follows:

I.

No, this Stake is not overcrowded, and there are many facilities such as farming, stock-raising, manufactures, etc.

II.

We are safe in saying at least two thousand families.

III.

Good farming land can be purchased at an average price of about ten dollars per acre.

Yes, there are thousands of acres of government land yet unoccupied.

On Price River the people are taking out a couple of large canals that will cover several thousand acres of good land, and would like to have more help in the shape of permanent settlers.

There are also hundreds of acres of good land near Cleveland, Lawrence, Huntington, Castle Dale,

Orangeville, Ferron, Molen and Emery.

At all of these places the canals and ditches can be enlarged and extended, and new canals made to cover large bodies of land.

A company has just organized this spring at Emery, in the southern part of Emery County, to build a large canal on the north side of the Muddy

Creek, that will cover a large number of sections of good land.

There are large bodies of land between Ferron and Orangeville that the waters of Ferron and Cottonwood creeks can be made to cover;

also lots of land between Castle Dale and Huntington that can be watered from Cottonwood and Huntington streams. There are several sections of nice land just east of Lawrence, and if enough settlers come to take up land there, the people of Lawrence will help to build a canal to it.

It is quite a large undertaking to make canals here, but thousands of acres of good land can be reclaimed and water got onto it with no more work than it has taken to make the canals we already have, and a great deal easier than it was ten or twelve years ago:

then the people had to haul their food and supplies over the mountains from Sanpete and other places, while they were working on the canals.

They had to turn their poor horses out in the middle of the afternoon to go several miles in search of feed, and get them up next morning at ten or eleven o'clock.

Now this is all changed.

Newcomers can buy anything they want at very reasonable prices.

There is plenty of hay, grain, flour, beef, etc., and lots of stores to supply dry goods and groceries.

IV.

There is very little manufacturing going on here, consequently the farmers as a rule have the greatest success.

Generally the farmers have a few head of stock to look after, which helps them considerable, but the stock business is being almost overdone.

We have good fruit here, such as apples, peaches, pears, plums, cherries, apricots, grapes, gooseberries and currants.

We believe it would make a good sugar beet country, as beets do well here.

There are good burr grist mills at Emery, Castle Dale and Orangeville.

At the latter place the people are putting up a nice roller mill, which they expect to have running before another harvest.

There is a splendid chance for someone with a little means to come and help the people of Huntington to put up a roller mill;

it would be a good paying investment.

The people have been talking the matter up for a couple of years, but have been unable to collect enough money to be safe in ordering the machinery.

Notwithstanding all the facilities we have in this Stake for thrifty and energetic men, we would advise all who can to come and look at the

HOMES IN ZION

country before moving here with their families. Then they can please themselves whether they move here or not, and also decide in what portion of the country they wish to locate for to the stranger most of the country is uninviting, and it is only by hard work good homes can be made.

In some of our settlements we need mechanics, such as shoemakers, blacksmiths, carpenters, etc.

At the request of President C. G.

Larsen I write the above, and it is endorsed by him and Counselor Seely.

I remain, Very respectfully, Wm. Howard.

PRESIDENT WM.

PAXMAN, Of Juab Stake.

Nephi City, Utah, April 10, 1894.

The Contributor Co.

Dear Brethren:

Our Stake is not over-crowded at present, but unless some new industries or means of employment open up, but few more could thrive here.

There is plenty of land but not sufficient water.

Could we obtain water, which might be done by building reservoirs, there would be plenty of inducements in farming for another one thousand families.

Farming land can be purchased at from ten to thirty dollars per acre without water claim.

Water is selling at from thirty-five to forty dollars.

There is plenty of good government land to be reclaimed if we only had the water.

Mining, stock and sheep-raising in the past here yielded the best financial returns.

Beet raising could be profitably followed.

Manufacturing industries are much needed.

Your brother, Wm. Paxman.

PRESIDENT E.

G. WOOLLEY, Of Kan a b Stake.

The Contributor Co.

Gentlemen:—Replying to your questions concerning the condition ot

Kanab Stake, I am pleased to report as follows:

This Stake is not over-crowded,, though all the best land to which water right belongs is at present occupied.

We could perhaps accommodate fifty families of energetic people, but they would be under the necessity of finding locations in the mountains, where some water could be obtained, but not sufficient for the irrigation of all the government land at present unoccupied.

The greatest difficulty against which settlers would have to struggle would be the obtaining of water stock, which is held at a very high figure in our county, and without water stock in the low lands no crops of consequence can be raised.

The land in and about our settlements, with sufficient water right, would cost about one hundred dollars per acre.

There is considerable government land unoccupied, though a considerable portion is claimed by those who have filed on it.

The best industry for our part of the country is the care of sheep;

and next to sheep, cattle bring the best returns.

The land is very suitable for the raising of fruit, and that which is produced is of a very excellent quality.

There is abundant room for the establishment of a cannery, which would doubtless yield good returns if transportation facilities were at hand of a better nature than those we now enjoy.

The prospects are not without hope that in the near future, we will have a railroad through our part of the country, in which case, Kanab would doubtless be a thrifty place in which to reside.

Yours truly, E.

G.

Woolley.

PRESIDENT O.

C.

HOSKINS, Of Ma Iad Stake Portage, Box Elder Co., April 14th, 1894.

Contributor Co.

Replying to your letter of inquiry concerningthe condition of our

//O.U/:S IN Z/O.Y Stake, I am pleased to say that we are not over-crowded with settlers.

The inducements which are offered in the various parts of our Stake, I will answer in detail:

Neeleyville Ward, situated on the Snake River in Oneida County, Idaho, has room for eight or ten families, but water is a little scarce.

There is vacant government land to be obtained.

It is a good place for hay and vegetables.

Rockland has room for ten or twelve families, and there is a fair prospect to take up government land containing small springs which would yield enough water for garden and culinary purposes.

It is a good hay and grain district.

The country is also good for stock-raising.

Land with water right costs from fifteen to thirty-five dollars per acre.

At Samaria the land is worth from ten to twelve dollars per acre without water right, and from thirty-five to fifty dollars with water.

There is no unoccupied land in this neighborhood except badly broken bench land.

The raising of lucern hay and seed are the most profitable occupations at this place.

St. John has no vacant government land, but purchases can be made of land from fifteen to thirty dollars per acre.

It is a good farming country.

Malad, the capital of Oneida County, has no government land that is worth reclaiming.

Purchases can be made at twenty-five and thirty-five dollars per acre.

At Fielding, situated in Box Elder County, there is some government land to be obtained.

A large number of people are there engaged in dry farming.

In Portage, where all the good land has been taken, purchases can be made at from fifteen to twenty-five dollars per acre.

Cherry Creek and Woodruff have no unoccupied land, and the water supply is very limited.

We have room in most of our settlements for a few families who are not in too great a hurry to get rich, but who would take up land and make a good home by hard and constant labor.

Our principal drawback in all our wards is the lack of water.

The best financial returns to our population at present come from the raising of lucern seed and hay.

There are several good water power sites in our Stake which belong to our people, but they are put to no use because capital is lacking.

There is a good opening for a flour mill in Fielding and Rockland Wards.

The mercantile business could be profitably followed.

Yours Truly, O.

C. Hoskins.

PRESIDENT RICHARD FRY, Of Morgan Stake, Morgan City, April 5, 1894.

The Contributor Co.

Gentlemen:—All our tillable land is occupied.

For fifteen years families and young people about to marry have moved out to Bear Lake,

Star Valley and Uintah County, to settle on land for farming.

For twenty years our population has not increased on account of so many moving away.

Farming land when offered for sale sells from thirty to fifty dollars per acre.

There is considerable government land situated in the mountains that can be reclaimed for pasturage.

Blacksmiths and carpenters earn the highest wages.

Morgan County is purely agricultural.

Nine-tenths of the people farm for a living.

Respectfullv, R.

Fry.

PRESIDENT I.

N. HINCKLEY, Of Millard Stake.

I.

No;

there is not more than ten per cent, of our facilities now utilized.

II.

Very good, as shown by statements herein set forth.

III.

One thousand families.

IV.

From twenty to fifty dollars per acre, with primary water rights included.

HOMES IN ZION.

V.

Yes, over one hundred thousand acres.

VI.

Farming, stock, sheep, hog, and fruit raising.

There are also very good facilities for manufacturing.

Respectfully, C.

Merrill, Of Immigration Committee for the Millard County Board of Trade.

PRESIDENT GEO.

C.

PARKINSON, Of Oneida Stake.

Franklin, April 4, 1894.

The Coiitributor Co.

Dear Brethren:—Replying to your inquiries of February 24, 1894, in relation to the resources, etc., of the Oneida Stake, I take great pleasure in this opportunity of submitting that, I. The Oneida Stake is not thickly settled and still presents to young, thrifty and energetic men, who desire homes, many strong inducements.

I am, at this writing, unable to give the exact area of the Stake, but it embraces all that territory known as Gentile Valley, Portneuf Valley, Marsh Valley and that portion of Cache Valley north of the Utah and Idaho boundary line, and extends some seven miles north of Pocatello to Ross Fork Creek on the north.

It contains twenty-four wards, with a population of about ten thousand.* The plains, valleys and lowlands are very fertile and productive, while the mountains and highlands are well adapted to the raising of extensive herds of cattle and sheep (no profit in raising the common stock horses).

The arable lands are adapted to the production of wheat, oats, barley, rye, maize, alfalfa, hops and small fruits.

The climate of the Oneida Stake is about five degrees colder than that of Cache Stake.

It is traversed by three railroads—the Oregon Short Line, extending from the east boundary to Pocatello the Utah and Northern, from the extreme south boundary, through Pocatello, to the 7 c extreme northern line, and the Cache

Valley branch, extending as far as Preston, its terminus.

II. There are, at the present time, about one thousand seven hundred* families in that portion of country within the boundaries of the Oneida

Stake with ample room and facilities for the accommodation ofmany thousands more.

III. Good farming land can be purchased at from five to twenty dollars per acre, and considerable government land still remains unoccopied, with an abundant water supply, which may be properly distributed upon the arable lands by the expenditure of labor only.

The assessed valuation of farming land here ranges from three to ten dollars per acre.

IV. The sheep industry has certainly brought very rich returns to the investor until one year ago when there came a sudden decline in the price of wool, and a subsequent material shrinkage in the value of the carcass.

This has probably placed the occupation of wool-growing below par, and leaves that of general farming and stock-raising the most remunerative.

Idaho has a most excellent system of free schools in which the students are supplied with text books without cost.

The Oneida Stake Academy, located at Preston, is a creditable institution.

The building, which will likely be completed this year, is considered among the finest and best in the Church, and is second to none in the state of Idaho.

The amount of means expended upon this handsome structure, in addition to that contributed toward the erection of meeting houses and other Church schools during the last four years, amounts to upwards of sixty thousand dollars;

all of which are ap- * Th e population here referred to includes both members and non-members of the Church, the total membership being but about seven thousand.

43Q HOMES IN ZION parent marks of thrift, growth and prosperity.

If in these answers to your questions there can be found encouragement to the "youth of Zion who are desiring and seeking homes"it will indeed be very gratifying.

Your brother, etc.

Geo.

C. Parkinson.

PRESIDENT URIAH T.

JONES, Of Parowan Stake.

Cedar City, Iron County, Utah,

March 26th, 1894.

Editor Contributor.:

Our stake is not over-crowded, particularly when we take into consideration the numerous resources of our county that are but partially developed and utilized.

It is true, however, so far as agricultural pursuits are concerned that the more valuable lands located in close proximity to many of our cities and villages have been secured, and are being utilized.

The same may be said as to the natural, or normal amount of our water supply, referring to what is known by the early settlers of our county, as the primary water right.

Many of our young men, however, who are the sons of our illustrious pioneers are beginning to wake up to the necessity of utilizing some of the many resources that Iron County affords, among which is the unusual amount of high or spring water that flows down many of our canyons during the early spring months.

Particularly is this the case in the canyon known as Coal Creek, the water supply of Cedar City.

Within the last few years many of our thrifty, energetic young men have got, and are securing large tracts of valuable agricultural lands lying some little distance from our towns, the same being equally as productive as the lands owned near by.

The same spirit of thrift and energy is manifest in the construction of large and well regulated canals that are intended to tap the various streams running in and through our county during the period of what is known as the high water season.

This laudable and praiseworthy undertaking once accomplished, will not only furnish labor and permanent homes for our young men, but will afford opportunities for the classes of young men you refer to—thrifty and energetic men filled with that indefatigable will that has been so marked a characteristic of the pioneers of our fair Territory.

We have also in connection with these agricultural advantages, one of the richest mineral districts in our Territory.

A county that abounds in iron, coal and some of the precious metals, that has been so frequently written up, not only in our local papers but noticed in foreign papers as well, and reported by some of our leading scientific men of the age, that any effort that might be made in this particular would seem entirely unnecessary.

However, it might be well to call your attention to a committee's report as to the resources of Iron County, published in the Iron County Record of February 9th, 1894, which is reliable and has been endorsed by the citizens of Cedar City in mass meeting assembled.

In referring, however, to these unbounded undeveloped resources, it is by way of encouragement to the artisan who may have an eye to some of the many advantages that southern Utah affords, not only by following the agricultural pursuits, but in mechanical arts;

of course your readers will understand the latter advantages are what our people are looking forward to in the near future.

At the present time many of our coal mines have been secured, some of which have been purchased by parties who are representing reliable companies.

Iron mines that are looked upon as being almost inexhaustible are secured.

Railroad companies are now looking to the advantages that southern Utah, and particularly Iron County, affords for the extension of their roads, which

HOMES /A ZION.

43i once accomplished, with manufacturing industries established, will afford many opportunities for those desiring to make permanent homes and become useful citizens, so that in answering your second question, viz.: "How many families can your district accommodate, 'you will readily perceive that any estimate that may be made would be speculative.

Your third question, "What price can reasonably good farming land be purchased for?

Is there government land that can be reclaimed still unoccupied?'In order to intelligently answer this question, you will kindly permit its segregation, and a reply made to the first subdivision.

Our best farming land is considered to be the land in close proximity to our towns, land conceded to have the best and primary water right; such claims range in extent from twenty to fifty acres and are held in price to be worth from fifty to one hundred dollars per acre.

In fact many of these claims could not be purchased, unless under some extraordinary circumstances.

We have another class of agricultural lands, equally as productive per acre as the first mentioned, but not conceded to have as extensive a primary water right;

these claims depend in part for irrigation on the surplus or spring water before alluded to; land claims of this character vary in value from fifteen to fifty dollars per acre, and but few of this class are put upon the market.

Second subdivision, question No. 3:

There is much valuable government land, that can be reclaimed, still unoccupied, none of which, however, is close to our cities and towns.

With a thorough system of reservoirs such lands could be brought into requisition, and once cultivated and saturated by the use of surplus or spring water, could be made reasonably productive considerable of this class of land is located on the ''low-lands'in our valley; experiments have been made to obtain artesian water in the vicinity ot these lands, and have proved successful so far as water for domestic purposes is concerned, yet no very extensive flow has been secured.

We have still another class of land claims that have been secured, which it is expected will be brought under cultivation by the use of the canals before mentioned, on to which a portion of the surplus water will be conveyed.

Claims in these canals can be procured on easy terms, and undoubtedly parties who could give proper titles to lands of this description would do so at much reduced prices than these already quoted.

Under past and existing circumstances the farmer and stock raiser, will obtain the richest financial returns;

in fact these are almost the prevailing occupations at present.

With our facilities utilized our unbounded resources developed, we can furnish employment for all classes; not only can the farmer be reasonably rewarded for his toil, and the accomplished artisan, but the man of capital can find sure and safe investment;

the manufacturer can not only be amply rewarded, but the common laborer can be provided for, if those characteristics can be had—energy and thrift, determination to overcome the obstacles common in the development of all new country and a desire to make the desert blossom as the rose.

Mr. Editor, we have no place in our midst for the "hanger-on,"the transient, the men who are not interested in the welfare of our fair Utah.

We have no desire to share in the bitter experiences of many of our northern friends, from the effects of ''booms'or boom prices—such characters are to us dangerous;

personal advantage is what this class is seeking;

the welfare of all is not considered by them, the room of such characters is preferable to their company; send us such men as are represented in your letter of February 24, 1894, and they will find a welcome

HOMES IN ZION.

from the hospitable people of Iron County.

Respectfully, U.

T. Jones.

PRESIDENT WM.

H.

SEECxMILLER, Of Sevier Stake.

Richfield, April 2, 1894.

Contributor Co.:

Yours of February 24th was duly received.

I respectfully submit the following in reply I.

Our Stake is not overcrowded.

It presents good facilities for many families if they are willing to unite in developing our extensive agricultural resources, which will, when developed, pave the way for the employment of mechanical effort.

We produce of the cereals, wheat, oats, barley, peas, beans and some corn.

In grasses, we produce alfalfa, orchard, timothy, clover, and good native varieties.

In fruits, apple, pear, plum, small fruits, some peaches and grapes.

We produce choice vegetables, consisting of potatoes, beets, carrots, cabbage, cauliflower and other varieties.

Our winters being mild we are well situated for fattening cattle, mutton and hogs.

Our ranges once excellent, still furnish grazing for considerable stock.

II.

From seven hundred and fifty to one thousand families.

III.

At from fifteen to fifty dollars per acre with water right.

Some government land suitable for fruit production in township 22 1 west S. L. M.

Considerable university land can be bought on easy terms at from four to five dollars per acre, in township s.

1 west and township s.

2 west S. L. M.

IV.

Production of sheep, cattle and hogs, grain and hay, merchandising, school teaching, practising law and medicine, mechanical pursuits, flour milling and dairying.

We have an abundance of good fuel (cedar and pitch pine) which can be bought in our villages from two to four dollars per cord.

Poles for fencing can be bought for ten cents each; cedar posts for the sameprice.

Lumber is worth about twenty dollars per thousand.

Building stone is abundant.

A fair quality of clay is found for making brick.

The development of our extensive agricultural resources will require the construction of reservoirs, and the extension and enlargement of our canal systems.

The Sevier River is an excellent source of storage supply, furnishing an abundance of water during autumn, winter and spring.

Arrangements are now in progress looking to the establishment of two reservoirs, with other good sites in reserve.

A few capable persons in teaching vocal and instrumental music would find employment in our settlements.

To energetic settlers our Stake offers superior advantages.

Very respectfully, Wm. H. Seegmiller.

counselor r.

s. collett, Of Uintah Stake.

Vernal, Utah, April 4, 1894.

The Contributor Co.

Dear Brethren.—Your letter of inquiry of February 24th, addressed to President S. R. Bennion, has been handed me with the request that I answer the same.

I.

Our Stake is not over-crowded.

We have a very healthful and pleasant climate, the seasons being about the same length as those of Utah and

Salt Lake counties.

Our winters are not long but severe, that is, it gets quite cold from the middle of December to February, the thermometer registering as low as 30 at times.

The snow-fall is not heavy.

We can offer the advantages of a new and thriving country, rich in natural resources.

The Ashley Valley is at present the only portion of Uintah County unoccupied by Indian or military reservations, fit for agricultural purposes.

This valley is about

HOMES IN ZION.

seven by twenty miles.

It extends from the base of the Uintah Mountains on the north to Green River on the southeast.

It is watered from the Ashley River.

All kinds of hardy fruits do well, including the apricot, grape, and the peach with proper cultivation.

Our hills are full of coal, our mountains full of timber, and the majority of our people own more land than they can properly cultivate.

II.

There are about five hundred families living in the valley.

It will sustain twice that many from its agriculture alone.

When its other resources are developed it will sustain many times that number.

III.

Good land is rather high here..

The price ranges from ten to fifty dollars per acre;

this always includes water right.

There is still some government land to be taken, but it is a long way from water and no surplus water to be obtained. The

Water is limited and is entirely possessed by present claimants except during high water season.

IV.

The sheep industry has been one of the most profitable in the past.

The cattle business also yields good returns.

Farming pays fully as well if not better than in any other part of Utah, Fort Duchesne and the Indian agencies furnishing our principal markets.

We have tradesmen, but there is room for more.

We are greatly in need of a good, honest lawyer.

This county affords a splendid opportunity for one who could be conservative and persistent in building up an honest practice. A good doctor is also a pressing need and would be a blessing to the community, while, if he did not want to make a fortune in two years, his practice and remuneration therefrom would soon be excellent.

As many seem to be looking to the opening of the Uintah and Uncompahgre Indian reservations with a view of securing homes, a few words may not be out of place on that subject.

The Uintah reservation is one of the best watered parts of Utah.

There is room for thousands of families besides taking care of the Indians.

But many will be disappointed in rushing here for homes as much of it is now a desert.

But these deserts will blossom as the rose with water upon their surface, and the production of the soil to one unacquainted with its sterile appearance, is simply astonishing.

So if the grass plats are all taken when you get here—providing you have the chance to come, do not leave the bare, uninviting plats and go back disgusted, for the best of farms in Ashley Valley today are those you could not get the "first settlers"to think of locating—they looked too bare and desolate.

Respectfully, R.

S.

Collett.

PRESIDENT WILLIS E.

ROBISON.

Of Wayne Stake.

Loa, April ioth, 1894.

Editor Contributor.

Dear Brother:—Replying to your favor of February 24, relative to the undeveloped resources of Wayne

County, I will say that we have plenty of room for good, industrious citizens.

Homes can be easily made here.

Our timber and lumber supplies are excellent and extensive, and the water supply is second to none in the Territory.

Our climate is varied.

The western part of Wayne County is high and suitable for stock-raising, and for the cultivation of oats, wheat, potatoes, etc., while the eastern part has a climate suitable for vineyards and the tender fruits, and has also good coal in great abundance.

We can easily make room for five hundred families, if they are good workers.

Land with title costs about ten dollars per acre.

Of course locations make a difference, but that is an approximate estimate.

Water right is worth five dollars per acre.

There is some little government land to be obtained.

Our principal occupations here are

HOMES IN ZION.

stock-growing, farming and lumbering, while many in the eastern part of the county are deriving quite a revenue from fruit and vineyards.

We are willing to divide our lands and resources with good, honorable Latter-day Saints.

Your brother in the Gospel, Willis E. Robison.

COUNSELOR ISAAC SMITH of Cache Stake.

Logan City, Utah, April 19, 1894.

The Contributor Co.

Dear Brethren:—President Orson Smith handed me your letter of

February 26, 1894, on Sunday, April 15th, requesting that I try to answer it.

This I cheerfully do to the best of my knowledge.

I can truthfully answer the first question by saying no.

As for inducements we have of dry farm lands about 20,000 acres that can be purchased at from five to fifteen dollars an acre, similar in quality to lands that are now being successfully cultivated.

And of irrigated lands, with water right it is estimated that we have at least 20,000 acres that can be purchased at from ten to forty dollars per acre.

Where a person has not the ready means with which to purchase, many of the above lands can be rented, leased, or bought on easy terms.

Our mountains furnish good summer ranges for dry-stock and sheep. Our dairies, three in number, will be pleased to buy all the surplus milk that may be produced on the farm.

The mining districts of Idaho and Montana consume large quantities of eggs, poultry, veal, pork, etc., thus furnishing a good market for these products.

For men of means, seeking profitable investments, we have facilities for water or electric power plants that can not be excelled in Utah, or, we believe, elsewhere, which, with cheap homes and low cost of living, makes our county or

Stake a desirable place for locating factories.

II.

I would estimate that we could comfortably accommodate from four to six hundred.

III.

There are no government lands accessible to cultivation that are not now owned, so far as I can learn.

IV.

To those seeking homes, farming and stock-raising, including the keeping of poultry, sheep and swine, are the most profitable. There is ample room for two or three more cheese factories, and a broom factory.

The raising of small fruit, such as strawberries, raspberries, etc.

, as also the growing of apples, pears, plums, etc.

is very remunerative.

Trusting the foregoing may be in part what you desired, with best wishes, I remain, your brother in the Gospel.

Isaac Smith.

ELDER GEORGE PASSEY, Of Maricopa Stake.

Mesa, A. T., March 2nd, 1894.

The Contributor:

Your favor of 24th ult.

Addressed to Chas I.

Robson (deceased) was handed me by his counselors, with a request that it be answered.

I.

Our Stake is not over-crowded.

Good inducements are here for the kind of men you mention.

II.

A great many families can be accommodated in Maricopa Stake.

III.

Good land with water will cost from fifty to one hundred dollars per acre.

There is little, if any government land to be taken up under existing canals; much yet to be reclaimed by new canals.

IV.

The possibilities of Arizona's productions are great.

The avenues of occupation are many.

The raising of fine stock, both horses and cattle, doubtless, would prove a profitable venture.

Fruits, such as the peach, pear, apricot, plum, prune, grape, fig, olive and pomegranate do exceedingly well.

The orange and lemon is being cultivated quite ex-

HOMES IN ZION.

tensively and with gratifying success.

This is the home of the almond nut and the yield of the strawberry is very great.

The raising of stock and cultivation of alfalfa, has perhaps yielded a greater profit thus far than any other occupation.

Yours truly, Geo. Passey.

In behalf of Stake Presidency.

PRESIDENT ALBERT R.

SMITH, Of San Luis Stake, Manassa, Colo, March nth, 1894.

Contributor Co.

Dear Brethren:—We yet have an abundance of room for settlers of the ''energetic and thrifty'class you name; land and water are abundant, and partially improved homes can be purchased for exceedingly low prices.

Thousands of families can find room here to make comfortable homes, as I should think not more than one-tenth of available country is yet under cultivation.

Land and water at present can be had at from five to ten dollars per acre.

There is not much government land;

nearly all of this valley is, or has been owned by the State, large tracts, amounting to hundreds of thousands of acres have been sold, and irrigating canals have been made by incorporations, but as they have so far failed to make the interest on money invested, their lands and canals can be bought at reasonable figures.

The State also has immense bodies of land that can be had by actual settlers, at very moderate prices.

Farming and stock-raising are among the occupations that afford our people their principal employment, though opportunities for other branches of business, are abundant.

''The San Luis Valley is properly a great park, that is, a plateau of level prairie, about one hundred and twenty-five miles north by south and average width of about fifty miles, entirely surrounded by mountain ranges which are from five to seven thousand feet above the level of the valley, and the more prominent peaks are perpetually covered with snow.

The great Rio Grande River enters midway on the west side, and makes its exit by a deep gorge which it has cut throught the Conejos Range on the southern end ofthe valley into New

Mexico.

The streams which drain the mountains surrounding the northern end of the valley are concentrated into the San Luis River, which terminates into a number of lakes from which there is no visible outlet.

"The adjoining mountain ranges are covered with timber which is suitable for all kinds of building purposes, and at the mountain mills lumber can be bought from eight to ten dollars per thousand.

Good cedar posts are delivered at the railway stations for eight cents each.

Ot course timber for fencing, for corrals, for fuel and for the many needs of the farmer in developing a home, are free to him on the mountain sides.

"There are interspersed throughout these mountains and foothills hundreds of square miles of splendid grazing lands which are a public range, and all the unfenced portion of the valley furnishes abundant feeding ground.

Owners have a lawful right in this State to turn their stock at large, and fences must be built to keep them from trespassing.

"The valley is a smooth plain sloping from either side to the center at an average grade of about ten feet to the mile, adapting it admirably for easy irrigation.

There have been built a number of immense irrigating systems, besides the innumerable small ditches, and the topographical conditions are so favorable that a perpetual water right costs the farmer but little more than the annual charge for water in many other sections ot the country.

"Owing to the peculiar character and position of the sub-stratification of the valley, after the surface is once thoroughly saturated by the application of water through the canal, the

HOMES IN ZION.

surface is supplied, through capillary action, with sufficient water to enable the farmer, in many sections of the valley, to almost entirely dispense with the necessity of irrigation beyond merely running water around his fields in canals built so that the water merely soaks into the soil through their channels.

This fact reduces the labor of irrigation to less than one-fourth of the the cost elsewhere in Colorado, and minimizes the quantity of water required more than sixty per cent.

"There are at this time more than three thousand flowing artesian wells in the San Luis Valley, although it is only a little more than five years since the first flowing well was discovered, and yet the supply does not diminish.

In the central and southern parts of the valley such water is found at a depth not exceeding, on an average, one hundred feet—in the northern part of the valley about two hundred feet—and are supplied to the farmer at a cost not exceeding twenty cents per foot.

The pressure is such that the water, which is almost chemically pure and soft, is readily carried through ordinary dwellings.

Where a depth of six or eight hundred feet is reached, a well six inches in diameter, reduced at the aperture to two inches, carries a vertical column of water trom twenty-five to fifty feet in height.

"The climate is one of the most salubrious in the west—in summer warm days and cool nights, and in winter clear cold weather tempered by the great mountain ranges which overlook and surround the valley and protect it from the blizzards, tornadoes and cyclones which are dreaded features of a prairie country.

Nearly every day in the year is so clear that out-door work can be done without fear of rain,"Trusting these fragments will enable you to publish the information you desire, I am, Your Brother, etc.

Albert R. Smith.

PRESIDENT JESSE N.

SMITH, (>/ Sno~c/lake Stake.

Snowflake, March 5, 1894.

Contributor Co.

Dear Brethren:—I. Our Stake is not overcrowded.

Labor commands a good price.

There are not many inducements for home seekers, dry farming in the forest offering the best returns, unless one has capital to invest in reservoirs or in raising water from wells.

II. The possibilities of dry farming are very great, I believe, in the neighboring forest region;

there are not many unused facilities in our narrow valleys, unless water shall be stored during the wet season or raised from wells.

III. Reasonably good farming land can be purchased, with water right, at from fifteen to seventy-five dollars per acre, according to location.

About five hundred acres of good government land in the lower Woodruff Valley could easily be reclaimed by an organized effort to control the water.

We have no men to take up this land.

A great business could doubtless be built up by taking out the water of the Little Colorado, below Winslow, on the A. & P.

railroad, and raising alfalfa hay.

Men with energy and perseverance could accomplish great results, and the facilities are abundant.

IV. The occupations that have paid the best with us heretofore are merchandising, sheep-raising, farming and freighting, in the order named.

Yours very truly, Jesse N. Smith.

PRESIDENT DAVID K. UDALL, Of St.

John's Stake.

Springerville, Arizona, March 20th, 1894.

The Contributor Co.:

In reply to your enquiry of February 24th concerning prospects for new settlers in the St.

John's Stake:

Our Stake is not over-crowded, in fact we need more settlers.

We think

HOMES IN ZION.

there are good opportunities for industrious people to make homes.

Unoccupied government land (farming) is obtained, also land can be purchased from settlers at reasonable figures.

Usually there is an abundance of water certain seasons of the year, which if reservoired would furnish plenty of water to irrigate large tracts of land, this being the only way to successfully farm in any of our seven settlements of this Stake.

Six out of the seven wards have already constructed reservoirs.

Farming is considered the best occupation.

Timber is abundant in the adjacent mountains, likewise grass for summer range.

Your Brother in the Gospel, David K.

Udall.

PRESIDENT GEORGE OSMOND, Of Star Valley Stake.

Afton, Wyoming, Mar. 22, 1894.

Contributor Co.

Dear Brethren:—I take pleasure in answering your favor of 24th ult.

, as to the advantages our Stake offers to those who are desiring and seeking homes, I answer your questions in the order you ask them.

I.

Our Stake is by no means over-crowded.

Among the facilities we enjoy are plenty of good land, the best of water in abundance, fine range for stock in most of our settlements, and good timber easy of access.

Inasmuch as many have made comfortable homes here by their energy and thrift, others may do the same.

II. We have now about two hundred and sixty families in our Stake, and it is a low estimate to say we could accommodate as many more.

III. Good farming land can be bought for ten dollars an acre in some settlements for less.

There are a few sections of government land still open to entry, besides seventeen sections of state land, which can be leased at a nominal figure, or purchased at ten dollars per acre.

IV. A system of mixed husbandry in which the cultivation of the soil would be associated with stock-raising, would probably yield the richest financial returns.

Our ranges being new the cattle raised on them generally bring a better price than those in larger settled districts.

In conclusion, I recommend those who want homes to visit us and see for themselves;

for while many of us think this country is good enough for anybody, we have some who think, as they have always thought, that the best country is still a little further on.

Respectfully, Geo. Osmond.

COUNSELOR W.

E.

PACK, Of Summit Stake.

Kamas, March 10th, 1894.

Cojitributor Co.:

Replying to your questions concerning the Summit Stake of Zion, I will state there are quite a large number of young men in this Stake without homes.

If there was a railroad from Salt Lake City to Coalville, employment could be found for many people in our coal mines.

Our best farming lands cost from twenty-five to thirty dollars an acre, though there is very little tillable land in this county.

Mining is the most productive occupation followed by the people in this Stake, and stock-raising comes next in importance.

Respectfully, W. E. Pack.

PRESIDENT HUGH S. GOWANS, Of Tooele Stake.

Tooele City, March 8, 1894.

Contributor Co.

Gentlemen:—Please find answers to your list of inquiries contained in your favor of February 24, 1894.

I.

We are over-crowded, a great many young men are without homes of their own, in this Stake.

HO MllS IX ZION.

II.

Not any, unless our water resources are increased, and industries of some kind established.

III.

Reasonably good farming land, with water right is worth about one hundred dollars per acre.

There is plenty of government land that can be reclaimed, but there is no water.

IV.

Farming and fruit-raising.

A system of reservoirs can, and I believe will be established in the near future, to preserve our water in winter and early spring, thereby making it possible to reclaim much good land, that is otherwise almost valueless.

fftigh S. Gowans.

PRESIDENT ABRAM HATCH, Of Wasatch Stake.

Heber City, April 17, 1894.

The Contributor Co.

I. Our Stake is not over-crowded, and inducements are found on every hand for young and energetic people to lay hold of the undeveloped resources of this county.

We have much unimproved land in our valley (Provo), but nearly the whole of it is secured by homestead entry.

Unimproved land sells for about ten dollars per acre.

The improved from fifteen to fifty dollars.

Our valley is one of the best watered sections of Utah.

The beautiful Provo River, the third largest river of Utah, runs the entire length of our valley, a distance of about twelve miles.

Besides the river, we have three nice streams coming down from the mountains on the east side of the valley, and one large creek from the west mountains, making the watering facilities unsurpassed by any other location of which I know.

The county seat (Heber) contains about two thousand people, who are in the front rank in all that pertains to an agricultural, educational and a progressive people.

We have one of the best school-houses in the territory, fully completed and paid for.

Our town is well built up; the houses are mostly built of "red sandstone;"the public buildings are a credit to any community, and the people are not burdened with the curse of paying interest on any county, city or school bonds.

II.

Our county could easily support three times its present population.

III.

There is no government land to be obtained in this valley, but so soon as the Uintah Indian reservation is opened to settlement (a bill for which is now before Congress), there will be a very large tract of land ready for the homesteader.

That part abounds in latent wealth, and is capable of sustaining five thousand families.

There is a succession of valleys of rich soil, well watered, and plenty of timber in the mountains not many miles away.

People from all parts of Utah are waiting anxiously for this country to open for settlement, about two-thirds of which is within our present county boundaries.

IV.

In relation to financial returns for labor in agricultural lines, I will say, the raising of peas for seed is perhaps in the front rank, and next to this lucern for feed for both cattle and hogs.

Wheat is a good paying crop, as it brings from five to seven and one-half cents per bushel more than is obtained in the lower valleys, Park City, only twelve miles away, being a ready cash market for everything we wish to sell.

A new and improved creamery is nearly completed, from which we expect good results.

Lumbering is carried on to quite an extent and to some profit.

We have an unlimited amount of best red sandstone quarries near Heber City, which will one day be very valuable.

There is room, and welcome, for all thrifty, honest, young men who wish to identify their interests with us.

Yours truly, A. Hatch.

HOMES IN ZION.

PIONEER, Of Canada.

Cardston, Alberta, N. W. T.

Canada, April 7th, 1894.

The Contribtdor Co.

Gentlemen:—Your communication to President C. O. Card containing inquiries concerning the advantages of this portion of the land of Zion, in his absence has been handed to me and I will endeavor to briefly answer them.

I.

Our country is new and therefore not over-crowded.

The inducements offered for the class mentioned—"young, energetic, thrifty men, who desire homes,"are indeed numerous.

We are in a prairie country, possessing a rich, deep soil covered with a luxuriant growth of grass, which fully attests the point of its fertility, so that in an agricultural way, we have no fears for the future ofthis land.

The abundant pasturage makes the raising of cattle, sheep and horses very inexpensive, and the numerous streams and lakes in this connection make dairying a favored pursuit in this locality.

In the way of manulacturing all avenues are open.

While timber is not so plentiful as in Utah, still lumbering will receive attention for some years to come.

By the time our own supply is exhausted railroad communication with British Columbia will enable us to draw from her bountiful supply a cheaper aud better article than we can produce at home.

The production of grain in vast quantities will make milling one of the principal manufacturing industries as the country grows.

Our district (Alberta) contains one woolen mill located at Calgory, but this line of manufacture also presents great possibilities for the future.

II.

The settlement of this country has scarcely begun, so that it can safely be said that thousands of amilies may find homes in Alberta.

III.

Railroad lands can be purchased for three dollars and len cents per acre, ten per cent, down, the balance in annual payments with interest at six per cent.

These are as good lands as can be found here, being the odd sections of the surveyed townships.

The Hudson's Bay Company also have one and three-fourths sections in each township, which are held according to quality at five dollars and upward per acre.

Terms of payment easy.

Government lands—all even numbered sections except eight and twenty-six in each township, are open for homestead entry.

A fourth section is the limit for each individual, and no fees are exacted except the entrance fee at the local land office ten dollars.

IV.

Aside from commercial enterprises requiring considerable capital, the occupations yielding richest financial returns are sheep-raising, cattle-raising, and dairying, and mixed farming.

The raising of swine on a large or small scale would yield handsome returns for the next few years, as tons of bacon, ham, etc., are imported from as far east as Chicago.

Mining will also be an important industry, although little has been done save in developing the numerous coal claims that are found widely distributed throughout Southern Alberta.

Having made a feeble attempt to answer your questions, a word as to our location might be in place.

Cardston is in the southwest portion of the Provisional District of Alberta, on Lee's Creek, a tributary of the St.

Mary's River.

The Rocky Mountains are twenty miles to the west, the international boundary line, fourteen miles or less to the south.

Lethbridge, some forty-five miles distant"to the north and east, is our nearest railroad point, with which we expect to have telephonic communication by July 1 st.

Good land is procurable within a radius of twenty-

44© A'./JM'A/.W/.V.lA'Of \/) ////; WORLD.

five miles to the east, south and west.

Although in this locality good crops are raised without irrigation, there is a vast area to the north and east that can and will be irrigated in the future.

A preliminary survey of the country east of the St.

Mary's River, completed only last week, shows that a scheme for irrigating that section of Southern Alberta is entirely feasible, and a bill has been prepared asking government aid in this project which parliament will be asked to pass during the present session.

We are under the British government nominally, and in the experience of the Latter-day Saints, her laws are more justly administered than are those of any other civilized nation existing at the present time:

As a provisional district we correspond to a territory in the United States, with the notable exception that we have no taxes to pay until municipalities are formed or the district becomes a province.

Settlers can bring all goods and chattels in use six months prior to date of entry, free of duty, also sixteen head of cattle or horses.

A reduction in the tariff of ten per cent, on cattle and sheep, and fifteen per cent, upon agricultural implements will bring an ad valorem duty of twenty per cent, on each of the above items this reduction, with several other important changes, is looked for at any time now that parliament is again in session.

A great deal more might be said concerning our goodly land, but I fear too much of your valuable space will be taken to present what has already been written.

I am, Yours in Zion's cause, Pioneer.

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

XIII.

The writer's ramblings in the April number closed with the city of Constantine, and as the days were growing warm along the shores of Stamboul and Scutari, the next line of travel trended towards the northwest, passing through

Bulgaria and Servia into the Austro-Hungarian monarchy, touching briefly at Belgrade and Buda-Pesth on the Danube.

Some weeks were passed in Vienna and some days at Carlsbad in Bohemia, the ultra fashionable watering place of central and southern Europe.

A brief stay in Switzerland followed, then came Paris, London, Liverpool, the White Star Line to New York and the Overland route to Salt Lake, the point of departure.

In the fall of that year, the writer left Utah, designing to spend the bleak and shivering months in the Spanish West Indies.

After visiting a few of the larger Eastern cities, until the winter barrenness had spread drearily over all the northern lines of travel, the trend of inclination began running towards windward islands and tropical seas.

The intention had been to sail for

Havana direct from the port of New

York, but the apparition of a West India steamer coming up the North

River, all her shrouds a ghostly mass of ice, and spars and rigging a forest of icicles, together with the statements of her officers and crew published in the morning papers, made it not improbable that any ship rounding Cape Hatteras in the then state of the barometer, would find herself between the devil and the deep sea;

at all events it was decided to go by rail to Tampa on the Gulf of Mexico and sail from there, passing en route through those southern states which lie on our eastern coast.

The latter course, in addition, and with added interest, enabled the traveler to see Florida and traverse the waterways of that semi-

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

tropical region by the pleasantest of all methods, the steamboat. A night was spent in Washington, after which the flight became continuous, until the northern border of Florida was reached at Jacksonville.

Cold days and nights, with snow between, were unexpectedly found in Virginia, the two Carolinas and even Georgia;

in all four states the ''old settler''was still hanging and harping on that well-sworn lie, "de coldes spell since befo de wah, sah."Florida, owing to its semi-tropical climate and many other natural attractions, is regarded, at least by dwellers in the north, as one of the most favored winter sanitariums and pleasure resorts within sound of the Atlantic Ocean.

Of course the rigor of an Eastern winter generally sees a large contingent setting out for the Pacific, but they are mostly invalids who go west reluctantly and return gladly.

The average northerner who goes anywhere, goes to Florida after the holidays, as he goes to Saratoga, Newport or Long Branch in mid-summer, when the trembling heat of the dog-star is rampant in the sky. The winter hotels of Florida, of which so much has been written and spoken, usually spread their nets in January and make the final drag in May; they can well afford to close the remainder of the year.

Five months'steady fleecing is galore, however submissive the sheep or abundant the wool.

In some respects, however, their hotels are unexceptionable.

They are built, as a rule, with special reference to the full enjoyment of a warm and generous climate; verandahs of three or four hundred feet in length and sixty in height, soften the noonday glare and no longer leaves a constant struggle between the light that hurts and the shade which soothes;

the great halls and lofty, airy apartments are heavily carpeted and the noise of footsteps or those other audible nuisances which so often fret the ears of invalids, are rarely heard.

Should there be the least chill in the air as night sets in, log fires are started on the ^reat hearth-stones, and cozy comfort expands in ever-widening circles.

Jacksonville is a general starting point for excursions by rail or river farther inland.

Apartments were taken and ramblings made from there.

"Jaxville,"as residents love to call it, claims a population of thirty-five thousand, which makes its absence or appearance on a tourist's itinerary a matter of little moment, other than as a resting or rallying place.

It is located on a bend of the St. Johns River, where that wide-spread, but unmethodical stream, after flowing over two hundred miles in a tortuous northerly course, makes a sharp bend to the eastward and empties into the ocean, twenty miles distant.

The streets and public squares are shaded with evergreens, and water-oaks, magnolia and orange trees;

the latter being of the bitter variety, are cultivated for shade and ornament only, and yet the inhabitants, with a generosity beyond any apparent affluence, frequently invite their northern visitors to help themselves to the fruit;

it is scarcely necessary to add that a second invitation is invariably declined.

The town and suburbs contain many pretty and some elegant residences.

The population appeared to be mostly colored, and the occupation of that class in the south, when not angling for catfish or shooting craps, is lying on their backs asleep in the sun, or eating bananas and slipping along on the peel.

There the baleful banana skin works out its full and complete mission;

there at any hour in the day "de cullud pussons"can be seen with a half-eaten banana in each hand and their legs in the air, tangled up in inextricable confusion.

After a few days spent at Jacksonville, the first flight was made to St.

Augustine, distant thirty-seven miles on the sea-board, and said by its inhabitants to be the oldest city in America.

The first and last subject

A Louisiana Crkole ( African Type.) arriving and departing strangers hear of is antiquity.

Residents refer to the city's remote age with considerable pride and more or less persistence.

And there is some justifica- •tion.

Ponce de Leon and his—well, buccaneers, they were little less, landed there in 151 2.

And yet visitors are sometimes bored with the tiresome iteration of that date, and if the writer was not stunned at St.

Augustine's hoary past.it was because his thoughts went back in reflective mood to a similar picturesque site in Central Japan, where along the water's edge he saw five hundred lifesize figures ot men in stone who were placed there ages before the coming of the Son of Man. Of their origin, twenty centuries of Japanese history give no tradition; two thousand years and untold millions of that courteous little race have come and gone, yet those lonely groups of long-forgotten gods still linger there.

St. Augustine is a very beautiful little sea-coast town of ten thousand inhabitants, very clean, bright and orderly;

its great hostelry, the Ponce de Leon, is probably the most picturesque hotel in the country, with a frontage of nine hundred feet on

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

three sides of a hollow square, and a seating capacity for eight hundred guests in its great dining hall.

Standing on the sea-wall and facing eastward, one looks across the Matanzas River, three-quarters of a mile to the island of Anastasia, where stands the government lighthouse, spiral striped and resembling nothing so much as a monstrous, inflated barber's pole, its white light is of the first order and visible at sea nineteen miles.

To the left the land drops away to a beach, where Sir Francis Drake posted a cannon one evening in and pounded away, as the sun went down, at the old fortress opposite.

In the modest little plaza, an open square where all public meetings take place,.there are two monuments, the older one erected in 18 12 by the Spanish authorities in memory of a new constitution;

the other monolith, an obelisk of coquina stone was raised in '72 for a widely different purpose.

It commemorates the confederate dead of St.

Augustine and was erected by its ladies'memorial association.

One face bears the inscription:

"In memorium of our loved ones who gave their lives in the service of the Conlederate States.

Another: "They died far from the home that gave them birth,"and another:

"They have crossed the river and rest under the shade of the trees."On the north side of the plaza is St. Joseph's Cathedral, built under Spanish rule in 1700, burned down seven years ago and immediately rebuilt and enlarged.

Had the Cathedral escaped the flames, it could not have claimed a remote antiquity, even from an American point of view.

Its predecessor dated back to or thereabouts, one of the old bells, still preserved, bearing that date.

Fort Marion is the best preserved and most interesting antiquity of St.

Augustine.

It too, like nearly every old structure in the town, is built of the so-called coquia—Spanish for shell fish—these small shells are the accumulation of ages.

Acted upon by sea water they become partially dissolved, then drying, are firmly cemented together in a solid mass.

According to a Spanish inscription over the entrance to the fort, it was finished in 1756.

Passing under a massive, worm-eaten portcullis, a wide-arched passage leads to the open parade, inside the walls.

On either side the passage are found doors leading to vaulted cells or chambers that surround the parade on all sides and which served in their time as quarters for the garrison, or cells for the prisoners, including American rebels during the revolution, and later on for Seminole and other Indian captives.

Not far from the fort the crumbling walls of an old convent are still standing, which, in its time, was the headquarters of missionary work in Florida.

From there the devoted "fishers of men"sallied forth and built little chapels from the everglades to the Suwanee River.

I returned one evening to Jaxville and a couple ofdays later took passage on the "Eliza Hancox,"a steamboat going seventy-five miles up the St.

Johns River to Palatka.

All Florida rivers the writer has seen are the color of a quadroon, a rather light, rich brown tint, that shade lying between amber and sherry.

A Colonel Hart of Palatka explains it as due to coloring matter in the rich soil and to the dense, matted and decaying under growth, the dyes being washed by rains into the swamps and lagoons which feed the smaller streams, while they in turn feed the larger cjies.

The colonel is proprietor of Hart's orange grove near Palatka, one of the oldest and most famous in the state.

It covers seventy acres of land containing about five hundred trees and yields twelve thousand boxes annually, many of which, owing to their superior quality are sent to Europe and other remote points.

I had expected much of the St.

Johns River but its placid reaches tired me.

On going a distance of

Seminole Indians.

ne hundred and twenty-five miles up stream I found a varying width of one to seven miles.

The steamboat's channel being nearly mid-stream, was too far to scan the closely wooded shores.

At times the pilot would run closer in, when perhaps a farm house, an orange grove or a stretch of bright green savannah and marshy meadow would appear through an opening in the forest.

Now and then as the boat made towards some landing, a cane brake or enormous masses of water lilies would be seen fringing the banks, while a faint river breeze, rustling through the tall cypress, sounded like distant waves on a sandy beach.

The next steam-boating done was on the Oklahawa River, a small but Id very picturesque stream emptying into the St.

Johns.

The Oklahawa ''line of steamers''are built specially for navigating that winding tributary, and comprise two little stern wheel tubs, some sixty feet in length and sixteen wide, each carries a small boiler and engine of four mustang power placed midway in the hold.

On the upper deck—there are two are sleeping accommodations for sixteen passengers and dining allotments for twelve, but if more than five persons present themselves at the table simultaneously, the remainder occupy stools.

After a few days spent among the flowering groves ot

Palatka, I embarked on the "Asta tula."The puffing little steamer left the St.

Johns River at a point

R.1.1//;/ /\<:s Ah'Otwi) ////: world.

twenty-five miles up-stream, and suddenly and sharply pushing her way through a bed of water lilies beneath, overhanging magnolias, entered what at first, seemed a narrow, sluggish creek emptying out of a cypress swamp.

It proved to be the Oklahawa and its navigation the most interesting of any experience I found in Florida.

With an average width of probably seventy-five feet and a length of ninety miles, its course is the most indirect, devious or rambling that I ever saw running water take.

There are no shoals narrow as the channel is, the water is deep and its placid surface only ripples now and then as some passing breeze goes by.

On the narrow reaches of the river hundreds of turtle were sunning themselves on decaying logs, first in twos and fours and then in tens and twenties.

Later on as the sun rose higher and began to penetrate the thinner branches of the river foliage an occasional alligator would slide into the depths with a frightful rush, and one must be alert to see them at all.

From what I could learn, that river-haunting reptile seeks a habitation in the ooze and slime of the bottom during the cooler months.

Although against the Florida law to shoot alligators on the Oklahawa, our captain showed no apparent hesitation in loaning me his repeating rifle;

the result verified his judgment as a law-abiding citizen got but one shot and that fell wide of the mark, my aim was hurried and the quarry escaped unharmed.

Not so the turtles, however;

I "rifled"enough "diamond backs"that day to make terrapin soup for all the everglades.

The mate, a swarthy, intelligent black possessed a fund of misinformation about the country inland and as opportunity offered, appeared disposed to share it with the writer.

Among other things he said alligators would not attack adults in the water but were fond of edible children and preferred small ones.

He was then asked whether, as between a white and a black child, they would picaninny?

The query was received with silent scorn, so the race question still remains unsettled in the south.

Few voluntary stops are made and those only on being signaled from the shore where a landing exists;

these generally consist of a few plank, resting on spiles driven into the shallow margins of the river.

At such points small freight is received or discharged, or perhaps a hunter jumps off and with rifle slung across the shoulder, immediately disappears among the shadows of the timber.

Sometimes a few straggling huts are seen in the openings around the landings, but as a rule a broad thoroughfare is cut straight away to the interior and its end is soon lost to view in the gloom of the forest.

In more prosperous days at some obsolete time, landings were made at other points in the vast swamp, but now dilapidated freight sheds and worm-eaten wharves, slowly rotting away, are all that remain.

The settler has fled; whether he was -taken off by a boat, or an alligator, or the swamp fever, no one is there to tell.

The scant opening, too, is gone;

palmetto, bay and myrtle, swamp holly and possum haw have claimed their own and once more cumber the earth and poison the air to the water's edge.

The ancient disused wharves lie so low that the sedge has overgrown them from end to end, and all that is visible are squares of green, rising above the water weeds and vegetation which grow in the ooze and slime of the shallows near the banks.

The surroundings are desolate in the extreme, and as the boat forges slowly ahead in the gathering darkness, the channel narrows in and a few minutes later the prow drives into a clump of palmettoes on the opposite bank and comes to a standstill, the craft is slowly poled off and starts up stream again.

Meanwhile a negro gathers up an armful of pine knots and

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

kindles a fire in an iron brazier on the roof of the pilot house.

The fire is kept replenished during the night and casts a fitful glare over the bank and river, enabling the pilot to see ahead three hundred yards at a time, and what is of more importance, it enables the boat to "keep off the grass"the greater part of the night.

Supper over, the passengers seat themselves on deck and view the windings of the Oklahawa under a new phase, that of a miniature bonfire and the rising moon combined.

The usual immelodious vocal concert, of animal, bird and reptile life commenced when the pine-knots were lighted, and spread far over river, wood and swamp.

The overture started in a dense copse to the left and was given by an assemblage of tree-frogs whose resonant croakings were taken up and added to by the hooting of owls, the shrill scream of wild cats and once by the hoarse blowing sound emitted by an alligator.

At times, when the boat, making a sharp turn, would swing against the crowded branches of an overhanging tree there would be heard plaintive cries or angry hootings followed by the noiseless passing of shadowy wings.

At other times, when the trend of the stream brought the moonlight on the tranquil surface of the waters, we could see myriads of large bubbles rising to the surface and floating away, giving token of some mysterious animal or reptile at work in the depths below.

The following day we reached Silver Springs where the rise of the river takes place, and the whole body of water rises from the earth within a space not exceeding sixty yards in diameter.

Dropping into conversation with a gentleman, a native of Florida who came aboard at the springs to make the down trip,

I was told, among other things, that in his section of the state, which lies on the gulf coast between the estuary of the

Suwanee River and Tampa Bay, the country is even more wild, desolate and impenetrable.

There, too, the palmetto palms and the stately cypress with their two parasites, climbing vines and pendant grey moss—thrive apace.

Gigantic creepers, after rising forty or fifty feet, swing down again into dense beds of decaying undergrowth.

Heat and moisture render the conditions for rank growth so favorable that a traveler, unaided by compass might wander for days and not be positive any actual progress had been made.

Few dare venture into the trackless forest except trained backwoodsmen, and even they are sometimes lost, infested as the jungle is by wild beasts, alligators, bloated moccasin snakes and other horrible reptile life.

He remembered a party of five, surveyors, I think, who in attempting to carry a line through the wilderness of swamp and jungle, had to cut their way with axes, and at intervals construct pontoon bridges over the quaking lagoons.

Before penetrating many miles, the poisonous exhalations of the foul morass completed what the rank tropical vegetation had begun.

The entire party were stricken down with swamp fever, a frightful malady, in which the periods of chills are real congestions and the febrile intervals are delirium.

Finally in nearing the coast the swamps end in a vast quagmire, which even the light pacing, surefooted Florida panther cannot cross in safety.

The succeeding day, passage was taken on the S. F. railway to Tampa

Bay where a delay occurred waiting for the West India steamer.

Before mingling again with ''those who go down to the sea in ships, 'the writer's vague impressions of the south had time to crystalize into stubborn belief, as follows:

the country is beautiful, fertile, half-settled, and perhaps fairly prosperous;

but whatever of enterprise, energy, animation, life, spirit or dash is existent there, comes mainly from the north, nothing less than a supreme palliative for that

FORCE T-ME-NO TS inertia born of ante bellum days will permanently change the average Southerner, or perhaps the transformation has already set in and the writer, in his rapid flight through the country, lacked time and opportunity to realize any breaking with the past.

At all events he hazards a belief that those warm parallels lying between Baltimore and the everglades have even been fatal to any enterprise born of fierce, active energy;

that no Chicago will ever leap into life south of that ideal line once drawn by those dead and decayed patriots, Mason and Dixon;

that the climate forbids;

and that the dolce far niente, that sweet dream of languorous idleness the south once perferred, would have been preferred to the end of time, had they not been drawn into the flame of war.

G. H.

Snell.

FORGET-ME-NOTS FROM CHRIST S SERMON ON THE MOUNT.

Christ's Sermon on the Mount is the fullest statement we have of the nature of His kingdom and the conditions and duties of its members.

It will ever remain the sermon of sermons.

The divine enthusiasm He felt, not for Himself, but for His Father and for humanity colored all of the sacred utterances of this marvelous sermon.

All of His teachings prepare the way for an inner and heavenly lesson.

All of His sayings were the free expression of His own thoughts and feelings, and this with the force of teaching gave Him power over His hearers.

Everyone who reads His utterances is forced to remark that ''Never man spake like this."Simple as a rule are all His sayings, yet He often rose to infinite heights in the realms ofthought. The common people hung on His utterances, because He used easy words and apt illustrations and they found food for their famished souls.

The most heavenly of all the promises and the one always to be remembered is found in the first part of the sermon.

He says, "Blessed are the pure in heart,for they shall see God."

Purity of heart causes you to be at peace with yourself and your God.

God intended all to be blessed—to be happy, but they must obey the laws conducive to happiness and to blessedness.

He cannot bless you He cannot make you happy if you are lawless.

Only those who are whole-souled, can be blessed or can be happy.

The pure in heart are those who strive to realize that they are in the image of God, and by their gentleness spread peace all around.

They are the ones who do not allow the clouds to darken into storms, nor let the earth's temptations lure them from the path that leads to God, to whom their lives are tending with angels ever beckoning from the courts above.

Then, through the grace of their divine work completed, "They shall see God."How nobly Christ shows us the way to be happy through love and forgiveness ''Love your enemies, said He, "bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute you that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven, for He maketh His sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and the unjust.

By this great truth Christ shows that all men from the slave to the king are sons of one great Father of infinite mercy.

Christ rose above the teachings of the ages and announced a common Father for all and one grand spiritual ideal in remembrance of Him.

He instituted a spiritual kingdom in which the humble, meek, and merciful found their haven.

"The pure in heart are its

FORGE T-ME-NO TS.

citizens, and the souls of peace its children."Christ urges purity, godliness, humility, love and every virtue known to man for the exaltation of his spirit.

He urges men to be noble, pure and good, that they might become the children of God and glorify His name. He came to earth bringing the manner of the Heavenly Court, and showed humanity that His kingdom is as strictly under law as any other kingdom, but instead of the earthly monarchies and the innumerable laws of the ancient royalties, He substituted the all-ruling law—the law of love.

Christ bade man to love his enemies, and to do good whenever it was in his power.

Why?

So that in the end he could be "perfect even as his Father in heaven is perfect.""My people,"says Christ, "are the light of the world.

A city set on a hill cannot be hid."There is a singular beauty in this comparison, for there is nothing in the world so free from impurities as is light, and nothing so bright and heavenly.

It is a beautiful emblem of what Christian example is, or ought to be.

Again He says, "Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven."These words are to teach us that by the power of holy living, by precept and example, we are to shine as lights in the world, in company with Him, of whose light ours is but a reflection.

So do good, to be of some use to the world, and thus make it better for them having lived in it, should be the height of everyone's ambition.

No one is so lowly but that he or she can do something for the cause of right.

The smallest act of kindness, if done with a humble spirit, will be regarded by God, no matter how lowly it may be.

Every person should be a star in the "firmament of life,"deriving their light from "Christ the central Sun."Through the influence of Christ's example men are led to admit the power and beauty of Christian life and thus "glorify their Father which is in heaven."With sublime enthusiasm He warns us of the need of care in the right use of the blessings of life.

"Lay not up for yourself treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal, for where your treasure is there will your heart be also.

The light of the body is the eye, if therefore thine eye be single, thy body shall be full of light.

But if thine eye be evil thy whole body shall be full of darkness.

Those who follow the lust of earthly things stain their own souls and lose the grace of God.

The gain of spiritual treasures should be the endeavor of everyone, for death will take away earthly treasures.

The citizens of Christ's kingdom must confide in their heavenly Father, and amid all the trials of a Christian life, retain calm confidence in the wisdom and love of God.

Christ tells men not to be over-anxious of their earthly life, nor of their food and raiment.

To show this He referred in sublime thought to the lilies of the field, and bade humanity consider them.

When we consider them in the light of His teaching, they raise their glorious heads in answer to the Father's love.

Christ always looked for the true, beautiful and good, and these lovely flowers brought to Him a silent message of a Father's care.

If we consider them as He did we become aware of a God—a glorious God, whoj made us—in His own image, to rejoice in the work of His hands.

He who cares for the "lilies of the field,"will not fail to care for the flowers of the human heart.

Christ's method was to touch the innermost spirit with powerful and sublime motives, and to lead men forward to the highest ideal ever placed before their minds.

He will ever stand before the world as its true Exemplar.

His sayings appeal to the natural

45o llxil-: AFTER DEATH affections of the human heart—to that love He believed capable of being drawn out, and that once drawn out would become the grandest defence for the human soul.

In doing this He showed a sublime faith in man and did not hesitate to place honor upon human nature.

He awakens love for the highest and best, and stirs up within all hearts and minds that which will purify thought, elevate desire, and quicken conscience.

Many of this great Teacher's utterances were local, yet they involve such deep and worldwide principles that they cannot be confined to the occasion that brought them forth.

Doctrines that He taught illustrated by such a perfect life, and crowned by such a horrid though sinless death, could not and can not fail to have a mighty influence upon humanity, and the study of His life is the loftiest of human duties.

Every action of His compels man to look at

Him, as the one who can teach him how to live, how to bear life's burdens, and how to die.

He stands out clearly before the world as the one surrounded by trouble and strife, a man of sorrows and acquainted with misery, and yet so calm, so gentle, so uncomplaining, that He is incomparable.

Aggie Sharp.

TRUE AFTER DEATH.

''This strike has upset everything.

But there's one thing, in the yard, that can't wait till their highnesses get tired of starving and that's the perishable freight.

It must be sent down to the junction today.

Do you hear, Mac?"The freight superintendent always shifted hard, unpleasant duties to his assistant.

The latter, with his usual punctiliousness and without a word, walked down the stairs, into the freight yard, wondering who he could get to run an engine down to the junction.

There was Luke O'Brian, but he belonged to the gang of non-union men whom the yard boss had refused to hire and the strike had followed.

But Luke was daring and fearless, and yet the assistant hated to ask him, for he might get hurt: the strikers were unruly and dangerous, and everybody liked Luke, as one of the men said, "Even if he was a religious duck."The assistant was not two squares from the freight house when he met O'Brian, who was ready to take any risk to honestly earn money, for he was the only support of his aged mother.

"But hold on, boss,"he said, "till I run and say good-by to mother and The sentence was not finished unil he had seen the mother and then hurried down an alley to the back door of a handsome residence and called, "Aileen, Aileen Mulvaney,"very gently, for so large and burly a man.

A perfect Irish beauty came to the window, in a blue gingham dress and a jaunty white cap.

"Oh, it's only you Luke, well wait a bit,"she said coquettishly and turned back into the room.

"But I can't wait,"said Luke impatiently, and he told his errand as she condescendingly returned to the window.

Her eyes grew dark with feeling;

those eyes that Luke had vowed were two stars stolen from Lake Killarney.

And her cheeks faded from red to pink and looked like the outside petals of a great blush rose, and her chin and lips, the tiny inside petals and her nose, it must be confessed, was a curled petal and yet she was a beauty.

"God will be kind whatever happens,"said Luke, kissing as many

TRUE AFTER DEATH.

petals as Aileen would allow;

she leaning from the window and he reaching up, holding on to the sill.

"Good luck to ye,"she called after him.

And no maiden was ever half so proud of a bow from a silk hat wearer, as was Aileen of the wave of Luke's brawny hand, as he hastened from the alley.

When Luke reached the freight yard the air was full of smothered confusion.

The strikers had been watching for this move.

They knew the perishable goods could not stand in the yard. They lounged around in groups of two and three and a dozen.

Two policemen piloted Luke and a fireman across the yard to mount their boxes.

Luke was inclined to be friendly to the groups as he passed them, for his life was a true leaf from a poorly printed Bible, but few of the men returned his nod and some muttered curses after him, while he heard one man say, "I'd aheap ruther it 'Id be any other scab, than Luke, mountin'that 'ar cab."Luke wondered what that meant, as he looked out the window, from his box, and saw as smooth and pretty a piece of track as any engineer could wish to drive over, and the ripple of the water in the river running parallel with and close beside the tracks, quieted his doubts, while the rumble of the falls in the distance spurred him to fearless action.

He thought how many times he had passed them in safety and watched the sun and moon, stars and lightning, play on their tumbling /waters.

As the engine moved the strikers made a great pretense to stop it.

Had the angry words and curses been stones hurled at the iron horse it would have been stoned under.

The first edition of an evening paper, issued an hour later, told how well the police had held the mob in check, and not until the next day was it known that the strikers had refrained from violence because a sweeter revenge awaited them.

Luke drove slowly past the wild wranglers, and would rather they had been burning buildings from which he was running to protect his engine, as he told it:

"Gin, old boy, I feel sorry for them fellers.

They don't know a good thing when they see it.

Think o'their folks, wonder if they had anything to eat today."When the thought of his mother's slim breakfast the glass before him grew frosty.

He wiped it away with a brisk dash, and looked sternly at the track.

As he neared the outskirts of the city, he put on more steam and drove faster.

The pebbles in the road-bed, as he watched them, seemed to skip beneath his speedy engine, and the waters of the river lapped noisily against the ties.

He turned on his box and called to his helper, "Fire up a little more, Bill, an'the run '11 soon be over."He turned back to look at the pebbles again, but his eyes were fixed as stones, for in place of gravel on the road-bed the river flowed under the tracks.

He saw in a minute it was not the invasion of an ordinary freshet, for the water was clear and he could see there was no solid matter between the ties for some depth.

The question flashed through his mind, "How are the ties held, each propped separately?

Some fiendish work,"he muttered, as he quickly shut the throttle.

But the old fashioned yard engine was not accustomed to mind her driver on short notice.

"Oh God! have mercy! Mother Aileen—''was all Luke had time to say.

In less than a second they were over the watery road-bed, the ties caved in with a crash and the engine plunged into the trackless river, dragging the cars after it into the agitated waters.

Yes, the run was over very soon for both engineer and helper.

The latter was never seen nor heard from

A BUNDLE OF CONTRADICTIONS.

again, but Luke's body, badly mangled, was found two miles below where it had been drifted by the current.

The railroad company paid the funeral expenses and also the amount due Luke for making the run.

They could well afford, this for the accident was an ill wind blowing them great good.

A large number of the strikers deserted the union and returned to their work on the old terms.

There was a general feeling of smallness among them, that their dastard deed had happened to hit so fine a target as Luke O'Brian.

The act looked all the meaner because it had touched so noble and big-hearted a man.

Aileen and the mother knelt and joined hands over the newly made grave.

"You will let me be a daughter to you, the same as it would have been had he lived, won't you, mother?"asked Aileen.

In the strong pressure of the feeble hand on her arm she received a sufficient answer.

Carrie Louise Burnham.

A BUNDLE OF CONTRADICTIONS.

Stephen Girard, the naturalized

Frenchman, who rose from the position of a cabin-boy to that of the great merchant and banker of Philadelphia, was a bundle of contradictions.

A sceptic whose only library was the works of Voltaire and a few books on gardening, he gave large sums to different Christian denominations.

The beggar departed hun gry from his door, yet he left millions to found a college for poor orphan children.

When one of the richest men in the world, he took pride in dressing in the shabbiest of garments and in riding in a rickety old chaise, drawn by a horse that a fish-peddler would scarcely have driven.

Abstract in manner and cool in address, he was deferential to his superiors in social position and education, but violent and abusive toward his inferiors.

If an agent, soliciting donations for some worthy public object, asked Mr.

Girard for a small sum, it was more than probable that he received thousands of dollars.

But woe be to the man who, emboldened by another's success, came to him with a request for a large subscription.

It was more than likely that he would receive, "I have nothing to give, sir."Mr.

Girard owned a large farm near Philadelphia.

On it he loved to spend his leisure time. He worked harder than any of his hired men.

Up before the sun, he abused in his choicest "Billingsgate"the workman who followed instead of preceded him to the field.

From daylight to dark were the hours of labor on that farm.

Even the minutes for meals were so limited that the men were forced to become fast eaters.

The farm was brought to such a high state of cultivation as to be worth a visit to see.

But no man, woman, or child, friend or acquaintance ever received a warm welcome.

He did, however, once invite a gentleman, whom he desired to honor, to see his improvements in agriculture.

Among other sights, Mr.

Girard showed his guest his strawberry-beds.

Placing him in front of a bed which had been about gleaned of its berries, he remarked that he must be excused, as he wished to weed a neighboring bed.

"But you may pick,"he added, moving off, "what berries you can find in this bed."

The guest, finding but barren pickings in that bed, strayed on to another plot, where there were abundance of berries.

He had not been there a minute when his hospitable host was by his side.

"I told you,"he said in a cold, rasping voice, "that you might gather berries in that bed."

REDEMPTION OF JERUSALEM.

Awake!

awake!

Jerusalem, Thy Father calleth thee!

Awake!

arise! before Him stand, In love He calleth thee.

Fear not, my son, my daughter,

No more weep by the water, Nor drown in seas of slaughter,

For I have called thee by thy name,

In love and kindness, not in blame:

Thou art my chosen people.

Oh, hark! mine own Jerusalem, Who, then shall comfort thee?

When desolation o'er thee swept,

Who, then, did mourn for thee?

Thy God in wrath rebuked thee,

The sword and famine slew thee,

Thou drankest the cup of fury His hand unto thy lips did hold;

Its bitter dregs above thee rolled,

But thou'rt my chosen people.

Give ear, mine own afflicted son,

Thou drunken but not with wine,

Thus saith the Lord, the Holy one,

Again I reclaim thee mine, Thy many woes have moved me.

Who sharply did reprove thee, And now the cup of fury, Of desolation and of pain, Thy lips shall never taste again;

Thou art my chosen people.

Oh, list! my loved Jerusalem, They who did thee oppress, Shall drink, yea, even to the dregs,

Thy cup of bitterness;

Yea, even thy cup of trembling;

Thy woes, like kites assembling,

Shall pierce their deep dissembling,

Who said now lay thy body down

That I may step not on the ground;

Ah, yes! my chosen people.

Rejoice!

rejoice! Jerusalem, For thou shalt be redeemed;

Henceforth shall not come into thee

The wicked and unclean.

No more shalt thou be lowly, Again shalt thou be holy, And wear a crown of glory.

Arise!

sit down! Jerusalem, Redeemed, reclaimed before all men,

Thou art my chosen people.

Lu. Dalton.

THE LABORING MAN.

I want free life, I want fresh air.

For I'm tired of living in slavery,

Where the comforts for others I have to prepare

While the necessaries are not allowed me.

Have I no right to the blessings of life,

When honestly I have prepared them?

Why should I live in hardship and strife While others have luxury and freedom?

Let me live a life of peace and love,

For I'm tired of war and hatred

And taking each other's life and blood,

As if we were animal kindred.

Can I not reap that which I've sown?

Have the harvest as well as the spring time?"

Why am I compelled to live in the dark

While others are living in sunshine?

I want to reach that higher life

Of harmony, love and freedom;

To live together for each other's good,

And establish an heavenly kingdom.

Wm. Stlinpso'i.

l.DITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BV The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, May, 1894.

THE HOME INDUSTRY MOVEMENT.

One very pleasing result of the extremely hard times through which we are passing has been the agitation in favor of the use of home made articles.

It is very evident that in order to avoid total bankruptcy something must be done to keep the money which we already have in our midst in circulation among our own people, instead of sending so much abroad for those things which we have both the material and skill to manufacture.

For very many years it has been the counsel and desire of the leading men of the Church that the people should use their talents in the various manufacturing industries which are so much needed in our midst, and that the people should sustain these enterprises.

It is very gratifying to see that this spirit is not now confined to members of the Church alone, but is as strongly advocated by people not of our faith, who can see the necessity for something to be done for the relief of the country.

It is to be hoped that nothing will happen to cause a decrease of the present prevailing spirit of self-support.

It has often been stated, and the fact is becoming daily more apparent, that goods manufactured in this Territory are usually superior to those imported.

This reputation it should be the aim of every manufacturer to sustain, and neither by neglect nor the use of poor material, permit anything inferior to be placed upon the market.

There are two special dangers at present against which we should be guarded.

One is that the manufacturers themselves will become indifferent and feel that nothing is required of them but to keep their goods before the public.

Another is that dealers will be tempted when applied to by purchasers who desire home goods to misrepresent their wares, if they do not have the home manufactured articles in stock, and foist upon the public imported articles.

Instances are known where this latter course has been taken.

When such is the case, the dishonest merchant (for it is dishonesty to misrepresent) should be publicly exposed, unless he gives satisfactory assurances that the mistake, intentional or otherwise, will not occur again.

Prosperity will certainly come to the people in this intermountain country and continue with them, if they will learn to be self-supporting.

It is the great lesson now placed before the people, and by learning it thoroughly we will be able to successfully tide over many financial difficulties which are likelv to arise in our country.

COURAGE OF UTAH BOYS.

The boys of Utah are without exception, we think, the bravest class of young men to be found anywhere today in the world.

Not only in a physical, but also in a moral sense.

The latter sort of bravery is exhibited in their fearlessness in going forth to preach the Gospel among the nations of the earth, where they meet scarcely a friendly face, and are subjected to ridicule and abuse which only the most courageous can meet unflinchingly.

Yet not one in a hundred of them is deterred from the labor devolving upon him by the contumely of an opposing world.

Fearlessly and devotedly they pursue the course marked out for them, thus doing credit to themselves and the work they represent, and honoring God who has called them to the labor.

Their physical courage is shown in

EDITORIAL.

their facing death repeatedly and fearlessly, which many of the Elders do in the missionary field.

There is no trembling of the limb, nor shrinking of the heart in thus facing the grim angel, but there is a steady determination to suffer death rather than dishonor, which latter it would be to deny the Lord at the behest of a wicked mob.

Not alone, however, is the courage of our boys exhibited in the missionary field.

In hundreds of ways at home they show fearlessness in the face of danger which is admirable, though sometimes appearing almost as recklessness.

An incident was called to our attention a few days ago illustrating this sort of bravery.

A youth had rashly pursued a fierce bear in the mountains, determined to slay it and convey it home as a trophy of his skill.

He followed the animal until it entered a clump of bushes.

As the boy came to the edge of the jungle the bear rushed towards him with a view to crushing him in his cruel embrace.

The young man with steady aim fired his gun, the ball from which pierced the animal's jaw and broke it.

Just then Bruin knocked the gun aside, but not out of the youth's hands, and seized him.

The animal's huge jaws closed down upon the boy's head, but their strength was gone as a result of the shot.

Still, every time the jaws closed, the boy heard the crunching bones, which he supposed was his own head being crushed.

All this time the bear was squeezing the body with considerable force, but the boy was carefully putting a charge in his muzzle-loading gun, but before the youth could get his weapon loaded and placed in position for shooting again, a companion came upon the scene and frightened the bear away.

It was a wonderful nerve which the youth possessed in the face of death to be taking steps to deliver himself from death by an enraged animal, and yet, when he had come through the affray, all scarred and bitten and barely escaping with his life, he said he had no fear during the whole struggle, but was determined to obtain a victory over the vicious brute.

For calm and deliberate courage, we have seldom heard of a more striking example, and yet this spirit is one which is characteristic of Utah boys.

It is this bravery and coolness which enables them to meet danger, overcome difficulties, and to succeed in places where men of less courage would fail.

Such fearlessness and nerve if properly controlled, and prevented from becoming rashness, will make of the youth of Zion a marked people in the future history of the world.

A SON'S CRUEL DEED.

Everyone who hears of it is shocked at the news which comes from Dahomey.

In a short press dispatch it is stated that King Behanzin, finding that in his war with France success was impossible he summoned his aged mother, and said to her:

"I am going to surrender to France.

My father must know it.

You shall see and tell him."Thereupon she was beheaded at his command, while he, smoking a pipe, calmly witnessed the execution.

Many Christians would doubtless feel inclined, if they had the power, to punish with the severity it deserves, the unfilial act of this benighted and superstitious king, yet within the confines of civilized Christian nations there are crimes just as revolting and really more severe of almost daily occurrence.

Not long since a report was given of a boy of tender years murdering his mother because she chastised him for some improper act he had committed.

Every few days we hear of the neglect of aged parents by undutiful children, even in our own country.

No doubt many un-

M.I. MANUAL, PART II.

timely deaths of the aged and infirm occur through the neglect of their offspring.

Would it not be better for sons who are tired of their parents to put an end to their existence by the speedy method adopted by the Dahomey king, rather than to expose them, through neglect, to years of torture?

It seems as though the more charitable method would be to inflict speedy death.

With all the superstition and cruelty of the uncivilized Africans, they are scarcely worse today in their conduct than were people of four centuries ago who would betray their nearest kindred to the emmisaries of the Inquisition, because such kindred had what were called heretical views about the present life and future existence.

Not a lew instances are recorded of children betraying their parents to the executioner, because it was believed that their death would atone tor the sins they had committed in the body.

It was doubtless with good motives that King Behanzin committed the cruel deed which is so abhorent to civilized people of the present age, and according to the intents of his heart he will be judged in the great hereafter, notwithstanding the enormity of his crime.

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

BY MILTON H. HARDY AND GEORGE H.

BRIMHALL.

GOSPEL.

Lecture 18.

law.

Subdivisions:—Law is universal, i.e., there is no existence without law.

We infer that whatever refuses to abide the laws of life and increase is immediately seized by the laws governing decrease and death.

Doc.

and Cov.

Sec.

lxxxviii, 34, 42.

Each law is limited or conditioned in its force (Doc. and Cov.

, Sec. lxxxviii, 38), e.g. the law of universal salvation has no force or effect any further than redeeming men from the fall, and whatever salvation beyond this is obtained must be through the law of individual salvation or the law of self-effort under Divine direction.—That which will not abide a higher law, must of necessity come under the provisions of a lower one.

Doc. and Cov., Sec.

lxxxviii, 13-24.

By obedience to celestial law men and women may become Gods (Sec.

cxxxii).—Those who have an eternal inheritance on the earth must obey the celestial law.

Doc. and Cov., Sec. lxxxviii, 25, 26; also Sec. cxxx, 9.

Inference:

If the earth abide a celestial law whatsoever belongs to it or is a part of it must also abide the same law, and if there be not perfect correspondence or harmony existing between the home and its inhabitants then there is disorder and confusion, and God has declared his house to be one of order;

the great law of the eternal fitness of things is one the universe obeys.—All blessings are predicated upon law.

Doc. and Cov., Sec.

cxxx, 18-21.

(From the text the law might be formulated thus:

"Blessings from God shall be given only to those who obey the law upon which the blessings are predicated.") Self-review:—1. What is law?

2.

Give proofs from revelation and from reason that law is universal.

3. Show that the force of each law is limited.

4. What great law would be violated in permitting a celestial planet to be inherited by any but celestial beings?

5. What is that law upon which all blessings from God are predicated?

Lecture 19.

free agency of man.

Subdivisions:—Free agency, or choice power, is a gift from God.

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II Pearl of Great Price, p.

9.—Satan sought to rob man of his agency, but failing in this, he seeks to induce men to abuse this, the greatest of earthly gifts, well knowing that the abuse of any blessing or power leads to its loss.

Pearl of Great Price, pp.

13, 14.—Obedience to divine law is the highest type of free agency and the most lofty liberty.

Pearl of Great Price, p.

22.

See also Doc.

and Cov.

, Sec.

x, 66, and Sec. xxix, 36-41.—Agency is conditioned by intelligence as well as by action.

Doc.

and Cov., Sec.

cxxx, 18, 19.

(Comment: We first know the right, then feel the right, then choose the right. )—Extent of agency and greatness of responsibility run parallel:

"Unto whom much is given much is required."Self-review:—1. What is the free agency of man?

2.

What is the origin of man's free agency?

3.

Prove that the proper use of free agency extends it.

4. Give evidence that the improper use of choice power leads to a curtailing of free agency.

5.

In what respect is agency conditioned by knowledge?

Lecture 20.

RECORDS.

Subdivisions:—Meaning of the word, record.—Relation of records to works.—Object of keeping records.—Uses of records.—Antiquity of records.—Sacredness of records.—Dignity of the recorder's office.—Preservation of records.

Reference to records.—Examination of records.—The great Recorder.

Ref.

Bible;

Revelations of St. John xx Pearl of Great Price, p.

(Enoch); Doc.

and Cov.

, Sees, xxi, exxvii, exxviii;

Book of Mormon, Nephi v, xiii, xvi, xxiii; Key to Theology x; Spencer's Letters v.

Selfreview:—1. What is the full meaning of the term records?

2.

What can you say of the antiquity of records?

3.

Give three remarkable instances of the preservation of records.

4.

Why are individual records of such great importance?

5.

Give two remarkable instances of examination of records.

BIBLE—OLD TESTAMENT.

{Mosaic and Prophetic Dispensation

Contimied. ) Lectrue 18.

ezra the scribe.

Subdivisions:—Cyrus, king of Persia.—His proclamation concerning the rebuilding of the temple at Jerusalem.—The response.—The return 01 the captives.—Work of rebuilding.—The interruption.—Darius'decree.—Completion of the house.

Time, B. C. 536-457.

Ref.

Ezra; Josephus, Book XL Selfreview:—1.

Give a synopsis of the proclamation of King Cyrus.

2. How was this proclamation responded to?

3.

In fulfillment of whose prophecy was this proclamation made?

4.

Through whose influence was the work continued after the interruption?

5.

Give a synopsis of the decree of King Darius.

Lecture 19.

nehemiah.

Subdivisions:—Condition of the remnant of the captivity.—The prophet's prayer.—His request of Artaxerxes.—The king's letters.

Nehemiah at Jerusalem.—His zeal and wisdom.—Restoration of the walls and gates.—Financial condition of the people.—Completion of the work.—Reading of the law.—Return of Nehemiah to the Persian court.

Time, 446-434 B. C.

Ref.

Nehemiah; Josephus, Book XL Selfreview:—1. What request did

King Artaxerxes grant to Nehemiah?

2.

Give examples of the statesmanship of Nehemiah the prophet.

3.

Explain the financial condition of the people during the work of restoration.

4. How long was the work in progress?

5. What was the object of reading the law in public?

M.

I MANUAL, PART II.

Lecture 20.

threatened extermination of the jewish nation happily averted through the instrumentality of mordecai and ESTHER.

Subdivisions:—

Universal dominion of Ahasuerus, or Artaxerxes.—The royal exposition.

Divorce of Queen Vashti.—Esther, the Jewess, queen of Babylon.

Fidelity of Mordecai to the king and his devotion to his own people.

Exterminating decree of Governor Haman.—The king's sleepless night.

—The providential record-reading.

The memorable interrogation ''What shall be done to the man whom the king delighteth to honor?"—Granted petition and request of Queen Esther.

—The royal promotion of Mordecai.

The counter decree.—The triumph of the Jews.

Time to B. C.

Ref.

Book of Esther;

Josephus Book XI, ch.

vi.

Self-review:—1.

What was the extent of the political authority of King Ahasuerus?

2. What was the relation of Mordecai to Queen Esther?

3.

What was the Haman decree?

4. What favorable results followed the examination of the records?

5.

What was Queen Esther's petition and request?

6. What was the final result of Haman's nefarious scheme?

BOOK OF MORMON.

{Nephitic Dispensation continued.) Lecture 18.

the gadianton robbers.

Subdivisions:—Their origin.—The organization;

(a) its nature;

(b) its object;

(c) the social condition of the community at the time;

(d) the arch conspirators;

(<?) the operations;

(/) the supporters;

(g) temporary banishment from the Lamanites;

(li) its encouragement and popularity among the Nephites, especially in political circles;

(z) the extinction of the organization and the burial of their secret oaths.—The reorganization in the mountain retreat.—The raid upon the citizens.—The second robber war.—The surrender of the robbers.

Time, 52 B.C. to 22 A.D.

Self-review:—1.

Who were the Gadianton robbers?

2. What was the nature and object of their organization?

3. How can you account for their getting control of the affairs of the government in the Nephitic republic?

4. What lesson does the history of this organization teach concerning secret societies?

5. What period of time is covered by the events referred to in this lesson?

Lecture 19.

samuel the lamanite.

Subdivisions:—The condition of the people requiring a warning.

The calling of Samuel.—The prophet rejected by all perverse people.—The prediction concerning the birth and the crucifixion of the Messiah.—The conversion ol many and the hatred of the mass.—The futile attempts at the prophet's life.—The return of Samuel to his own land.—The blasphemy of the infidel people, among whom the prophecies began to be fulfilled.

Time, 6 B.C.

Ref. Helaman vi to xiii.

Self-review:—1. Who was Samuel the Lamanite, and when did he make his appearance among the Nephites?

2. What were the chief features of his prophecies?

3. From the walls of what city did he deliver his divine message?

4. What effect had the mission of Samuel upon the Nephite people?

5. How can you account for their anger and hatred toward the prophet?

Lecture 20.

the fall of the nephite republic.

Subdivisions:—The chief causes:

(a) infidelity;

(b) public sentiment against religious liberty;

(c) corruption of the judiciary;

(d) disregard for constitutional protection partisan conspiracy; (f) professional

A WORD TO

GIRLS.

anarchism.—-The effects:

(a) tribal organization;

(b) protection peacetreaty;

(c) establishment of temporary factional monarchy;

(d) condemnation of and death sentence upon a whole community without trial.

Time, i B.C.

Ref, III Nephi, 6-7.

Self-review:—1. How old was the

Nephite republic when it fell? Name three of the greatest causes of its fall.

3. What form of government followed its fall?

4. What was the protection peace-treaty?

5. How can you account for the bitter hatred of the infidel mass toward the saints who believed the words of the prophet?

NEW TESTAMENT.

{Dispensation of the Meridian of Times, continued. ) Lecture 18.

parables of our savior.

Course II Group I.—Illustrating the principle of Faith.

Subdivisions:—1. The sower; (a) place, Capernaum;

(b) ref, Matt, xiii.

2.

Seed springing up imperfectly;

(a) place, Capernaum;

(b) ref, Mark iv.

3.

Tares;

(a) place, Capernaum;

(b) ref, Matt.

xiii.

4.

Leaven;

(a) place, Capernaum;

(b) ref, Matt.

xiii.

5. Grain of mustard;

(a) place, Capernaum;

(^)ref.,Matt.

xiii.

Self-review:—1.

Relate the parable of the sower.

2.

Explain parable two.

3. What fact is shown in parable three?

4. Make an application of parable four, parable five.

5.

Explain Lecture 19.

Group II.—Illustrating the principle of repentance.

Subdivisions:—1.. The Pharisee and publican; (a) place, Peraera; (b) ref, Luke xviii.

2. The two sons;

(a) place, Jerusalem; (b) ref, Matt, xxi.

Self-review:—1. What is true repentance?

2.

What malevolent principle is exposed in the first parable of this lesson?

3. Why had the publican, in this parable, a better foundation for salvation than the Pharisee?

4. How does parable two illustrate the superiority of works over words?

5. What great lesson is taught in parable two?

Lecture 20.

Group III.—Illustrating the principle of knowledge.

Subdivisions:—1. The found treasure;

(a) place, Jerusalem;

(b) ref, Matt.

xiii.

2.

Pearl of Great Price;

(a) place, Jesusalem;

(b) ref, Matt, xiii.

Selfreview:—1.

What is knowledge?

2. What is the difference between knowledge and wisdom?

3. What is meant by the Pearl of Great Price?

4. What is meant by the treasure?

5. Why would a wise man sell all he has to secure the field containing the treasure.

A WORD TO GIRLS.

A terrible tragedy occurred recently in Baltimore, which, contrary to our usual custom with regard to tales of crime, we repeat for the consideration of every young girl, among our readers.

It was the history of a young girl, beautiful, innocent, and carefully guarded;

the idol of her father and brothers.

Her mother, however, was dead, and her head was filled with romantic dreams of a hero who was to come and rule over her life.

On her way to and from school, she met a handsome, dashing fellow, who eagerly sought her acquaintance, managing to throw a kind of mystery over their meetings.

He was vulgar, false, and cruel, but he had brilliant eyes and well-cut features.

What more would a girl of sixteen demand in a hero?

The friendship lasted for years; he gained an absolute control over her.

She hid her love for him from her fond old father and brothers;

he eloped with her finally, but refused

YELLOW PRIMROSES.

her marriage.

The girl came home to die.

Her elder brother pursued her lover, shot at him repeatedly, but failed to kill him.

Later, the villain met her gray-haired father, and when the feeble old man, maddened by grief, threatened him, he shot him dead.

Now here is a young girl dead, before she had fairly tasted life, her old father murdered, and her brothers left homeless, all for her indulgence at first in silly, reckless romance.

It is natural for you to think of love, girls.

God meant you. to love and to marry.

But He meant you to do it frankly and purely, under the eyes and with the blessing of your father and mother upon you.

Trust the love which has watched you from your cradle, as being truer than that of the young fellow who advises you to practice deception toward those who have cared for you during your whole life.

We are haunted by an ideal life, and it is because we have within us the beginning and the possibility of it.

See first that the design is wise and just;

that ascertained, pursue it resolutely; do not for one repulse forego the purpose you resolved to effect.

YELLOW PRIMROSES.

Shrieking and wailing in maddening tones,

That fade away into sighs and moans,

The wind rushes wantonly down the street,

O'erfraught with a cold and blinding sleet.

Through the lonely alleys and narrow rows,

Hurling and whirling it onward goes;

Clinging like frost to the tall barren trees,

That wrest in vain with the angry breeze.

E'en the passer-by seems to hold his breath,

With fears that the storm may be his death,

Till a thought of home makes him hasten on,

And the present dread is past and gone.

But the homeless waif that hurries away

Has no shelt'ring place his head to lay;

No one to welcome or give a kind word,

Or offer for him a prayer unheard.

On the wings of the passing storm is borne

A voice by sorrow and anguish torn:

"Primroses, primroses,"came the low cry, "Only a penny, O please to buy."'Twas a pitiful face, so white and cold,

That was framed by curls of rarest gold;

And eyes bright and clear as heaven's own blue,

That shadowed only the pure and true.

Scantily clad in a well-tattered gown,

Whose folds refuse the chill to drown:

Bare teet that are numb and bruised by the gale,

Tread the stone pavement of snow and hail.

A world of entreaty, the blue eyes hold,

As they scan the face of young and old;

The pale lips tremble as they try to say

Words they have uttered so oft that day.

"Roses, primroses, a penny to buy

Bread for my starving soul e'er

I die,"But the aching hand its treasure retains,

While the misty daylight slowly wanes.

Dying of hunger, unknown and alone,

None near to pity the last sad moan;

Pride dared not stoop from its proud lofty height,

Nor wealth care to give one penny bright.

Long e'er the shades of night passed and went,

The angry storm had its fury spent;

The new-born day a blessing seemed to breathe

On the smiling face of all beneath.

The bright sun shone down on the wind-swept streets, The busy scenes and the still retreats;

On the little face of an angel child,

That slept the last sleep so calm and mild.

Clustering curls kissed the cold, pallid brow,

The soulful eyes plead to heaven now;

In the frozen clasp there still reposes

A bunch of yellow, sweet primroses.

Fresh as when plucked from their twin sisters'beds, A sheen of gold on the velvet heads,

That sparkled and glistened as if to woo Balm from sunshine with tear drops of dew.

Only a waif that was cradled in woe

A pillow of stone, a shroud of snow;

Unloved, forsaken, but by Him who gave,

Resting at last in a pauper's grave.

Hyacinth.

April 10. 1894.

Awarded Highest Honors World's Fair.

D*PRICE'S Qrt Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

HIGHLAND BRAND EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Nlilk: evaporated to a creamery consistence and THOROUGHLY STERILIZED May be diluted with either Water

Or fresh Nlilk: to any desired consistence

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream, but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to Jungk: «& Fabian, Agents, P.O.Box 693, Salt Lake City, Utah.

InsiiEaii®® €f® HSSETS OVER i) $46,000,000.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, salt lake city B.

F. Grant, Manager.

H. G. Whitney, Asst. Manager.

W.

S- WARREN, RESIDENT SECRETARY, CHICAGO,

ILLINOIS.

"Only a ^Limited J^umber of jBJ-CK VOIVMBS of ^Complete your Set wl)iie you can.

$2.50 per Vol. postpaid.

Address THE VO$T~i(I'MTOT{ €<)% TJ.

-0. Jiox 520, Salt lake iJitv, Ulaf>.

1840-1892.

MRS.

WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Years.

It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, cures wind colic, and is the best i remedy for diarrhoea.

TWENTY-FIVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

H. F. Delno&Co. Dept, AGENTS $10 a day at home selling l.lliHIMM.

I'LAlt.K anil plating J-»-in, Watches.

Inbleware, Biojcl'S. etc. Plates finest jewelry good as new, nmX on nil kiutUofWial with gold;

silver or nickel. No ejtperieuc.

Anyone can plate the first effort.

Goods ne>*i plating at every house. Outfits complete. Different sizes, all wt-riiiteil. Wholesale to agents $5 un.

Big profits, goo'i sell r.

Circulars free.

American Biscuit and Mfg* Co* SUCCESSORS TO UTiLH CHACKEH FACTORY, Manufacturers of »he Celebrated

SDJTER BRAND OF FINE CRACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

s»-Sol(l by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,"®*

HENRY WALLACE. Manaopr.

HSK YOUR GROCER TO GIVE YOU *GOLD band4FHAVOPjflG EXTRACTS,

BAKING POWDER, and SPICES, MANUFACTURED BY THOMSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

Michigan Avenue, Cor* Lake Street, Chicago* No Finer Gooda In any Market.

EVERY.

-,,-...—

rtf-ai* THE NEWLY-ISSUED WORK LATTER-DAY SAINT SHOULD READ AND STRANGER g,,VULU "UKI# ELCE R B.

H.

ROBERTS, Entitled:

r—

Successionjnjhe Presidency.

This little book considers the claims of the various Claimants for the Leadership of the Church, and shows unequivocally where the real authority rests.

Paper, 30c; Full Cloth, 55c;

Full Leather, 80c,;

Full Leather, Gilt, $1.25., postpaid.

FOR SALE BY DESERET NEWS PUBLISHING CO,, P, 0, Box C, and GEORGE 0, CANNON k SONS CO,, P, 0, Box 4H, Salt Lake City.

A.

H. CANNON P.

O. BOX N, OGDEN UTAH.

Cannon's Cash Book Store m. ml Magazines, Church Works j> School Supplies.

WORLD'S PlC^e^I^Ir LIJSE.

Unicn Mso/ufely Pure A cream of farter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., lot Wall Street, New York.

The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars jcP Through

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Ollyer W. Mink E. ElleryAnderson Fred'k R. Coudert John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Genera'Mgr.

G.P.&TJL s iVV ir ir If If If If If If V, ir if ir ir ir ir ir ir If ir ir ir Mellin'sFood received the highest awards, Medal and Diploma, that were given to Infants'Foods by the World's

Fair, but the voluntary selection arrd successful use of MELLIN'S FOOD at the

Creche, in the Children's Building at the World's Fair (10,000 Babies were fed with it there), by the Matron, Miss Marjory Hall, "after a fair trial of the other Foods,"was, really, the highest award, as no other Infants'Food in the world was thus honored and endorsed.

OUR BOOK FOR THE INSTRUCTION OF MOTHERS

SENT FREE ON APPLICATION.

DOLIBER-GOODALE CO., BOSTON, MASS.

X»»»»»»»»»M»)M»W>»)»»>»»»»)»)M)M»)»W»X 'Mr. Durant of Salt Lake City. t^nSS?.'Cannon's Cash Book Store,™-