IS VOLUME SHOULD BE

BY ALL YOUNG MEN.

Read our Prize Articles in this and the March Numbers.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

FOR FEBRUARY.

1894.

Ramblings Around the World, X, (Illustrated)

G. H.

Ancient Arizona and the Book of Mormon, III

H. E. Baker.

Princely Wisdom Justice and Mercy J.

La Gironde.

A Story of the French Revolution -...

LserttMathematical Science, II Wm. J. Kerr PreachingandPreaching.IV N.

L.

Nelson.

Judith Dare. A Story of the Revolution. First Prize^Washington's Birthday Story.

Josephine Spencer Prizes for Washington's Birthday Stones

Music:

Sweet Peaceful Vales M.

I. Manual, Part II Milton H. Hardy anS George H. Brimhall.

Established 18/3, * i8EE&. ggg;

g8: * WILFORD WOODRUFF, President.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashier, Oldest and Largest Sbtlngs Bank In Utah, with

Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford 'Woodruff, Prrst.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Prett.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Webber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Hardy.

We pay 5 per cent. Interest, com pounded Foar times a year.

Write for any Information yoadeslre.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO.,

MAIN STPEET SALT LAKE C»TY UTAH.

Dr.

0.

B. Hewett & Son, lLX Dooly P.O. Block DENT1ST S Teeth Extracted and Filled Without Pain.

see* The Best Work for the Least Money in the Territoiy.

CATARRH,'IN ONE OR ANOHTER PHASE, AFFECTS MANY PEOPLE.

What touts been done to Conquer It—What Is being done—Why Specialists are I>e- naanded—Successful Treatment of the Disease.

It is not generally known, but it is nevertheless a fact, that a large majority of people suffer from catarrh in one or another of its many phases.

These involve all those portions of the body that can be affected by an Inflammation of the mucous membrane, the head, the eye, the nose, the ear, the throat, the lungs and the stomach, all the vital parts of the body become involved under the malignant influence of the disease, and the most painful, dangerous and fatal results attend its growth.

Catarrh is greatly prevalent in this climate.

Why it should be so is not fully explained, but that it

Is so the general suffering from the disease fully attests.

One result of this is the education of physicians to treat catarrh as a specialty.

The average physician knows little or nothing of the disease and treats it by the rudest and most caustic methods, torturing, burning and applying acids to the affected parts and subjecting the patient to methods that are truly primitive.

The catarrhal specialist, however, applies paliative methods.

He cures by mild and painless treatment.

No specialists in the country have acquired a greater reputation than Drs. Mansfield and

Bissett, of this city.

Their practice is one of the largest in the United States.

Their mail treatment extends all over the country, and patients come to them from every part of this and adjoining States.

From week to week Drs. Mansfield and Bissett present information about this disease and its successful treatment.

They furnish interesting reading matter to thousands and enable many who have been hopelessly ill to take a abort cut to health by placing themselves under a course of treatment.

The dally papers supply nothing of more value or Interest to the public, and especially to those complaining of the symptoms presented in the cases of patients who have been cured

The matter is well worth study, and is recommended to our readers for their purusal.

Iiaa a i.||-| - _i Are the Startling but yet True Words Spoken by Mr.

Ill A WtLL III AN.

Rock 'who was Suffering from Catarrh of the Head, Throat and Stomach.

"I first noticed the disease in my head, as my nose stopped up, a dull headache over the eyes, ringing noises Lin my ears called my attention to the fact.

Then my throat began to feel raw and get clogged up with mucous.

I next began to lose my appetite;

I couldn't keep the food I eat in my stomach after eating.

My stomach would bloat and fill with "gas"and caused me much misery.

"I couldn't sleep.

I would get up feeling more like I had been working hard instead of trying to obtain rest.

I tried a number of remedies recommended for such troubles, but none of them rendered me relief.

I became despondent and felt that there was no help for me.

"I read of Drs.

Mansfield and Bissett's skill in treating other cases similar to mine and concluded to give them a trial, fully expecting to find the same old result—failure.

I went to them and began their treatment after being assured that they did not undertake any case unless it was within their power to effect -a cure, as honesty was the best policy and skill was the basis of their claims.

"I have taken Drs. Mansfield and Bissett's treatment and remedies, and followed their directions fully, and am happy to state that today I feel as well as ever

I did.

All my former annoying symptoms have disappeared.

Headaches gone, nose clear, throat clear, ringing in ears stopped, and I eat well and sl< ep sound and get up feeling fresh and hearty.

I recommend Drs. Mansfield and Bissett to the world, and will verify this statement to any one calling on me at my residence in Center Ward, Camp's Lane, Salt Lake City,

Utah.

Headaches, Ringing in Ears, Weak Eyes.

Sore Throat, Hawking, Spitting, Loss of Appetite, Sleeplessness, etc., are all Caused by Catarrh.

Drs.

Mansflela and Bissett Owe it.

Only $5.00 « Month;

MedMB. HYBUM BOOK, OKNTEB WABD, CAMP'S LANE.

idneS Free.

TRE^T^ENT BY T^KIL..

No Necessity of Coming to the City for Treatment.

Almost every mail brings letters asking Drs. Mansfield and Bissett:

Is it necessary to live in Salt Lake in order to take the treatment?

Can you treat patients at their homes by mail? and other questions of similar import.

Drs.

Mansfield and Bissett desire to state, therefore, for the benefit of those who may be hesitating about writing to them, that by their question blanks and other systematic arrangements, a sufficient knowledge of each case can b j obtained to make treatment an easy matter.

Thus pai ients can be treated at their own homes ns well as in Salt Lake.

Medicines are sent by express, a regular correspondence is required and maintained, and the physiciao and patient are thus in constant touch.

Prompt replies are made by Drs. Mansfield and

Bissett, modifications in treatment prescribed with the proper medicines and in every detail each case i* worked out until a cure is effected.

Enclose 4 cents in stamps when you write for question circular.

Drs. Mansfield and Bissett are permanently located in Salt Lake City.

Permanency, Kesponsi - bility and Skill form the basis of every claim they make.

25IO:iV MEJDICAIv INSTITUTE?.

Located permanently at Rooms 302, 303, 304, Dooley,(P.

O.) Building Salt Lake City, Utah. T B.

Mansfield, M. D., J. A.

Bissett, M. D. Con suiting Physicians.

Specialties: All diseases of the Eye, Ear. Nose, Throat and Lungs, all Chronic Diseases.

Office hours—9 to 11 a. m., 2 to 5 p. m., 7 to 8 p. m.

Sundays, 11 a. m. to 1 p. m.

<ftl^ a Mnn+h A!1 patients under treatment or placing themselves under treatment before

IPO a JVIUIIMI.

January 1st, will be treated until cured at the unifoim rate of $5.00 a month.

Medicines famished free.

This includes Consultation, Examination, Treatment and Medicines for all patients and diseases.

Address all mad to the ZION MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Dooley (P. O.

) Building, Salt Lake City.

Will $500 Help You Out?£™ Wo offer you the Sole Agency lor on article Mi it is Mauled in every Home nnd I mils pensable In livciv Office, something thai MOlil^N AT SIGHT.

Other article!

Bell rapidly at Double the Price, though not answering the pnrpuNe half mo well.

You can rtnikc from $500 to $700 In three months, introducing it, after which it will bring A Steady, Liberal Income, It properly attended to.

Ladies do as well as men, in town or country.

Don't ITliss this chance.

Write at once to J. W. JONES, Manager, Spriugiield, Ohio.

per week, to Agent*, Ladle* $25 to $50 <- «*m Inn in, lifting or Bellini;

"Old Reliable Plater."Only practical way to replate rusty and worn kuives, forks, spoons, etc:

quickly done by dipping iu melt* d metal.

No experience, polishing or machinery.

Thick plate at one operation;

lasts 5 to 10 years:

fine finish when taken from the plater.

Every family has plating to do.

Plater sells readily.

Profits large.

W. 1\ »"rrisnn & Vo„ColDmhus.O.

Grand Holiday Gift.

A Fine Gold Filled Watch.

Guaranteed for 20 Years, <HjCk ^iO at the phenomenal price ol i$><7 *'~£i> less than half its value.

Manufacturers were obliged to sell at some price;

we hive bought the watches, and you can mate the money.

Read carefully the full description of the watches below, order at once, and make $200 in December, selling them beside our Holiday Gift to Agents.

^AMERICAN i.:,fjR "WATCHES. « gC £ s gold filled, VlAsWtf Guaranteed 20 Years.

§IZE BEST IN THE WORLD.

CUT THIS OUT and send it to us with your name and address and we will send the elegant watch to jou by express for examination, and if you think it equal to any 130.00 watch you ever saw, pay our sample price, $9.00, and it is yours. We send with it our guarantee that you can return it at any tinu within one year if not satisfactory, and if you sell six we will give you one free.

Write at once, as we shall send out samples at this price for 60 days only.

Address A. B. BELL & CO., Wholesale Jewelers 69 Dearborn St., CHICAGO, ILL £»/> TOILET Hakes the face and hands as soft as velvet;

whitens the skin.

Has no equal for the SOAP.

Excels any 25c.

Soap.

Beware of imitations.

Over 2,000,000 cakes sold first year.

Ask your dealCosmo Buttermilk Soab Co., 84 ADAMS ST.. CHICAGO ILL.

M. Hammerly, a well-known business man of Hillsboro, Va., sends this testimony to tlie merits of Ayer's Sarsaparilla:

"Several years ago, I hurt my leg, the injury leaving a sore which led to erysipelas. My sufferings were extreme, my leg, from the knee to the ankle, being a solid sore, which began to extend to other parts of the body.

After trying various remedies, I began taking Ayer's Sarsaparilla, and, before I had finished the first bottle, I experienced great relief;

the second bottle effected a complete cure."

Ayer's Sarsaparilla Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co., Lowell, Mass.

Cures others, will cure you READ ROBERTS'Price Cents, postpaid.

?£5M7S V COPYRIGHTS.^ CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT?

For a prompt answer and an honest opinion, write to

MIINN & CO., who have had nearly fifty year*'experience in the patent business.

Communications strictly confidential. A Handbook of Information concerning Patents and how to obtain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechanical and scientific books sent free.

Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public without cost to the inventor.

This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. S3 a year.

Sample copies sent free.

Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year.

Single copies, '.2.5 cents.

Every number contains beautiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts.

Address MUNN & CO., New York, 361 Broadway.

Vol. XV.

FEBRUARY, 1894.

No.

4.

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

In the writer's last article, if it is fair to dignify, by such a term, these scattering leaves from the journal of an obscure life, the reader was told something about the two Pharaohs of the Bible record, and all that is worth reviewing of the evil days which came upon Antony and Cleopatra;

the story of their brief life, its short love and long decay;

but incidentally, mention was omitted of a personage of far greater importance, the Apostle St. Mark, who went to Egypt during the reign of Nero, A.

D.

55, and introduced Christianity, after which the worship of the Egyptian gods Isis and Osiris, rapidly declined.

Alexandria became a nursery of rival sects; and to their zeal and learning the modern world owes the collection and preservation of the books of the New Testament.

Among the many beautiful mosques at Cairo, one in particular, that of Sultan Hassan, is regarded as the finest.

It marks the reign of Hassan, and was completed A. D.

1360, after a labor of three years, and an outlay of three thousand dollars a day;

so impressed are the Cairenes with its splendor over other mosques, that they believe in a legend which says the Sultan ordered the hand of the architect to be amputated, in Order to prevent him from designing another which might equal it;

foolishly ascribing to the hand what was due to the brain.

In another mosque, one containing the tomb of a former Caliph, the attendant Egyptian points out a stone slab brought from Mecca, on which Mohammed stepped and left an impression an inch deep, which I need scarcely add, is much deeper than the impression it leaves on the average visitor.

In the village of Gizeh, three miles distant from Cairo on the opposite side of the Nile, is contained the most instructive and valuable collection of Egyptian antiquities in the world.

The mummies are especially interesting, assuredly those of the Pharaohs, which are well preserved, the features being clear, and the expression distinct;

according to the inscriptions on the monuments, the Pharaoh of the oppression made his son Meneptah his co-regent in the sixty-seventh year of his reign, and must have nearly reached the age of one hundred at his death;

there lie near his own mortal remains those of his grandfather Seti I.;

then come the mummies of queens, princes and priests, one of the former having an infant at the foot of the open coffin;

in one of a princess the incision in the left side for the process of embalming can be seen.

In some of the royal mummies glass or enamel eyes were inserted, giving them a very life-like appearance, the artificial orbs being in no wise inferior to those produced in the present age.

Many mummies of animals, cats, dogs, gazelles, geese, etc., have been taken from the tombs, also a fraudulent mummy

IN THE DIM TWILIGHT OF THE BAZARS, SIT THE IMPASSIVE ORIENTALS AND SMOKE SERENELY OR PKA*

IN THE DIM IW^fflTW « ^ ^^ OR PRAYraG HOURS REVOLVE AROUND THEM.

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

composed of rags and other rubbish supposed to have been placed in the sarcophagus by robbers who stole the original.

The collection of gold jewelry is large and curious, especially that worn by an Egyptian queen three thousand years ago.

In some instances wooden panels were found placed over the faces of the dead and these contained a portrait of the deceased; the mineral pigments which they always used in Egyptian art, having withstood the ravages of time, the colors are as bright and fresh as if laid on yesterday, and they show more than any other relics, how people looked and dressed four thousand years ago.

Their national museum also contains the oldest statue in Egypt, and, therefore, in the world;

the life-size wooden figure of a man dug up near the ruins of Memphis, fifteen miles from Cairo.

This figure and the Pharoahs are regarded by Egyptologists as the gems of the unrivaled collection.

"No sir, I don't speak a word of the d d language, 'replied a New Yorker whom I asked on a Nile boat one day if he spoke Arabic, the language of modern Egypt;

nevertheless it's advisable for strangers to understand the, to them, four principle words of the native tongue;

the first is Backsheesh, a donation, the ever-constant cry of children and beggars, and to meet the ceaseless strain on purse and temper, there are three words, imshee (scat!

get out!) mafeesh (no, nothing) or bookrah (tomorrow).

The last word I reserved for the usual horde of bootblacks, till one day a little burntumbered Arab yelled back in good English, "what time tomorrow?"After that collapse of the writer, mish-mesh, was substituted, a slang Arabic term meaning, "when the apricots get ripe,"about as definite in that land, as ''once upon a time'in this country.

More picturesque people were never seen, and many of their maidens remind me of Venetian eirls I saw on the Adriatic lagoons twenty years ago.

The thoroughfares are full of strange noises, color, life and motion;

full dress and seminudity brushing by in contact;

beggars and thieves and loafers asleep on the curbstones with faces upturned in the full g*are of the noon-day sun, while naked children of a blue-black color are making modern mud-pies;

this last shade of interesting humanity are said to be descendants of the time of Candace, that Ethiopian queen who once fell upon Egypt like a lioness on a traveler belated in the desert.

The spawn, or children rather, always have a legion of flies swarming about their faces and rimming their eyes;

the insects though small, show all the activity of their race and are never by any chance brushed aside, not even from an infant in its mother's arms; some travelers wonder how the children stand it the writer's sympathies are with the flies.

On arriving at Cairo two phases of the land are ever on the mind, the bazars and the pyramids;

I take them in the order named.

In the bazars the various trades and nationalities have, as a rule, separate quarters;

there is the Egyptian bazar, the Persian bazar, and the abode of the Moors who sell blankets, Fez caps and other articles characteristic of their country;

from the Barbary coast, in a district called "within the Chainus,"barricaded against donkeys, camels or vehicles, are displayed silks and other Lebanon and Constantinople goods;

farther on lies the gold and silver bazar where native jewelry is weighed in the scales against the purchaser's coin, and ten to twenty-five per cent, added for manufacturing and the alloy in the coin, only pure metal being used in their ornaments.

Then follows the drug, spice and perfume bazar, some of the latter, heavy and pungent oriental odors, run into fancy prices; the shops are generally of one story, but when two or more

2IO A'. \MI!LINOS AkOO.XD I III- WORLD occur, each succeeding story projects over the one beneath, while all are covered in overhead with skylights and matting, leaving the arteries of traffic in a cool environment.

As in China, the shops rarely exceed sixteen feet in width and twenty in depth.

Here in the dim twilight sits the impassive, unspeakable Oriental, as in a trance, and smokes serenely or prays devoutly as the smoking or praying hours revolve around hum; should you contemplate a purchase, tiny cups of ebony-black coffee and cigarettes are passed around, you sink languidly on the Persian rug or Turkish mat lying in front and, glancing at everything but the one thing desired, assume an indifference you cannot feel, well knowing that the half or even a third of the price asked will finally be accepted; meanwhile the crowd ebbs and flows unceasingly;

a water carrier goes by with a pig-skin newly filled, the hair left on, the skin of the legs and stomach sewed up and the neck reduced to a hose controlled by the hand, and thus the narrow, dirty thoroughfares are sprinkled as well as the passers-by.

Small as the shops are, many of them contain fortunes, wonderfully cut glass, rare laces from Damascus, gold and silver tissues from Lebanon, strange, antique armor inlaid with old jewels and precious metals, Tyrian purple, treasures from Tunis,

Algiers, Smyrna, Arabia, and all the

Levantine, Ethiopian ornaments of a wild, barbaric splendor and funeral urns of a bygone age exhumed from tombs in the desert.

One day after making a trifling purchase (the mummied right hand of an ancient Egyptian lady, over whose lost tawny locks some two thousand eight hundred years were supposed to have passed), I returned the merchant three counterfeit coins he had inadvertently given me in change, when a young Englishman who had accompanied me during the day, suddenly rose up from the rug we had been reclining on and, looking suspiciously at the dealer, turned to me hurriedly and said, "let's go;"surprised at his haste, 1 followed him to a retired part of the bazar where, after a careful examination of his raiment, he informed me it was "honly a hinsect. "Only one?

I replied, you are fortunate.

The next day was devoted to the pyramids lying at the edge of the desert ten miles distant.

For the first hour the road winds through a beautiful avenue of acacias leading past the palace of Gizeh, a summer retreat of the Khedive in the neighborhood of the tombs of the Mamelukes.

Many have been the ideas advanced as to what purpose the pyramids were intended to serve, temples, granaries, observatories, tombs, etc., but the best judgment of the most eminent Egyptologists call them tombs and tombs only, not the least logical reason being that they are never found away from a necropolis or cemetery.

Herodotus, who visited Egypt two thousand three hundred years ago and left a record of his travels, said the great pyramid of Cheops occupied twenty years in building, and employed three hundred and sixty thousand laborers.

Its dimensions are seven hundred and fifty-five feet square, its height rather more than twice that of the central spire of the Temple, where the lofty figure of Moroni stands impending.

After a talk with the Arabs I concluded to make the ascent, although some misgivings arose, less about the going up than the coming down;

the shimmering glare of an Egyptian sun reflected back from the bewildering mass of greyish white stone may well dazzle and confuse stronger eyes than mine.

Some Bedouins from the desert, lounging near, offered to guide and assist, for a consideration of course so selecting two of them, one to carry a gourd of water, the task was accomplished with little fatigue and a minimum of danger, but help was indispensable,

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

as some of the terraces which form regard the ascent as dangerous, the stupendous monument are but others as entirely safe, the truth narrow ledges a few inches wide, and probably lies between the two.

The four or five feet in height, with few footholds, and many of those known only to the o-u ide.

Some travelers view from the summit is extensive, interesting and characteristic of Egypt.

On one hand could be seen

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

the distant mosques and minarets of Cairo, with the tombs of the Caliphs lying between the range of the Mokattam Mills, with the quarries of Mosarah, whence so many of the limestone blocks used for building the pyramids were taken, the long, silver thread of the Nile windingthrough a green plain and greener clumps of stately palms in what an artist would call the middle distance.

More interesting still was a long caravan with straggling camels, setting out on its weary pilgrimage to Mecca, there to quench their fanatical thirst in the fever-haunting waters of Mohammed's sacred pool.

In the other direction, to the south and west, the awful silence of the Libyan desert reigns supreme and undisturbed; between a small grove of cocoa palms and the horizon of that sterile waste there exists only the wide-spread desolation of the drifting sands;

this scene is made more desolate still, if possible, when gazing in awe on the solemn, changeless face ofthe Sphinx, the very spirit in all the world, of loneliness and isolation.

In our day the great pyramid does not taper to a point, there is a flat surface about nine feet square on top;

in some forgotten age the stones forming the apex were loosened and tumbled onto the plain below where ingathering sands have buried them.

Kneeling on the edge and carefully steadying myself with both hands I look down nearly five hundred feet to the base, where from the hot seething levels below, the lambent heat comes up.

Some Europeans have joined the Arabs and shading their eyes with their hands, are trying to make out the figure on the summit, while their own forms show as mere black and white specks on the sun-brightened sands.

Remembering what an old man, the ''Sheik of the pyramid'had advised about the descent, to keep the eyes on the feet and distrust a wider range of vision, the somewhat perilous task is completed without incident and the interior entered where the entombment comment es and where the two Bedouins and tintraveler are no longer left out in tinheat.

The "Miracle in Stone"has been so generally read in Utah that any description of the interior of the great pyramid would appear superfluous, nor indeed is there much to see or describe.

Few writers, I take it, possess the facile imagination of the author of that work who discerns a mysterious motive, a deep-laid plan in every angle and turning of the winding way that leads to the king's chamber.

It was probably first broken into about 3,300 B. C, then closed up at someuncertain time, but the tomb was again violated by the Arabs in the reign of the Caliph El Mamoun, son of the famous Caliph Haroun al Raschid (who was only paralleled by himself in the "Arabian Nights").

That Caliph was in search of treasure but found nothing, the mummy itself being gone, if indeed it was ever there.

The close, musty air, difficult scrambling and the fine, impalpable dust like that which gathers on the walls and furniture of a closed up house, as well as the reverberating echoes called forth by the incessant jabbering of my Arabs and the irksome progress over long, slippery passages worn smooth by centuries of use, all combine to make the exploration of the interior difficult and a grievance, or, if one may use the detestable slang of the day, a sickener.

I had provided myself with some magnesium wire and lighted up the king's chamber long enough to examine the lidless sarcophagus of red granite or porphyry which has been sadly marred by former travelers chipping oft and carrying away fragments, a piece of vandalism that will probablv result in the coffin disappearing entirelv some day.

The persistence with which those two Arab thieves kept telling each other while glancing furtively at me, that it was against the law, it really was, to chip off or remove any fragment from

RAMBLINGS AROUND THE WORLD.

the king's chamber, convinced me at once that a few piastres would ''do the work,"if I cared to have the vile work done;

their hope failed them;

the strong contempt aroused everywhere among the better class of travelers is gradually stamping out vandalism.

Retracing my steps and noting here and there on the walls the imprint of a hand, I recalled to mind the story of a government officer of the Khedive's, Marietta Bey, I think, who caused a tomb in the desert to be opened and being the first to enter, saw in the dust on the floor the footprints of the workmen left there twenty centuries before, when according to the hieroglyphics on the walls the tomb had been closed up and sealed.

Finally reaching the goodly earth and air and the blessed sunlight once more, and feeling faint, I sent to the carriage for a small flask of brandy which had been brought along for such an emergency;

evidently the emergency had previously arrived and reached the driver first, he had gone to sleep and taken the brandy with him, another Egyptian who believes in the transmigration of spirits.

Hassan, a son of the sheik referred to, recalled some interesting episodes of former ascents; two are recorded here, as samples only.

An English lieutenant made the ascent the year before and rejected alike attendance, aid or advice; he was kept in view by those below, was seen to reach the top safely, linger awhile, and commence the descent;

after progressing eighty or a hundred feet, the figure of the man was seen to bound into the air striking at intervals on the way down, each succeeding stone tearing off a piece, until the lifeless body, a mass of splintered bones and quivering flesh, was flung onto the sands below at the very feet of the horrified spectators. When the news reached the hotels in the city, it was called a suicide, but had that been the case the victim would probably have chosen the highest point from whence to make the plunge.

It is a fairer chance to believe that under the constant strain, his nerves reached their greatest tension and then gave way entirely.

The second instance follows:

A man of fifty, at that time a minister of some prominence on the other side of the water, coolly and without comment reached the top and shortly afterwards commenced the return journey.

He had descended but a few yards when he suddenly shrank away from the guides, commenced trembling and broke into tears;

it became necessary for his attendants to bind his wrists, blindfold his eyes and get him down as best they could.

I rose to go, a late start in that latitude necessitates a late return, daylight fades rapidly in the Orient and no twilight intervenes; when the sun is down, night is at hand, but that night the moon came too. Diana is Mohammedan in the African sky, and hangs her crescent horns up, there was no wet moon in Egypt that month.

Hassan and his fellow Arab were paid off and immediately disappeared among the shadows of the second pyramid the carriage had been sent on ahead to a garden reach at the rise to the avenue of trees while the writer set out on a walk to the rendezvous.

I walked leisurely, sauntered is the word, and before entering the shadows of the timber turned for a last look the melancholy cry of a reed-bird mingled with the distant baying of a watchdog on the Nile marshes came mournfully up on the evening air;

a fitting dirge for that sad cenotaph in the Libyan desert;

there, magnified by the moon against the blue-black sky, towered the changeless tomb of

Cheops that has troubled the earth and air for ages upon ages.

Lingering alone on such a spot at that belated hour, it must be an unimaginative man indeed who cannot dream for a moment that he belongs to his surroundings, to the asfe of

2I 4 AXC/EA'T Ah'/ZOXA ANP THE HOOK OE.I/O A'A/OX.

Cheops, but that somehow he was overlooked and left behind seriocomic to feel as if the last train had gone ages ago and there wouldn't be another.

G.

//.

Sue//.

A Frank Acknowledgment:—

Pope Pius V. was the son of a humble shepherd.

His name, before being called to the papal chair, was Michael ( ieislcr.

After his appointment to his high position, he is credited with having often said:

"So long as I was one of the ordinary people I felt assured of my salvation;

when I became cardinal, I began to have doubts concerning it:

now that I am Pope, I am filled with doubts and fears in regard to it."

M. A.

ANCIENT ARIZONA AND THE BOOK OF MORMON.

in.

Let us further consider the evidences going to show that these ancient people were not of Toltec or

Aztec origin.

The cardinal and grand chief virtue of the

Toltec and Aztec peoples was military valor. They were reared and trained to this end. No monarch was regarded as fit 1o bear rule who was not a warrior of proven and tested courage.

The people upheld and sustained all declarations of war no matter what the cause or excuse.

The greatest glory to be attained was to be knighted for heroic deeds in battle.

It was their belief that to fall in battle gave the hero immediate admission into eternal bliss.

This virtue superseded all others, whether moral or physical, and was their pinnacle of human honor and glory.

There are no annals of a semi-civilized people in all the world so incessantly and cruelly bloody.

It is easy to trace the cause of this most prominent national characteristic.

The murderous spirit that relentlessly pursued the Nephites in their long flight around the Gulf of Mexico and up the great valley of the "Father of waters"into the State of New York, was so deepened into their natures that their warfares have continued ever since with but little interruption until recent years.

After the fall of the Nephites, Moroni said, "And behold also the Lamanites are at war one with another; and the whole face of the land is one continual round of murder and bloodshed;

and no one knoweth the end of the war.

Now, since according Mexican annals, the Toltecs began to pour into that country from the north northeast, between one and two hundred years after this great event, it is but according to the laws of heredity and the teachings which children ever imbibe from their progenitors that the Toltecs and Aztecs should glory in war as has been stated.

But the Zunis and other Pueblos of whom we write have never been a warfaring'people;

on the contrary for eight hundred years of tradition among the living and by all the evidences of defence among the ruins of the dead, they have ever been a people who have lived on the defensive, and shunned through all their generations the shedding of blood.

This is characteristic of the Nephite race as disclosed throughout their history, and could not well have grown out of the Toltec spirit, especially since such a change must have been complete and permanent at the very beginning of their separation.

Though their religion may have been taken from them at an early date, if they are Nephites we may look with a degree of certainty to see the chief characteristic of that superior strain of blood handed down to the latest generation, if not crossed with other

ANCIENT ARIZONA AND THE BOOK OF MORMON.

strains and breeded out.

The striking contrast in this respect between these people and the Toltec and Aztec life must stand as a towering testimony asserting their identity and one not readily overthrown.

The Toltecs and Aztecs up to the time of their religious conquest by Spain were given over to an idolatry that reached gigantic and appalling proportions.

The sacrifice of human beings to their idol gods grew to be the most stupendous religious infamy of all the ages, and this national custom was in its zenith in the days of the second Montezuma when his kingdom fell before the Spaniards whom God had raised up and made the foremost nation of the earth to destroy a government and a religion, which, united, would dare to sacrifice fifty thousand souls to an idol god at the dedication of a single temple. Mormon declares that when the Lamanites drove his people northward giving them battle from time to time, that the women and children when taken prisoners were sacrificed to their idol gods.

This institution of human sacrifice thus beginning as we know in the fourth century in North America, continued with ever-increasing horror until the overthrow of the Montezuma regime, of which also the huge sacrificial stones and many other remains found in that country bear a silent but horrible witness.

It is an altogether unreasonable presumption that so innocent a people as those of whom we write, who, though they have ever offered sacrifices, do not even shed the blood of bird or beast, could have sprung from such a source, especially when there was no gap in Toltec or Aztec history when the practice was interrupted.

An inlaid shell of remarkable beauty and delicacy has been found in the Arizona ruins.

It measures one and a half inches in diameter, on the convex side of it has been laid a coating of fine black cement, into which has been skillfully set one hundred and twenty-three pieces of beautiful oblong turquoise, each onethird of an inch in length, forming a finely shaped tortoise, the black cement being exposed in such a manner as to form the feet.

The surface was also beautifully polished.

This exquisite little mosaic was carefully copied in water colors and sent to Tiffany's great jewelry establishment in the city of New York.

Their expert pronounced it the finest specimen of the kind ever exhumed from the ancient ruins of America.

It is needless to remark that what is known of the stone tools and implements of this people precludes the possibility of there being lapidists among them equal to so fine a specimen of the jeweler's art.

And the fact that no mosaic work like it has ever been found among them, aside from this piece, shows that they did not produce it themselves, but with the other sea shells of which we have spoken, it must have been brought from another and more advanced civilization.

That civilization was not Toltec or Aztec, for the reason that at the time of the Spanish conquest, when the most superb jewelry, it is said, was taken from the conquered people to Spain, it is probable there were no skilled craftsmen in that line, for while the deft artists who wrought such magnificent mosaics in feathers have their successors in Mexico today, there are no lapidists among them.

And it is the probability that if the race had ever produced so advanced a craft, there would still be traces of it left.

The probabilities are that the exquisite jewelry which the Aztecs had at the time of the conquest was found in the tombs, temples and buildings left by the Jaredite people whose civilization was, according to the record of Mormon, evidently the most advanced of any that has existed upon the continent, save the one of today.

If this be true, the Nephites were first upon the ground to occupy the

f \NCIENT ARIZONA AND THE BOOK OF MONMOW

Jaredite building's and secure their wealth, jewelry and other valuables, and doubtless they in turn left it in their dwellings when suddenly compelled to flee before the fierce army of the Lamanites.

Thus this beautiful bit of mosaic work no larger than a silver dollar may be traceable to that most ancient of all the American races since the flood, and if so, is more than two thousand years old.

Thus far we have endeavored to sustain three distinct propositions, namely:

first, that the Zunis and other living tribes of the Pueblos did not advance from a barbarous state, but have declined through the trying centuries of their national life, and fallen from a far more advanced civilization.

Second, that the ancient inhabitants of Arizona and New Mexico, whose habitations for many centuries have been a desolation, and t^ie now living Pueblos were originally one people.

Third, that this race of people were neither of Toltec nor Aztec origin.

We will for the present leave this branch of the subject after quoting from the pen of a justly celebrated historian and investigator, Hubert Howe Bancroft, whose carefully weighed opinions happily sustain the premises we have here ventured to present.

Among the many endorsements which this distinguished writer has received, it will be apropos to advert to the statement of the New York Tribune, which refers to his ability, not as a historian, already so widely known, but as an archaeologist.

It says:

"The native races gave Mr.

Bancroft at once a distinguished position as an investigator.

He is now recognized as an authority of the first rank."In his history of Arizona and New

Mexico, referring to the Pueblos, he says:

"Long, perhaps centuries, before the Spaniards came, began the decline of this numerous and powerful people.

The cause of their misfortune must be traced to wars with savage predatory tribes, like the Apaches, and with each other, drought and pestilence contributing to the same end."And upon the second proposition, he has this to say:

"All the ruined structures, (in Arizona and New Mexico) and other relics of the long past were so evidently the work of the Pueblos or cognate tribes that there exists no plausible reason for indulging in conjectural theories respecting the agency of extinct races."Again from the "Native Races"we quote the following emphatic conclusions, endorsing the third proposition:

"I can hardly conceive of structures reared by human hands differing more essentially than the two classes in question, (Arizona and Central America).

In the common use of adobes for building material;

in the plain walls rising to a height of several stories;

in the terrace structure, absence of doors in the lower story, and the entrance by ladder;

in the absence of arched ceilings of overlapping"blocks, of all pyramidal structures, of sculptured blocks, of all architectural decorations, of idols, temples, and every trace of buildings evidently designed for religious rite, of burial-mounds and human remains;

and in the character of the rock inscriptions and miscellaneous relics, not to go further into detail the New Mexico monuments present no analogies to any of the southern remains."Thus Mr.

Bancroft emphatically dissents from the prevalent notion that the Pueblo people are of Toltec or Aztec antecedents, and says:

"I feel justified in protesting against the too prevalent tendency of most writers to accept in this matter, as fact, what is at the best but vague conjecture."Briefly, then, the important conclusion now arrived at, not only by abundant evidence which has been gleaned from the field, but concurred in by one of the ablest of investigators, is, that the ancient occupants of Arizona and New Mexico were not of Toltec or Aztec descent

ANCIENT ARIZONA AND THE BOOK OE MORMON

or of Indian origin; and these conclusions bring us face to face with the unavoidable ultimatum, the trend of which it is most natural and easy to follow by the facts of history, that they were either of the Jaredite or Nephite race.

At this point we must part company almost entirely with those who place no credence in the Book of Mormon, for they are limited by the data of historic times to the beginning of the fifteenth century, so far as Indians are concerned, and, from the Mexican point of view, to the rise of the Toltec sway in the sixth and seventh centuries.

And yet these annals nowhere respond to the inquiries of ethnologists concerning the people of whom we write, while anterior to these periods our learned friends must grope in the utmost darkness, unless, for the sake of the argument at least, they will accept the light shed upon the subject by the Book of Mormon.

But those who are able to realize and understand that the abridged records of the Nephites and Lamanites found engraven upon metal plates in reformed Egyptian characters, in the State of New York, in the first half of this century, and those of the Jaredites found engraven upon similar plates in Central America at an earlier date, are true records of two great civilizations, and those who understand that these two great peoples account for all the inhabitants that have occupied South America since the great flood which cut off all the human race, save one family, and likewise account for all in North America, save a few Norsemen and

Welsh who dwindled away and lost tneir identity, such persons we say are able to take one long stride in advance of these erudite investigators who have written and are still writing many volumes in endless disputation over the origin of the ancient people of America.

This much we know;

these people of whom we now write are either the descendants of those who came from

Babel about one hundred and twentyfive years after the flood, called Jaredites, a period so early that it precludes the possibility of any developed civilization occupying America between <"hat event and the flood, or they are the posterity of those who left Jerusalem about one thousand seven hundred and forty years after the flood, and landed at the thirtieth parallel of south latitude on the western coast of South America.

We will not take into this consideration the first people of Zarahemla who were found by Mosiah and his people, and who came out of Jerusalem at the time Zedekiah was carried captive to Babylon (a few years later than when Lehi left), and crossed the "great waters,"and landed where Mosiah found them, for the reason that they continued to dwell in that land from the time they landed until they were merged into the Nephite race.

The probability that they were of Jaredite origin is exceedingly remote.

There is scarcely a sufficient age to their ruins.

The Jaredites were destroyed not less than two thousand one hundred years ago, possibly a century earlier.

We know this date to be approximately correct from the fact that King Limhi sent the company of forty-three men in search of Zarahemla, by whom the Jaredite records were found, a little earlier than one hundred and twentyone years B.

C.

Mormon records the fact that King Mosiah succeeded his father, King Benjamin, four hundred and seventy-six years after Lehi left Jerusalem, that is, one hundred and twenty-four years B. C, and it was three years afterwards that Amnion and his brethren went southward and found King Limhi, who then told Amnion of the trip and the finding of the records engraven upon plates of brass, and of the bones of men and beasts, and ruins of houses where a people had dwelt as numerous as the hosts of

2l8 ANCIENT ARIZONA AND TIM HOOK OF J/OKJ/OX.

Israel, and of the finding of swords, the hilts of which had perished and the blades had been eaten with rust, and of breast plates of brass and copper which were well preserved.

These were the remains of the Jaredite race, as attested by the account of the Prophet Ether, contained in the records then found, which were afterwards translated, declaring'that the conflicts of the people were so fierce that they fell in mortal combat innumerably, and were left upon the ground without burial.

Just how long prior to B.

C.

this destruction took place cannot be told.

But it must have taken some time for the sword hilts to have rusted away.

Coriantumr, the last of the race, except it be Ether, visited the people of Zarahemla before Mosiah found them and remained nine moons, but how long before we cannot tell.

However, the denudation of timber in the North Country, as mentioned by Mormon, at the time the Nephites emigrated thither, B.

C, was doubtless the result of the Jaredite civilization, and indicates that their destruction could not have been far back of 121 B.

C.

Hence we say that the ancient people who are still dwelling in Arizona were not likely to have been of Jaredite descent, since 2100 years or more appears to be altogether too remote from our times to look for their origin.

But aside from this, we have the word of the prophet which is conclusive.

The word of the Lord came to Ether and he declared to Coriantumr that if he did not repent it should come to pass that "every soul should be destroyed save it were Coriantumr."And this prophecy having been fulfilled these people cannot be Jaredites.

The problem, then, is narrowed down to the Nephite race as the progenitors of the Zuni;

and the probable circumstances of their separation and migration, we will now proceed to consider.

Tin- adobe ruins extend principally from the mouth of the Gila River, at Yuma, near the headwaters of the Gulf of California, eastward along the valley of that river and up the splendid valley of the Salt River, which empties into the Gila, and northward along the valley of the Verde River, a tributary of the Salt, and also eastward into New Mexico.

Toward the south they terminate before the Mexican line is reached, barring but a single exception.

These facts seem to discredit the idea that their settlements advanced northward out of Mexico, and give rise to the supposition that at some early date they found their way by water into the Gulf of California.

It will be remembered that Mormon gives an account of the building of several large vessels which left the

Land Bountiful near the borders of the Land Desolation in the thirtyseventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of the Judges (56 B.C.), and sailed up the West Sea (Pacific Ocean).

The first one of these ships took a large company of men, women and children to ihe "Land Northward,"and returned the following year for a second load, which was never heard of afterwards, and Mormon supposes 'that they were drowned up in the depths of the sea.

Also he states that ''one other ship did sail forth and whither she did go we know not."Here, then, were two large shiploads of people completely lost to the Nephites.

Though they had occupied the Land

Northward ever since that event, and up to the time Mormon writes, a period of four hundred and fifty years, yet they never heard of this people afterwards.

It might have been that they passed beyond the settlement made by the first shipload on the Mexican coast, and entered the Gulf of California, and that these people sprang from them.

The theory, however, is not well sustained and we are inclined to discredit it.

It is set forth in these papers with

PRINCELY WISDOM.

the view of giving to it all the advantages by which it may be supported as a theory, and in order to show by contrast the far greater probability, nay, the almost certainty of another, which we shall offer in its proper place.

Not a few of the islands ofthe Pacific waters have been inhabited from early periods, and a number of them contain the crumbled and mouldering ruins of very remote but advanced civilizations.

The Sandwich Islands are now the habitation of a dark-skinned people who are physically and mentally a superior race, and who are freely imbibing the principles of the Gospel, far more so than the American Indian, which fact lends emphasis to the probability that they are of Nephite and not Lamanite blood, and the great antiquity of their splendid ruins would indicate that the time of the departure of these ships may have been when their civilization begun.

The ruins of a magnificent temple on the Island of Hawaii built, no doubt, in the eany period of its settlement would indicate that for a time they enjoyed the Nephite religion, of which temple building was a characteristic.

Had the ships to which reference has been made become disabled and been forced to surrender to the powers of the deep, the oceanic currents and trade winds, they would have floated west on the broad bosom of the great calm sea, because the north-east and southeast trade winds meeting about the latitude at which they sailed forth, make their resultant course to the west, while the North Pacific current sweeps down the western coast of North America and, on the coast of Mexico, makes an abrupt turn to the west.

By these currents the ships may have floated west, and landed upon one or more of the islands which lie in their course; upon the Marshall Islands, or Gilbert Islands, or the Carolinas, or Ladrone Islands, or the east coast of Formosa, or the Sandwich Islands.

For they are all the repositories of hoary ruins which speaking with dumb uplifted walls tell of the enlightenment of their ancient builders.

One of these lost ships, it will be remembered, had passed over the route to the northern settlement, only the year before and it is not likely they would have so lost their bearings as to have passed by the settlement which, as Mormon states, they had started for the second time.

And if disabled neither the wind nor water currents would have taken them north.

Hence the probabilities are against this hypothesis and without some connecting link it can never become anything more than vague conjecture.

In the next and closing paper will be presented an entirely new and, we believe, interesting hypothesis concerning the deflection of these people from the Nephite race.

H. E. Baker.

PRINCELY WISDOM.

Frederick William the Great, Elector of Brandenburg, had a garden plotted for himself at Berlin.

His first wife, Louise of Orange, beautified the entrance to their garden to gratify her husband's taste, with an arch and columns.

The inscription, which was placed at the base of the latter, was suggested by the Elector himself and read as follows:

"Lord, show me the path in which I should walk."On one occasion this prince was informed that a rich business man of Berlin, had been guilty of open blasphemy of God.

The ruler punished the culprit by fining him two hundred thalers, which money was used for paving the new market place.

"The fine, "the prince said, "shall be used to provide a more pleasant road for those pious people who desire to attend the religious services.

D.

JUSTICE AND MERCY.

Justice and Mercy met one day,

And bowed and wished each other well,

Then paused to reason on time's highway

And these are the words that each did tell:

Justice, the first to speak, began, To mourn the ills he had met below At the hands of the puny creature man

Who had blighted the world with sin and woe.

"I am old as the gods,"he sternly said;

"I sat in judgment on deeds of wrong

Ere the corners of yonder worlds were laid,

Or the morning stars togedier sang.

"But in all the spheres I've ever been

It seems that now I am looted more By pilfering hordes, my paths within,

Than was ever my lot to know before.

"I would gladly do as right demands

And give the erring their proper due,

But they gag my mouth and tie my hands,

And what can a being in fetters do?"

And looking in Mercy's face, said he, "I hear it rumored in all the land

That your pleas to set the guilty free

Are more than my honor has right to stand.""Well yes,"said Mercy, "I must confess

I help the needy with all my pow'r

But if you were I, would you do less Than pity the sinner in sorrow's hour?

"Base coward he, who would not lend

A kindly word for another's woe!

May the icy heart in torture end

That would quench the flicker of hope below.

"I know it is hard for you to see

Your sceptre slighted, and scales so true

But the sovereign right belongs to me

To do my duty as well as you.

"You boast your age, as though it were, A gift that homage and grace secures,

But away up yonder, when you were there

My place was honored as well as yours.

"To quarrel were vain, but let us see

That each shall closely his province scan

And seek by wisdom to guided be

And deal with matters the best we can."

So they both agreed that this was best,

And owned their meeting had not been vain,

And parted friendly, to tell the rest

Some other day when they meet again.

/.

C.

LA GIRONDE.

A STORY OF THE FRENCH REVOLUTION.

CHAPTER V.

Man's inhumanity to man Makes countless thousands mourn.

Burns.

The ministers of Louis XV. now recognized the fact that the nearest road to his favor was through the persecution and injury of the lower classes, whether such action was warranted or not.

Not only might the royal favor thus be gained, but as has before been seen, the property of the victims fell to the person bringing the necessary proof of sedition.

Thus was fully inaugurated the era of injustice and revenge which stained the annals of France for more than a score of years, and caused untold suffering.

Its history can be traced by this narrative only in a few localities, although they can be taken as an index to the general conditions existing throughout all France.

It was the beginning of the year 1770.

In the portion of Guienne in which Duruy and his friends lived, the winter was not at all severe.

There was very little suffering on account of the cold, but on this particular morning there were few signs of rejoicing in the little town.

The sounds of fruitful industry had not been heard in the village for a long time.

The crops had all been gathered, and unfortunately for the peasants, nearly all had been consumed.

Taxes had been much higher than usual, as the expenses of the lavish court must be met from this source.

In spite of the fact that those who had undertaken to farm the taxes had used the power of the law to its full capacity in forcing from the peasants all possible revenue, the empty coffers of state had not been half replenished, when the people were reduced to the verge of starvation.

On the morning of the first of January Duruy remarked to his wife that he would leave the house for a few hours, as he desired to convey the compliments of the season to a number of the poor families of the neighborhood, who had felt more heavily than usual the drain of taxation.

"Claude,"she whispered, encircling his neck with her arms, "I fear for you I.am sure there are powerful enemies seeking your destruction.

I had a dream last night in which I was forewarned of calamities to befall us if you did not exercise care.

O, Claude, where will this thing end?

When shall we obtain relief?""When we exercise sufficient faith and confidence in the hand of Providence, he answered, thoughtfully and hopefully.

"At any rate, do not fear accident or injury to me.

I shall be back in a few hours, and desire to spend the day in converse with you concerning our future.

Good-bye, love.

Watch for me at the little window yonder.

The shadows will not become much shorter before you see me.

Goodbye."She returned his affectionate kiss and cheerful farewell, although there was a sense of fear at her heart which she could not quell.

As Duruy proceeded on his way, he noticed that the air was becoming murky.

He did not know how to account for this, as such a condition was not at all common in southern France on a morning so bright and tranquil.

He had walked but a short distance farther when he heard a piercing scream of grief.

Looking in the direction of the sound, he saw smoke bursting from the window of a peasant's cottage.

He then understood the cause of the murkiness of the atmosphere. He hastened toward the place, giving the alarm of fire, but before he reached the burning house, he was seized by a party of three men, and kept from assisting the owners of the house, who in their excitement and grief were running to and fro and calling on the Virgin

LA GIRONDE.

Mary to save their cottage from the wrath of their enemies.

"Why do you detain me?"Duruy shouted, frantically struggling to break away from his captors.

They laughed at his struggles and expostulations, and coolly bound his hands with cords. "We know you,"said one of them.

"It is through your teachings to the peasants that this trouble has been brought upon the family whose house you see tumbling to the ground.

Had it not been for you they would have paid to the king the pitiful hoard they have held so tenaciously, and would not have forced us to burn all their possessions as a warning to others.

It is of no use for you to expostulate.

The new year is beginning with reforms of which you little dream, and you need not think for a moment that you will escape their effects."By this time the light, unsubstantial structure had been destroyed, and with it all its contents;

of little intrinsic worth, perhaps, and yet all the possessions of a family whose prospects for the year would have been discouraging even under the most favorable circumstances.

They sat for a few moments as'if stupefied at the magnitude of their misfortune, and then, as with one impulse, arose and ran toward Duruy, whom they had recognized.

"Master, master,"they cried in agony, "we shall starve!

We have nothing in the world.

O God, we cannot beg!""You will overcome that pride with two days of fasting,"coolly and heartlessly remarked one of the marauders, smiling sardonically at the grief of the unfortunates.

"Help us avenge our wrongs upon our enemies,"they cried with sudden fierceness.

"They are powerful, we know, but a good God will assist us, and we are strong!"With a movement of his hands Duruy displayed his weakness.

'What bound 'they exclaimed in indignation.

Then, before the marauders could interfere, the old man rushed toward Duruy with his knife, cut with one stroke the bands upon his wrists, and dn.gged him into the little group which had by this time been considerably augmented by the arrival of others of the villagers.

The emissaries of the king retreated before this formidable array, and the group gathered around Duruy, of whose advice they seemed just then so much in need.

"My neighbors,"he said mildly, "God sometimes allows misfortunes to come upon us to try our faith and trust in Him.

Let us hope that He will give us strength and resignation to bear these trials.

Among the younger members of the crowd there were murmurings of revenge, but a kind admonition from

Duruy called them back to a sense of their duty.

In spite of the soothing influence of Duruy's presence, the crowd seemed restless and apprehensive, and even their mentor partook of this feeling to a degree which greatly surprised him.

"Hark cried one of the party as muffled sounds reached them from the direction taken by the tax gatherers.

They listened closely, and soon the agonized wailing"of an old man's voice became distinctly audible. With one impulse the entire crowd rushed in the direction of the sounds, which were becoming continually fainter.

Lying upon the ground, just outside his cottage, was a man seventy years of age, gasping in the extremity of mortal agony. He was almost naked, and on his back and breast were deep cuts and high ridges made with a heavy lash.

Duruy bent over him in time to catch the last accents of his voice.

"Master, they beat me because I would not tell them where my money was hidden.

They have taken away my two daughters.

Bring my girls back, dear master!"For a moment he was silent, and then with a cry ot "God forgive them!"he died.

"God forgive them!"cried Duruy, rising with streaming eyes.

"Can He forgive such crimes?"

LA GIRONDE.

"God may forgive them, but we cannot,"shouted one.

"Follow them Let them know that we are not as helpless as they think!"

With this the crowd surged after the tyrants, and Duruy was carried along with them, almost against his will.

In half an hour they were overtaken.

They had carried the girls with them, and on this account their motions had been retarded.

Upon seeing their pursuers they ran behind a small clump of trees, and called to the crowd, "Advance at your peril!"Duruy advanced a short distance in front of his companions and said, "Give up the prisoners you have taken, and we will allow you to depart unmolested.

"The victor makes terms, not the vanquished, 'was the defiant answer.

"By what right have you seized those maidens?""By the right of which you understand nothing.

They were taken in default of taxes.

We are given full authority to take the property, the persons, or the lives of delinquents.

You oppose us at the peril of the king's displeasure."Finding that further parley would be useless, Duruy held a brief consultation with his companions.

Their conclusion was that the helpless prisoners must be retaken at all hazards.

The peasants had no weapons, except a few axes and scythes, but they determined upon charging the party with these, and attempting the recapture of the girls.

Duruy gave a few hurried instructions, and then shouted, "Follow me!"The peasants rushed upon the marauders.

The latter, each being provided with a revolver, fired repeatedly into the approaching crowd, and six of the attacking party fell dead.

Seeing that the impetuosity -of the charge was not in the least abated, the three turned and fled, leaving the girls in the hands of the peasants.

In vain Duruy ordered the pursuit to cease.

Inflamed at the killing of their companions, the mob would not listen to reason or command.

The men were soon overtaken and bound.

"Kill them!

Burn them!

Whip them to death!

Cut them in pieces!"These were a few of the cries which arose from the frenzied crowd.

The faces of the prisoners blanched.

"Have we no friends here?"they asked in alarm.

"What friendship did you show us when you burned our cottage to the ground?"asked a member of the despoiled family.

"It was a most friendly and noble act for you to beat an old and helpless man to death and carry off his daughters,"cried another.

''Our father Is he dead cried the girls in anguish.

"O God, O God!"and the two orphans fell into each other's arms and gave way to bitter tears and heart-rending sobs.

"Behold their work shouted one.

"They have robbed us, they have burned our possessions, they have killed the old man, they have insulted his daughters, they have driven us to starvation.

To death with them To death with them!""Save us!

befriend us!

the king will reward you,"cried the wretches in agony.

"A thousand louis d'or to him who will rescue us?'The crowd gathered closer about the doomed men.

They tried in vain to attract the attention of friends.

Their voices could not be heard by those who would be willing to assist them.

Duruy interposed in their behalf, but in the melee he appeared rather to be assisting their executioners.

As the circle closed narrowly around them, they tried to intimidate the mob by threats of the vengeance of the king, but it was vain.

They were borne a short distance from the scene of their capture, and made to face the bodies of the men whom they had slain.

On the spot where these bodies lay a long iron crowbar was driven into the ground, and the un-

/../ GIRONDE.

happy victims were hound to it.

They Struggled and shrieked as now the method of their approaching death became apparent to them, hut their captors were inexorable.

Fagots were brought and piled up around the wretches, and they were told to prepare themselves for death.

Duruy made a last appeal for the lives of the prisoners.

He called attention to the enormity of the offense of putting a man to death, even under the most humane circumstances.

He told them how much greater was this crime when the death was to be attended by such suffering.

He cited to them the teachings they had received from him, and spoke of the mercy and forgiveness of Christ, whose followers they were expected to be.

"My friends, the vengeance of the king and his emissaries will not be satisfied until their deaths are avenged a hundred fold upon you, and the scourge of God will attend you forever as a result of your cruelty.

Reconsider your determination.

There is yet time for you to save yourselves from the devouring flames of your own remorse.

Remember who he is that speaks to you!"'We have ever honored and obeyed you,"returned the spokesman of the crowd, l 'and we acknowledge our debt of gratitude to you for your counsel.

But these men have by their crimes placed themselves beyond the reach of our mercy and have sacrificed their right to live.

As a warning to others they wronged us;

as a warning to others shall they be slain.

Their fate is sealed.

You cannot change it, and therefore no one can.

"What confessions have you to make?"he asked, turning to the prisoners.

"May we see a priest?""He is here, "answered the spokesman, beckoning Duruy forward.

"By whose orders did you commit the crimes for which you are to receive punishment?''asked Duruy.

"By the order of the Icing through

Paul Levon,"was the answer.

"Why did he wish the peasants of this village to suffer so?""One of your number came to the king, bringing word of the former cruelty practised here on a nobleman and demanding that punishment be meted out.""Who was the man?""His name is Pierre Lemoyne.""Pierre Lemoyne!"exclaimed Duruy involuntarily.

"It is as I thought.

He has sold himself for the favor of the king.

Do you know where he is now?"he asked the prisoners.

"No.

If he were here he would save us.

Duruy again appealed for the lives of the wretches, and the leader of the executioners answered angrily, "By the Lord!

I believe you desire their reward!

Have you turned traitor to our cause?'The look of remonstrance and pain from Duruy's eyes recalled the speaker to his better judgment, and he apologized for his hasty accusation, but persisted in his determination to enact the scene of death.

Duruy then asked the victims if they had any confessions to make.

They answered that they would make their confession to him as a Catholic priest, and receive from him prayers for their souls.

Then did this good man kneel down, and with as much earnestness and faith as if the three were his dearest friends, offer his vain prayers in their behalf, petitioning forgiveness tor their sins, and asking for the admission of their souls through the pangs of purgatory to the place of eternal rest.

He withdrew, and the torch was brought.

Again the blood-curdlingshrieks and frantic struggles of the wretches, as the flames curled around their limbs and mounted to their shoulders.

The mob danced and laughed in glee at the sufferings of the assassins, while Duruy, overcome

LA GIRONDE.

with grief at the terrible scene, turned away and wept bitterly.

The agony, though intense, was of short duration.

Gradually the struggles of the victims became weaker, and at length one by one the bodies fell into the ashes and cinders, and the stillness of death came upon them.

The former wrongs of the peasants had been avenged, but their vengeance was to bear fruit of agony and terror to them CHAPTER VI.

Contentions fierce, Ardent, and dire, spring from no petty cause.

Scott.

Lemoyne, who had witnessed this scene at a distance, left the spot fully an hour before the peasants, in company with Duruy, had buried the ashes of the victims and obliterated all traces of the deed.

He walked toward the village, his mind occupied with thought upon his best method of making use of the important testimony of which he had just come into possession, for the destruction of Duruy and the advancement of himself.

"What will be my satisfaction in possessing the wealth I may gain from this and future transactions, and even in securing revenge upon the cause of my sorrow, if she who has been and still is the dearest object on earth to me, cannot be mine?

My love for her becomes stronger and more fervent eaeh day.

Hour after hour, I think of her, and the thought that her graces of mind and person are never destined to increase my happiness, makes my waking thoughts of her tortures, my dream's nightmares."A cloud threw a shadow upon him and then passed off, leaving the sun apparently brighter than before.

"Is that not a token of my state? "he thought with a feeling of exultation.

"The sun of my pleasures has been obscured by her infatuation for Duruy.

Surely when she hears of the deed he has this day assisted in perpetrating, her infatuation for the priest will be hidden by her loathing for a murderer.

We shall see."His head was bowed as he proceeded on his way, and he scarcely thought of the course he was taking till he observed with a start that he was before the house of Duruy.

He stopped where a group of trees hid him from view of the window, and seemed debating in his mind what he should do.

At length he assumed a determined air, and approached the door.

Jeanne sat at the window awaiting the arrival of her husband.

She started at the sight of Lemoyne, and arose with some embarrassment to bid him enter.

As the two stood face to face, over each came the memory of the past, with the changing relationships between them, and for a few moments both were silent.

At length she gained sufficient control of herself to ask in great anxiety if he had seen her husband.

"I have seen him,"he answered with an air of concern.

"You have seen him?

Where? "she cried in alarm.

He hesitated.

"Pierre,"she cried with intense urgency, "tell me where my husband is.

Is he—is he in danger?

"Yes, he is in danger,"answered Lemoyne, "by the terrible deed he has helped perpetrate today, he has exposed himself to danger, the magnitude of which neither he nor you can understand.

"What do you mean by speaking in riddles?"she asked impatiently.

"If my husband were a criminal condemned to death, you could not assume a more serious mien.

Speak openly.

Again I ask, where is he?""The deed he has committed is as serious as you have said.

It is such as to doom him to a fate which you cannot even imagine.

There were witnesses to the crime, who will not hesitate in bearing information of it where it will do him the greatest possible harm.

When it becomes known to the king that three of his

LA GIRONDE.

ministers have received such treatment at the hands of the villagers, he will not stop in the execution of his vengeance until all the guilty have been punished.

And do not think that the intelligent leaders will receive lighter punishments than they who were led in ignorance and blindness to the commission of the deed.

Claude Duruy's superior education and intelligence will bring him a heavier punishment, for he was not a follower, but a leader in the atrocity.

"Your words inspire in me a nameless terror, because the offense of which you speak is thus far nameless.

Tell me the worst.

If he has been guilty even of murder, he is yet my husband, and I have a right to know his crime, that I may be the first to judge him.""He has committed murder.

Not the murder which is content with seeing its victim die, but that which delights in prolonged torture.

I shudder even now to think of the crime!""Tell me of it!"she cried impatiently.

"I must know it!""Then listen.

Three of the king's tax-gatherers were passing through the village, when a mob, your husband at its head, set upon them, bound them, and burned them at the stake!""Burned them at the stake?"shrieked the poor woman, staggering to her chair.

"Burned them at the stake?

O, my husband, what spirit of cruelty possessed you?

"Jeanne,"said Lemoyne in an insinuating tone, "it was cruel.

The poor wretches screamed and begged in terror, but your husband and his companions were inexorable.

I could not endure the scene.

It was appalling!"He came to her side and laid his arm on the rail of her chair.

"Jeanne, tell me if you do not consider his crime a cruel one.

Do you still think the man who committed this offence, worthy of the love of such a woman as you?

Your nature is so refined, so gentle, so trusting, so considerate.

You were led into marriage by him, thinking him as noble as yourself You see now your mistake.

Consider his crime and the punishment he must suffer through it.

Think of the dis grace in which you shall have to share.

He will surely suffer death.

or a worse punishment even than that.

You will be known as a murderer's wife.

You will be shunned by your former associates.

Every species of infamy endured by your husband, shall be shared by you.

Think ofyour prospects,Jeanne! How could he expose you to such a fate?'

Jeanne was weeping bitterly, and each word uttered by Lemoyne added to the poignancy of her grief.

He continued:

"Jeanne, I loved you before you saw Claude Duruy.

As a child I adored you.

In my venturesome spirit, I was willing to scale the mountain heights or descend into the depths of the valley, to pluck the brightest flower for your garlands.

Do you not remember how we plighted our faith to each other while playing on the banks of the Gironde?

How we gathered the pebbles along its course and built miniature houses, in anticipation of the one we were to erect and occupy where the river is wedded to the sea?

Ah Jeanne, constant as the sun to his course has been my love for you.

The thought of that happy time brings with it a renewal of my hopes.

You spoke to me in kindness then, almost in tenderness.

I almost think you loved me.

Your infatuation for him changed this feeling for a time, but your knowledge of his crime has overcome that.

There is now no barrier.

Escape from the fate to which he would consign you.

Renounce your allegiance to him who is no longer worthy to be called your husband, who has forfeited all claim to your love and obedience.

Jeanne Jeanne, my love, my hope, fly with me!"As he spoke, his arm encircled her half-fainting form, and his lips were pressed upon her brow.

In the extremity of her grief she had scarcelv heard his words of love:

LA GIRONDE.

she had not understood their import.

His touch, however, burning as it was with passion, aroused her from the lethargy of grief into which his news had thrown her.

She sprang to her feet and faced him with scarlet cheeks and blazing eyes.

"Pierre Lemoyne,"she cried, in a tone of mingled horror and indignation;

"did you come here to comfort me in this manner?

Is this your friendship?

Is it not enough that you should bring me the first bitterness my heart has known, but you must add insults to the injury you have done my feelings?

I understand now.

The report you have brought me regarding my husband is false.

He could not have done such a thing.

You have told me this to draw my loyalty from him and fix my thoughts upon you.

Leave me!

I loathe you!

"Another word,"said Lemoyne, haughtily.

"What I have told you is true, as you shall soon hear to your sorrow.

Not only was your husband capable of committing this crime, but he led others into it.

I saw him.

I will be the witness against him.

With the testimony I give, his life will not be worth so much as a ripple of the Gironde.

Hear me patiently!"he exclaimed, as she was about to interrupt.

"You will find it worth your while.

A few days ago I was in the presence of the king.

His courtiers were ranged around him, and his beautiful companion, the Comtesse Du Barri, was at his side.

The question of the rebellions of the peasants came up for discussion.

In his anger and hatred of all things plebeian, <-he king vowed that he would not rest until the leaders of rebellion in his domain were brought to justice.

That vow has been recorded;

it is unchangeable.

To make it still more binding, the Comtesse Du Barri offered a reward of a thousand louis d'or for the first apprehension and conviction of a man engaged in the leadership of the peasant mobs.

What his punishment will be, you can judge by the magnitude of the reward.

Do you not think that I who saw your husband commit this act today, can with a word claim this reward, and consign him to his punishment?

I alone, of all who saw the deed committed, can give this testimony and secure his conviction.

He is in my power!"The eyes of the faithful wife were filled with pleading.

"Save him!

save him!"she cried in anguish.

"Surely you will not sell so noble a man to the vengeance of his enemies.

You will not betray the cause in which you took so active a part, for the sake of this reward!

Consider your thoughts and feelings if you are forced to look upon yourself as a Judas to the cause of freedom. Withhold your testimony and save him!"

He shook his head.

"Again I entreat you,"she exclaimed, with renewed energy.

"We will give you this reward.

We will double it, treble it, though I labor till my death to pay the debt.

Will this move you?'In her earnestness she grasped his hand and looked with intense pleading into his face.

He leaned over her.

"Jeanne,"he said, in a voice husky with passion, "I will do it on one condition!""Name it."He hesitated.

She looked at him again and saw the baleful glare of his eye.

Her face assumed an ashy pallor, and she tried to withdraw her hand.

He grasped it more firmly.

"Yield!"he said;

"your husband's life and liberty are the price!""My husband would rather die;•. thousand deaths!

Unhand me!"She shrieked and struggled in her efforts to free herself. At length, with a supreme effort she broke from him and ran to a little shelf which stood in a corner.

He sprang after her.

Quick as thought she seized a small pistol from the shelf, and leveled it at him.

He saw the movement and recoiled.

She followed him until he crept out of the

/../ GIRONDE.

door and escaped through the fields.

Then her overburdened spirit gave way, and she sank fainting to the floor.

When she recovered consciousness, her husband was bathing her temples and wrists, and calling her by endearing names.

"Tell me it is not true,"she earnestly said.

"Say that you have not committed this dreadful deed.

Ah Claude, you could not do it!""I have done nothing of which I cannot speak to you openly,"he frankly replied.

Then he told her the events of the morning, with which the reader is already familiar.

''Thank God 'she fervently cried.

"My husband did an act of mercy and love, and not one of cruelty and hate.

Thank God!""But Jeanne,"he asked in alarm, "why do I find you here fainting, all indications pointing to a struggle, a pistol at your side?

What does it mean?""Let it pass, my love,"she answered, nestling contentedly in his embrace.

"It was only a—a dream, a terrible hallucination.""Nay, my girl,"he replied earnestly, "there has been more than the shadow of a dream here.

These signs indicate a stern reality.

Tell me, darling.

After much hesitation, with downcast eyes and burning cheeks, she told him of the perfidy of Lemoyne.

"Claude, stay!"she cried, as her husband rushed toward the door, "What would you do?""I would kill him!"he replied in anger.

"He has forfeited his life to my honor.""No, my dearest,"she said pleadingly, "do not give way to anger.

It is past now.

He knows I can defend myself, and he will not be here again.

If you are innocent of the crime he tries to prove upon you, he can do you no harm.

Stay with me.

I am not well."Her pleadings produced their effect upon him.

They were soon discussing, with almost as much lightness and joy as if the events of the day had been but a dream, the hopes and plans of the future.

The next day Duruy met Lemoyne in the village street.

"You are a traitor and a coward,"said the former.

"Your soul is black with your treachery.

Resent this as you see fit."As he spoke, he struck Lemoyne and felled him to the ground.

Lemoyne sprang to his feet and drew his sword.

Duruy was similarly armed, for in those days of injustice, violence, and treachery, each man had to carry a weapon for his own protection.

As Lemoyne rushed upon him, thinking to take him at a disadvantage, Duruy adroitly parried the thrust, and the contest began.

Duruy had taught fencing in the village school, but he little thought when engaged in mimic battle with his pupils, that one of them would ever use the skill acquired from him, in a cause so serious as the present.

When the conflict was at its height, a man stole along the hedge, and hiding himself behind it, watched the fight with evident interest.

It was Paul Levon.

At length the superior skill of Duruy became apparent.

Lemoyne began retreating.

His eyes became unsteady, his brain whirled, and before Duruy could withdraw his point, his enemy fell forward with his full weight upon it.

The sharp sword was driven directly through his right lung, and protruded some three inches behind his shoulder.

Duruy withdrew his sword, looked warily around, and retreated to the little church, where he changed his citizen's dress for his priestly vestments, and sallied forth to see the dying man.

In the meantime, Paul Levon advanced to the side of Lemoyne.

''Well, my Pierre,"he said in a mocking tone, ''you bleed well if you are a a stone.

How do you like the service of the king?

It is ended so far as you are concerned, for in the place where you will meet him soon he will

MA THEMA TICAL SCIENCE.

hardly care to associate with you or engage you.

"You villain!"exclaimed Lemoyne, "Is this the reward you have been promising me?

How have I been paid for entering your service?""Not with the thousand louts d'or,"said Levon, laughing sarcastically.

"I think, since the priestly pedagog, Duruy, has brought you to this condition, and I am a witness of it, I can easily claim the thousand, eh? Mon Dien!

it is excellent.

I would not have thought that an ass like you could have served me so well.

Good-bye, Lemoyne.

When you reach the gates of purgatory, take your station there and wait for me.

I will be along"—he added after a moment's pause—

''when there are no fools here to do my bidding.

With these words he departed.

Duruy soon reached Lemoyne's side. "Forgive me, Pierre, 'he cried in sorrow. "I did not mean to kill you.""Claude,"said Pierre in shame and repentance, "Take to your wife my regrets for my insult to her.

I see my mistake now.

I trusted in the promise of a traitor to a traitor.

No wonder I was deceived.

Farewell."''Farewell, old friend, 'said Duruy, in deep grief.

"Your mistakes deserved death, but not at this hand.

God, whose vengeance I have taken upon myself, judge between us!"He took the hand of the dying man and offered a prayer for his soul as it departed.

A crowd of peasants gathered.

Seeing Lemoyne's sword, now covered with blood, lying at his side, they raised the cry of suicide. Duruy did not undeceive them.

The secret of the death of Pierre Lemoyne was in two bosoms.

Claude Duruy and Paul Levon knew.

All others were ignorant of it.

Laertes.

(To be continued.) MATHEMATICAL SCIENCE.

11.

OUTLINE OF MATHEMATICS (CONTINUED).

I.—FUNDAMENTAL DIVISIONS.

"There are but three things,"says De Morgan,* "of which we cannot divest ourselves so long as we imagine ourselves to retain both existence and consciousness of existence: they are thought, space, and time.

With everything else there is a possibility of dispensing;

that is, the imagination can conceive everything got rid of, and out of existence, except its own consciousness in some kind of activity, and the space and time without which it cannot conceive existence.

The necessary laws of thought are the subject matter of logic:

the necessary properties of space and time are the subject matter of mathematics."Kant, the great German philosopher, defines mathe- Cyclopedia of Arts and Sciences, vol.

v., P- 530.

matics as the ''science of the laws of space and time, since it treats of quantities occupying space and time, and representable by diagrams, numbers or symbols."These extracts clearly indicate the general field of mathematical investigation.

They do not, however, disclose the philosophical character of the science, nor its specific functions.

The true principle of division has been indicated in our definition.

The function of mathematics is either to deduce the properties of number and figured extension or to determine unknown magnitudes from those that are known.

But in the deduction of the properties of number and extension and in the determination of magnitudes, mathematics has for its subject-matter the ideal world of space and time—geometrical forms and the combinations of number.

23° MA THEM.

I TIC 'At Si IENC E.

The primary and fundamental relations of thought are the relations of space and time.

For whatever exists, so far as is known to us, exists in space;

and whatever acts, acts in time.

Consequently the conditions of all existence and of all activity are the properties of space and time.

The laws under which things exist and act cannot be proved, nor even stated, without express or implied reference to these properties.

Space, as here used, is considered independently of anything which it contains, and may be defined as boundless extension.

It embraces all matter, in whatever form it may exist.

Time, which comprises all motion, may be defined as endless succession.* Mathematical science gives the laws of both space and time, and applies those laws to all practical investigations.

It may, therefore, be logically divided into two fundamental divisions, pure and applied.

Pure mathematics has for its object the deduction of the laws of space and time.

It considers magnitude or quantity abstractly, without reference to matter.

Applied mathematics treats of magnitude as subsisting in material bodies, and consequently embraces the applica- *Though these definitions are vague and, like all definitions, are open to criticism and may be improved, still they convey a general idea of the mathematical conceptions of space and time.

The infinite continuity implied in "boundless"or unbeginning and unending extension, and "endless"or unceasing succession or motion is a thought entirely beyond the comprehension of the conceptive understanding. To it nothing but the finite, the externally limited, is comprehensible.

However, these thoughts of the infinite need not be rejected as meaningless abstractions;

for, by the aid of the reasoning faculty, they may be brought within the finite and, therefore, to their more intelligible phase:

in the infinite of.-pace, this faculty locates the point, and finds a here and a there;

in the continuity of time it posits the instant, and finds a then, a now, and a hereafter.

Between these as limits, the whole mystery of extension is resolved into a limited extent;

and that tions of the principles and laws of tinpure mathematics to all investigations in which the mathematical language is employed,—to the solution of all questionsof a practical nature, whether they relate to abstract or concrete quantity.

II.—SUBDIVISIONS OF APPLIED MATHEMATICS.

The applied mathematics includes all those subjects in which a fewaxioms are mathematically shown to be sufficient for the deduction of the most important phenomena.

Hence the relation among its subdivisions is determined by the nature of the phenomena with which they deal, and therefore calls for no dialectic.

Among the sciences which it includes are those treating of pressure, motion, light, heat, sound, electricity, and magnetism; and among the principal arts, are surveying, architecture, fortification, and navigation.

Any grouping which these branches may require, in order to render clear their mutual relations, will sufficiently appear in the tabulated outline at the close of this article;

so that no further consideration of this division of mathematics is necessary than merely to mention the fact that the number of motion into a distance traversed in a given lime.

Now, by conceiving these finites, extension and duration, to be indefinitely extended, their correlates, space and time, in their more general signification as applied to the infinite, may be understood;

for, as Noah Porter says ( The Human Intellect, P- 569), "Though space and time cannot be conceived or defined in the sense in which those objects can be conceived and defined which bear relation to them, yet, on the other hand, they can be thought by means of their relations to these objects.

Limited objects must be related to their unlimited correlates.

These correlates can be known and described by means of the relations which they in their turn hold to these objects.

In whatever sense they may be said to be unconditioned, infinite, and absolute, they are not so in any such sense as to exclude the possibility of being related to the limited finite.

By means of these relations they can be both conceived and known."

MA THEMA TICAL SCIENCE.

of its subdivisions is potentially unlimited, and will continue to increase with man's increasing knowledge of the material world.

in.- -SUBDIVISIONS OF PURE MATHEMATICS.

Turning now to pure mathematics, we have in this division the essence of the whole problem of classification.

It corresponds to what Howison designates as speculative mathematics, and includes Comte's abstract and all but mechanics of his concrete division.

The subdivisions of this portion of mathematical science have been variously stated.

Since it involves the "investigation of the numerical laws which connect the parts of figures and the constituents of motions with each other, and the working out, from the relations given by these laws, of the actual magnitudes or motion-elements sought,"Professor Howison maintains* that "the entire field of [speculative] mathematics divides itself into two main provinces:

the one a body of doctrine concerning the numerical combinations which have to be made of given parts of figures, or given parts in a moving system, in order to obtain required parts;

the other, a theory of operations by which the doctrines of the first may be represented, transformed, and finally evaluated by means of the processes which we call the essential properties ofnumber.

He accordingly divides his speculative mathematics into a Mathesis and a Calailus, the former creating the system of functions and the latter transforming and evaluating its members when created.

The mathesis he subdivides into geometry and mechanics; and the calculus, into algebra and arithmetic.

Algebra is again divided into lower calculus or common algebra and higher calculus, including the differential and integral calculus and the calculus of variations, f * George H. Howison, Departments of Mathematics, Jour. Spec. Phil., vol.

v., p.

170.

f The following is a detailed statement of Professor Howison's attempt at classification..

SPECULATIVE MATHEMATICS=the Science of the Functional Laws by which to convert Figure and Force into Number.

I.

The MATHEclS=the Science which creates Functions, by establishing the Laws of Derivation.

1.

Geometry—the Science of Figure.

a.

Computative, in which the Derivation of Quantities is left to be effected by Calculation.

«.

Pure Geometry.

/?.

Analytic Geometry.

b.

Constructive, m which Derivation is effected by proportional drawings «.

Graphics=Direct constructive Geometry.

P.

Descriptive Geometry=Indirect constructive Geometry.

2.

Mechanics=the Science of Force.

a.

Statics=the Science of Equilibrium.

b.

Dynamics=the Science of Motion.

II.

The CALCUI.US=the Science which computes Functions, either in Form or in Value.

1.

Algre6ra=the Science of the Transformation of Functions.

a.

Lower Calculus (Common Algebra).

b.

Higher Calculus.

(i.

Differential and Integral Calculus.

P.

Calculus of Variations.

2.

Arit/imetic=\h& Science of the Evaluation of Functions.

a.

Theory of Numbers.

b.

Theory of Operations.

.

APPLIED MATHEMATICS=the Use of the Science in reducing Phenomena to Number.

I.

Astronomy.

II.

Surveying.

III.

Navigation.

For a statement of Montucla's and Comte's subdivisions, see CONTRIBUTOR, vol. xv., pp. 158, 159.

2 3 2.1/.

/ ////:.)/.

i Tit: //.

St n:\< /•'.

This division, however, is open to serious criticism.

For, even though it be one of the provinces of mathematics to investigate the numerical laws connecting the parts of figures and the constituents of motions, there is no philosophic reason for designating it as a mathesis ( learning) of mathematics.

Moreover, the term calculus, though primarily meaning to calculate or compute, has for nearly a century, since the days of Comte, been used by mathematicians to designate a particular field of mathematical investigation.

In fact, it has been more or less restricted in its meaning ever since the invention of the notation of fluxions, or the "fluxional calculus,"by Newton in 1666; and of the notation of differentials, or the "differential calculus,"by Leibnitz in 1675.

There is no justification, therefore, for its present use as a general term applied to all computative mathematics.

Besides, if the calculus were used in its original meaning, its subdivisions would not be restricted to the subjects named above, but would include all computative work whatever, and hence, Howison's "computative"geometry, both pure and analytic, "in which the derivation of quantities is left to be effected by calculation."Again, even should we grant that the mathesis, as a method of "creating functions,"is a division of pure mathematics, the classification of geometry as a subordinate province of mathesis is unscientific: as a "science of figure,"geometry, in the determination of the properties of figured extension, can hardly be regarded as any more creative in its methods than are other branches of mathematics.

Professor J.

M.

Long also attempts* the classification of pure mathematics by dividing it into two fundamental divisions; namely, computative, "treating of the general * Classification of Mathematical Science, Jour.

Spec. Phil., vol. xx„pp. 417-25.

science ofnumbers,"and geometrical, "tip 1 science of extensive quantity."

The object of the computative mathematics is to "compute the phenomena of nature by means of number and ratio, 'while the geometrical division relates only to "the sphere of figured extension."Under the computative division, Long places arithmetic and analysis, the latter including calculus and algebra; and under the geometrical, demonstrative and constructive geometry.

The demonstrative geometry he divides again into quantitative and qualitative, referring to the former division trigonometry and mensuration, and to the latter, analytical and synthetic geometry.

But this scheme is likewise unphilosophical, both in its fundamental divisions and most important details.

In Euclid's Elements most of the propositions involve more or less directly the idea of measurement, and all of book v.

is devoted to a discussion of the theory of proportion.

Very few of the propositions relate merely to the position or form of the figures with which they deal, without involving measurement or computation.

Besides, in modern geometry there are chapters on anharmonic ratios and other metrical properties.

Hence, what Long calls geometrical is also largely computative, and vice versa.

The unscientific character of his classification is further shown in the subdivisions.

First, arithmetic and analysis cannot be regarded as co-ordinate branches of computative mathematics.

Long gives no reason for considering them as such;

nor, indeed, could he give any logical reason, because arithmetic, the primary operations of which, as shown below, are synthesis and analysis, may, as well as algebra and calculus, be classed as a subdivision of analysis.

Again, analytical geometry is undoubtedly a subject of analysis, as well as of geometry, and may as well, therefore, be classed with the first as with the second grand division.

There is no distinctive differ-

MA THEMA TICAL SCIENCE.

233ence;

for, considered with reference to its object-matter, it is geometrical;

and with reference to its methods, analytical.

It is at this juncture that the root of Long's inaccuracy is apparent:

his error arises naturally out of an attempt to find, at the same time, the divisions of mathematics both according to their object-matter, and the methods according to which a subject is discussed.

But had he attempted to determine the departments of mathematics either by their object matter or by their methods of investigation, his classification would doubtless still have been defective, as are those of both Comte and Howison.

As stated above, the subject matter of mathematics is the ideal world of space and time, the correlates of extension and duration;

but time objects and space objects are so related as to preclude the possibility of discussing either independently of the other.

There is no existence except in time, and no consciousness of time except through the relations of things.

It is not possible, therefore, in our investigations, to separate space and time so as to build upon each a distinctive division of mathematical science.

Neither does it seem possible to classify the subjects of pure mathematics by distinguishing between the methods according to which a given object matter is discussed.

All the branches of mathematics consist more or less of both the great processes, synthesis and analysis;

so that, as seen in all three of the above outlines, a subject which, in some of its divisions, is analytic may, in others, be synthetic, and according to method therefore could be classed with either of two great departments.

What, then, is the basis of classification?

Since there are some twenty subjects of pure mathematics, besides their various subdivisions, there must be some logical means of classifying them;

else it would be impossible to form any conception of the science as a whole—to reduce it to an organic unity.

The principal divisions of pure mathematics must be subjects with certain specific and characteristic functions, from which the various other branches of the science may be seen logically to unfold.

They may, however, to some extent, employ the same general methods in the investigation of different subjects;

or, different methods in the discussion of the same objectmatter.

But each must occupy a special field of operation, separate and distinct from that of any other.

There are four subjects which, upon examination, will be found to satisfy these conditions.

They are Arithmetic, Algebra, Geometry, and

Calculus.

1—A rithm etic.

"Number was primarily a thought in the mind of Deity.

He put forth His creative hand, and number became a fact of the universe.

It was projected everywhere, in all things, and through all things.

The flower numbered its petals, the crystal counted its faces, the insect its eyes, the evening its stars, and the moon, time's golden horologe, marked the months and the seasons.

Man was created to apprehend the numerical idea.

Finding it embodied in the material world, he exclaimed, with the enthusiasm of Pythagoras, Number is the essence of the universe, the archetype of creation He meditated upon it with enthusiasm, followed its combinations, traced its relations, unfolded its mystic laws,.

and created with it a science—the beautiful science of arithmetic.

With number as its subject matter, arithmetic may be defined as the science which treats of the relations of numbers, and of the methods of computing by means of them.

The origin of arithmetic is not definitely known, but the term is *Edward Brooks.

Philosophy of Arithmetic,.

p. 67.

*34 MATHEMATICAL SCIENt I derived from the Greek word ariihmos, number reckoning.

Notwithstanding the obscurity and uncertainty in which the origin of the elementary processes of arithmetic must, of necessity, be involved, it is evident that every people, however uncivilized, must have possessed some ideas of numbers, and employed them in their transactions with each other.

Even barter, the most primitive method of exchange, could not be carried on between individuals without some system of estimating values by how much and how many.

From this, however, it must not be inferred that the science of arithmetic is coeval with the race;

for, although all races of which there is authentic record knew something of numbers and mechanics, and although the majority of them were also acquainted with the elements of land-surveying, yet the rules they possessed were in general founded on the results of observation and experiment, and were neither deduced from any science nor did they form part of any science.

The modern perfect form of the science became possible only through the denary system* of notation, the invention of which was the most important event in the history of arithmetic.

This system has been attributed to various nations, the honor of its invention having been claimed at different times for the Egyptians, Chaldeans, Phoenicians and Greeks, respectively;

but each of these claims has gradually faded away, and modern investigations point unmistakably to its origin in India.

The so-called Arabic characters also originated among the Hindoos.

The influence exerted by the Arabs in the introduction of the system into Europe led to the belief that it originated with them, and caused it to be called *The notation by nine figures and zero, generally known as the decimal or common scale, in which the ratio is ten.

It is the system universally used in modern arithmetics.

See note, p. 237.

the Arabic system.

It is now positively known, however, that the Arabs were not its originators. They were not acquainted with the denary characters before the eighth or ninth century, and did not adopt the din ary system until after an easy communication was opened with Hindoostan.

It should be said also that the Arabs do not claim* the invention of these figures, but universally ascribe them to the Indians, and there is little doubt that the latter were the original inventors of the numerical symbols and the system of denary arithmetic.

According to Professor Ball of Cambridge, the earliest work known to contain a systematic exposition of the decimal system of numeration, or algoristic arithmetic, was the Lilavati, a work on arithmetic which was written by Bhaskara, a noted Hindoo mathematician ot the twelfth century.

Dr.

Brooks, however, ascribes to Avicenna the honor of having written the oldest arithmetic in which were employed the Arabic figures and the decimal system.

Avicenna was an eminent Arabian physician, who lived in Bokhara about the tenth century A.

D.

His work was found in manuscript in the library at Cairo, Egypt.

To a translation of Lilavati by Henry Thomas Colebrooke,t an author equally remarkable for his profound knowledge of oriental literature and for his scientific acquirements, is prefixed a dissertation on the State of arithmetical knowledge among the Hindoos, Arabs, and the * The first Arabian who wrote on the Indian method of computation is stated by Arabic authors to have been Ben Musa, who lived about the end of the ninth century (Colebrooke.

Dissertation, p.

69).

This testimony is confirmed by almost every subsequent work on arithmetic in which these figures, called Hindasi, are written from left to right, after the manner of the Hindoos, directly contrary to the

Arabic order of writing (Silvester de Sacy.

Gram. Arab., vol.

i., p. 76).

t Algebra, with Arithmetic and Mensuration from the Sanskrit.

MA THEMA TICAL SCIENCE.

Greeks.

In this work Colebrooke discusses the respective merits of these people to originality in the possession and invention of the rules of arithmetic, and establishes beyond controversy that Brahmagupta, an author frequently quoted by Bhaskara, and whose treatises on arithmetic are extant, lived in the early part of the seventh century.

He also shows that Arya-Bhata, who is referred to by Brahmagupta, and considered the oldest of their uninspired writers, lived at least as early as the fifth century, and probably at a much earlier period.* Speaking of the early Hindoo writers,

Professor George Peacock of Cambridge University saysf that "in no case is the original invention of the notation by nine digits and zero referred to by any of these authors, but is always stated to be one of the benefactions of Deity, which is the best proof of its possessing an antiquity antecedent to all existing records.

There can be no doubt of the Hindoos possessing this notation long before the Persians, Arabs, or any western people."

Again, referring to this system,

Greenleaf says, ''It is evident that our numeral characters and our method of computing by them were in use among the Arabians about the beginning of the eighth century;"and

George M'Arthur, sub-editor of the

Encyclopedia Britannica, in his article on arithmetic, makes this statement: % "The [denary] system was known to the Arabians in the ninth century, and in course of the tenth it seems to have come into general use among them, especially in their astronomical * Professor Ball gives {History of Mathematics, pp. 153-6) the date of the birth of AryaBhata as 476, A. D.;

of Brahmagupta, 598; and of Bhaskara, 1114.

He also states (p. 161) that the Arabs were in possession of Brahmagupta's work on arithmetic before the beginning of the ninth century.

t Encyclopedia Metropolitana, vol.

i., pp. 412, 41:5.

X Encyclopedia Britannica, vol.

ii., p. 526.

tables and other writings."From these statements, notwithstanding the discrepancies in regard to dates, it appears that the denary system was not in use among the Arabs earlier than the eighth or the ninth century;

and it is therefore evident that the Hindoo arithmetic, which, as shown above, is at least as old as Diaphantus, preceded by four centuries the introduction of this science among the Arabs.

The earliest writers on arithmetic, of whom there is definite knowledge, were the Greeks.

Pythagoras, an eminent geometer who lived about 600 B. C.

, attached great importance to numbers.

He classified them into prime and composite, perfect and imperfect, redundant and defective, plane, solid, triangular, etc.,—a division which is followed by modern writers.

Euclid was the first writer on arithmetic whose works have come down to us.

He treats of numbers in the seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth books of his Elements.

Among other early writers who have added to arithmetical science are Archimedes, an eminent mathematician of the third century B. C, and Eratosthenes, who flourished about a century later.

The latter invented what is known as Eratosthenes'sieve, a method of determining prime numbers.

Diophantus of Alexandria, who lived about the middle of the fifth century, composed thirteen books or chapters on arithmetic, and is also celebrated as the first writer on the science of algebra.

Boetheus wrote a work on arithmetic about the beginning of the sixth century, "which,"says Dr.

Brooks,* "was the classical work of the middle ages, and became the model of many subsequent writers, even down to the fifteenth century."It is still a question when and by whom the modern system of arithmetic was originally brought into Europe.

It is generally believed, howPhilosophy of Arithmetic, p. 34.

M.

I THEM.

I IK '. I/.

S( 'IEM '/•..

ever, to have been by Leonardo of Pisa, who, having spent several years in Barbary, where he became familiar with the Arabic numerals, returned to Italy, and in published his work called the Liber Abbaci* In the preface to this work Leonardo gives a short account of his travels in Egypt, Barbary, Syria, (ireece, and Sicily.

His language implies that the Arabic system was previously unknown to his countrymen, for having found it much more convenient, as he says, than that used in Europe, he published it "in order that the Latin race might no longer be deficient in the complete knowledge of that method of computation."But that the Abbaci was the first work on this subject that appeared in Italy is evident from other authority than rhat of Leonardo himself, as nearly all subsequent Italian writers on arithmetic ascribe the honor of priority to him.

It is however probable that, although the system was not then in common use in Europe, a knowledge of it as a method was previously not uncommon among travelers and merchants, for the intercourse between Christians and Mohammedans was sufficiently close for each to learn something of the language and common practices of the other.

It was Leonardo, however, who brought the system into general use.

His work had a wide circulation, and within thirty or forty years the Arabic system of numeration was commonly employed by the merchants of Italy. Lucas Pacioli, an Italian monk, was the author of the first printed treatise on arithmetic.

His great work, called Summa di Arithmetica, was printed at Venice in 1494.

It is founded on the writings of Leonardo of Pisa.

After the appearance of the first few printed arithmetics, others appeared in rapid succession newsymbols of operation and of relation * Dr. George Peacock.

Encyclopedia Metropolitana, vol.

i., pp. 413-415; W. W.

R.

Ball.

History of Mathematics, pp. 172-175.

were invented or improved by different writers;

and the science, alimented by the additions of modern genius, rapidly developed to its present perfect form.

All numerical ideas begin with the unit, which is the origin or basis of arithmetic.

It is the fundamental idea from which originate all numbers and the science based upon them.

Now the multiplication or division of the unit gives rise to two general classes of numbers, integers and fractions, which are treated of in arithmetic.

Hence this science, from its primary conception, consists of two things, to increase and diminish numbers—to unite and to separate them.

Its primary operations, therefore, are synthesis and analysis.

Then to determine when and how to unite and to separate numbers, a process of reasoning is employed called comparison.

By this process numbers are compared and their relations determined.

Synthesis and analysis are the fundamental mechanical operations, suggested in the formation of numbers; and comparison is the fundamental thought process which controls these operations.

The fundamental synthetic process is addition, of which multiplication is a special case in which the numbers added are all equal.

Of the latter, composition, multiples, and involution are all special cases.

Subtraction, the reverse of addition, is the general analytic process of which division is a special case where the same number is to be successively subtracted with the object of finding how many limes it is contained.

The special cases of division are factoring, evolution, and common divisor.

By comparison is gained the general idea of relation, out of which arise several distinct arithmetical processes, such as ratio, proportion, progression, percentage, and properties of abstract numbers.

Arithmetic differs from all other branches in that it deals with only

MA THEMA TICAL SCIENCE.

positive numbers—integral and fractional its function is the determination of values, the final reduction of all mathematical results to figures, thus making them available in practice.

It explains the methods of representing and reading numbers by means of figures, together with the operations, addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, raising to powers, and extracting roots of numbers.

It also treats of the transformation of numbers from one scale to another.* Since the number of distinct arithmetical operations is limited to the number of possible combinations of the ten figures, the domain of arithmetic is, by its nature, narrowly restricted still, it is more extensive than is commonly represented.

There are many incidental questions treated of in analytical researches which consist of the determinations of values, and are therefore truly arithmetical.

Of these are the calculation and con- * The ordinary numbers used in arithmetic are expressed by means of multiples of powers of 10;

for example, 264=2X10 2+6Xl0+4;

3475=3X10 3-HX10M-7Xl0+5.

This method of representing numbers is called the denary or decimal scale of notation, and ten is the radix.

Now all rules of decimal arithmetic are applicable to arithmetic in any scale, the only difference being that, in the scale of 7 say, there are only seven digits, o, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and that the "carriages"go by 7's and not by io's.

To illustrate, in the scale ot 7 (1) subtract 3465 from 6553:

(2 ) add 3465 and 5432.

Solution.

Explanation.

(1, 3+1X7=10, 10—5=5;

4+1X7=11, 11—6=5;

4—4 = 0, 6—3=3.

(2) 2+5= 7=1X7+0;

3+1+6=10=1X7+3;

4+1+4= 9=1X7+2;

12230 5+1+3= 9=1X7+2.

The results are (1) 3055;

(2) 12230.

3055=3X7 3+0X7 2+5X7+5;

12230=1 X7 4+2X7 3+2X7 2 +3X7+0.

4C struction of logarithmic and trigonometrical tables, and the

Theory of Numbers.

The object of the theory of numbers is to discover the properties inherent in different numbers independent of any system of numeration.

It is a sort of transcendental arithmetic, which, originating with Euclid, has been developed in modern times, in the hands of Fermat, Euler, Lagrange,

Gauss, Smith, and others, into a most extensive and interestingbranch of mathematics.

The art of arithmetic consists in the judicious and skilful application of the various principles of the science, and is intimately blended with the every-day affairs of life.

Indeed, of the practical utility of arithmetic, we may say, with Davies,* "It is at once an evidence and element of civilization.

By its aid the child in the nursery numbers his.

toys, the housewife keeps her daily accounts, and the merchant sums up his daily business.

The ten little characters, which we call figures, thus perform a very important part in human affairs.

They are sleepless sentinels watching over all the transactions of trade and commerce, and making known their final results.

They superintend the entire business affairs of the world.

Their daily records exhibit the results on the stock exchange, and of enterprises reaching over the distant seas.

The mechanic and the artisan express the final results of all their calculations in figures.

The dimensions of buildings, their length, breadth, and height, as well as the proportions of their several parts, are all expressed by figures before the foundation stones are laid;

and, indeed, all the results of science are reduced to figures before they can be made available in practice."Wm.

f.

Kerr.

University of Utah.

*Dr. Charles Davies.

The Nature and Utility of Mathematics, pp. 383, 384.

I'RKACHING AND PREACHING.

IV.

SUBJECT MATTER—GLITTERING GENERALITIES.

If some writer should present for publication an essay of a few thousand words gravely arguing that, before a miller begins making flour he should see to it that he has some wheat to grind, would he get into print?

Perhaps.

At any rate, it seems that I am in print to the extent of a few thousand words on a similar proposition.

In the light of this comparison, the work of holding up the thought that the preacher should know something, should be a man of some ideas, is humorous enough.

But my justification is the wide-spread notion that preaching, like luck, is a gift to be waited for, rather than worked for, which notion, if true at* all, is true only of the "gift of gab."There is an admirable motto among us which is fast becoming popular with Latter-day Saints.

It is this:

"Let us be not only good but good for something Now as applied to preaching, the "gift of gab,"must certainly be counted good;

and it becomes "good for something,"when the instrument in question, having ceased to vibrate to mere muscular irritation, responds promptly to the dictates of a well-stored mind and a chastened heart.

Now comes the question:

What should the mind be stored with?

How should the heart be chastened?

In other words, what may the Elder use as subject matter for sermons?

What spirit should animate, i.

e.

make alive, this subject matter?

To the first of these questions, every Sunday school child can truly answer:

the word of God; and to the second:

the Spirit of God.

The revelations quoted in former articles declare that an Elder must continually treasure up in his mind, "the words of life;"and that he must speak, "in solemnity of heart in the.spirit of meekness.

But what is meant by the words of life and by the Spirit of Godf

Certainly no Latter-day Saint would hesitate long in answering these questions.

But would they be answers, or merely changes of expression?

Let the reader try a number of replies.

He will find it difficult to get beyond mere synonyms.

Suppose we say the words of fife signify "all that God has revealed, and all that He will reveal."What dots the expression mean?—the Bible, the

Book of Mormon, and other such revelations?

Surely it must mean more than this.

What of the truths and beauties of history, of literature, and of science?

What of that most precious of all records, known as common sense, written by the rough pen of experience on every man's "book of life."Shall these be included or excluded?

In short, where shall we limit the meaning of ''words of life?"The fact is, these familiar expressions mean little or much according to the mind that uses them.

They are general names only, which to one soul bring a sound and to another a universe.

To the simpleton, such an expression as the "words of life"causes less mind-activity than does the latest slang phrase.

But to the sage, all that he knows and a million things besides that he despairs of knowing in this life, are comprehended in the words.

In chemistry, in botany, in astronomy, in each of a thousand sciences and arts stand men staring with dismay at the ever-expanding field before them.

Divisions and subdivisions have been made in each, and men have chosen narrower and still narrower branches of research, and life is then too short.

Yet all this is included in the possible subject matter of an Elder in Israel.

If all that men have observed, or thought, or discovered, invented, or come into contact with in any way, were combined and preserved so as to be within reach, it might take a

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

million years for one man to master it all;

yet what part of the meaning of "words of life"would he even then have gained?

For answer, drop a bucket into eternity and when it is filled, see what intelligence is still left to draw from.

Try to locate the place where the vessel was filled.

Only in some such way as this can we bring home the conception of the awful truth.

No doubt every Elder whose mind has been lighted up by the Spirit of Truth has had a glimpse into the vistas of eternity and gained some perception of what the gospel embraces.

Scarcely a Sunday passes that we do not hear some general expression of this as:

"The gospel comprehends all that is good and true in all the world and in all the eternities."The thought is turned over and over, and illustrated by calling in the heathen, the sectarian, the infidel, and even the devil himself to contribute what truths they may have, to our system.

And thus we glory not to say gloat over the thought that God has been so kind to us, that all the beautiful, the good, and the true in the universe is ours—ours to have and to enjoy.

But we do not enjoy.

Too often we merely brag about the greatness and extent of our riches.

No sooner do we get through with the catalogue of our good and great things than we begin over again.

"All the truths of history,"says the Elder enthusiastically, "are ours, and God gives us His Spirit to understand them.""Is that so?

Stop, preacher, I'm overwhelmed with the multitude of these truths that are ours!

They are far from me, and I see them only as I do the stars, with dim light and no warmth.

My soul is sick and faint with all this immensity.

Give me one, just one, of these truths, with its human bearings and relations.

Clothe it in mortal garb and story form as Christ did.

"'Nature,'you say, 'proclaims the handiwork of God.

Our Father may be seen in all His works.'Give me, then, some of these sublime lessons.

Show me the loving Father in one of His works.

Open my eyes to these beauties of nature.

Only one lesson about a flower, one truth about the sunrise, and the rainbow in the dew-drop, and I shall be content.

But no; you pass on still telling of the wealth that is ours.

Not one specific idea!

Words, words, words.

Alas, alas!

'Water, water everywhere, But not a drop to drink.'"Such is the cry of the hearts which here and there in our meetings, can articulate.

But others are dumb and cannot tell what it is that pains them while many are entirely oblivious to the want, and perhaps even gratified by a childish vanity that "we own so much."Is it not pitiable to be told that this glorious gospel of ours embraces all the truths known to man, and immediately thereafter have to sit and listen for an indefinite period to the same old ideas dressed in the same old clothes?

Might not a cynic be pardoned if he sat through such a meeting drawing silent conclusions like these:

"Is that so?

Well, I don't think all the truths in the world have been canvassed in this ward; suppose we have a fresh one or two today.""'The Lord's table.'That gives me an idea.

Now, if all the good mental eatables in the universe belong to this gospel, why have we got to sit down today to husks?

"'Shakespeare and Milton inspired?'Heard it before.

Now, I wonder if you're going to give us a single inspired passage to prove it?

No.

Did you ever read a page of Milton or Shakespeare?

I'm afraid you're one of the nine out of every ten, that praise but never read Shakespeare and Milton.

They'd give you ideas.

''Heard 'em when you were a boy?'So did I.

'Good to have

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

Ym said often, over and oyer again?'

I suppose so—if whatever is, is good.

But good—that must mean good to somebody.

Whom, I wonder.

Not to Brother Puffy who's been snoring for half an hour.

The lounge at home would have been deeidedly better.

Not to that row of boys.

They'll 6e, next Sunday, where their minds have been today.

To me, perhaps?

I've listened, so I must have developed the power of voluntary attention.

There's a little grim satisfaction in that.

But I feel for all the world as I used to when as a boy they kept me in the same grade three years, after I knew all the lessons off by heart.

How I used to lam that old third reader down when

I got home, and swear I'd never go again.

Good?

Yes, I suppose we'll have to call it good, but I can't help thinking it might have been better."Forgive my illustrations when they are crude.

Here is one Have you ever observed the actions of a cow just taken from the remnants of a winter's hay stack and placed in a fresh new pasture where the tender grass and meadow flowers wave in the spring breeze?

She gets excited.

Her eyes grow wickedly large, and each becomes a mirror for a square rod or two of daisies and dandelions.

Her tongue, long whetted on cornstalks, mows away at all this beauty and innocence like the scj the of fate.

Like fate, too, it mows here and there.

Stopped for a moment in her mad fury by the necessity of swallowing, she gazes over the beautiful expanse of this bovine paradise, and away she goes!

No more rest for her this day.

Oh, for a pair of infinite jaws to gather and masticate all this greenness in one greedy bite Not succeeding in this wish, she snips here, then runs, and snips there, and tramples into the ground a hundred times what she eats.

Now that my materials are gathered, I wish I were rid of the cow.

However, one must often choose between elegance and force.

Without stopping to call attention to the analogy that might be drawn on the change from cut and dried fodder to tin'living, growing food, I simply desire to point out that Elders too often imitate the cow, with this difference: that while the cow's rambling is a mere intoxication, seldom repeated more than once or twice, with the Elder it frequently becomes a habit.

The notions thus picked here and there from the field of truth have been well named "glittering generalities."God has wisely endowed us with the power to take general views.

Without it we should never be able to see the grand whole; never be able to relate part to part in coordination or subordination, as the case may require.

We should, in fact, be irretrievably lost in the labyrinths of particulars.

Let us then duly sense the greatness of the endowment.

But shall we for this reason, neglect the specific, the particular? What would you think of the farmer, for instance, who dipped into the work on his plantation, as some Elders dip here and there into the field of truth?

Depend upon it, the world has scarcely any place of influence left for the man of merely general notions.

And the reason is plain.

He who cannot get down to specific ideas demonstrates the fact that so far as thinking is concerned, his mind is still inert; and ability to think is certainly required of one whose duty is to arouse thoughts and produce convictions in others.

Besides, this dwelling upon generalities, and constantly cataloguing and enumerating the points in which we surpass the isms of the sectarian w rorld, not infrequently begets a pride as superficial and empty as that of the biblio-maniac, who is always buying books and committing to memory their names, but who never reads one.

This self-complacency is the most fatal malady a mind can get, so far as progress is concerned; and when it strikes in upon an Elder

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

about the time he has the first glimmering outlines of the Gospel, it stultifies his mental powers by puffing out his vanity, and leaves him a mere automaton capable thereafter of canvassing the entire scheme of salvation from beginning: to end in one sermon

But on the other hand, many who are not thus self-satisfied, who are in fact vaguely dissatisfied, seem to have lost the power to think themselves out of the rut of generalities into which habit has thrown them.

For instance:

it is so easy a thing to keep in memory, so indicative of profundity, to say: "The cure for all the ills that curse society is to be found in the Gospel, and only in the

Gospel.

The vain philosophies of men only lead mankind farther away from the light.

This may be true.

It is no purpose of mine to dispute it if it were not.

Here we have a sweeping generalization, very gratifying to minds constituted like the one that gave utterance to it.

Analyze that gratification for a moment.

Does it come from perception of truth?

No.

It comes from praising our side and hitting the other side.

What good comes from such a remark?

How are those who heard it made better able to realize in acts the truth which the generalization sets forth?

Absolutely no better, unless it be counted a gain to have a better opinion of ourselves and a worse one of our opponents.

But the awakened mind is not satisfied with such generalities.

Here is an Elder that makes reckless and sweeping assertions on three points:

( 1 ) ills that curse society ( 2 ) cures in the gospel for such ills;

(3) the vain philosophies of men.

Surely the preacher who dares thus generalize must have concrete ideas on these points.

"Tell us, Mr. Preacher, which are the ills that curse society?

Well, name one ill?

Why is it an ill?

Do all men believe it such?

What is the extent of it?

To what sex, and age, and class of people does it do harm?

What causes it?

What are its effects, as already observed—upon man physically, mentally, morally, socially, religiously?

Its ultimate effects if not eradicated?

"The gospel, you say, has a cure.

I believe you, because of my faith in

God.

Please point out this cure.

I want to find it, for I see this same evil right in our own midst.

Don't tell me it is in the gospel, tell me where it is, what it is.

That is your business as a preacher.

I am anxious to apply this cure.

No, it will not do to tell men to live according to the gospel.

That merely shifts the question.

You must draw from the teachings of the gospel a cure just as far-reaching and specific as is the evil.

"Then I notice you make a sweeping denunciation of the philosophies that attempt to deal with these evils.

I was not prepared to go so far, as I have read only a few of them.

Of course you have weighed them all in the balance and found them wanting.

What, for instance, is wrong with 'Progress and Poverty?'With 'Looking Backward?'With haven't read any of them?

. Wouldn't waste time on them?

The gospel enough for you?"Now every general statement such as the one I have used for illustration is capable of analysis.

And this is the only way we can get down to things.

A dozen sermons, for instance, might be preached from the reckless generalization just cited, and each one would then go to the spot, if my readers will pardon the phrase.

Moreover, what is true in it would be strongly exemplified; and instead of merely having our vanity tickled, we should be stirred up to action;

and what is unjust or false in it would likewise be shown, and we should have charity rather than contempt for the efforts of our fellowmen.

I am thoroughly convinced that the Lord has revealed truths unto us, the light of which, if turned upon the subjects that engage men's

2.\2 PREACHING AND PREACHING.

thoughts today, will result in revolutionizing the knowledge of the world.

Hut I am equally convinced that, from a variety of circumstances not least of which is a sanctimonious selfsufficiency, we are scarcely beyond the word-period in the elaboration of these truths.

I believe also that we shall conquer the world in the exact ratio that we realize in clear, specific thought and action, the revelations which the Lord has given us in this dispensation.

Consider for a moment the channel into which our missionary efforts in the world have been driven.

What class of people, as regards their mental qualifications have our Elders been able to reach?

Humility is their supreme virtue, nor could any man have a higher.

But what of the mental and material acquirements—or rather want of acquirements—that make them thus more humble than their fellowmen?

That these wants are not to be counted among the virtues—although they seem to make the virtue of meekness possible—is best evidenced by the fact that as soon as these people accept the gospel, w re make strenuous efforts to educate them and make them well-to-do.

The problem with us is to preserve the humility and yet take away its apparent conditions.

It is a mighty problem, not often solved successfully.

But this is not my point.

I merely wish to call attention to the correspondence between the preaching of our Elders and the minds of their converts.

Sermons full of generalities will go begging for an interested audience until they reach minds untutored and unaccustomed to thinking.

Here they will find lodgment, and this, too, when more specific ideas would be unheeded and misunderstood.

Now, if we compare the sermons preached in the early history of this Church, as we have them in the "Journal of Discourses,"with the ordinary sermons of today, we shall be forced to the conclusion that we have gained nothing.

On the contrary, we have lost much of the freshness and vigor of those early efforts, and become more and more contented with glittering generalities.

It is a striking concurrence that with this decadence in preaching consequent upon thus going from the specific to the general, our Elders have been forced gradually from populous and cultured centers to the backwoods and country hamlets.

I am aware that other explanations of this circumstance might be suggested, such as the greater facility for slander and misrepresentation in cities where all have access to the daily papers.

To which I may reply that no Elder expects to find a field of labor where the Mormons have not been painted black.

Country people know just about as much of us that is bad as do city people, and with them it make a much deeper impression and lingers longer in memory, not being covered up so quickly by the rubbish of succeeding sensations.

I believe, therefore, that after these things are duly balanced up, it will be found that we make converts mostly among the uncultured because these find our general talks interesting enough to set them to investigating, and that the cultured, whose minds have been accustomed to severe exertions, find so little in them to arouse thought, as not to set them investigating.

Indeed, if further confirmation be needed of this view it may be found right at home in the fact that the brainy men of our communities, commonly known as worldlv-minded, go with reluctance to our Sabbath meetings.

Here then is the conclusion I have been aiming at.

If a process of generalizing has led our proselyting from the centers of intelligence, a process of specializing will as surelv lead it toward the centers again.

All the institutions of mankind are just now in very unstable equilibrium.

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

Society is everywhere in a turmoil.

Even where things appear quiescent, forebodings hang like black clouds.

Ministers in the sects are alive to these evils and have this advantage over us; they have made a careful diagnosis of the ills into which mankind are plunged.

But here their advantage ceases.

So far as the remedies they propose are concerned, they are the by-word of thinkers.

That only seems popular which is atheistic in conception with perhaps a few pious incidentals.

Why should not we enter into this field, and grapple hand to hand with these evils.

We actually have the remedy.

The science and philosophy of the world—the knowledge which is alike the spring of the hopes and the fears of mankind—remains to be re-written from the Latter-day Saint standpoint.

Think what a revolution the single element of pre-existence will make in the learning of mankind, when its bearings are worked out What then, also, of a personal God, the perfected man of a Savior who is our Elder Brother, in the truest, holiest sense;

of family ties for eternity;

of a heaven not floating around in ethereal nothingness, but connected with soil and trees and flowers and birds and sparkling rivulets? What of all these principles so specialized as to combat point for point the silly superstitions that are now disgusting mankind under the name of Christianity?

But these principles must be specialized, must be made concrete, must be humanized, must be dressed in the garb of the nineteenth century.

It will not do to stand aloof from intelligent men and poke faith, repentance, and baptism at them with a long stick.

Pardon the remark, if it seems irreverent.

But is not this what we do when we refuse to enter into their councils, and treat with scorn what they hold dear:

whe*n we say, in effect: throw all those things down They are worthless.

About face!

Have faith—the faith that Paul defines;

repent—-with the kind of repentance that Peter commands;

be baptized—or you shall be damned I

The man chooses the latter alternative and walks away.

The principles of the gospel can never become antiquated while the universe is organized as it is.

But does it occur to the ordinary missionary that perhaps the garb of these principles, the statement, explanation, and illustration of them may?

Does it occur to every Elder that faith in God may be taught in as many ways as there are blades of grass on the hillside?

that every impulse and emotion of the heart is a possible door to repentance, if we but held the key?

But not so; we are sticklers for the Jewish garb of these principles.

Men must see through Paul's eyes ere they can see our faith.

But there are thousands of honest men who have lost all faith in the Bible; who have become so disgusted with biblical disputation, that the very naming of these things is a signal for impatience.

Sectarians are wily enough to take advantage of this.

Their doctrines, stripped of verbiage, are frequently the most absurd of superstitions, but they so manage to dress them in modern garb and life-like illustration that they win the converts, while we stand by and call it trickery.

Perhaps it is.

''Use a little guile, said Paul.

It seems to me that it is not our business as missionaries to make men bend to the stiffness which we mistake for our dignity. We should so love mankind as to make our ministration of the word fit their wants and necessities.

Get them, by hook or crook, to begin to investigate—only get them.

Truth will take care of the rest.

In conclusion, let me say to my fellow-laborers.

I scarcely expect your plaudits for the merciless way I have spoken of a certain kind of preaching that abounds today.

Perhaps I am unjust.

It is quite certain that I shall be misunderstood.

JUDITH DARE.

But let me say, it is not so much to in a vain self-sufficiency that bars all gain you to my way of thinking as hope of progress and growth.

Even to stir up mind-activity upon this as a people we are great admirers of important subject, that I write thus ourselves.

Far he it from me t«> pointedly.

Above all I have a savdisturb the balmy sweetness of this age desire to wake up certain of us repose, but that are steeped over head and ears N.

L.

Nelson.

JUDITH DARE* A STORY OF THE REVOLUTION.

Picture to yourself a quaint old manor-house of colonial days, set far back at the end of an elm-shaded lane, leading from the public road, its rear windows overlooking acres of its own fields and orchards, its front facing the view of a green stretch of valley, at whose eastern edge glimmers the broad blue line of the historic Delaware.

Picture at its west side a path hedged with a double row of feathery asparagus and current bushes and shaded with thick-leaved elms, the afternoon sunlight slipping deftly through tiny rifts in their dense foliage and putting transient patches of gold on the faces and figures of two people standing underneath—one a stalwart and handsome young man of twentyfour, arrayed in the costume affected by ardent loyalists at the time, the customary knee-breeches and clocked hose surmounted by the scarlet vest and coat worn by the British soldiery, and the other a young girl, her bright chestnut hair, blue-gray eyes and clear, warm complexion rendered even more striking for the contrast of her quiet Quaker garb a drab bonnet and gown with white kerchief crossed primly on the plain bodice.

Both are standing silent—a shadow strangely dissonant to their youthful years brooding upon each countenance—on his, regret and hopelessness, and on the young girl's downcast one a strange flush of embarrassment and pain.

* First Prize Washington's Birthday story.

Presently the young man spoke.

"Nay, Mistress Dare,"he said, in answer to a half-playful, half-serious accusation made previously by his companion, "Indeed you do me grievous wrong by claiming that I am pleased to leave this spot.

Should I speak all my heart, I would perforce confess that life has set me no harder fate than that I must part He paused, suddenly, biting his lip, and turned away with a sigh.

"It had been, at least, less selfish and heedless in thee, John Fielding,"said his companion, speaking with painful effort, and strangely tremulous lips, "if thou hadst thought more of the pain of those left to grieve for thy absence, than of the laurels thou mayst hope to win in this wicked war.

The young man started, gazing at her downcast face with eager questioning.

"Judith!"he said;

his breath coming fast, his voice tremulous with strange and sudden hope, "If I had thought that one here for whom my heart yearns, could care for my going, I would have been less eager, I confess, to take active service in this useless war.

The king will win his right without our little help, and

I am bold to say that it is less the love of this warfare against my country that urged me to this step I have taken than the hope of forgetting in its excitements the vain desires which have lately filled my heart.

"Hadst thou been so distraught, John Fielding, thou wouldst better

JUDITH DARE

have spoken thy thoughts, lest, perchance, that Evil One whose delight it is to set snares of discord, should blind thee with some false device of causeless doubt.""Judith,"cried the young man, coming quickly to her side, and gazing with eager but still doubting eyes upon the flushed face of the younggirl, but fearing, in fact, to speak, lest the hope that thrilled him should prove vain.

She stood, downcast and silent, but presently raised her eyes, brimming with tears to his own.

"Hadst thou been of my faith, John Fielding, thou wouldst have spoken frankly at any cost, and spared me this unmaidenly confession."At these words John Fielding's arms clasped the slender figure in a swift and tender embrace.

"My love—my Judith!"he cried joyfully, "I had not dreamed of this;

nor could I think it aught but an unfair and useless act to tell my love deeming you pledged to your cousin Henry.""No word of love has ever passed between us."A puzzled look came into youngFielding's eyes.

"Yet from his speech,"he commenced.

A rustle behind the double row of bushes interrupted him, startling them both, but as no one appeared, Fielding stepped aside and looked over the top of the hedge.

"It must have been a wren or a linnet,"he said, returning to Judith's side.

"No one is there; but we will leave all thought of the past, he continued, ''and think only of present happiness.""And thou wilt abandon this useless and perilous hazard thou hadst planned?'questioned the young girl eagerly.

A shadow crossed her lover's face.

"I fear it is too late, sweet one,"he answered.

"I have asked for and received my commission, and to withdraw now would bring upon me the taint of cowardice and dishonor.

"True,"she answered simply, "yet, I could say farewell with a better heart if thou wert but to fight for thy country's cause."A smile crept over the young loyalist's moody countenance;

he was well aware of the patriotic sentiments of the Quaker girl, but the cause of the colonies seemed then, to many, so insane a hope that he could well afford to treat as a jest this charming obstinacy on the part of the young girl.

''Nay, my fair rebel 'he exclaimed lightly and fondly, "before I return to you with my soldier laurels, you will have become as staunch a loyalist as myself.

Well, well,"he continued, as she shook her head with evident seriousness, ''we will let time speak for itself.

But meanwhile I must have a promise, for my peace of mind whilst I am gone, that you will not let these differing sentiments rob me of your love.""Nay there will be evil enough come of this unhappy quarrel without the sacrifice of our happiness;"answered Judith quietly, "I have a higher faith to guide me than the opinions of my imperfect heart, and the light that has come to me through prayer, lets me sacrifice no jot of love, or friendly feeling upon the altar of this wicked strife.

John Fielding took both her hands and pressed them reverently to his lips.

''You are a saint, Judith, 'he whispered, a sudden moisture dimming his eyes.

"Were there more of your pure faith, I can believe we would have a better world.

I shudder when I think what I had lost, had not your pure heart given you pity to speak."A warm color surged for a moment in the girl's cheeks, then fled leaving them pale as before.

"It came to me that I must let you know my heart, she said simply.

"It was hard—and yet

JUDITH DARE.

wrong, as I well, knew to let you go without a word.

What John Fielding's answer was to this, can as well be imagined as confessed—but their bliss was doomed to be of short duration—a sharp voice from the direction of the house bringing it abruptly to an end.

"John Fielding!"it called shrilly, "have you changed heart about this journey?

If not, I should say 'twas time you made some start.

Jacob has held the horses here at the porchsteps till his wrists throb, and Henry has vented his spleen at you with such a will I should fear your ears were scorched quite off if there were any truth in the sign.""I am coming at once,"answered the young loyalist smothering a regretful sigh; and pressing his lips in a last farewell upon the brow of the fair Quaker maiden he was gone.

It was the most exciting period of the Revolution.

The Declaration of Independence had just passed causing a ferment of dissension throughout the colonies

Whilst the majority of Americans were strong in their adherence to the cause of national liberty, a large number of people in every city and town throughout the colonies still held loyally to the belief of the "divine right"of the king to govern the people, and while conceding that injustice had been perpetrated, still claimed, in spite of all past experience that the king would yield to the demands of his American subjects, looking upon the stand taken by the patriots as little less than blasphemy.

To this latter class belonged young Fielding's family, and also the greater part of the household in which Judith Dare was domiciled.

The latter's uncle, Henry Standing, had lived in Boston up to the time of Howe's evacuation of that city, and his family were among the large number of loyalists who left the city shortly after its possession by the American troops.

They, together with their friends, the Fieldings, had decided to settle in New Jersey—the latter making their home in Bordentown, the former purchasing an estate in the country some few miles distant—the manor house described in the beginning of the Story.

Henry Standing did not enjoy his home for long.

The strain and excitement occasioned by the events transpiring in the colonies were more than his enfeebled constitution could endure, and in a month's time he died leaving as his last wish, that his son Henry might spend his life and energies for the suppression of the rebellion.

The result was that after the Declaration ot Independence, the young man joined his friend John

Fielding in applying for a commission in the army.

This favor was the more easily won, as the policy of those of authority both at home and in the British army in America was to award special marks of favor and distinction to those loyalists who arrayed themselves openly on the king's side.

Many were given important positions in the army even when no special cause for preeminence existed, and the slighest act ofloyalist valor was rewarded with immediate promotion.

Under the circumstances it was no difficult task for the two young men to obtain favors from the general in command of the British forces, the families of each being particularly distinguished for their devoted allegiance to the king.

Hence, having received favorable answers to their applications both were, upon the day with which our story opens, about to set forth for New York, in order to report at the headquarters of the British army in Brooklyn.

Judith Dare, the object of both the young men's attention, was the daughter of Henry Standing's sister, and both her parents having died, Judith, and her brother Alma some three years older than herself, were made welcome inmates of their uncle's home.

JUDITH DARE.

The children of sternly patriotic parents the two young people had imbibed from them principles of a nature entirely opposite to those of their uncle's household.

But though the latter were grieved at what they considered to be the wickedly rebellious sentiments cherished by the young orphans, yet it made no difference in the kindly and affectionate spirit with which both were treated.

Alma, to be sure, sometimes tried to the utmost, the patience of his aunt, whose obstinate loyalism brooked ill of opposition;

and when the fiery young patriot at length declared his intention of enlisting in the army to serve the country's cause, the result was the commencement of an unconcealable hostility on the part of his firm-willed relative which threatened to develop into a serious breach.

Unyielding as herself in his convictions, the young patriot held to his decision and the month following

Washington's triumphal entry into Boston, saw him enlisted in the American troops.

During the time preceding the operations of both the armies at Long Island, little of note was heard from the newly enlisted young soldiers.

Letters came frequently from all, the greater share falling to Judith, and her pretty cousin Nell Standing, the latter young person keeping up a correspondence with Judith's handsome and dashing brother Alma, notwithstanding the slight feud existing between the latter and her mother.

To Judith came letters regularly from Alma and John Fielding, the latter breathing in each the earnest conviction that a few months at most would see the end of the conflict;

and building up wonderful pictures of their future, when he should be at liberty to return to her side.

Whilst Judith could not share his confidence with regard to the troubles of her country, she yet found no harm in letting her mind linger upon those visions of their future happiness which his letters conjured, and this occupation helped to make bearable the lonely hours endured in his absence.

But even this comparative bliss which remained for her solace was destined to be annihilated.

With the customary letters which came to her from her lover and brother one morning, was also one addressed to herself in a strange handwriting; and with the natural impulse of curiosity to know who her new correspondent might be, she at once broke open the envelope and hastily scanned the contents of the enclosed epistle.

With momentarily increasing wonder she read as follows:

"Mistress Judith Dare:

"Dear Madam.—In taking the liberty of writing to you, I do so with the strong conviction that the information and warning which I desire to convey to you will prove sufficient excuse for its exercise.

I have lately had the ill-fortune to be to some extent associated with a certain young gentleman of your acquaintance now serving in the British army—John Fielding by name, who upon various recent occasions has seen fit to mention your name, both in my presence and that of others, in what I should consider anything but a respectable manner.

"That you may judge of the matter for yourself I will state that it commenced in the first place with certain insinuations upon his part of having won without effort the affections of a pretty patriot Quaker girl who according to his hints, had without any sign of preference on his part, deliberately declared her love for himself;

or as this elegant gentleman expressed it, had deliberately thrown herself at his head;

and ended, finally, on the occasion of some expression of doubt or disbelief on the part of his listeners, in his not only disclosing your name, but also your place of address.

"Being;

one of those who heard

JUDITH DARE.

this, and having heard incidentally of yourself, and especially of your decided modesty of character, my indignation at this uncalled for affront towards a lady of your standing and character determined me to take means for securing the punishment of him by whom it was unchivalrously perpetrated, and upon mature thought decided it could be effected in no better way than to place in your possession the facts I have above stated—having no doubt that you will be able to proclaim the falsity of this conceited coxcomb's insinuations, and also to take such steps as shall eventually bring to the shameless fellow such confusion and humiliation as his ungallant conduct deserves.

''Hoping the kindly impulse which inspired this missive may condone the liberty I have taken in addressing you without leave, and also that my acknowledged lack of any personal authority in the matter may prove sufficient excuse for my remaining incognito, I subscribe myself your sympathetic and sincere well-wisher, Anon.

When she had read the last line Judith Dare sat white and motionless as marble, her eyes gazing unseeingly at the letter in her hands.

The shock of its cruel surprise had seemed to deprive her of the faculty of feeling or sensing anything clearly, and she sat dazedly trying to bring herself to some condition for reason and action.

Presently the sitting room door opened and her aunt came in, bustling to the fireplace.

"Why, Judith, girl, what ails thee?"Elizabeth Standing asked, pausing in the act of taking a string of peppers from a nail in the rear of the deep chimney place, and regarding her niece with a look of alarm "Thou lookest as if thou hadst seen a ghost or a vision of purgatory.

Art thou ill?"The speaker was not of the Quaker sect, but used the "thee"and "thou"in playful ridicule of Judith, having as little tolerance ol the latter's re ligious as her political feelings, "No, I am not well,"the young girl answered, rousing somewhat at her aunt's words;

"I think had better go to my room.''"I should think so, too, by your looks, dearie;

and don't let us aee you down again till there 'is enough color in your cheek at least to prove you flesh and blood.

I confess your white face gave me a turn;

and besides, we can ill afford to have our little saint ill, lest we miss the sunshine of her spirit that is so sweet."She came and put her arms around

Judith, kissing her fondly, and Judith had a great yearning to confide her anguish to the kind heart which she knew dwelt beneath the seemingly stern and firm exterior.

But the nature of it was such that she could not feel secure of the sentiment which might be aroused by the confession of her own seeming boldness in regard to declaring her true feeling for John Fielding.

She knew her aunt's prejudices too well to be able to hope that she would understand the pure faith and truthful feeling which had prompted her to reveal her heart, or show anything but consternation and disapproval of her act.

No, she had brought the trial upon herself, and she would endeavor to bear it alone.

Returning her aunt's caress, she went quietly to her room upstairs.

When she again appeared, in answer to the bell, which summoned the household to the evening meal, she was very calm and quiet, though her face bore traces of the struggle through which she had passed.

It had been one in which no gleam of hope or comfort could appear;

for two facts loomed darkly against any avenue of light—that only John Fielding and herself had known of that which had passed her lips on the day of their parting—hence leaving but one way possible by which it had become known to others;

and that

JUDITH DARE.

249.

being unable to deny that what he had brutally chosen to make public, she could take no steps to shield herself, or bring the despicable being to punishment.

Facing this insurmountable proposition she had bravely come to her decision.

The next morning making a package of the letters that Fielding had written her in the past, together with the two she had received yesterday which still remained unopened, she sent them to him with a single line from herself.

''John Fielding:

"I return thy letters.

There must be no further communication between thee and me.

Judith Dare.

A week later news came of the movement of the two armies at Long Island, the masterly retreat of Washington's army across the Sound, and then the thrilling rumor of the advance of the American troops toward

Trenton.

Before the people in the vicinity had had time to fairly realize the position, the bugles and drums of the patriotic vanguard startled the peaceful echoes of the locality of the capital city, and by the sundown of another day the tents of the American troops dotted the opposite banks of the Delaware.

Then, close on their tracks came the British pursuers, only the broad line of the impassable river, preventing them from falling with all their superior force upon the desolated ranks of the patriots, and completing their annihilation.

But, thanks to the'ingenuity of the commander-in-chief, no boats were to be had, and the British army must content itself to wait until the frosts of winter should bridge the deep-flowing gulf with strong ice timbers before achieving final triumph over the skilled and stubborn patriot troops.

No dismay was in their hearts at this, however;

for victory was too certain to make the delay of a month or more of little consequence in the winding up of this foolish rebellion.

So it was confidently settled; and with the lusty host of Hessians encamped at Trenton, to watch the course of the frost-building, and the opposite enemy at Princeton, whom the finished structure was to place at their mercy—with Cornwallis bidding farewell to the troops at Princeton, and hastening back to New York to take passage for England, secure in his confidence of the result of the pending battle, what wonder the British army could wait so nonchalently for the future event?

Up and down the banks of the river, and in all the villages from Trenton to Burlington, red-coated, troopers came and went as thick as bees—lounging and living at ease.

Some of them in the houses of patriots whom such harboring hurt deeper than sword thrusts, who were yet helpless to rebel.

Loyalists, too, had their share of entertainment to yield these idle guests, though this was of course done by them with comparative lightness of heart.

At The Elms (the name of the Standing manor) they had had at first three of the English officers as guests, but as Christmas approached, these had left to spend a gay holiday season with loyalist relatives in New York.

Henry Standing and John Fielding, who had been as near as Princeton, had gone back also to the same place, having had the honor of receiving invitations to a grand fete be to held at the house of a loyalist there, in honor of their General's departure from the country.

A letter from Henry announced that they would both be home for Christmas, and Jor good, as the letter ran, and both the Fieldings at Bordentown, and the household at The

Elms, were in a bustle of preparation for their coming.

The news of John Fielding's approaching presence at his home, brought to Judith a renewal of those sensations from which she had been

JUDITH DARE.

striving to recover since receiving the anonymous letter.

With the two households so closely allied, it seemed impossible but that they two must meet, and she spent many hours of the time before the date fixed for his home-coming, in prayerful effort to prepare herself for the dreadful encounter.

He had written to her once after the return of his letter;

but she had sent the message back unopened, as a decisive and final declaration that nothing further could pass between them.

Now that a meeting seemed inevitable, she trembled at the thought of being forced, perhaps, to endure the humiliation of repeating with her own lips his hopeless treachery.

However, no step could be planned at present for avoidance, and she could only wait and pray that some way might open for her escape.

Christmas eve came, and with it the coach bringing to their homes the two young soldiers.

Nell Standing and her mother were on the front porch to receive them, and Judith, from her place in the parlor, listened with beating heart, lest she should hear John Fielding's voice, and see him entering the door.

Her aunt's question, as they all came into the room, however, at the first moment reassured her.

"Why, what has happened with John Fielding, Henry, that he could not look in to bid us a merry season?'"Nothing, mother,"answered her son, casting a somewhat stealthy and questioning look at Judith;

"but anxious, as you may guess, to go on to Bordentown.""'Twould have taken but a moment to have greeted his old friends, and no harm done either, if I guess right.""Well, well: he will make it up in future, mother, after he has greeted his own kin;

there will be time enough for peace-making now that this strife is coming to an end."He stole another furtive and watchful look at Judith, and then as his mother led the way to the dining room, offered his arm, with great gallantry to his fair cousin, escorting her, and his sister, who had clasped his other hand, to the table.

He was talkative and attentive to Judith during the meal, and afterward throughout the evening, but a certain secret watchfulness which he kept of her, made her feel ill at ease, and she was glad when the time came for retiring, so that she could escape from his unpleasant and unaccountable influence.

The next day, though free from the strange espionage which her cousin had seemed to keep, was rendered almost as uncomfortable to Judith by his attempts at gallantry which he took no pains to conceal.

She had little heart for it at any time, but now, with the pain of her love's betrayal still wringing her soul, the thought of such advances filled her with revulsion.

No visitors came during the day, and Christmas night closed in dark and quiet, bringing no sign of warning to the household at The Elms of the stealthy movement, whose clever result t was to startle them and the entire country on the morrow.

All night, whilst the two young loyalists who had returned to their homes, fondly imagining that the last faint fires of the rebellion were stamped out, slept and dreamed of future days of peace and honor, seemingly now close at hand—a hundred boats filled with silent and resolute men were being rowed with muffled oars through blocks of broken ice in the swift-flowing Delaware, and the lonely roads for miles up and down the banks of the river were black with lines of patriot soldiers marching to surprise, in their drunken slumber, the brutal Hessian soldiery at Trenton.

The guns fired upon the dazed troops the next morning by the patriot column, was the sound which first roused the startled sleepers at

JUDITH DARE.

The Elms and at Bordentown—and in less than a half hour both the young loyalist soldiers were in the saddle—each spurring toward the sound, and striving to rally the flying Hessians, who passed them in their escape toward Burlington.

All efforts to turn the tide were vain in that eventful struggle, and the victory which resulted from the brilliant manoeuvre of the American forces at this crisis of affairs was a miracle which changed not only the entire aspect of present affairs, but also the destinies of both armies.

Cornwallis, quickly back again at his post, and with his entire forces mustered at Princeton, still felt confident of the result of the coming conflict a confidence certainly excusable in the light of the position of the enemy and his own superior forces.

The encampment of the patriots on the east side of the river, brought them within two miles of The Elms, and the inmates of the house found little time for anything outside the excitement of watching the camp-fires gleaming in parallel lines in the disstance, and waiting for the first sounds of the battle which could not for much longer be delayed.

Elizabeth Standing had been urged by the Fieldings to close up her home, and bring her household to take up their abode at Bordentown till the withdrawal of the contending armies, but to this she would not listen.

"I gave up my home, and all in it, once, to the rebel mob,"she said in answer, ''but never again shall it be—if I set torch with my own hand, and burn with them.

Let the rest go, if they fear to stay, but I shall remain in my home, till all is safe.

I shall feel better, besides, with Henry in the fight, to be near and know the worst or best, as it happens."So they remained; and each day of that thrilling week, after the momentous Christmas, watched from the g-arret windows the two armies in the distance preparing for the decisive battle, and listened for the opening sounds of the conflict.

They came on the morning of the New Year, the roar of guns along the river bank leeward Trenton telling though they could not see, of the warfare which had commenced between the two armies.

All day the cannon boomed behind the strip of forest three miles away, and which cut such view as might have been gained from The Elms; and the hearts of the three women throbbed fearfully at thought that the lives of near and dear ones might perchance have gone out at those ominous sounds.

To Judith the commencement of the battle brought disappointment as well as anxiety.

On the day before, there had come a brief scrawl from Alma saying he would make an endeavor to obtain a few hours leave on the night of the New Year for a final parting word before the conflict, and now the struggle was on, and she might, for all she could foretell, never look upon him alive again.

Nell, too, was well nigh inconsolable with her double anxiety for lover and kin, and the two cousins spent an anguished day, harrowed by thoughts of all they had at hazard in that near scene of action.

At sunset the booming guns ceased—the silence falling like the peace of heaven upon purgatory;

and to the anxious ones at The Elms bringing a partial sense of reassurance spite of their uncertainty.

A little after nightfall a messenger came from Freeman Fielding with word that his wife had been taken ill, the result of a severe attack of nervous prostration brought on by the exciting event in which she had reason to fear her son was engaged, and begging her old friend to come and pass the night at her bedside.

The messenger brought news also that no victory had been obtained by either army during the day, and that the conflict had been abandoned for the night to be reopened for the final

JUDITH DARE

battle at daybreak on the morrow.

This was a call which Elizabeth Standimg could not and would not disregard.

Her plan was at first to take the two young girls with her, but Judith, hoping from the news brought that she might yet see or hear something of her brother, begged hard to be left behind—

prayer to which her aunt at last reluctantly yielded.

Nell she insisted upon taking with her, much to that young woman's chagrin, thus cutting off the chance of her daughter's meeting with Alma, in case that daring young rebel should come to The Elms.

In half an hour they were ready, and leaving minute instructions with Jacob Rand, the old man who had been the devoted servant of the Standings for a quarter of a century, as to his care for her niece and his role as an incendiary in case the "rebels"should raid the house during her absence, the firm willed woman went away to her friend.

After they were gone, the doors were securely locked, and whilst Jacob read his Bible by the light of the tall candles on the table in the sitting room, Judith drew the heavy window curtains between herself and the light, and pressing her face against the pane, waited and watched patiently for her brother's coming.

The chances, she knew, were hardly two in twenty for it—even if he were safe and well;

for the eve of battle is hardly the time when a man may gain leave to be absent from camp even for a few hours.

Yet on the other hand she knew that if any favors might be yielded it would be to Alma, for the young volunteer's daring and patriotism had won him the attention and admiration of the entire command.

Before the removal of the troops from Boston he had skillfully contrived the capture of an English officer and his two adjutants at the house of a loyalist in the vicinity, and in every engagement or movement of note since, his bearing had commanded marked attention; and besides his promotion, he had received flattering notice from the commander-in-chief, with an intimation of interest in any reasonable favor he might desire.

This made her only reason for cherishing hope;

having faith that were Alma unhurt he would leave no effort untried to keep his appointment.

Eight, nine, and ten o'clock struck, and still he had not come.

Leaving Jacob to listen for his knock, Judith went up the two flights of stairs to the garret, a large, airy room under the roof, with windows opening at the rear and front of the house.

It was used as a workroom by the family, a large loom standing in the rear corner, and two spinning wheels near the fireplace in the middle of the room.

Since the presence of the troops in the vicinity, the room had been used both night and day as a watchtower, the windows opening toward the front giving them a good view of the country toward the river.

A log which had been placed on the hearth at nightfall was still burning, making, however, but a dim light in the long room, and pausing to light the candles on the chimneypiece,

Judith went to the window and looked out.

Near the house all was darkness and quiet, not a sound heard save the branches of the clump of tall elms at the entrance to the lane, moaning in the light night wind.

Two miles away to the north, along the banks of Assanpink Creek, the campfires of the patriot army gleamed redly in the darkness, the glow creating a halo of yellow light in the vapor-laden air above.

Between these lights a shadow now and then passed, the figures of the sentinels walking their beat at the edge of the camp.

Farther away to the northeast a dimmer glow was visible, the glimmer of the British camp fires, giving the only hint of the great army hidden by the darkness and waiting

JUDITH DARE.

only for daybreak to completely annihilate the American forces.

As Judith stood gazing, a low rap sounded at the door, and with a glad exclamation she threw it open, expecting to see her brother.

But it was not Alma.

Standing before her, his eyes fixed with earnestness and entreaty upon her own, was John Fielding.

So unexpected was his coming that Judith staggered back, faint and trembling; and before she could recover, he had advanced into the room and was speaking.

"Mistress Dare,"he said, "I know not what treatment I deserve and may receive for intruding myself upon you without leave, but"—and he paused suddenly—-"fate may give me no other chance of meeting you, and I must hear from your lips the justification for my sudden and cruel dismissal.

He came forward eagerly toward the trembling figure leaning against the mantel.

At his motion Judith drew back, and with a sudden effort at self-control, faced him with flashing eyes.

"Nay, is it not bad enough, John Fielding, that thou hast wronged me with thy cruel boasting and ridicule, that thou shouldst stand before me with such shameful boldness and hypocrisy?'The man she addressed stood upright, looking at her with pale, questioning face, and unquailing eye.

For a moment there was silence, then he spoke in low, commanding tones.

"I can better reply to your harsh words when you have told me their meaning."Judith stood as resolute as himself, though with a strange thrill in her heart at his words and bearing.

"It will be needless, I think,"she answered, "to put my accusation in words.

If there is any manliness left in thee thy own heart must accuse thee of thy base treachery."John Fielding's face became a shade paler, and he took a step toward her with a commanding gesture.

"Speak!"he said, "I have a right to know what stain you impute to my honor.""Dost thou mean,"said Judith, turning upon him her white face and burning eyes, "that thou wouldst force me to put in words again my foolish confession made at our parting—to taunt myself and amuse thee with the tale of its repetition before thy fellows in the camps?"She stopped suddenly arrested by the look on his face.

"Judith, Judith!"he cried bitterly, ''is it with the belief of a tale like this that you have wronged me?

Surely, surely, I can trust you better than this—and you—oh, Judith, what had my former deeds or character betrayed that you should believe this true?'Judith gazed at him with dilated eyes—a tinge of hope and belief lighting them, spite of her unwillingness.

"Thou canst tell me then, perhaps, who it was that betrayed the secret contained in this missive?"She took from her bosom the anonymous letter—kept there as a charm against the tender and regretful memories of her unworthy lover.

He read it through once and again, an amazed and troubled look crossing his face.

Then he turned quietly to Judith.

"I can give you no knowledge as to the writer of this contemptible falsehood, or how he came by his secret,"he said.

"It is a mystery which my present thought is unable to fathom, but which I promise you, if I live, I shall spend the years of my life in finding out, that I may both repay him, and prove to you his villainy.

Meanwhile, I can only plead with you to cast away these unworthy suspicions, by which you wrong my manliness and honor;

for you will believe me, will you not, Judith, when I declare by all that is most

JUDITH HARE.

sacred to my conscience, that I am innocent of"this foul aspersion?"Judith still stood leaning against the mantel, hut with her face flushed and downcast.

As her lover finished speaking, she looked up, and gazing into her tearful, yet happy eyes, John Fielding clasped her to his heart.

As they stood, the neigh of a horse was heard outside beneath the window.

John Fielding turned with a start.

His own horse was tied in a clump of trees close at the entrance to the lane, and the sound close at hand told of some visitor to the house—a suspicious, if not alarming, circumstance, at so late an hour.

He had, in fact, run considerable risk in venturing beyond the British lines, to pay his visit to The Elms, not only from the proximity of the "rebels,"but also that the army lay between the house and his own camp.

It was only by making a wide detour that he had been able to approach the spot in safety, and so near was the enemy that any hint of his presence might bring a squad of soldiers from the ranks of the creek to effect his capture.

Not knowing what might be his fate on the morrow's battlefield, he had obtained through special favor, a few hours leave, determined to have his heart eased at least from the uncertainty and mystery of Judith's dismissal.

He had already spent too much time in his coming and visit, and at the startling sound outside, turned hastily to go.

Judith laid her hand detainingly on his arm.

"Stay,''she said, "there is no cause for alarm—I have reason to think it is Alma.

He promised that if possible he would see me tonight.""Alma! your brother—here!""Yes, but surely—

"Quick—I must leave at once!""But, John Fielding, art thou and my brother no longer friends?'"Friends! why yes!

Yet surely, Judith, I need not explain t<> you tliat we must not meet.""Must not—but why?""Hush!

Is that not some one on the stairs?""Why, yes, it is Alma's step,"said Judith, turning toward the door.

John Fielding turned pale, and then with a swift, determined gesture, drew his sword.

Judith came back to him, her face white as his own.

"John Fielding, what does this mean?'"It means death or capture to one of us, I fear, dear one,"he answered slowly, with a pitying look into her upturned face.

"We are all enemies in this insane war.

A look of sudden resolution came into Judith's face.

"It must not be,"she whispered, shudderingly.

"Quick—there is the loom there in the further corner;

stand behind it till he is gone.

There shall be no bloodshed between thee and my brother tonight.

Her resolution, as well as his own pitiful heart, impelled him to do her bidding.

In a moment he had taken his station behind the loom in the further end of the room, its great hulk shielding him effectually from* view.

An instant more, and the garret door was flung open, and Alma Dare, with his characteristic dashing and restless movement, had caught his trembling sister in his arms.

"And what are you hiding here for, in the garret, like a gray little mouse?"he asked, with a quick glance around.

"Are you afraid someone may come to carry you off?

I should have thought in fact, from poor old Jacob's efforts to keep me from mounting the stairs, that he feared I might do it myself.

"I can see the camp fires from the window there, and I came to see if I could catch some glimpse of your coming across the fields,"said Judith, answering his fond look.

A strange expression flitted- for an

JUDITH DARE.

instant across the countenance of the young patriot, and he hastily left her side and went to the window.

"I hope there will be no other watchers beside thyself, Judith,"he said, coming back to the fireplace, and falling back to the quaint Quaker dialect, which his camp life had taught him to forego.

"The camp fires can indeed be seen plainly from the window and the road, too.

I wish it were otherwise, if only for tonight.

Pitch darkness we should have, so that neither earth nor object could be distinguished from the other.

"But, why Alma?""'Twould be best for our plans, little one.""Plans—surely there is to be no battle tonight, Alma,"asked Judith, her face blanching with sudden fear.

"No battle, my sister, but an enterprise that means the only hope of salvation for our army and country.

Nay, have no fear,"he con,- tinued, as Judith put her hand warningly to her lips.

"I run no risk in trusting thee with our secret, for Jacob tells me the house is empty save for us three, and he, as you know, is too deaf to overhear outside, even if he listened.

In any case we should be safe with no one to ride with the alarm, for our troops will be on the move at midnight, and at dawn "Yes,"he went on, misinterpreting her look of uneasiness and alarm, "we have but one means of salvation, to retreat secretly from our present position, and surprise the enemy's left wing at Princeton.

If the plan succeeds, we shall win, and if not He paused, kissing fondly the cheek pressed anxiously against his telltale lips.

''Well, well at least I am glad to be able to see thee once more, little one, and bid thee farewell.

It was a favor I hardly dared to ask, in fact, in such an emergency;

but as the distance was so short, and they knew I could well be trusted to be back in time, my request was granted.""So, as it is,"he went on, as Judith still clung silently around his neck, too much agitated to speak "I must be off at once, my sister, and look for a longer meeting with thee at a happier time.""I should like well to have seen Nell,"he said, as having pressed a farewell kiss on his sister's trembling lips, he started toward the door, "but I suppose aunt will plan to have our meetings few and far between, whilst I choose, as she terms it, to serve the devil in my country's cause.

But,"he continued, "I shall win my sweet Nell still, if I live, and I leave the words with you to give her as my best message—if you will.

And with a smile and a look of mischievous daring in his eyes that Judith knew well, he closed the door and was gone.

As his light step sounded on the staircase, Judith sank into a chair.

In a moment John Fielding was beside her, a look of dismay and pain on his pale face.

"Judith,"he said, taking her cold hand in his, "I need not tell you what I feel at this—I would have given my life almost rather than have this fate fall to my lot.""Hush!"said Judith, whisperingly, "there is no—no harm done;

none but us two have heard what he has told me, and we need only to keep silent.""God help me, Judith,"cried Fielding.

He dropped her hand, and pressed his own to his hot temples.

"Dost thou mean, Tohn Fieldiner,"said Judith, rising and confronting him, with a sudden'flush on her face, "that it is in thy thoughts to betray this secret to our enemies?'"Can I go back to them tonight and keep silent, Judith?"he asked.

A moment passed, then Judith spoke in a hushed voice.

"Thou needst not go at all, then, John Fielding.""Would indeed that I need not,

JUDITH DARE

Judith!

but I must,"he answered, bitterly.

"To be granted furlough on the eve of battle, and fail to reach my post in time—you see what it must mean.

Judith stood trembling, the color fading again slowly from her face.

"It would have been better had I held my peace and let thee meet him,"she said half-moaningly; "I betrayed him to save thee—and for this?"John Fielding groaned.

"Tell me a way out of this wretched fate that I may use with honor, and I swear that I will take it, Judith."The girl stood pale and irresolute, a look of pity softening for a moment her reproachful and pleading face.

Then, suddenly she started—thought had come to her bringing a swift flush of excitement to her cheeks.

"I will give thee away,"she said, a sudden resolute ring in her tone, "wait here."Turning from him she walked quickly to the door and went out, and ere John Fielding could divine her purpose she had turned the key in the lock.

She heard the rush of his footsteps to the door and his voice calling her name wildly, pleadingly then with her two hands pressed to her heart to still its quick beating, she groped in the darkness toward the stair.

With her foot on the first step she suddenly paused.

A noise had reached her ears from the room she had just left that filled her with a strange dread.

It was the sound of the window raised within, and though she knew that in this way there was no escape, the silence following made her heart thrill with fear.

A moment more and she had groped her way back to the point of light showing through the keyhole of the door, and stood there listening breathlessly.

Not a sound broke the stillness inside, and after a moment's uncertainty Judith called his name.

No answer came, and in an instant she had turned the key and was inside It did not take a glance to see that the room was vacant, and she was quickly at the wide-opened window, straining her eyes to pierce the darkness below.

Not long was she there; down the steep flights of stairs, past the light from the sitting-room where Jacob sat reading his Bible, and out into the darkness she sped, kneeling with a quick broken cry beside the still figure lying beneath the bare rosebushes under the windows, and calling him piteously by name.

No answer came, and groping her way blindly back into the house, she touched the startled Jacob on the shoulder—leading him outside—without strength to make explanation to the frightened old servant.

Together they brought the helpless form into the house, Jacob even more bewildered and alarmed than before when he saw the face of the young loyalist.

He did not wait to ask questions, but after laying the body on the lounge hastily went to chafing the hands of the unconscious man whilst

Judith bathed his head and applied a silver flask of brandy to his white lips.

A sign of consciousness at length rewarded them, only to result at sight of Judith's face in a violent effort to spring to his feet, a movement which brought him back prostrate, and again unconscious.

At her wits'end, Judith sent Jacob to build the fire in the kitchen, hoping in his absence to gain wisdom as to some right course.

She knew the injuries of the helpless man demanded a doctor's attention, yet dreaded should she send, that some revelation from her lover's lips might yet defeat all that she had made such sacrifice to accomplish.

Doctor Spaulding, the only physician near at hand, was as staunch a loyalist as her aunt, and would not hesitate, she knew, to carry out any action that Fielding's revelations might suggest.

On the other hand, if she did not summon such assistance, her

JUDITH DARE

lover's life might perhaps—she paused shuddering in her thought, realizing what part she had herself taken in bringing about this terrible denouement.

Then in a moment she was kneeling—her soul and heart, in her sore distress—poured out in prayer; and from the light and peace which came in answer, she could make her decision.

As she rose, Jacob came in, and she turned to him quietly.

"Thee must go for my aunt, Jacob, and for Doctor Spaulding.

Say nothing to alarm the Fieldings, but let thy mistress know of this accident."''Was it that he fell from his horse,

Mistress Judith?"Judith turned to the sick man without answering, and the old man hastened away—getting assent from her silence.

After he had gone Judith barred the door again and took her place at

John Fielding's side;

with the aid of the camphor and brandy keeping him in a semi-conscious condition till at last, after the weary waiting she heard the welcome sound of Jacob's voice again at the door.

With the coming of her aunt and the doctor, Judith's sternly forced self-control gave way, and in a moment she was sobbing and talking with almost absolute incoherence.

While her aunt attempted to calm the nerves of the overwrought girl, the doctor attended to the injured man with Jacob for his assistant, setting the thigh which had been broken, and bandaging the deep gash in his head.

Waiting only to hear that the patient was in no danger Judith was sent up stairs to obtain her much needed rest.

As she mounted the flight of stairs to her room a sudden uncontrollable impulse came to her and she made her way to the garret.

The log was still smouldering on the hearth and by its dim light Judith made her way to the window.

Looking across the valley she was startled to see the camp-fires still gleaming along the banks of Assampink Creek the figures of the sentinels passing and repassing as before.

It was now two o'clock, and according to Alma's words the army must by this time be moving on itb way to Princeton.

Had some unforeseen emergency prevented the accomplishment of the plan?

Hark What was that?

Out on the highway which ran past the house came a strange sound.

It was the muffled tread of horses'hoofs—not one nor a dozen but hundreds, tramping down the road which led from the north.

With beating heart Judith leaned far out of the window straining her eyes to pierce the darkness.

Yes, she was not mistaken.

Out along the road leading from Assampink Creek was a long black line of moving objects dimly outlined under the starlit sky.

The patriot troops making their detour to Princeton had taken the unfrequented road past The Elms.

For a moment Judith held her breath, fearing lest the rest of the household, too, might hear the tread of the many hoofs.

They were too low. and too far from the house, however, to penetrate to the ears of those inside;

and kneeling by the window, Judith watched till the last of the dark moving line wended slowly from sight and sound in the darkness;

then went down stairs to her uneasy, dream-burdened slumber.

The faint grey tinge of dawn which disclosed to the astonished eyes of the sentinels walking their beats within the British lines, the deserted banks of the creek where the

American army had been encamped at nightfall, and which brought to the ears of the commander of the British troops the sound of the American cannon at Princeton, thirteen miles away, brought also the first glimpse of consciousness to John Fielding.

Judith was at his side and watching with the others for its sign.

She had

25<S JUDITH DARE.

but just come down stairs, and the faint sound of the booming guns in the distance removed the last vestige of excuse for longer silence.

She guessed what doubts were in the minds of the doctor and her aunt at the strange occurrence of Fielding's absence from his post on the eve of battle, and also the difficult position in which he might find himself if questioned in regard to the event;

and was glad, therefore, when the cue came which made her free to speak.

She told without reserve all that had passed, not seeking to extenuate in the least her own part in the matter.

The doctor in spite of his intense prejudices and disappointment could not repress a smile of admiration at the young girl's. pluck and determination, but her aunt had no forgiveness for her act.

She gave no outward vent to her bitterness, but her changed demeanor toward Judith was a more effectual expression of her anger and displeasure than any words.

Fielding, faint though he was, assayed to defend Judith's position, but his words were of no avail to change her aunt's attitude.

In response to his anxious request, a message was sent to his general, explaining the cause of his non-appearance, a communication which Dr.

Spaulding gladly undertook to fulfill.

As Mrs. Fielding was better, word was sent to Bordentown, announcing the accident, and a few hours later, found the aged father and mother at The Elms.

The combined influence of the household, though not expressed outwardly, was such as to make it anything but a pleasant home for the young girl who had been the cause of this trouble and anxiety to all.

Fielding, after the first day, had a serious time from his injuries, and in spite of her own anxiety and desire to be near him, Judith felt that her presence was a burden to all, as her sight only kept alive their animosity.

Hence at the end of a week, she wrote to Jane Ferris, an old friend of her mother's in Philadelphia, stating her situation;

and the warm and pressing invitation she received to make her home her own, decided her to leave her aunt's house, at least for a time, till the influence resulting from her act should have had time to abate.

With Jacob for an escort, she was driven away leaving her aunt and the Fieldings politely expressing their regret, yet with a secret sense of relief at her departure, Nell, who was the only disaffected one in the household at The Elms, had promised to keep up a correspondence, and through her letters Judith was kept apprised ol Fielding's condition.

Two months passed before news came that he was out of danger, and another before he was well enough to be removed to his own home.

The letter therefore which came from Nell some two weeks after Fielding's departure from The Elms was to Judith something of a mystery.

After a long summary of everyday events, her narrative wound up as follows:

"I vow, the house was lonely enough with you out of it, but now that John Fielding is no longer here to fuss about, the place is like a tomb.

I for one am sorry that he is well and gone, for it was something to have the excitement of hearing him argue my mother, Dame Fielding, and his father into fits with hints against the king's cause.

Did I tell you or not, that since he has been ill he has shown signs (dangerous or favorable as you may choose), of going over to the rebel

I mean the other side! and his household are out of their wits at every random word he may let fall, hinting of the change.

It commenced with a mention of your scene in the garret and at some word said of your being at fault—'Nay!'he cried,

JUDITH DARE.

rising up on his elbow and flushing up to the bandage on his bruised head, 'she did what any brave and loyal woman mtist have one—and I am not so sure either,'he wound with an obstinate inflection in up furhis tone, 'that the cause she thered was not a just one.'"Do you remember the looks on the faces of the household that morning the guns boomed at Princeton?

Well then—it was a thundercloud like that fell on them when he spoke, and since then his talk has but made it blacker.

He waxes worse in this as he grows well; but mother swears 'tis his brain has cracked from his fall, and that he will lose his fantasy as his skull mends.

Time will tell;

but if the change comes I trust it may not be till there is some new excitement to take its place in the life of your deserted and lonely Nell.""P.

S.

I have but just time to tell you that Henry, who dropped down on us from the skies last night after I had finished my letter, brought news that the officers of the

British army, who have been making a great fuss over our invalid, since learning of the leap from the window that night, sent to him lately a letter, and a promise of promotion to the rank of colonel, when he should be ready for active service, and that he not only declined the honor, but also hinted at his possible resignation from the army.

Cracked skull or not—/ was glad of the news.

Two months later she wrote that John Fielding had not only resigned from the British army, but also openly announced allegiance to the patriot's cause; and on the day after

Nell's epistle, came to Judith the longed, yet unlooked-for letter from

John Fielding.

It was almost of the nature of a diary, and filled with all the thoughts which had been troubling him since they had last met.

"I cannot, perhaps, explain my long silence,"it read;

"but the struggle I have been waging between the arguments of conscience and those of prejudice and tradition, could not let me feel worthy of again forcing upon you my attentions till I could come to you at least with settled convictions.

Not till I heard your prayer of faith, and offered sacrifice, that night at my side, had I doubted of our cause's righteousness, but even through my dazed consciousness there sounded a note of prophecy in your unstudied words."'I know Father, this cause is in Thy hands, that Thou hast designed this country to be a haven of peace for uncounted souls—a land ordained and set apart for great and holy destinies, and if to further this, Thy aim, Thou shouldst require my sacrifice—then let Thy will be known, and it is done.'"Ah, dear one—is it a wonder, thy inspired words ran in my mind like, some clear note of warning?

For through thy prayer alone, such truth as I now have, could be revealed.

'This land ordained and set apart for great and holy destinies, must wear no yoke of human bondage.

Freedom absolute and tinquestioned must be the heritage of them upon whom shall fall the work of the redemption of the races a?id nations of the earth.

''This truth—flashed upon me by the light of your pure prayer o faith, has lifted me at last above the petty influences of human prejudice, and I am free to act in the interest of that cause, now dearer to me than life.

When the conflict is ended shall come to thank thee for thy guidance and to claim still another blessing at thy hands."CHAPTER II.

A year has rolled around, and the cherished aim of the British Commander-in-Chief, thwarted by the clever move of the patriot army at Princeton, had been at length gained by a trick, and the army was now

jhu JCDITII IK-IRE.

encamped at case in the city of Philadelphia.

Patriot and loyalist alike had the quota of soldiers to house, and Jane

Ferris, at whose home Judith was staying, was no exception to the rule.

Their care, though disagreeable in a sense, yet helped to break in upon the monotony of the lonely life of the young girl, separated as she now was, from her kin, and the friends dearest to her on earth.

With her brother and John Fielding enlisted in the patriot army, there was excitement enough outside her home life, however, to keep her thoughts well occupied especially, since a week ago had come the news that both those in whom her affections were centered, had been captured, and brought as prisoners to Philadelphia:

the two having been surprised, so the report came, whilst making a stealthy visit in the vicinity of Bordentown.

Through what means they had been betrayed was not known, and could not be guessed, since the British troops were too far distant to make the enterprise in the least degree perilous.

Here they were, though, fast prisoners in the enemy's stronghold—and without prospect of release, till at least the long years of warfare should be ended.

Owing to the crowded jails, the two friends had been placed in the strong room of a loyalist's residence, being guarded by officers who were quartered in the household.

This was better than the prisons, at least, thought Judith, though she knew her brother and lover too well to hope that either could have peace at all in any restraint.

There was some sort of comfort at least in knowing them so near, and it made her life in a way seem somewhat less desolate than before.

But a short time after their coming, however, Judith received the surprise of an affectionate letter from Elizabeth Standing, in which she begged that all differences and feelings between them be laid aside, and asking Judith to return at once to her root.

Though the latter's heart responded to her aunt's goodwill, she was, as matters at present stood, little in the mood for leaving Philadelphia.

She could not well neglect the appeal, however, without incurring a suspicion of resentment, and was therefore making preparations to go back to The Elms.

It was February and the day of her departure had been set for the fourteenth;

Henry Standing, who since the occupancy of the city by the British troops, had been a frequent visitor at the house, having arranged to call for her, and accompany her upon her journey.

Appearing at the appointed time, with a carriage hired for the occasion, he found himself doomed to a slight disappointment.

Jane Ferris, who was to go the greater part of the distance with them, having decided to accept the invitation of a relative living in the vicinity of Trenton to make her a lengthy visit (more from a desire to escape the trial of entertaining her country's enemies than any other sentiment), had been seized with a violent attack of neuralgia, which made it impossible for her to start upon the trip.

''The spell may last an hour or all day,"she said to Henry Standing, ''and I advise you to take back your carriage till I send word 'tis all over—that is, unless you choose to start now, and leave me behind.

This suggestion Henry could not well embrace, as there was no pressing reason for hastening their departure, so he was obliged to do her first bidding.

It was agreed that he should be ready at a message from her to start at any time, and thus settled, he rode away, promising to call through the day, in case she should prove well enough to start upon the journey.

He would have been much surprised had he seen a half-hour after his departure, Jane Ferris, whom he

JUDITH DARE.

bad left moaning with pain—her face bundled with flannel and onion poultices, come out of her house, arrayed in her best silk gown, and with alert step, hasten off toward a house in the suburbs of the city.

The residence was that of Eunice Dalton, a staunch loyalist, and once an intimate friend of Jan^ Ferris, the two having become estranged by the different sentiments of each on the vital question affecting the country.

Of late, Jane Ferris had renewed her visits to her old acquaintance's house—a change construed by the imperious and self-willed old lady, into an admission of wrong on the part of her friend—a sign which she treated with a pitying condescension, and I- told-you-so manner, which was tended to try to the utmost a woman of Jane

Ferris'nature.

Strangely enough, however, she bore it all with a equanimity which Eunice Dalton, construing into humility, abused according to the dictates and delight of her decidedly aggressive nature.

That the presence of two young patriot prisoners in her house might furnish a cause for Jane Ferris'unexpected overtures, could never occur to her, as she knew nothing of the friendship between them, nor even of Judith Dare's presence in her household.

Therefore, Jane Ferris came and went without suspicion, the two British officers domiciled in her house, looking upon her as a trusted friend of the family.

Calling upon her friend today, however, Jane Ferris found her not at home; but instead of withdrawing, she entered the house, telling the maid she would wait for her return.

Leaving the visitor in the parlor, pretty Kate hastened back to the kitchen, fearful of missing a flirtation with the handsome sergeant who, during the absence of his superior officer, had left his post in the upstairs hall, where the prisoners were quartered, and was drinking a mug of cider by the fire in the kitchen.

When, a half hour later, Kate came up with the sergeant, from the kitchen, she found Jane Ferris tying her bonnet-strings with somewhat nervous hands—having no time, she declared, to stay longer, as she was about to start upon a journey, and would therefore be obliged to leave without bidding Eunice Dalton goodbye.

"Give her my farewell,"she said to Kate, on the door-step, "and mind you tell her, if we are to be friends henceforth, she shall make the next call at my house."With this she turned, a strange smile on her honest and rugged face, and was gone.

Some few minutes before sunset, Henry Standing received a message from Jane Ferris, saying that she was better, and had decided that they would start upon their trip at once.

"Tomorrow I may be worse,"the note read, "and our journey like enough, be delayed for a week;

so I shall try to go between twinges and thus save disappointing you young people again."Though it was now somewhat late to start, Henry was far from being displeased at the arrangement, and in less than an hour, had his carriage once more at Jane Ferris'door.

It took some time for the latter person to get her many bundles and bags distributed under the seats and upon the top of the carriage, then, at last, the eccentric woman must have the coachman go into the kitchen for a mug of hot cider, and a plate of doughnuts, before starting on his long ride through the cold and dark;

so that it was well after nightfall when they at length set out upon their journey.

Jane Ferris, muffled to the eyes in flannels, and woollen comforters, settled back in her seat, with her hand pressed closely upon her mouth, fearful of opening it for a word even, lest the night air should play havoc with the swelled gums.

So that Henry Standing found himself confronted with the prospect of a long

PRIZES FOR WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY STORIES.

drive, with only his pretty cousin to entertain.

And well did he acquit himself of the opportunity.

Never did gallant make greater effort at pleasing than did the young loyalist during the long ride.

Nor was he much anxious or sorry, either, when, the carriage having come suddenly to a standstill, he found, upon putting his head out of the window, that they had missed their way, and were upon the wrong road.

It but gave him more time to deepen the favorable impression he was conscious of having made, and was therefore carried off by him, merrily as a joke.

Finding that the locality was strange, even to himslf, he bade the driver stop at the next farmhouse, and enquire the way; but when they reached it, the man was so busy striving to manage the horses, which were rearing and plunging at some sudden fright, that Henry himself was constrained to leave the carriage and make inquiry at the door.

No sooner had he set step upon the porch, than the horses with a lurch, were off at a breakneck speed along the road—leaving the bewildered Henry gazing distractedly into the darkness, whither they had disappeared;

nor did they stop until they came to a standstill at the door of a cozy cottage in Trenton.

Tying the now tractable horses to the niching post in front, the three in the carriage went hurriedly into the house; and when, a half hour later, they emerged, Alma Dare, with Jane Ferris'skirts clinging awkwardly round his long limbs, climbed up to the seat in front; and the former driver, taking his place in the carriage beside Judith—with a voice strangely like John Fielding's, was tenderly addressing our heroine as "wife."CHAPTER III.

During the years which passed, before the ending of the country's struggle, there were many anxious and suffering days for the lonely bride;

an experience which, however, was made lighter by her duties of caring for the aged parents of John Fielding, with whom she made her home—who soon bestowed upon her not only their forgiveness, but also their tenderest love.

After Henry Standing's death, which occurred the following summer, both her aunt and Nell came to dwell with the Fielding's, giving Judith the added solace of her vivacious cousin's companionship.

The end of the strife found both of the dear ones at home again, each happy, safe and sound;

and the day which saw Nell Standing and Alma Dare united, was chosen not only as the anniversary of that which had witnessed the memorable events of the night of the young patriot's escape—but also of that of the birth of that great hero, whose genius and patriotism had given freedom to the country destined to be the greatest amongst all nations of the earth.

Josephine Spencer.

PRIZES FOR WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY STORIES.

There were presented in the competition for The Contributor prizes for Washington's Birthday Stories six articles, only one of which, we are pleased to say, was unworthy of publication.

The other five contained very much merit.

Indeed, it was somewhat difficult to decide between several of the pieces as to which was entitled to the first, and which should receive the second prize.

After careful consideration, however, the conclusion was reached, by the majority of the judges, that the article entitled "Judith Dare,"by Miss Josephine Spencer, was worthy of the first prize, and that ''Tallie, 'by Nephi Anderson, should receive the second prize.

The first prize article we present to our readers in this number, and will give place to the second prize

SWEET PEACEFUL

VALES.

263.

article in the March number of The ment we are giving in the way of Contributor.

prizes, we hope some of the latent We are pleased to note the intalent which is so abundant among terest which is being taken in this the young people of this Territory literary work, and by the encouragewill be developed.

Solo.

1st and 2nd Tenor.

1st and 2nd Bass.

SWEET PEACEFUL VALES.

TENOR SOLO AND CHORUS.

WORDS AND MUSIC BY JAS. HOOD.

Moderate.

^=E^ -75H ft£& 1.

Our peaceful Zion's Our peaceful Zion's valleys, valleys, And homes we love so With nature's beauties H»-:^4 PP 1.

Our peaceful Zion's 2.

Our peaceful Zion's r~ valleys, valleys, if jcfE=p_:

And homes we love so With na ture's beauties -T5-i =« t?1^=^ «L» dear. Are surrounded with grand mounlains, That ush er waters clear beam.

Here birds oft sweetly warble, And lend their heav'nly theme.

:m^ wi—f-^—^p- ZZIm t- E££ r dear, Are surrounded with grand mountains, That usher waters clear, waters clear beam, Here birds oft sweetly warble, And lend their heav'nly theme, heav'nly [theme.

...

.

1—r-1 f r.—

1—

n- ^=f;

¥ W £ i—1—1-:Mi«:

-K -i—

r =p r i -A—\-N I H^-» It!±2=*z EEP:

The breezes softly softly blow ing ( The rip'ling water's Deep in our hearts we'll ever cherish,

Sweet peaceful vales so spray;

fair, £S m?=F* r The breezes soltly softly blowing, Rip'ling water's spray;

Deep in our hearts we'll ever cherish, Peaceful vahs so fair, gPl m

SWEET PEACEFUL VALES

S,;r.^£:

.3 ^ES V trvSafely nestled 'mong these mountains, Where peacefulness and plenty stay.

Safely On earth there is no other spot, With Zion's peac ful vales compare, On 0*^mm^^m m Safely nestled 'mong these mountains, Where where peacefulness and plenty stay, Safely On earth there is no other spot, With Zion's peaceful vales compare, compare, On S i -*r~d—W- --^f,j \-m m—m-0-0-0-*-—

L Eg v-a fi—?—0- mn nestled 'mong these mountains, Where peacefulness and plenty stay.

earth there is no other spot, With Zion's peaceful vales compare.

1^E*§=* S—f\ ^—P>—

1—ftr-p Zt=± m=i nestled 'mong these earth there is no mouut;iins.

Where peacefulness and plenty stay, other spot, With Zion's peacelul vales compare.

•rut- m -»-. ¥^5 m—&- rt m m < horus. f N •

0- A-A-N- with their rip-pling wa ters.

0-0-3=:

Sweet peaceful fi -I- vales Sweet rippling iW -4-4—y4—5-*= Sweet peaceful vales, with their rippling waters, gHg-^-g:

-F-#- t=t p dim.

cres 0-* -F-H-4 ^=tl vales where calm breezes blow, Sweet peaceful vales where birds ever «« 0-9r X- J:*z*:

^*~=T X^ 3=ftl==Sl= 4 4—4^4 Sweet peaceful vales H«-t* when* calm breezes blow, dim.

"m il J 4 J~a~ >».

-0 0~~0 m~m—i~y Sweet peaceful vales where p cres.

2=£J=^ 'v I

f M I. MANUAL, PART II.

P birds ever warble, And flow'rs f\.

.

pp—

in their beauty grow. Sweet peaceful vales.

-=^-#,-j^_i:#,_i,_#_#-_r=5 ptp £_p £=£—zdJ M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

by milton h. hardy and george h. brimhall.

Lecture 10.

priesthood iii.

GOSPEL.

Lecture 9.

priesthood 11.

Subdivisions:—1. What the Priesthood implies when used in a personal sense.

2.

Divisions of the Priesthood; {a) Melchisedek; (b) Aaronic.

3.

Distinction as to (a) the Priesthood itself;

(b) the offices;

(V) the officers.

4.

Organizations;

(a) First Presidency (b) Council of the Apostles; (c) Council of the Seventy;

(d) High Priests'councils and quorums;

(e) Presiding Bishopric;

councils or quorums of Seventies;

(g) councils or quorums of Elders;

(h) councils of Priests;

(/)councils of Teachers;

(J) councils of Deacons.

Ref. Contributor, Vol. VI., p.

1;

Vol. X., pp. 361-363; 307-311 Doc.

and Cov.

, sec. 107;

Items on Priesthood; Pamphlet by Elder John Jaques on "The Priesthood, Organization, Doctrines, Ordinances, and History of the Church."Self-review:—1. Why is the Melchisedek Priesthood so called?

2.

Why is the Aaronic Priesthood so called?

3. What is the nature of the two divisions or Priesthoods with reference to their perpetuity?

4. What is the relation of the Aaronic

Priesthood or order to the Melchisedek?

5. Who presides over the High Priesthood and therefore over the entire Priesthood of the Church?

6.

Write the names of the present Twelve Traveling High Councilors.

Stake organizations.

Subdivisions:—(a) Stake Presidency consisting of three High Priests;

(b) High Council, consisting of twelve High Priests; (r) High

Priests'quorum (number not limited), with a presidency of three;

(d ) Stake Patriarchs;

(e) Elders'quorums or councils each of ninetysix men, with a presidency of three.

Ref. Doc. and Cov., Sec. 107; Items on Priesthood;

"The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,"by

Elder John Jaques; Article by Elder

F. D.

Richards, Church Historian, in "What the World Believes,"pp.

593-596.

Self-review:—1.

What is meant by a Stake of Zion?

2. How many Stakes have been established.

3.

Where is the center Stake located?

4.

Write the names of the operative Stakes to date.

5. Of what does the general organization of a Stake consist?

Lecture ii.

priesthood iv.

Ward organizations.

Subdivisions:—(a) Bishopric and Presidency, consisting of three High

Priests, one of whom is ordained and set apart as a Bishop to preside over the Aaronic Priesthood in the Ward, and to officiate in temporal matters, and who by virtue of his High Priest-

M I M.l. XI '.!/.. PART II hood and official calling presides locally over the entire Ward;

Priests'quorum, consisting of fortyeight members presided over by the Bishopric; (c) Teachers'quorums or councils of twenty-four men, each with a presidency of three; (d) Deacons'quorums of twelve persons each with a presidency of three.

Ref. Doc. and Cov.

, Sec.

107; "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints,"by John Jaques; "What the world believes,"p. 596.

Self-review:—1.

What is meant by a Ward of the Church?

2. Who presides over the entire Ward?

3.

Who presides over the Priests'quorum?

4. How many Teachers constitute a quorum?

5. How many Deacons form a quorum?

BIBLE—OLD TESTAMENT.

{Mosaic and Prophetic Dispensation continued. )

Lecture 9.

king david.

Time, 1063 B. C.

Subdivisio?is:—1.

His divine calling.

2.

As an armor bearer.

3.

As a champion of liberty with the armor of faith.

4.

His noble example of modest humility in receiving public praise.

5.

His perfect integrity and his reverence for the Lord's Anointed.

Ref.

1 Sam., xv to end;

Josephus,.Bk. VI, ch.

viii-xiii.

Self-review:—1.

In what century did David live and reign?

2. What is meant by David's divine calling?

3. What was David's duty as an armor bearer?

4. On what special occasion did David receive praise that aroused the jealousy of Saul?

5.

As David did not hesitate to slay the enemies of Israel why did he spare Saul who sought his very life?

Lecture 10.

king david (continued).

Time, 1055-1015 B.

C.

Place, Palestine.

Subdivision:—1.

As king of Judah.

(a) Temporary division of Israel;

(6) the internecine war.

2.

David king over all Israel («) as subject to and supporter of the Priesthood;

(b) as a mighty warrior and deliverer;

(c) as a political economist;

id) as a prophet-poet.

Ref.

II Sam., i to ix; Josephus, Bk. VII, complete.

Self-review:—1.

How long did David reign over Judah only?

2.

Who reigned over the remaining portion of Israel while David was king of Judah?

3. What caused the temporary division of Israel?

4. How long did David reign over all Israel?

5.

What evidence have we that David was a prophet-poet?

Lecture ii.

king solomon.

Time, 1015-975 B. C.

Subdivisions:—1. His being anointed king.

2. His father's last charge.

3.

His desire for the gift of wisdom.

4.

His extraordinary wisdom;

(a) as a judge;

(b) as a moral philoso pher;

(c) as a poet;

(d ) as a naturalist;

(e) as a statesman; (f) as a diplomat; (g) as a financier;

(h) as a temple builder.

Ref.

Kings, i to ix; Josephus, Bk.

VIII, ch.

i to viii.

Self-review:—1. When was Solomon King of Israel?

2. What were the chief points of David's last charge to his son Solomon?

3.

Which do you consider to be Solomon's wisest thought?

4.

Give evidence that Solomon was a naturalist.

5. What proof can you give of Solomon's skill in statesmanship and diplomacy?

6.

Give quotations from his proverbs to prove that he was a moral philosopher.

BOOK OF MORMON.

(Nephitic Dispensation conti?iued.) The Reign of the Judges.

Lecture 10.

general moroni (continued).

Time, 72 B. C.

Subdivisions:—1.

Amalikiah the traitor.

2. The Standard of Liberty;

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

(a) the symbolic banner;

(b) the immortal inscription, "In memory of our God, our religion and freedom, and our peace, our wives and our children."3. Moroni's invocation for the success of the Christians'cause.

4.

Moroni's personal heralding of the "Title of Liberty."5. The inspirational rally around the prophetic ensign.

6. The covenant of freedom.

7. The national hoisting of the ''Standard of Liberty.

8. The suppression of the rebellion.

Ref.

Alma xlvi.

Self-review:—

.

What was the cause of the rebellion at this time?

2.

What was the inscription on the ''Title of Liberty? "3. What was Moroni's prayer or invocation concerning liberty?

4. What was the covenant of freedom?

5. Show how the Title of Liberty was made the national standard at the close of the war.

Lecture ii.

general moroni (continued).

Time, B. C.

Subdivisions:—1.

General fortifications, building and repairing the Nephitic line of defense.

2. The invasion by the Lamanites.

3.

Brilliant victories of Generals Moroni, Lehi, and Teancum.

4.

Maintenance of the republic and the overthrow of the kings men.

Ref. Alma xlvii to li.

Self-review:—r.

What was the nature of Moroni's line of fortifications?

2. How came Amalickiah commander-in-chief of the Lamanite armies?

3. What two generals aided Moroni in the maintenance of the republic?

4.

Explain the Morianton trouble?

5. What was the fate of the braggart Amalakiah who swore to drink Moroni's blood?

Lecture 12.

general moroni (continued).

Time about 63 B. C.

Subdivisions:—Sending of reinforcements to the northern division of the army commanded by Teancum.

—Order for retention of prisoners and securing the narrow pass.—The successful western campaign.—The capture. of the city of Mulek and defeat of the enemy under Jacob the

Zoramite.—Correspondence of Moroni and Amaron (a) Amaron's epistle requesting exchange of prisoners, (b) Moroni's bold answer stipulating terms of exchange, (c) Amaron's arrogant reply rejecting the terms of exchange.—The capture of the city of Gid by stratagem.

Ref.

Alma ch. 52-55Self-review:—1. What was Moroni's special object in retaining the Lamanite prisoners?

2. Why was it necessary for the Nephites to secure the narrow pass that led into the land northward?

3. What was the decision of the council of war?

4.

What was the plan for taking the city of Mulek?

5. What two objects did Moroni have in view in keeping his prisoners at work?

NEW TESTAMENT.

{Dispensation of the Meridian of Time, conti7iued. ) Lecture 10.

Paul's epistle to the Hebrews.

Rome, A.

D., 65-66.

Subdivisions:—The supremacy of the Son of God.—The victory over Satan through death.—The learning of obedience through suffering.—The impossibility of the redemption of an absolute apostate.—The law of Tithing.—The incompleteness of a testament without the death of the testator.—-The unpardonableness of willful sin against truth.—The nature and power of faith.—The fatal mistake of not appreciating a birthright.

—The inability of man to comprehend the higher principles of progress except through the appreciation of the elementary ones.

Ref.

Hebrew i-xiii.

Self-review:—1.

Show from the text the superiority of Jesus over the angels.

2. How is victory over Satan through death brought about?

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

3. What is the object of suffering?

4. What is said of willful sin?.

5.

What is faith?

Lecture u.

'GENERAL EPISTLE OF JAMES.

Time, A. D.

62.

Subdivisions:—The standing promise of wisdom when asked for in faith.—Temptation not from God.

Religion in general.—Living faith.—

Use and abuse of speech.—Evil banished by resistance.—Proper procedure in case of illness.

Ref.

James.

Self-review:—1. Repeat the standing promise of wisdom.

2. Show that the Lord does not tempt men to do evil.

3. What explanation is given of pure religion here?

4.

What is the result of belief without works?

5.

Explain the expression "No fountain can bring forth both salt water and fresh."6. How may you cause evil to flee from you?

7.

What is the direction in case of sickness?

Lecture 12.

epistles of peter.

Place, Babylon.

Time, A.

D.

63-65.

Subdivisions:—The Savior an example of patience and suffering.

Head of the family, beauty of home government.—Influence of a chaste conversation.—Dignity of administrative work.—Persecution for righteousness and not for evil.—Judgment to begin at the house of the Lord.

Cultivation of qualities of mind and heart enjoined.—No prophecy of Scripture of private interpretation.

Self-justification and speaking evil of dignitaries barring progress.—-Purification of the earth by fire.

Ref.

Epistles of Peter.

Sclf-reviezv:—1. What is Peter's instruction respecting family government.

(I Peter, ch.

iii. ) 2. What instruction is given in regard to chaste conversation?

3.

Quote verse, iv ch.

II Peter, and explain the meaning of it?

4. What is Peter's prediction concerning the beginning of judgment?

5. Why are we to be humble?

(See vi verse, ch.

iv, II Peter.) AMERICAN HISTORY.

Lecture 2.

EXPLORATION AND COLONIZATION.

Subdivisions:—I. The Spaniards;

( a ) Ponce de Leon discovers Florida and Balboa discovers the Pacific Ocean, 1513;

(b) Cortez discovers Mexico and establishes the power of Spain on the Pacific slope, 1519;

(c) attempt at the conquest of Florida by Narvaez and Cabeza, 1528;

(d) De Soto discovers the Mississippi River, 1541.

2. The French;

(a) Verrazano's voyage to the Atlantic slope, 1524;

(b) Cartier discovers the St.

Lawrence, 1535;

(c) two attempts to plant the Huguenots on the Atlantic coast, 1562-64.

3. The English;

(a) Frobisher's and Davis'failure, 1576;

(b) Gilbert's attempt to settle Newfoundland, 1583;

(c) Drake's piratical passage around the globe, 1577-79;

(d) Raleigh's attempt at the colonization of Virginia, 1585-87.

Self-review:—1. Name in chronological order the Spanish explorers.

2.

Give names of the French explorers.

3.

Who were the chief English explorers from the Cabots to Raleigh?

4. What seems to have been the chief motive of the Spaniards in their explorations?

5.

What do you consider the principal aim of the early French explorers?

6. Why was England so anxious to find a water passage through the "New World?"7. Who were the Huguenots, and what were they seeking in America?

8. Which is the oldest modern city in America and where is it located?

9.

How can you account for the enmity that existed between the Spanish and French colonists?

10. Why would not the French government resent the massacre of the French Huguenots?

Awarded Highest Honors World's Fair.

DS PRICE'S (W Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

SALT LAKE IMPLEMENT Co REPRESENTING The Warder, Busnnell & Glessner Co., IHfgrs. ol

CHAMPION MOWERS AND BINDERS.

Thomas Manufacturing Company's * RKKES, DISC HRRROlniS, ETC. •

Vultmnii A Taylor gK} emr*% /-rr3Egr? j i...^v Emnree McCIean TH engines1 ><^^M^^^^\ FINE BUGGIES boilers L—^^^^^^T^ CARRIAGES HARNESS \no /^\^^K^^^^ AND SURRIES.

Large and Complete Stock of Extras always on hand.

SALT LAKE IMPLEMENT Co Nos. 231 and 233 State Street,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE HOME LIFE INSURANCE COMP'Y

OF NEW YORK.

Owing to prudent and conservative management is, today, the strongest Life Insurance Company in the world.

It has a LARGER PERCENTAGE OF ASSETS OVER

LIABILITIES, making the strongest dividend paying company in existence.

Its Policies are issued at the Lowest Rates.

They are Incontestable, Nonforfeitable,

Unrestricted as to residence or travel, and have a Guaranteed Cash Surrender.

Why put your money in a savings bank, when our policies not only insure your life but return all the premiums paid with interest.

CLOSE & CANNON, General Agents, Utah and Idaho, 238-9 Constitution Building* Salt Lake City, ( t«h.

HIGHLAND BRAND EVAPORATED CREAM Absolutely pure Milk: evaporated, to a creamery consistence and.

THOROUGHLY STERILIZED IVlay be diluted with either Water

Or fresh Milk: to any desired consistence.

Is equal to the best Dairy Cream.

but more convenient and economical.

If your grocer does not keep it,write direct to Jungk: «Ss JE^£Ltyletrx 9 Agents,

P.O.Box 693.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Mwbm fool & London & Globo Iiisiiiaiice Ho.

HSSETS OVER $46,000,000.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, salt lake city

B. F. Grant, Manager.

H. G. Whitney, Asst. Manager.

W- S- WARREN, RESIDENT SECRETARY. CHICAGO,

ILLINOIS.

5tapdard Q?t]ref?U/or^s.

Book of lHornion, Large Print, Full Cloth, $1.75 Full Leather, 2.25 Full Leather, Gilt, 3.00 Full Morocco, Gilt, 3.75 Book of Mormon, Small Print, Cloth, Roan, 1.25 English Roan, 1.75 Calf Grain, Gljt, 2.50 Morocco, Extra Gilt, 3.25 Doctrine and Covenants, Large Print, Full Cloth, 1.75 Full Leather 2.25 Full Leather, Gilt 3 00 Full Morocco, Gilt 3.75 Doctrine and Covenants, Small Size, Cloth,..

1.00 Roan,.,.

1.25 English Roan, 1.75 Calf Grain, Gilt, 2.50 Morocco, Extra Gilt, 3.25 HYMN BOOK, 20th edition, Cloth, Roan, Calf Grain, 1.00 Ca'.f Grain, Gilt, 1.25 Morocco, Extra Gilt* 1.65 "with clasp, 2.00 Voice of Warning, Cloth, limp covers,.25 stiff Leather, Calf Grain, Gilt, 1 25 Morocco, Extra Gilt, 1.65 Key to Theology, Cloth, Roan, 1.00 Calf Grain, Gilt, 1.60 Morocco, Extra Gilt, 2.00 Spencer's Letters, Cloth, 1.00 Roan, 1.25 Calf Grain, Gilt, 1.60 Morocco, Gilt, 2.25 Pearl of Great Price, Cloth Cloth, Gilt, A Compendium of the Doctrines of the Gospel, by Franklin D. Richards and James A. Little, Cloth, 1.00 Leather, 1.25 Morocco, Extra Gilt, 1.75 gilt with tuck 2.00 Ready Beferences, @ 45, 55 and 85 cents, and with tuck @ 1.10 each, net.

§uU Sefe> of (5JW& Wwfo IN VARIOUS BINDINGS, CONSISTING OF

BOOK OF MORMON, SPENCER'S LETTERS, VOICE OF WARNING, DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS.

KEY TO THEOLOGY, HYMN BOOK.

In full cloth, In full roan, In calf grain 'gilt, In Mor. extra gilt, In full cloth, Large In full leather^ In full leather gilt, "In Mor extra gilt, (Small print Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Cov.,) $ 4.45 7.10 10.70 14 00 5.95 8.10 11.70 15.50 P. O. Box C.

Deseret News Publishing Co., SALT LaKE CITY, UTAH.

DANIEL HARRINGTON, Constitution building, Opposite Z. 0. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

BARLOW FERQUSON, JOHN M. CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

CHAPMAN k TRIPP, §tnti$U f ROOMS 105 and 106 OPERA HOUSE BLOCK, 33 W. SECOND SOUTH ST.

A General Stock of Dentists'Supplies on hand.

DR. T. A. CLAWSON, genttet, ROOMS 6 1 & 62 HOOPER BLDC, E. FIRST SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY.

DR. HECTOR GR1SW0LD, §tnti$t, "Dr. Griswold fills teeth without pain."offices:

Over Union Natl. Bank, Main & 2d South

THE} (SULLEN HOTEL, 25 W SECOND SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY.

Now Dp en an the European Flan, Rates, $2.00 & $2.50 per day.

GEO. CCLLEN, Assignee.

TRY A DOZEN OF SHIPLER'S Satin Finished Photographs.

HOOPER BLOCK.

Take Elevator.

Salt Lake City.

CHAS.

M.

CANNON, DBlfTMT.

Rooms 406 & 407 Constitution Bldg.,

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap suit of clothes, or have any old clothes tha> need cleaning or repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

The only Health Journal PUBLISHED WEST OF CHICAOO.

o 5c.

In stamps wUl send ECLECTIC EALTH JOURNAL months on trial.

Address, DR.

R. A. HASBROUCK.

Salt Lake, Utah.

DR. FRED STAUFFER, gftygirian and $nvqton.

ROOMS 63 TO 66 HOOPER BLOCK.

Salt LakB City, Utah.

RESIDENCE:

38 NORTH FIRST WEST STREET.

L M. EARL, NOTKRY PUBLIC.

Deeds, Mortgages, Liens and every description of papers affecting the Title to Real Estate carefully, accurately and promptly executed.

Address:

SALT LAKE CITY.

Send in your Orders FOR Bound Volume *-*» OF THE * CONTRIBUTOR.* ""nil Cloth or Half Leather, $2.50.

American Biscuit and Mfg. Co.

SUCCESSORS TO XTT-5LI3C CRACKER PAOTORY, Manufacturers of the Celebrated

SILVER BRAND OF FINE CRACKERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

*®-Sold by all Wholesale & Retail Dealers in the Territory,-®* HENRY WALLACE. Manan^r HSK YOUR GROCER TO GIVE YOU *GOLD BAND* FIaAVOFJUMG EXTRACTS, BAiqflG POWDER, and SPICES, MANUFACTURED BY THOMSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

Michigan Avenue, Cor. Lake Street, Chicago.

No F*iner Goods in any Market INTEREST PAID QN DEPOSITS BY V Win WE DESIRE YOUR ACCOUNTS.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED.

°l The Western Loan & Savings Co., CAPITAL, $100,000.00.

DIKRPTOIifl'FHANCIS ARMSTRONG, J.E.JENNINGS, M.

E. CUMMINGS I/IHUIMVIIAI.

c. GRANGE, J.

A. CHUTE, P. W. MADSEN.

FRANCIS ARMSTRONG, Prbst JAS.

E. JENNINGS [;r T 22 E. First South St., Salt Lake Clty,Utah.

Y/OWcD'fS PICV6itI7IIf hlflK.

Unkn * f«#'< Mso/ately Pure A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 106 Wall Street, New York.

UNION PACIFIC SYSTEM, The Through Car Lixe to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars & Through

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Oliver \Y. Mink E. ElleryAnderson Fred'k R. Coudert John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Genera! Mgr.

G.P.&T.A.

Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution* ORGANIZED OCTOBER, 1868.

CAPITAL, $1,250,000.

Manufacturers, Importers, Wholesale and Retail Dealers in Foreign, Domestic, and Local

MERCHANDISE.

Main Street, Salt Lake City.

BRANCH HOUSES:—OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO, AND IDAHO FALLS.

Wholesale and Retail Df*UG DEPARTMENT.

Main Street, Salt Lake City.

OFFICERS:

Presidio*'t* WILFORD WOODRUFF.

VlC»-PRB3IDENT:

MOSES THATCHER.

SUCKBTAKT:

T. G. WEBBER, Trkasubek:

A. W. CARLSON.

WM. H, ROWE, Assirtant Supt.

DIRECTORS:

GEO. Q. CANNON, JOSEPH F. SMITH, H.

J. GRANT, G. ROMNEY.

J. R. WINDER, F. M. LYMAN.

H. DINWOODEY, P. T. FARN8WORTH, J. R. BARNES, W. H. ROWE, JOHN HENRY SMITH, T.

G. WEBBER, Superintendent.